Hello,
I am Jitka and I'm Jay and we are from Join Philippines. 
Yes, and this is Bella Adela.
Actually we make this video because there is
a lot of question to us 
why we like to move in the Philippines, especially...
Especially from my family and friends like why we are going to move to
the Philippines when there's a lot of Filipinos who actually
go out from the Philippines.
So why do we move to the Philippines? Yeah, why? 
First, her ate (older sistar), of course, and Jay's family. 
It's big family. 
It's much bigger than mine here.
So I hope we will enjoy each other. And I hope I will really
learn what it takes. I know that my family here will be mad
or sad or anything else. But also have another family in
the Philippines.
So it's like always be somewhere somebody who will be sad,
 but they can make some beautiful vacation.
And also we're planning to get married there next year.
So that's one of the reasons also
we already pick even the church,
so hope it will happen.
We want to have our sustainable farm, lifestyle, small fish pond,
bistro, fishing boat, we already have fishing boat...
We already have our lot, problem is we need to develop it, 
put some cottages for our travel and tour business that we're planning.
We already found a good area because we're near
maybe two kilometers more or less from our place, from to our lot
to the sea, to the beach. And we also have some side of that
mountain some tracking going to some Nagsasa cove,
and Anawangin cove in Zambales, and falls also, we have two falls.
So we have a lot of things in that area. 
That's why we always decided to let's go there earlier as possible.
We know that there's some covid situation, 
but it's everywhere, everywhere. So we don't know when we'll be okay,
so we just try our luck, stay there and build it earlier
because we know also that some of the people when the things
or the COVID situation will be okay. Some of the tourists
will go out to their country. So they're looking for some
good place, some good nature. So that's why while
we want to be prepared there
while there's some covid we want to develop it.
And then when everything is okay, we are ready. Our farm is ready,
our vegetable is ready, our fruits, when we go there to our place
they can pick anytime. And one more I will make some infinite pool.
Yeah, yes, we have some small spring there. So I will make
infinite pool so they don't need to go somewhere if they want to swim.
We are running also our Etsy store, I'm making some design
and I'm starting to write some blog on Patreon even
and we want to run also YouTube so it's like more things we can do.
So it's not like we will stuck in the Philippines with few
chickens and pigs. It's like it's more things together and
also that fishing so we hope, we believe, that
it will really work so it's not like everybody's running from
the Philippines and only us are going there.
And beside our expenses here is also big. It's bigger than there.
Yeah. So when we're there we can plant we can eat anytime
from vegetables, we don't need to buy something because
it will be more sustainable. In the Philippines we will just
like plant and pick one of the tomato some other vegetables
we want to cook and that's it. It's so easy. All Filipino knows it.
Maybe some of OFW (overseas filipino worker) who also wants to go home
but because of money they need to stay abroad especially in this situation.
They still and sacrificing their health stay in work and work and work...
just to provide some financial to their families.
So, so we decided to try our luck, we took some loan 
and we bought that lot and fishing boat and we will just try it
and later hope carinderia (filipino bistro) 
because Jay is really really excellent cook.
First business there is like the baked chicken, czech style, 
so we want to try it there first because it's really delicious
I can do really good baked chicken....
So just like we really want to go there.
...and later rabbit, baked rabbit.
So this is the reason why we want to go there
and why we think it will work let's hope it will work,
if not, we are... I don't know ...I don't want to think about it.
But it will work and that's it.
So it is simple.
And our boat by next week it will go to sea passing fish
yeah, they will start fishing because we already bought
everything that fishermen need we already have two person
who will handle our fishing boat, fishing and tourist boat.
So it is like we already help two people, two person, 
two families, yeah we just always telling them that we will just
give you our trust, we just like he will have income, we will have
income let's continue like this because if it's
if the income is good we can buy another one, another fishing boat
tourist boat so we can have another families or another person
and the first video that we have that we need we want to help 
some Filipino community there so right now we're just
starting step by step, and right now you see in our back
all boxes that we need to give to somebody, a lot of books...
and some boxes we need to bring to the Philippines shipping is expensive. 
But when we're just counting every things
that we need to buy in the Philippines for a brand new it will cost a lot 
so instead we need to buy something we will bring
everything we can from our place here to the Philippines
and also we will ask my sister
for ... she's helping us a lot,
my God she is great.
for building our two cottages. So before, one for my parents, 
so when we arrive there we already have house or place to stay
She is getting more and more crazy.
We need to finish this video.
She will not stop moving. She is crazy.
I don't know what is happening. Say bye Bella.
So please follow us and subscribe
and hit the notification button so you will be notified every time we have a new video.
And especially when we arrived in the Philippines,
you will see the development of our lot.
Yes, it will be good. Right now, wait...
...where is it?
Here is the blueprint of our lot. - Yes, it is not blue. :)
But it's already survey, here it is.
This is the style or the design of our lot, it's shape or what so ever.
It's around 5245 square meters. - It's big. - Yeah.
So right now we're planning where to put the infinite pool, the cottages, 
this is the area of cottages,
some livestock mini farm here, vegetable here,
So everything right now are on our plan. So we will start next time
you will see how we plan everything when we arrived there especially.
Especially when we arrived there.
There will be more and more and more.
Every time will hold this here
Okay, we're here right now we will plan something here we put something here etc...
So you will be notified. See?
So right now ... things are moving. Yeah. Right now you know
why we want to go to the Philippines and even when
It will be earlier than in four months.
Yes. So yes, please subscribe and follow us every time
Yes, yes even with subscribing and watching our videos you
can help us, so...
So do it.
Yeah, thank you very much.
Bye bye for now. Bye bye...
Autumn. Autumn is comming.
What are you saying?
I mean there we can just plant it anytime. Here it's...
spring it's okay...
But it was so long...
I am lost, like what are you saying?
Like ok, I will wake up at six... I will take breakfast...
It is like... nobody cares...
Ok, I will stop it, and make another one...
No, no... :)
