Are you worried about a potential war between the U.S. and China?
Who do you think is a bigger threat
to the Philippines:
the U.S. or China?
China.
Tensions are escalating in the Pacific 
between the U.S. and China.
U.S.-China tensions deepen –
U.S.-China tensions
all-time high.
Tension–
Friction–
War in the Indo-Pacific region.
- And while talks to stabilize the tensions 
are underway,
some Filipinos still feel they're 
in a precarious place,
as a longtime ally of the U.S.
 that’s growing increasingly closer
to their neighbor, China.
 - In my last video, I reported on how the U.S. is expanding its military presence 
here in the Philippines to counter China’s rising influence in the Pacific.
Now, I’m traveling around to ask Filipinos 
about their thoughts
on the U.S. and China.
Are they taking sides? 
 And are they worried about a possible war between the two countries?
Which country do you feel is a greater threat
to the Philippines:
The U.S. or China?
I think it’s China.
China.
China, China. Miss, China.
[laughs]
I think China.
- Top of mind for many I spoke with
is the ongoing conflict in the South China Sea,
parts of which Filipinos call the 
West Philippine Sea. 
 For years, Chinese ships have been entering Philippine waters,
which fisherfolk here say threatens their livelihood. 
- Meanwhile, in early 2023, the Philippines agreed to allow American troops
 to access more military bases around the country,
in part, to counter China’s actions.
The Philippines was a colony of the U.S.
for nearly 50 years.
But even after gaining independence,
it has remained a crucial component to American military strategy in the Pacific. 
 Today the Philippines is the largest recipient of U.S. military aid in the region, by far.
Which country do you feel like is a bigger threat to the Philippines:
the U.S. or China?
Do you feel that the U.S. increasing its military presence here in the Philippines
makes you safer?
- The U.S. would say, “We’re your friend.”
Even though Americans were once 
the Philippines’ colonizers,
 today the two countries share close 
cultural and economic ties
in a relationship U.S. leaders consistently 
refer to as “ironclad.”
 And even though the U.S. no longer 
stations its soldiers here
 in the numbers it did in the 20th century, 
its presence has endured.
Do you remember what it was like
when the U.S. military was here in greater numbers
like, before the ‘90s?
Too much good?!
 I mean, even though they conquered us, 
 it was really, it was a good thing for us since we got to be able to speak English,
 it offered us a lot of opportunities.
If we are to be colonized by China,
they would be there for us and 
they’ll get our backs.
But China's never colonized the Philippines in its history and the U.S. has.
 So they did, but it's in the past.
- But don’t rule out China’s influence here.
Which country do you feel closer to: 
the U.S. or China?
The Philippines and China go way back too. 
For centuries, the countries were tied together by trade and immigration.
 And some estimates say that as many as a quarter of Filipinos have Chinese ancestry.
The world’s oldest Chinatown is even located 
here in Manila,
established in 1594.
Today, China is one of the Philippines’ 
biggest trading partners,
and has committed to investing 
heavily in the country,
from railroads to renewable energy.
Who do you feel is a bigger threat to the Philippines?
- But they were at war with the U.S.
The Philippine-American War left 
200,000 Filipino civilians dead
and began the long legacy of U.S. 
presence in the country.
- One infamous case is that of Jennifer Laude,
a Filipina trans woman who was 
murdered by a U.S. Marine 
training in the Philippines in 2014.
The Marine convicted of killing her 
was accused of receiving special treatment 
during and after the trial, 
thanks to an agreement between the two countries that can allow American troops
to operate outside some parts of the 
Philippine legal system.
Thanks for watching this video, 
and what are your thoughts on the U.S. and China?
Let me know in the comments
and be sure to watch our previous video, 
where I spent time with the U.S. military
here in the Philippines.
