Good morning! It's still dark .
Good morning mga palangga(my love). I have work today and the time here is 10 to 7 in the morning
Good morning John!
John: Morning!
I am now going to work and I will see you later mga palangga. I will see you later sir John
John: Okay
Right, John already started my car, I presume.
there!
It's very cold outside and it might have frost so it needs pre-heating. what do you think the temperature outside?
John: I don't know
I am going hun. Bye. I love you
John: Okay
Come on!
He's having he's breakfast.
OMG! It's cold outside.
John: What are you doing with the camera?
Bye, I love you(John- Don't vlog while driving)
No, I am not doing this while driving.
The temperature is 3 degrees
Gosh! It's freezing.
Okay  I'm driving now to work and bye. My morning face is horrible, eww!
(still feeling cold) I am here in the car par and until now the steering wheel is like an ice, it's freezing.
My car has no heated steering, I can't afford it.
I am home but the camera lens is fogging
Thank you very much for the coffee!
John: Why you not cleaning it?
Yeah, its fogging! Argh
Look at those cuties!
And John is in the BBQ house
Are you happy to see me again?
John: I'm always happy to see you my darling
Mia: Are you?
John: You know this
So what are you trying to say?
John: Somebody on the comment asking do you have a brand for the mask you used?
Yeah...
John: I am just telling you.
It's Alya Skin Pink Clay Mask( Link on the description below)
Yeah, the name of the mask or the brand is alya skin, its quite good really. It really helps me minimising my pimple.
Wasps?
John: Yeah
John: It's really good.  Can you tell guys? Lovely.
I love this man so much.
John is here
John: No, he's not!
Come on! They want to see you
John: Hello!
Come on! Come here!
I cannot pull you..
Come on!
John: That's it no more.
Come on!
I gonna miss you hun!
Are you gonna miss me?
John: Oh yes!
Anyways, I will just feed the dogs and afterwards will harvest the chillies in the greenhouse
And shortly will have our lunch as well
Let's go!
I could feel that it's nippy outside
John: You need the key(Mia-where is the key?)
John: It's hiding, its keeping you locked in so you can't escape when I chase you around the house
Really?
John:Oh yeah!
That's why people says that I am your prisoner. I'm your slave.
John: You're my slave. Absolutely.
Yeah, let's go. Let's go mga palangga(my loves) lets feed the dogs.
John: Now, this is miss little muppet
John: I put it on the floor for you so it's easier. Okay.
john: It's feed time!
john: Come on!
That's it I did it
Let's go to the greenhouse and I will show them the chillies
John: How about all the tomatoes as well, now they are skin heads. I chopped all the leaves but there still a lot of tomatoes left.
Yeah. Lots
See look at them two plants there, alone
They said the chillies in the Philippines are so expensive
Are they? We could send them
Yeah, somebody said that you are so rich now you got a lot of chillies
John: What you doing with them?
I picking them all. I am harvesting them
Honey can you get me a plate, please?
John: Right I need to put you here
Right thank you very much for getting me a dish
I am not sure if you could see me...what's his done!?
I'm not sure if you could see because of the reflection. I am harvesting the chillies cuz there's a lot.
And some people suggested I could make a chilli oil or chilli powder.
So I'll have a look online how to make it as there's plenty of chillies. I could comfortably get 1kg here
Thank you hun!
John: There are plenty actually.
Mia: Ahhh!
John:Mind the nettle
It stings me
John: (trying to pull out the nettle) I can't get it. You have to watch it.
It sting me the nettle
John:Yeah there's one in the middle here look!
Oh my God! You don't know how much I have get. Look!
It's plenty! I think I have 2kg in here
Look at that!
I am so happy
I wish I could give this to someone. I offer my neighbour but they don't like chillies
John: We should get some of this?(butter)
Oh!
We are going out to get some carrots and swede in the garden
Come on John!
John: no!
Come on señior!
John: Let the dogs out
Come on..
You two! LEt's go, get the knife!
John: What we filming your big wellies?
Yes my big wellies
I got a big welly!
No, wellies. Not welly. Wellies. Don't be naughty
No, I'm not.
John:Come on, hurry up!
I'm trying but this wellies are too heavy!
John: She's just weak because she does no exercise. That's all it is. Watch out for the rats!
John: Princess!
john: Synchronise tinkle with them dogs. Look!
John:I think the plum is gone, our last plum.
Yeah our last plum mga palangga(my love) is gone. I think the bird eats it.
John:No, be wasps they love them
John:Oh look at this carrots, you see  has made a difference doing mounts like I said
Because the ground is been soft and wet and allowed them to down, isn't it? You see.
Woaah! Look at that!
John: That's a proper carrots
So yeah, I like gardening cuz where I came from we got a farm
John: See we got excited dogs now!
John: Look, dangerous weapon.
John:Well thats obviously been a successful carrot growing year, anway.
Yeah because last year its not been so good.
It's so freezing outside
I just been out to let the dogs out
Cuz John will not do it. He let me do it just in case that I need to do this to do that
so just to make sure everything is in place and that will be my routine when John is away.
And until now I did not look for recipe online on how to make chilli powder. I presume you let it dry and mash. I don't know or for chilli oil as well I need to look
I don't want this chillies to be wasted, I offer to my colleague and neighbour but they don't like spicy
And I cannot eat them all. If only this is Philippines this will be all gone
The smells is so nice but I don't eat fresh or whole chillies. I just like putting it into a dipping sauce like green mangoes and vinegar with chilli
Or I like the combination of green mangoes with spicy shrimp past or green mangoes with soy sauce and brown sugar(like sweet and spicy style)
Hmmmm...I am drooling
It so overwhelmed that John friends offer that If I feel uneasy I can call them or they can stay over if I want to
They are very kind to me. I am so thankful. That they care about me
Good morning, work mode again!
The time here is 5 to 7 in the morning
John: 5 minutes  to 7 in the morning
Good morning!
John: Good morning, what?
I miss you bee
This is my lunch for work. Potatoes and chicken and I got a (not mash parsnips)mash carrot and swede in there.
And I got my yogurt.
John:And chilli!
Hun!
John: Yes darling
You what to do
John: What?
Take care
John:I know this, I always take care darling
I gonna miss you.
John:Yeah can you watch the road cuz there's an ice and I mean it. Are you listening to your husband? Yes. Don't go screaming
I want to take you to work but John says no, focus on driving(as if I am driving while vlogging. No I won't do that)
Anyways after work I'll be home alone and you mga palangga(my loves) you're with me.
I will go now I will see you after 14 hours
Hi mga palangga(my love) just arrived home from work
And you know what, every move I do in the house , I can hear it cuz John is no here
I so used coming home from work, he is there saying welcome home my beautiful wife etc
And now... it feel so different, The house is so empty and I feel sad
So I will just let the dogs out , the time here is quarter to 10 in the evening. So I'll go and let them out
They been out, all sorted with the dogs and because John is not here will make a coffee
Cuz most of the time that when I came home from work the coffee is waiting for me but not this time. I'll have to make my own
I am so tired so I'll sleep now as the time here is quarter past 10 in the evening
And my feet, my sole is killing me it so painful
but before that I'll wash my face  so good night!
