During the K-POP event held in the Philippines
Come up. Come up
There was a K-pop battle event all of a sudden
(Huh?)
(Can I join too?)
Look  at him who try to read other's mind.LOL
M.....Me...
Nihoo raised hand with courage
Oh god
The Philippine audience is going crazy!!
appreciate it if you subscribe to Nihoo!
Hello, I'm Nihoo
As a gift before I join the army 
Nihoo, who collaborated with Korea Goryu Hongsam
Time flew by..
The end of the year is coming after the expiration of the military service!
As expected, time flies outside the military...
In December, year-end gifts, New Year's gifts...
It's a busy December preparing for this and that
That's why I!!
To alleviate your worries, we are collaborating with Korea goryu Red Ginseng!
Very beneficial red ginseng? 1. Red ginseng made for donation! 2. 15g per bag 3. Ginsenoside 14mg per bag!
Last time, I only did it for a week
At that time, the subscribers said
Comment: The sales period is too short,Nihooㅠㅠㅠ
It's like...
This time, it's going to be a little longer? Can't it be 3 weeks? People want it! You're the best,sir
We discussed it well and decided to do it for 3 weeks in particular!
I heard there's one of the big reasons why I collaborated with Korean Red Ginseng?
They collect the proceeds and donate them to the elderly living alone and the vulnerable
So, He was able to collaborate with a good heart..
When we feel 'red ginseng', it becomes difficult to buy it because it's expensive..
Check out the fixed video comments for the link to purchase!
You can buy it at a good price!
Everyone, make sure you don't be late for prepare the end of the year, new year, and Lunar New Year's gift!
Let's buy gifts and donate at the cold end of the year and spend a warm end of the year together~
Yes, everyone. Today is a bit special 
At SM Seaside Mall 
Jung Kook's new song!
"Standing next to you" that NIHOO is into
Anyway, There's a K-pop contest there
There's a rumor that they're going to do random play dance?!
Is there any chance to participate..
I'm going to go and participate in a random play dance
I'm worried because I don't know what song will come out in the random play dance
(Usually, it's a national rule to receive song requests in advance.)
I'm worried that I'll come back in vain
But you don't even know if I can participate just because I'm going, right..?
If it do something wrong, I just look around and come back!
Thinking about my previous travel memories...
It's definitely..
After dancing K-pop only through random chat, I came overseas and saw local reactions, so I think K-pop became very popular
Now, K-pop has spread all over the world
I asked Philippine students
They knows more about K-pop than he does
(Try harder, Dude)
I don't know how the videos that I filmed on my trip will be uploaded
What if the response is good?
Let's shoot in a country other than the Philippines
Arrived complete
We've arrived
It's really huge...
(Real admiration)
It's so wide that He's getting lost...
NIHOO keeps admiring
Look for it, and arrive at the entrance!!
(Is it right to have a K-pop contest over there?)
Security guard: Yes, that's right
Thanks
I can hear TWICE's song from the entrance
We filmed it with phone, but please understand that the light is too blurry! (The light is blurry from here...)
Wow~~~~~
Look at the crowd..
There are so many people
Oh...
TVXQ!!!
The idol of idols, TVXQ!
The booth staff welcome Nihoo!
I came in and it was so chaotic...
evacuate out from there for a while
Now, They're going to make a booth for idols
I think they're selling goods and albums
Wow, anyway...
a huge K-pop event
(Amazed)
Let's go back in
(Look at this)
HI~
Shining SHINee booth
I like Taemin^^
Who is this?
Oh! It's THE BOYZ~
(There are so many...)
Can you take a picture?
He never take it out when ask takes photo
It's SEVENTEEN
Hi~
(Hoshi when he was young)
Cute
He's on my way to the stage
Multiple events in progress before random play dance
Nihoo looking around happily
Please take a picture with me!
Okay, okay
getting requests for pictures because of the unexpected appearance of Korean
shooting again
keep taking pictures
again and again 
Oh~ Look at his manner hands~~~
Oh, that's right!!!
Philippine subscribers who recognized Nihoo!
It's a fascinating situation for each other
Taking a picture with our subscribers!
Wow, this is interesting...
Sit down and watch the event while waiting for the random play dance
She's just a fan of Stray Kids, but she's so good at dancing
It seems like they're having an event where they can invite fans and dance
Clap, clap, clap
I think they're making them dance on stage one by one
If I do this well, I'll have a chance!?
Are you creating content to upload on YouTube, sir...?
What the, move on to a K-pop performance
Wow, but the kids' skills...
I'm not kidding. The quality is pretty nice
Wow, that was dope
KPOP cover skills are amazing day by day!
cool~~~~~
A huge response!!
SEVENTEEN - Super
(Look at the crowd sound)
Perfect performance from the outfit
Thank you for enjoying K-POP like this
I don't know why but I'm proud
Wow... This is really...
They're so good at this?
They kept talking about favorite artists
I think the artist's fandom is dancing 
This time 
Finally, KPOP RANDOM DANCE!
Come up. Come up
MC who receives the contestants!
(Huh?)
(Can I join too?)
Lol, look at him looking around
M.....Me...
Nihoo raised his hand with courage
(Yeah, you come out)
chose "Nihoo" by a Korean who stood out from before
The appearance of Koreans is stirring up the atmosphere
An attention seeker korean who is excited. lol
Wow...
People's curiosity is soaring!!
MC: You're Korean, right?
Yes I am Korean ^_^
hi~
Hi, hi
Oh...
Whoops... the contestants who are finally escaping
Where are you going!!!
It's okay. Just come out
Finally, someone else comes up...
No, this person...?
A famous dance team dancer in the Philippines!!
Hey, just kill it like slay
Okay??
Okay, got it
No, but
Turns out it wasn't a random play dance!
I heard something random so I went up
It's a dance battle before the main event starts..
Okay, the song is good~
You're going to play this song?
(Knowing song) He can't stop laughing. lol
I'll show you why we own BTS
The participants are starting to start
He's starting the engine a little differently(?) lol
A dance that's twice as powerful as usual
What the hell is he
It's dope
Crazy
This is it! This is it~
It's definitely a Filipino dancer with exceptional dance skills!!
Korean attention seeker GUY who can't catch up
Wow...
It's cool to see you being sincere about K-pop, regardless of victory or defeat
Clean finish!
Calming down my excited friend.lol
Clap, clap, clap
No, hang up the song
good job
He's so good at dancing
Can you introduce yourself?
Yes, give me the mic
Okay, okay
Guys, please be quiet
The audience can't calm down at all
I'm going crazy.lol
You do it on your own. / first of all, passed the mic
Hi, everyone
Look at the sound
Nice to meet you!!!!
I'm doing K-pop YouTube in Korea
Search Nihoo on YouTube right now
Look at me
Since Nihoo is close
He's using his wrestling skills. LOL
Oh, this isn't a place like that~
In the middle of the comments
What about this?
That's you, right?
What is that...
Oh!
(How did you find that? lol)
This is... 2019's fresh days
Nihoo's first public broadcast debut, I can see your Voice!!
I know that!!
Oh my gosh...
It's crazy...
Look over there. LOL
(How did you find that? lol)
(Fat Nihoo) The dark past that suddenly appeared
Oh.... no......
That's hilarious.LOL
But enthusiastic spectators!!
By any chance, can you perform that?
Okay, okay
Good
He's going to show SEVENTEEN-Clap~
(Suddenly happen) Encouraging the response until the song is ready!
If you think the time is right, calp
Great response
Okay, let's go
getting heats up more and more
SEVENTEEN, right here
Oh my, look at the live
He practiced it a long time ago, so the live performance is perfect!
Yeah~~~~~
(Please do it all together)
until you hands are on fire, clap
Clap, clap, clap, clap
Till this song ends, clap
The stage manner is so nice~
The response is good, too~
bumping into here and there, a camera that has turned to the side
(Adjusting the location)
The high notes are crazy
Oh, my..
Nihoo is playing on stage as if it's his own concert
Great finish!!
He's such a good greeting
They're supporting him until the end..
Applause to Nihoo~
He was coming down from the stage after it was over...
a situation in which one cannot move due to the crowd
People are gathering and taking photos in the corner because it could be dangerous!
I thought it would be hard, so they bring a desk and a chair for him...
Nihoo took a photo with autograph for almost 2 hours
There are so many lines...
The director who's so popular here
End with a group photo due to time constraints!
Wow... I think I signed it for about two hours
Honestly, me??
I'm just a YouTuber
I'm nothing
After performing on stage once, thankfully like this
K-pop fans who liked Nihoo!
I'll avoid seat because it might interfere with the event
We ate and rested, and Jung Kook's new song shooting is done!
I failed to control the amount due to the sudden dance battle, so the random play video will be uploaded next time.ㅠㅠ
Next episode preview: Nihoo to join the random play dance!
Warm up with Filipino dancers before participating in the random play dance
watched other dance team's performances~
The random play dance finally started!!
But..
He can't find a song he know..!!
The audience is disappointed because he didn't come out after coming to watch Nihoo...
A sudden crazy response?
