Good morning, we have finally made it to Bohol and we've come to the southernmost point Panglao Island
and it is a place that's pretty well 
known for scuba diving and snorkeling and it  
has a beautiful beach. So, today we wanted to take you around Alona Beach, just to show you exactly  
what it's like here. There's actually a ton of 
Filipino tourists here because it's a holiday  
weekend as well. So, it's definitely a special time to be here and hopefully, maybe we could learn a  
little bit about this island from the locals.
What we do know so far, is that unfortunately, 
it was hit really badly from the typhoon that 
came in December and there's still a lot of  
recovery efforts that are going on right now. So, we're gonna go explore the rest of the island  
tomorrow, but today is just going to be focused here in this Alona Beach area. I'm hungry let's  
go find a quick spot to grab a bite to eat and  then see more of this beautiful little beach area.
So, I guess the dogs here in the Philippines 
don't really like you, huh.
Yeah, we'll see, we'll see. We'll find out about that. I have a very weird thing with dogs.
Okay, it was just so unbearably hot right 
now and so we decided to come in and get out  
of the Sun and have some food. Local food we're gonna have later we're having a little bit of  
Americanized food right now. 
And to cool off I'm actually enjoying my delicious Calamansi (juice),
it's like a little lemon (or lime) and it's very refreshing actually and I really like that. Jumi introduced  
that to me from Food and Footprints so I'm very 
thankful yeah enjoying it yes exactly and people  
Yup, enjoying it (the juice)?
Yes, exactly and people are enjoying it (Alona Beach) 
as well it's very nice to be able 
to see Filipino people enjoying their long weekend
here and they are swimming, they are partying it up, they're singing on the beach (yeah they are) and it's just  
nice to see that they are enjoying their country as much as we are right now. (for sure) Even more.  
I was very worried before coming to Philippines because they said that I won't be able to eat  
anything because I don't eat pork. But, I'm so mind blown by the fact that there's actually a  
very rich seafood selections everywhere we go. And it's so good to be able to have delicious seafood here.
Even though we're not doing a food 
tour today, this is very refreshing and yes we love  
Filipino food but we really were amazed by the seafood so we just wanted to dig in. But, Steve is
actually not having fish, he's having a burger, with a British flag on top of it (haha(, that's weird!
So after our lunch we want to explore more of the Panglao area and we thought the best
way to do that was to try out a local mode of transport for the first time.
We're gonna try to get a tricycle by ourselves and of  
course, never had that experience 
so it's going to be interesting.
400 PHP? Ok. Do you want to get in first? (Yeah)
Are we gonna fit in here together?
It's a tight squeeze (it is) but I think we will.
All right we made it.
All right, let me put my mask on (Yup).
Thank you for taking us (okay).
Okay. I'll wait here for you and then we go back.
Okay Alberto, thank you.
052, okay.
052, okay Alberto thank you!
45( PHP)  for three water bottleS?
We have plenty of money!  
We're Filipino, and  you;re Thai.  
Thank you, thank you.
What's your nationality? I'm 
from U.S I'm from Turkey turkey yeah Turkish oh  
I'm Turkish (US!) (huh?)
I'm from US.
I'm from Turkey. Turkey, yeah.
Turkish.
Turkish.
Aww yeah.
Yeah, okay. (Okay thank you) Thank you so much!  (thank you)
Nice, nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, good bye!
Have a good day!
Alberto, here's your water (thank you) no problem, all right.
After a quick ride to explore the 
island, it's time to get out of the Sun.
Here you go, this is for you. (thank you sir)
Thank you so much for waiting for us (thank you).
Black was a terrible choice today. It is 
so hot, we're gonna go take a breather in  
our room really quick and then we're gonna 
go try and hop into the water and cool off  
because it looks super inviting everybody's 
really enjoying it right now, from what we saw  
walking along the beach. So, breather and then we'll see you right down on the beach.
All right, so we are back outside and it's much cooler and a little  
bit cloudier. Would have been nice to have a clear sunset but...
Well by the time you got back, unfortunately it got cloudier.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Are you getting a tattoo?
No its not.
Ahh, just a design, okay.  
We mentioned it very briefly in the beginning, but this is a very popular spot for divers and 
snorkelers. I believe the boats kind of go 
out around the back of the bay over there  
and there's much more diving spots. Of course, we didn't get an opportunity to do that. We are, you  
know, going to be running a little bit low on time since tomorrow we're going to be exploring more  
of the countryside of Bohol. But, if that is 
something that you're interested in when you  
come to the Philippines, here is definitely one of the spots you should come and check out, next time.
It feels a little bit haunted here.
Yeah, this part is. A lot of things are closed unfortunately  
at this time. Still probably recovering due to 
Covid. Unfortunately even some places that were  
newly built that said they were just opened, 
unfortunately are also closed. So, yeah this  
this whole pool is like just black water right 
now because it's... this whole place is closed.
it's very impressive how nice and cheerful people are here. As you may remember, in December they  
actually went through a really, really bad typhoon here and after dealing with the pandemic for two  
years, they will also went through that and it's basically destroyed a lot of things here. On the  
way that we were coming here, we saw a lot of houses were ruined. As you can see from this house  
right behind me, like the ceiling is collapsed 
and it's kind of abandoned and there are a lot  
of boats that are harmed as well. And these 
people's, positivity and the love of life,
that they are enjoying the life, is very admirable. And that's why it's very important that when you  
go to the places you, you should be aware of like what people are going through and still welcoming  
you and Philippines is one of the countries where we feel like, we are very well welcome.
I'm going!
Adios Gökçe, enjoy,
Wow!
So, Gök has the fun of going into the 
water before, while I flew the drone,  
so now I'm going to take a quick 
dip in and see how it is, (Go, go)
Oh my...
How is it?
It's really cool, like to look out 
from outside it doesn't drop off so steeply  
at the start, so you can enjoy it like 
stand in it. And it has that like nice white  
look at the beginning and then as you get 
further in it gets that nice deep blue that  
looks really, really beautiful and it is 
beautiful in the water. It's actually like  
very, very clean and I'm very impressed.
Yeah and look at people and enjoying themselves
After enjoying the beach and the water and an incredible sunset, we did a quick custom change and we are now  
ready to go out and enjoy some dinner. We're gonna head out onto the Alona Beach strip and  
we're excited to check it out because we saw how much fun they were having during the day. We hope  
that they kick it up another level at night and maybe we'll join in. 
Oh, I'm good, I'm good, I'm not going to hold it, you hold it!
All right, so one of the cool things about all these restaurants is they have the fishermen go out every single
day and  catch new fresh fish. There's other stuff that you could have here for dinner as  
well, but obviously when you're right on the 
beach, you got to do seafood of course.
We got some delicious seafood and we also have some garlic rice, of course it's like Filipino  
classic. When we tried it in Cebu with Greg and Jumi, it was so delicious so we wanted to have it again.
And of course, I got a Calamansi juice again. I love it so much and I can't wait to dig in.
They usually serve these dishes in the Philipppines with this soy sauce and also again a little Calamansi
here to pour on them. I can't wait, I'm sorry I 
have nothing else to say, I just need to start  
eating right now and I'm sure Steve is patiently waiting to eat as well. Oh, also Steve got some  
grilled prawns, we probably won't be talking 
so much, as it's not a food video, so first time...
since forever we're gonna 
eat our food warm and nice. (laughing)
Oh my God Steve, check this out ready.
They filled the fish with veggies in it  
Wow!
I'm so excited to eat this, look at this!
Wow, you're gonna try this too and I'm 
gonna dig into my garlic rice as well.
Really good, wow.
Who said  Gökçe was gonna go hungry in the Philippines?
I know, right? There's  
so much seafood that you can try and eat and like they, it's just like an incredible amount of food here.
I don't understand why people thought that way. But, I'm so glad that I came here and saw it for myself.
And garlic rice is like wow, like brilliant it's... in Turkey we make rice with butter but this is like... I'm not
gonna go ahead and say its better than Turkish rice, but I would say like definitely my second favorite now.
And just like in Turkey, we found a 
feline friend who has joined us to enjoy the fish.
Wow, you share your food? (Yes I did) That's impressive.
Well, I left some of the shrimp over 
there for you too. (Oh yeah thank you) 
I's actually pretty good.
That represents some love, if a man shares there food with you, it means a lot.
All right, we're done with the dinner and now we're gonna go walk over to the beach and uh it started
picking up and becomes so lively and we're 
so excited to see what's going on over here.
Hi friend! (making chicken noises)
There's 158 steps, so we'll see when we get to the top.
Kook how beautiful this is.
