Chinese ships are swarming a reef 
In the South China Sea
Are they sheltering from rough seas?
Or taking more territory?
Welcome to China Uncensored. I’m Chris Chappell.
Trouble is brewing in the South China Sea. 
This is Whitsun Reef. 
It’s about 175 miles off the coast of the 
Philippines. It’s also in the Spratly Islands.
If that name sounds familiar, it’s because 
the Chinese Communist Party has been building  
artificial islands in the 
Spratlys for almost a decade now. 
More about those islands in a moment. 
The recent news is, a massive Chinese 
fishing fleet has anchored at Whitsun Reef,  
causing tension with the Philippines.
In early March, the Philippine Coast Guard spotted 
more than 200 Chinese ships at Whitsun Reef.
The Coast Guard later released 
this image of some of those ships.
And the Philippine Defense Secretary 
has asked the Chinese vessels to leave.
That’s because Whitsun Reef is within 
the Philippines’ Exclusive Economic Zone,  
according to international maritime law. 
But to no one’s surprise, the Chinese Communist 
Party has ignored international maritime law. 
“China ignored the call, insisting 
it owns the offshore territory  
and that the vessels were 
sheltering from rough seas.”
Territorial claims aside, sheltering from rough 
seas sounds reasonable, right? The problem is,  
that’s a lie.
It’s a lie because these Chinese ships have 
been at Whitsun Reef since December 2020.  
That’s according to Simularity, a tech 
company that analyzes satellite images.
The satellite imagery shows that large numbers 
of Chinese ships have been arriving, mooring,  
and departing Whitsun Reef since mid-December. 
In these images from last week, Simularity 
counted approximately 200 Chinese ships,  
including some which may be 
Chinese Coast Guard ships.  
They also said that only one ship 
appeared to be visibly fishing.
And in images from March and stretching back to 
December, you can see these ships moored together.
Which is also what’s happening in this photo 
released by the Philippine Coast Guard.
As Simularity points out, the 
ships lashed together like this  
are not fishing. They’re also 
not waiting out rough seas,  
because lashing ships together in rough 
seas can damage them. So that’s also a lie.
So what are these ships doing?  Are 
they playing bumper boats? 
Are they LARPing Waterworld? 
Maybe they’re forming a fishing vessel MegaZord. 
Or doing a historical reenactment 
of the Battle of the Red Cliffs.
Or they’re getting together for a 
massive TikTok sea shanty singalong. 
But if it’s not any of those, the most likely 
explanation is the Chinese Communist Party is  
trying to occupy Whitsun Reef. Those ships will 
stay there until everyone else just gives up  
and accepts it. And then the Chinese 
Communist Party will take over the reef,  
and eventually start building 
an artificial island on top.
And that’s even more likely given that at 
least some of those Chinese fishing vessels  
are actually part of China’s Maritime Militia.
In fact, tracking shows that several 
of these Maritime Militia ships  
have been patrolling the area for the last year.
And they’re patrolling in patterns that no 
normal fishing vessels would ever exhibit.
When faced with accusations from the Philippines 
that these fishing vessels are actually part of  
China’s maritime militia, the Chinese embassy 
said, “There is no Chinese Maritime Militia.” 
Which is another lie. Boy they’re 
good at that. More after the break.
Welcome back.
If all this Whitsun Reef stuff feels like deja vu,  
it’s because a similar thing happened 
back in 2012. At the Scarborough Shoal.
There was a two-month standoff between Chinese 
and Philippine ships at the shoal. Until the US  
stepped in to negotiate.
  
“By the end of the meeting between Kurt 
Campbell, then the top US diplomat for Asia,  
and Fu Ying, China’s vice 
foreign minister for Asia,  
the US side believed they had an 
agreement for both sides to withdraw.”
But the Chinese side 
immediately broke the agreement.  
Because when the Philippines withdrew 
their ships, the Chinese ships stayed.  
And the Chinese regime has pretty much 
controlled the Scarborough Shoal since then.
When we went to the Scarborough Shoal 
in 2016 in a Filipino fishing boat,  
we could see the Chinese coast guard 
ships guarding the entrance to the shoal.
And although we were able to get to the shoal, 
Chinese ships often stop Filipino boats from being  
able to go there. The boat we were on had even 
previously been rammed by the Chinese coast guard.
So far, the Chinese Communist Party hasn’t built 
an artificial island at the Scarborough Shoal.  
They’re content to just hold onto 
their control over the area. 
But that’s not the case in the Spratly 
Islands, where Whitsun Reef is located.  
The Chinese regime has already built 
7 artificial islands in the Spratlys. 
Since 2013, China has added 3,200 
acres of new land in the Spratlys. 
One of these new islands, on Hughes Reef, 
is only 10 nautical miles from Whitsun Reef.
Three of China’s most advanced artificial islands  
are in the Spratlys as well: Subi Reef, 
Mischief Reef, and Fiery Cross Reef. 
In 2018, China quietly installed 
missile systems on those islands.
So if the Chinese regime takes over Whitsun 
Reef, which was previously unoccupied,  
it’s much more likely they’ll 
build an island there, too.  
Especially because many of the areas near 
Whitsun Reef are claimed by other countries. 
The closest occupied reefs 
are claimed by Vietnam. 
Which means Vietnam is not happy 
about the situation, either.
So this could become an even bigger standoff than 
the Scarborough Shoal incident back in 2012. 
The Philippines is now sending fighter aircraft 
over the Chinese vessels to monitor the situation.
And the Philippines defense secretary says the 
“military will also beef up its naval presence  
in the South China Sea to conduct ‘sovereignty 
patrols’ and protect Filipino fishermen.”
Meanwhile, the US has said it backs 
the Philippines in this standoff.
The US Embassy in Manila also accused China 
of using “maritime militia to intimidate,  
provoke, and threaten other nations, which 
undermines peace and security in the region.”
You know, the Maritime Militia that the 
Chinese regime says doesn’t even exist. 
But here’s the danger for the Biden 
administration. President Biden’s Asia czar is  
Kurt Campbell. Campbell is the guy who negotiated 
the failed Scarborough Shoal deal in 2012.
The Obama administration’s mistake still has 
repercussions today. “The fact that China got  
away with reneging on the 2012 Scarborough Shoal 
deal continues to undermine U.S. credibility.” 
US allies like the Philippines believed 
they had to adopt a friendlier policy  
to the Chinese Communist Party because 
the US wouldn’t be able to help them.
Meanwhile, the Chinese Communist Party adopted 
the “Scarborough model.” It still uses those  
same tactics to take over territory elsewhere, bit 
by bit. They do it all over the South China Sea.  
And on the Indian border. And the Party 
is not going to stop, because it works.
So what happens now at Whitsun Reef? 
The best case scenario is: 
international pressure mounts  
until the Chinese ships are forced to leave.
But so far, the Chinese Communist Party 
is just denying everything and showing no  
sign of backing down. Which means the 
US will likely have to get involved. 
The US has said it backs the Philippines.
But would the Biden administration make the 
same mistake as the Obama administration?  
Will they believe the Chinese 
Communist Party’s lies? 
If they do make that mistake, that 
would be a huge blow to the US  
and its ability to keep the peace in 
the region. And it would be a huge  
win for the Chinese Communist Party and its 
ultimate goal to control the South China Sea.
So let’s hope the US has 
learned its lesson from 2012. 
And now it’s time for me to answer a question from 
a member of the China Uncensored 50 Cent Army,  
fans who support the show on the 
crowdfunding website Patreon.
Ian Jackson asks, “Ahh Chris.  You're like a 
Taiwanese pineapple.  Rough on the outside,  
sweet on the inside and the 
CCP is trying to ban you.   So,  
What's the story with the CCP?  When 
will they learn that trying to ban  
something just makes everybody look at it in 
greater detail?   Didn't they get the memo?”
Well Ian, I never really thought about it before, 
but I guess I am like a Taiwanese Pineapple.  
If you didn’t see our episode about it,  
China recently banned the 
import of Taiwanese pineapple. 
But that created a huge backlash. In four days,  
the people of Taiwan bought the 
entire year's worth of exports.
And then globally, people began 
buying up Taiwanese pineapples.
So I guess that’s one bright side to the Chinese 
Communist Party’s aggressive behavior. It often  
backfires, blowing up in its face and exposing the 
true nature of the Party to the world’s people.
Let’s hope the same thing 
happens with Whitsun Reef. 
Thanks for your question Ian.
And thank you for watching. If you’d like 
me to answer your question on the show,  
join the China Uncensored 50 Cent army for 
as little as a dollar per episode on the  
crowd funding website Patreon. Visit 
patreon.com/chinauncensored for more.
Once again I’m Chris Chappell, see you next time.
