Make sure to check out my previous episode,
under the title Marcos Island, Philippines (Vlog No: 145)
As this is a continuous episode from the previous one.
I have made these visuals just to bring out something specially and unique
I hope you all will support and keep watching.
As we are about to jump many people have gathered here to jump off as well.
When we first arrived it was lunch time and now people have rushed in, anyhow I will jump too.
I'll definitely share it with you.
I'm about to jump after taking off the jacket and throwing it into the water
Not experienced jumper but still
Everyone is applauding me to jump and it's gonna be a prestige issue for us all malayalees if I don't.
How is it?  Superb!!!
It's a really good experience only jump if you are brave enough
and don't jump from height just by seeing the video.
I jumped because there are tons of people around and even had people with diving experience
I jumped on the basis of the trust to my team and friends,
and make sure to be sure before you take the risky activity in any of your tour.
And these rocks are really sharp as it can hurt you just by a small mild touch
Even my knee is scratched up.
So this is the sight here
Many did jump after us and many will do so
So we are here at Marcos Island in Hundred Islands, Philippines
As we jumped form a cave which is partially lit '
and partially dark and once you jump you can either go deep into the cave or swim outside.
The cave is really scary as it's dark as we go inside as I am not swimming into it.
And we are going outside and this is a place that people will enjoy specially if you enjoy adventurous activities.
We will see similar contents in future so
for that keep supporting and make sure to subscribe if you haven't
and make sure to like and share my content.
As most of my viewers aren't subscribed
He wanted to know if I was a vlogger
He is from Manila
Most important thing here is that they ask if we are vlogger as they spend most of their time online
And there are tons of people here from different places in Philippines
So here at Marcos Island we met two Filipino friends
I met them while swiming ahead
As we made them jump by encouraging them as they showed some fear.
We finished with Marcos Island and we are heading to another island with more activities
I hope you all loved it and we still haven't ate anything, we probably drank alot of water while diving heh
And next is under sea walk and hope you all continue to watch
So we are here at the place that provides undersea walks and this is similar to Thailand
As we will get to do the undersea walk
We are about to go under the sea to experience the marine life
We have seen this in Pattaya and we are about to do this in here as well
It's really a good experience and we have seen this in Pattaya but this is really maintained alot better than that
And you can walk alot more than you expect
As you can freely walk around without being scared.
And Thailand is usually crowded but this place isn't.
Either way I hope you all enjoyed this
This is the undersea helmet dive.
So that was a really good experience
I wanted to see if jumping into the water without helmet and jacket feels like
