Greetings, my beautiful lovelies!
Hello! It's Emmy! Welcome back!
Today I'm going to be making lumpia Shanghai.
So, if you've never had lumpia Shanghai, like myself,
they are the Filipino version of eggrolls.
So, they're wrapped in a very thin papery shell,
and inside is a combination of meat and vegetables
including onions and carrots.
And then the whole thing is deep fried and then it's
also served with a dipping sauce that can be a sweet
chili sauce, or it can be served with banana ketchup.
So, lovely Cheryle and Barbara kindly sent these two bottles of banana ketchup to me.
I have the hot and spicy and the regular.
After they saw me make my Filipino-style spaghetti,
which this is often added to.
Since I've already made the spaghetti sauce,
I thought I'd make the lumpia Shanghai
just so I can taste my sauces.
This recipe's actually inspired by my friend Jen,
and this is actually her mom's recipe.
And I will include a link down below if you want to see
a very cute video of them making their lumpia Shanghai together.
I have my little army of lumpia Shanghai already
wrapped and rolled and ready to fry.
Let me walk you through the steps of getting to this point.
So, in a large bowl, we're gonna add our ground meat --
you can use pork, chicken, turkey, or a combination of any of those meats.
Next, we're gonna add our finely diced carrots,
our minced onion,
green onion,
soy sauce,
minced garlic,
and salt and pepper.
A little bit of white pepper,
and some sugar.
And then we're gonna mix this until it's all well incorporated
and then we're ready to wrap.
So, I'm using these wrappers here. You can find them in the frozen food section
at your local asian market.
And we're gonna take 'em and cut 'em
in half along the diagonal.
This is a half batch. If you want to make a full batch
you'll want to double the ingredients.
To keep the wrappers from drying out,
you wanna take a paper towel that's a little bit damp
and place that over the wrappers while you're wrapping
so they don't dry out.
Next, we're gonna peel them apart.
You take the triangle, place it with the wide base nearest to you.
Take about a teaspoon of the meat mixture,
and spread it thinly into a rectangle.
Then fold up the sides to make a neat little pocket,
and then roll the whole thing into a nice little tight cigar.
We're gonna take a little bit of beaten egg
and put it on the end of the triangle
and then roll it up tightly.
So, at this point, you can fry them right away,
or you can place them onto a pan that's been lined with
some wax paper, or parchment paper,
and then put them in the freezer.
Once they're frozen solid, then you can
take 'em off the pan and put 'em into a bag
and store them until you're ready to fry them.
Okay! So that's where we're at now --
I've got about a half an inch of peanut oil heating up here,
I'm gonna do about medium-high heat.
And I've got a rack and another pan
to place my finished lumpia.
Next, I've got a pair of chopsticks --
whoa, almost pierced myself with that!
and we're gonna use these so we can manipulate our lumpia.
I like using chopsticks -- I feel like you can be a little bit more precise
than using tongs.
I think I actually learned this trick from Yan Can Cook,
if you take a pair of chopsticks and place them in the oil,
and see little bubbles coming from the bottom?
That means your oil's hot.
I used to watch a lot of cooking shows with my mom
and my brother on PBS on Saturday mornings,
and that's one that we always just took a break
because, it's like, why play up the nons–
Anyways, that's a trick we learned from Yan Can Cook, right?
Now we're gonna place our lumpia in there.
Oh, yes, yes, yes!
Don't wanna put too many in here;
don't wanna drop the temperature too much;
I'll put in four.
Give these a little turn while they're cooking.
Okay, that one looks done.
Alrighty! So, my beautiful lumpia Shanghai look GORGEOUS!
I can't wait to eat them.
They're nice and crispy, and...
let's have one by itself before I taste the ketchup.
Alright, here we go! Itadakimasu!
Mhm!
And that's absolutely delicious!
The outside is nice and thin and crisp.
What I like about it, it's a little bit thinner than a typical eggroll --
it's not doughy at all;
it's fully cooked and crisp.
I feel like the emphasis, though, is actually on the filling,
which is juicy, succulent, well-flavored, lots of garlic.
And while it's similar to a Chinese-American-style eggroll,
it's very different:
the size is smaller; the outside is crisper;
and the filling is different. There are no beansprouts.
And, now, the whole reason why I decided to make lumpia Shanghai
is to taste my banana ketchup.
So, this is the original Jufran.
Let's give that a taste.
Open this up...
Ooh!
And it smells just like ketchup:
vinegary and tomato-y.
Let's see how it pours.
It pours like regular ketchup too (laughs).
Doesn't wanna come out of the glass bottle–whoa!
So, in terms of consistency, this is very glossy;
it looks like there might be some food coloring there --
it's a very vivid red color --
and, it looks like it might have some starch in there too.
It's a little bit gelatinous.
Alright, let's give that a taste with our lumpia.
Alright, here we go!
Hm!!
Mhm!
That's actually VERY tasty!
I was actually very skeptical about this combination
because I was envisioning Heinz ketchup.
It adds a little bit of tangy sweetness.
It's very different than the ketchup I'd find here in the US.
Let me grab a spoon -- hang on!
Mm!
It doesn't have that spice note to it.
It tastes tangy and very tomato-y,
kind of like canned tomato.
And it is sweet, although I don't taste any banana.
Mhm.
It's more like a tomato sauce.
It actually goes really well with the lumpia.
Mhm!
And in this case, particularly served with the lumpia,
it acts more like a sweet and sour sauce.
Kind of like that duck plum sauce.
Now let's try the hot and spicy version.
(Laughs)
Alright, let's try that.
Here we go.
Mm!!
Oh, I like that!
Very similar flavor, but just a little touch of spice.
Just a touch. Just a little burn.
I like that!
Mhm!
This is definitely a ketchup with a little bit of heat.
It's not a hot sauce, although the heat is present.
I can feel it just warmly on my tongue.
That is great! I think that would be absolutely wonderful with fries.
Jufran banana sauce, or banana ketchup,
I definitely prefer the hot and spicy to the original,
but, yeah! That was nice and surprising!
Very different than American-style ketchup.
So, there you have it! Homemade lumpia!
A really simple and easy recipe.
I love the fact that you can make this in advance
and put it in the freezer and cook it up whenever you need to.
And, if you wanna see my first take on other Filipino dishes,
be sure to check out my Jollibee taste test.
Alright! Thanks so much for watching!
I hope you guys enjoyed that one!
I hope you guys learned something!
Share this video with your friends, follow me on social media, subscribe,
and I shall see you in my next one.
Toodle-oo! Take care! Bye!
Yes!
