BTS drops another highlight, and yo what the heck?
I thought it was just Taeyang day, but then BTS drops something
It's still Taeyang day to me especially shout out to Taeyang for that amazing album anyways new
Supposedly they're gonna drop like another like another one the next day and next day. Now here's the bad news
I might not be able to do a reaction video for those but I'll definitely watch it because I'll be pretty busy traveling but
don't expect a reaction video if there if there's a reaction video a video um then aye
Reaction video, but if there's not I'll just watch it on my own
It's a heads up
But I'm here now in the middle of packing if you can see I'm in the middle of packing right now if you could see
Let's get into this video let's begin hey, I'm Lauren from Alabama and Seventeen BTS
Are my faves but I stan everybody and Vernon is my bias, but play my intro
Ight, so, I heared some good things about this just more for the theory books I guess
Hopefully answering more questions, or just making us more confused, but here we go. How long is this?
Oh it's 3:20... how long? How long ago- How-how long is this? Oh, 3:30 this time last time it was like almost five minutes. A'ight, let's get into this. Let's go
Okay, I got that. I think... I don't know. I have the captions on, by the way.
the sound of an absence.. an abrupt silence I realized life's immense beauty
Just the fact that you are... and it makes  all the difference. Thank you boo!
even if this were a dream
Is it where he choose to be?
Okay, we got TaeTae and his girl. What's good Tae? Taehyung!
What? Oh, they're going back! Is that pikachu? Is this a promo for Pokemon Go? Like, last time
Okay
Oh,  I thought he was gonna hit his phone
That's the girl from last time
and Rap Monster...
He lowkey creeping tho he's creeping. Yo are you creeping tho? You creeping on her?
Yeah you is
Oh who's those two girls in the back?
Nah, maybe not really.
They're just going the same way. The same path
Oh jungkook and that girl
it's a girl playing guitar
Suga and Jungkook
Oh he's walking! No more wheelchair
He still look good tho like, what earring you can do that with all them earrings and..
[gasps of realization] oh that's that girl!
With uh... yoongi
Aw, J-Hope is just a sunrise, he's just a sunrise. He's a ray of sunshine and Jimin
That's the girl too. Oh he's videoing that girl
Yo, she good. They good
V
She got so shooked
So what's up with his diary?
Like he just gonna keep it? I guess..
Okayyy. He's putting on clothes
Oh snap
Oh...Oh! Getting suited. Oh, okay? I see you!
Oooo killem, he turned more than just a snack tho
Right yeah, just toss your phone
You have a lollipop already in your mouth. You don't need that, yeah
"when bae calls"
Awe , wait!  This is like a story what the hell? Oh shit, just more and more things are unraveling though
I'm still kind of confused let me see what y'all said in the comments someone said plot twisted of Samsung commercial
Yo, that would be freaking crazy. That would be the biggest plot twist. Why did I laugh when Yoongi fell?
I mean, it's not it's more like
He fell because his phone was there and he knows who was calling or he was expecting a call. Someone says well damn I
Want to write a fanfic now. Once again I literally had no idea What was happening?
Alright y'all time to go back into the research books start to like you know
Do a little research go back and forth you know trying to you know figure out this issue
[immensely observing video]
the awkwardness
I was  just rewatching Rap Monster's scene again um
Like I said, I might not do a reaction. I probably won't have time because of travel
I hope you guys understand, but I'll definitely watch it
Please keep me updated on Twitter if you follow me on Twitter follow me @itsjre
all my instagram you go update me there @justrandomeveryday and
Yeah, thank you guys for watching like this video share this video and subscribe
I mean, it's crazy KPop doesn't sleep - I'm like when you see every time people like look at me
You look so tired, and I'm like yeah
It is what it is I mean what am I going to say anyways to the next highlight?
Reel which is tomorrow, and I'll be flying out that early at time
So I don't know if I'll be able to do the reaction, but if there is one there is one, but anyways I
Thank you guys for watching like this video share this video and subscribe to you guys at Kcon LA and yeah
Till next time everybody keep on dreaming jreamers dream believe do repeat if you have a  dream out there put some hard work into it might just come true
Right tiny T.O.P?
He says right
bye for now
