Good morning, travelers! Last week in the Philippines! Please note, the time is 8AM not 5AM this time! 
We will show you the whole TOUR A in EL NIDO and what you will see. The main thing in this tour is the lagoons, I am not sure if it contains snorkeling but we'll see
For sure it will be amazing, so watch to the end! We will also have lunch in the boat. The whole tour will be around 6 hours I guess
We hope to return around 4 PM so you will see how much time it will take you if you take this tour
THE PHILIPPINESS
DAY 9
EL NIDO - TOUR A
We arrived at the port from where we'll start our tour. The first thing you need to do is to fulfill these forms.
Please note that this will take a lot of time, so please come earlier! They are for the environment... it's like an environment tax 
We can't tell how much time it will take in total so bear in mind that you need to do this first!
Also, doesn't matter if you are on a private tour like us
This was the Small Lagoon, which will be your first destination. You will do some kayaking, I personally do kayaking for the first time. Also, there were some small caves that you can see.. so overall was a great experience.
Now we are going to our next destination which is the Big Lagoon
Looking for a turtle...
F**K... didn't find it...
Rumi: Did you really miss it?
Yep
That's our crew....
The first man...
The second one...
The third one...
And that's our lunch!
Now, let's flip to GoPro...
A pleasant surprise from the crew...
After the small snorkeling we did while we were waiting the lunch... here is how we have been surprised... 
The fish is called: "Lady in the Forrest" :))))
Tsetso: This lady is very dangerous! 
A little sad face..
Lady fish and the snake are fighting :))
All of this is so cool guys...you should try it!
After lunch we will go to the Secret Lagoon, which will be our 3rd destination, they said that we should wait a lot there but we'll see 
That was the Secret Lagoon, our third destination. It was very beautiful... you can see the rocks they are so gorgeous...El Nido is a must! We'll show you all 4 destinations in this Tour A, so stay to the end in this video
This is our last destination Papaya Beach, it should be Seven Commandos Beach, but not really no why we are here. We will relax here as much as we want and then the tour will be over
I thought that there were 5 destinations but they are actually 4
What's up?
Rumi: It's really good
Alex: Waiting for the straw
Rumi: Yep, waiting for the straw
At the end you will get a coconut and relax...
And....whatttt???
The lens didn't open fully...
Alex: How I can remove this sand from the lens?
Tsetso: What to do with this phone?
Rumi: I will tell them what I did today...
Chris: Do you know what I did?
Tsetso: We know what.... searching stuff in your bag as usual
Chris: When?
That was from today's day travelers, that was Tour A in El Nido. Tomorrow, we will show you Tour C
An interesting fact was that we didn't visit the Shimizu Island. Please note that the tour guilds always wants to make the tour faster than they should so they are always trying to convince you that there are a lot of people in some of the places and it is not worth it to go there.
As a tip, always see the places from the programme and request to visit them all!
Another thing that happened to day is that we missed the Seven Commando Beach because "there were a lot of pepole".
Don't accept offers like: "Let's visit this island, instead of this island"
They said that in the Secret Lagoon there are a lot of people but we said that we still want to go there and there was no-one, as you have seen earlier in the video!
Also, don't forget... in El Nido... the likelihood to don't have electricity is BIG!
So travelers, that was it from today's vlog, we will see you tomorrow!
