What’s up you guys, and welcome to brand new series featuring Singaporean locals and their food culture.
Starting off with Paul Foster.
He’s one of the cast of Singapore Social on Netflix, he’s a TV host, an MC an Actor and a model.
He’s gonna take us to his neighborhood and we’re gonna try 5 different types of Singapore Noodles.
Mmm…
Woooh!
I don’t know that always just makes everything better right?
And he’s gonna be cooking an amazing and healthy version of Assam Prawns which is like a Peranakan local dish.
And then our next guest is Kyle Ravin.
He is also a TV host, an MC and he does some amazing magic tricks.
We’re gonna visit Chicks Hot Chicken and we’re gonna have a Hot Chicken Challenge.
Nashville Southern Style, and I’m telling you guys it’s the SPICIEST thing I’ve ever eaten in my life!
Stay tuned to that!
And we’re gonna have another spicy challenge which is the Ghost Pepper Noodle Challenge
Together with Kyle again and Benzo of Wah!banana.
Kyle’s gonna do some amazing magic tricks that you don’t want to miss.
And the third guest Benzo, we’re gonna go to a vending machine called Chef in a Box.
It’s like a vend cafe and it’s massive!
There’s so much selections, I can’t wait to show you that!
Oh it’s so good I finished it.
And finally we’re gonna end the series with Filipino Pandesal.
Our quint essential bread together with Filipino “Palaman” (spread)
Which is a comfort food to me that I wanna share with them.
And we’re gonna eat everything with Barako Coffee which is a strong type of Filipino coffee.
I can’t wait to share it all with you, but I think we need to get to know them a little better.
So here’s Paul, Kyle and Benzo.
Hi my name is Paul Foster!
Hey what’s up my name is Kyle!
Hey guys my name is Benzo!
I am in the entertainment industry so I do a little bit of acting, a little bit of hosting and a long time a go a little bit of modelling.
And when you combine that all together it kind of sums up what I do in the entertainment industry.
Primarily I host, I host a lot of TV shows, live events which obviously
Unfortunately hasn’t been able to happen for the last year.
Food related shows, sports related shows, travel was another big kind of thing that I used to do.
But again it’s a little bit different now at least for the time being.
So I’m focusing on a lot of content right here at home in Singapore.
I’m an entertainer, voice artist, I do magic, I host and yeah I’m an entertainer I guess.
All in one like anything.
I do corporate shows, virtual shows, cartoons, I do magic shows, yeah!
And I’m an actor here in Singapore, I do both Youtube and acting on TV as well.
Yeah, so that’s what I do.
You can check me out on Wah!Banana, I’ve been there for a couple of years.
It’s been a while, I’m currently venturing into the TV world, acting in a few dramas and yeah!
Oh that’s a very difficult question.
I enjoy all my travel shows to be quite fair so for me the 2 that really stick out is Special Delivery.
Where I got to deliver payloads to remote communities and No Sleep No Fomo.
Where I go to a city or a country with a celebrity co host and we have to finish 60 mission in 60 hours without sleeping.
So I think those 2 shows were really really fantastic experiences in given capacities but really pushed me to my limit of being a host.
Acting wise, I think I have to say there’s a few.
Mata Mata was fun, I did season 1 for them and the last episode of season 3.
SR115 was another great local drama that I was a part of.
I mean a lot of people always say but how about Singapore Social?
So Singapore Social was great that was a reality which is EDB.
But for the International experience because the crew was from America, that was really good experience.
And the fact that it’s a Netflix production, that was huge.
I knew it, I knew it was coming up!
It was a great experience they came in to film for 3 an half months.
They followed six of us, six Singaporeans that were figuring stuff out living our life.
There was no acting involved we don't have to learn any scripts, obviously they still set things up to create the scenes
To create where people could meet so that they could actually create that story line with all our lives intersecting.
But you know what, whatever I did for those 3 and half months is what I did.
It was really a snapshot of my life and I had a lot of air time with my Mom which is really cool.
So everyone loves her, and got a little bit of air time with Joey.
That transition of me living at home with Mom and taking care of my family at home
To now moving into this house here with Joey.
Great experience, loved it!
Would I do it again?
Sure!
I’ve always said that the easiest thing to do in life is to be yourself.
I know people take time to find themselves so everyone's on their own journey.
But for me I find myself very early on in life.
I was very unlucky lucky going through my life situation and circumstance.
My all time favorite was a show called Maya.
That was a full on TV special on TV that run for 2 seasons and that was 10 years ago, my goodness!
Ohh! So I’m a self professed foodie as everyone is right? Everyone is like hey I’m a foodie.
So I thought what I wanna explore different food styles and check out different cuisines
And you know share that with the world and that’s how I got into doing food videos.
So it’s out in my little channel called Makan Magic where I would do food and magic together.
Out of all I think my favorite right now is on Channel 8 called My Agent is a Hero.
It’s kind of like my first drama that I acted, usually the first has the most memorable one.
And I did it with a lot of my youtube friends and it was really really fun.
It was one of my best!
It was awesome, I never thought that I would be part of something huge something family.
I think for my self that I really cherish it a lot.
It’s a blessing to be a part of something amazing and to be able to be a part of something.
Things that you always create, we bring stories to life.
So I am Singaporean but I am Pan Asian, half Chinese from Mom’s side and half English from Dad’s side.
But born and bred here in Singapore.
This is home for me, this is where my heart is.
I’ve come to Uni and lived in Melbourne, Australia, I used to visit my family in England every summer.
Very lucky growing up, I get to travel a lot and that gave me a really good foundation of having a very global perspective with travel.
But I always find myself coming home to Singapore. 
In the beginning of my Uni days, my first reality show was when I was at Uni The Big Unknown.
So I did that on 2002 the first semester in Uni, that kind of started my career in the entertainment industry.
It’s funny how things workout and go full circle.
I was born in Singapore, I’m Singapore Indian but I tell everybody, hey race doesn’t matter.
It’s who you are on the inside, so Singaporean.
Singapore food to me is comfort food actually.
I’m using the term very loosely comfort food
Because some people think comfort food Is like burgers and whatnot.
But to me when I find a plate of Char Kuey Teow or a plate of Chicken rice
That comfortability that gives me that happiness that warmth that sense of being home.
Singaporean food is a mix of so many cultures, you got so much of a mix match of so many cuisines that are within it.
So yeah, Singapore food  home, comfort, love.
I’m Singaporean and Chinese.
I would say I'll summarize in one word it’s called Rojak.
So basically Rojak is just a dish that has a lot of random stuff
I wouldn’t say random stuff but you have like Yuo Tiao which is like a Chinese donut.
The long long one, loving that so much
You got pineapple, you got cucumber, you got “Tau Pok”(Tofu).
Everything mixed together with sweet sauce, peanuts and yeah.
It’s happy you know that like we have different race that we can understand each other’s culture.
I would summarize in one word Rojak.
I don’t even know if there’s any real Pan Asian food.
There’s no traditional Pan Asian food.
If I have to say one why not the impossible Rendang that me and my mom cooked.
Because you have the traditional Peranakan dish with the Rendang, now added this impossible meat which is something so new age.
You know this plant based protein more of a Western culture and we mix it together.
So I guess if there’s any Pan Asian food that could be something.
And the one that I cooked with Wolf Blass my Sambal Lamb Chops.
So grill the Lamb Chops very Western but then making my Mom’s Sambal, Sambal Chili.
And using that as the sauce or the gravy because I would add tomato, I would add tamarind paste.
I would make it a little bit more like curry gravy kind of thing.
It’s up to your imagination.
Favorite Singaporean food to be very honest, I know this sounds like an unwanted answer
But I don’t have a favorite Singaporean food, I like them all.
Because I’m the kind of guy that would wake up and you know what I’m craving for Chicken rice
And then the next day I’m craving for like Indian food and then the next I would be craving for Malay food.
So I don’t have a specific favorite Singaporean food because you can’t eat the same thing all the time right? So yeah!
But I would go with this dish called Lor Mee.
A noodle dish but not soup based, but it’s a great to eat with yellow thick noodles.
Egg, you got like pork belly and lots of garlic and sometimes you have like fried fish in it so.
Wooh, so good!
Wow, that’s also a very tough question.
Ah!!
Tough men so tough to choose!
I have a few different Hawkers, different dishes and different vibes on a different situations that I would go to.
For example Newton Circus even if everyone say, oh that you know it’s so cliche
Oh my god Newton Circus, but I love bringing my friends who used to  come to Singapore there.
Because I think it’s the great first step to introduce them to the Hawker Center culture.
You get a lot of great dishes there, the food there is still fantastic
Even though you know some locals would be like overpriced, not as good as you can get somewhere else.
But for visiting foreigners it’s absolutely fantastic.
Adam Road hawker center I love going there.
Nasi Lemak is awesome there, very famous their Nasi Lemak.
Prawn Noodles and Prawn Mee also very famous there.
And my little coffee shop just down the road  at Jalan Tua Kong, love all the stores there.
The one in Zion Road is pretty good too, they went on renovation at one point
So I haven’t been over in a while, but I’ve been there a couple of times
And they have some pretty good dishes.
And of course Tiong Bahru Market the hawker center above the market there, Tion Bahru.
So yeah, that’s quite a few.
I forgot what the number is but there’s so many hawker centers in Singapore right?
I forget on the top of my head what the number is but it’s like a hundred and something.
There’s never a lack of food.
Let’s look at this this way.
Favorite Hawkers spot, I would say Lagoon at  East Coast that’s my personal favorite.
Favorite Indian food I would say is Samy’s Curry at Dempsey.
Favorite Chinese food, I hope I’m pronouncing it right it's Dai Lou.
It’s nearby  near you guys by the way at Punggol Marina.
It’s amazing Zi char! Like wow, best, my favorite!
Favorite Malayan food Hjh Maimunah,
Favorite Eurasian food Quentin’s.
Favorite Home food, my home lah. Then what your home ah?
I would say my favorite Hawker Center has to be... oh tough tough!
Old airport Hawker Center, so let’s say if i have friends from overseas they come to Singapore
First thing I would bring them to is like Old airport hawker center because basically it has everything there.
You know like Chicken rice, the Clay pot rice, the Prawn Noodles, Chai Tow Kway or Carrot cake, Char Kway Teow.
Whatever you want you can find it, that’s my favorite thing.
If I was a dish what would I be?
If I were a dish
If I were a dish what would I be?
The easiest thing would be like a nice big juicy burger, beef burger or a plant based protein burger.
Solid bun with great ingredients that make up an awesome burger with your sauces.
When you get a nice balanced burger it’s just so satisfying.
Just right here, what you see what you get a nice package right here.
I would be hot plate of Devil’s Curry, yeah it is me!
Maybe something very quirky and very loud.
What is something quirky and very loud?
I would say Oyster Omelette, it’s a very quirky dish, I don’t mean that it’s very quirky
But it's like who knew that you could put oysters?
I would say loud because opening oysters is like really loud, you know when you oysters is like
Especially when the oysters are fresh.
Oohh! Men I love oysters, I love food basically.
I would love for you to support and watch our Noodle special episode
or my Assam Prawn episode or my Pandesal episode which is gonna be a mix of a few of us trying different spreads.
I guess the biggest thing that I’m currently filming which will only be on air in August is Camo Kakis.
Camo Kakis on Channel 5 where you’ll see me training in the army, in the navy and in the air force.
And I would bring celebrity guests each episode.
And will train with me we’ll do challenges we will try to become the best soldiers we can be.
Yeah so just watch Khee on youtube okay bye, thank you!
Moving on, what’s next?
Okay guys so I’ve been with Khee for the whole day today
And I have to say that this lady and her family, her team are putting together a lot of amazing content for you guys.
And it’s not just for the people of Singapore, its not just for the people in the Philippines.
It’s also for people that are, throughout the world that’s just wanna understand
Both Filipino culture local Singaporean culture and international fusion cuisines as well.
We have a lot of different guests on the show and I want to shout out to Khee’s fans
Hey Khee’s fans! Keep liking her videos keep supporting her videos
Smash that like button! 
Smash that like button!
Smash that like button! 
Smash that like button!
Smash that subscribe button!
And keep watching everything that Foodie Momma has to offer.
My name is Kyle, they call me the people’s MC, I do magic, I eat and I talk a lot!
Bye bye!
Check out our Foodie Momma, it’s a very heart warming content
Because I think it’s very nice to bring different people to come try Filipino food, Singapore food or any kind of cuisines.
And you get to know and understand each dishes you know, that you never tried before.
Go check them out on Youtube on Instagram Facebook.
Everything is just down below the link, do what you have to do and click it.
And you can just follow me on Instagram @thisisbenzo.
Yeah basically my work is everything in there, you can just hit to my IG and everything is just there so
Go check them out, click the like, subscribe and you know show the love men  show the loove!
Alright so I’ll see you guys soon.
Thank you so much for watching and love you guys, peace!
