That's not my room, the hell?
Who's room is this? Imma just put you right were you belong i guess. This ain't my room though
I'm a little confused as you are but, but what I do know is that this video is sponsored and yes
This is a good thing because I barely get sponsored (wheeze) sponsored by army amino BTS amino
Ya'll already know what it is amino
So what Amino is trying to do is to show BTS the strong power of 1 million
International army! Download the app should be counted in. And I think
They're more than halfway there like a good amount of users are using this amino app
Which is pretty dope and to be honest what I heard is that when it reaches a million is a huge surprise
So I don't really know what it is
but It's on the hush right now
The hashtag love your BTS event and guess what this is a bet is free for all armies
this event is gonna be a two-day pop-up event that's gonna be taking place in New York City so all my new your armies I
See you! You better go to this and let's celebrate so go into your amino app it should be a pinned
Topic that's on October 13 from 1 p.m.. To 7 p.m.. And also October 14 from 11 a.m. To 7 p.m.
It's on 107 North Oaks Street or yeah Street, New York City. Yeah, I get that right
I think I got that right something to look forward to.. Fan art gallery exhibition featuring works by amino army
ladies for Jimmy's 23rd Korean age
Birthday to be such a big hit you if you want to set a letter the time to send it to Jimmy you know what I'm saying
I'm just saying, he 23 Korean age
Do you know what it is since this event is focused on you?
A.R.M.Y, here's a list of things you can contribute even though you're not able to go. One get your fellow army to download the amino
app.  Two share your story. And these stories
Will be featuring an exhibit at the event and three fan art /media submissions this includes gifs digital art paintings sketches edits
aesthetics and more stay tuned for hash tag love_your_BTS right here on Amino
I won't be able to go there
But I want you guys and girls to be able to go there and have fun and just experience and just share the love
BTS said it themselves to love yourself also visit the website
www.loveyourbts.com for more details
about the 1 million army campaign express your love for BTS and last
But not least I just want to say I'm not ready for this comeback. It's gonna slay me
I think I'm gonna be slayed I think I'm gonna be slayed that's all I have in mind I'll repeat like
(lololol)
Let's begin
Why am I in the bathroom? obviously because I'm the shit
Anyways lets get into this lets go lets go come on
Oh I forgot to shave ah eff it Big Hit Big Hit BTS time
lets go come one Im waiting
Oh He's just gonna straight up whistle
That shit look like a mussical.y for a second like
Oh..
The formula to..
Jungkook's skin care routine
Damn the colour contrast wow!
The colour the- are poppin'! what like like me (?)
Taehyung!
Was good- oh!
*tries to imitate*
rip headphone users
Grab that neck boi
*scruffy* ayee J-Hope-ah
J-Hope!
I really like Rapmonster's hair
Oh them high though are piercing
Such an interesting - ooh
V though, V
Jimin, get that ish Jimin!
Okay this is where it breaks down
They always gotta do this
This something like that - ooh, slide with that boi
That was cute
Ugh his hair everybody's hair is like looking so good
The leader .. finger hearts ya'll finger hearts
The colours just pop
Okay, Jin. Jin is looking extra good
DNA
Yo Taehyung is looking good
All of them are looking good- how can
Yo Jimin though
000h get that J-Hope
oh,, oh (?)
Oh it's all connected DNA
This comeback is so different. I like it. Its interesting
Yo V
Oh fingers poppin' out like that!
Yo Jimin's lips though Im like
Jimin's lips I mean his dance moves - oh collar bone
Jungkook
He's just gonna take over
ooh- look at J-Hope in the middle though!
Did it boi
Ah
Ah
Ah
Ah
Is that a ___ shirt?
What?
Okay, we just gonna go into the back. This was different it's like a more, how do I explain this
It's more poppy, happy, dance-y
More BTS-y. so we already know how this works um..
God created the universe which all goes into
uh Jungkook's eyes so basically Jungkook is the universe the galaxies and everything and uh yeah it just makes-
Just makes sense
Right? Its like, its more poppy right? is that I don't know
Im tryna figure it out its like the aesthetics, the colours like so vibrant. The hair colours like Suga's hairs is likes the pops
Oh V though man. I was gonna say cute-sy yeah but like Rapmonster was being cute but
you know Rapmoster can do the cute ish too
Frickin Vs like. its been awesome, anyway I can go on and on about BTS but I wanna know what ya'll think
What do you like? What do you like about this MV? What was your favourite part? Who's you bias in BTS
Put it in the comments down below. Im in Hawaii Im about to be in Korea soon
Im in Hawaii just so I can go to Korea with Kenny
But also it is my parent's anniversary so I kind of  flew them here bought them a hotel
And you know just doing you know just making their whole
anniversary like memorable because it's their first time in Hawaii but ya'll
Thank you guys for watching like this video share this video and subscribe. Keep on dreaming dreaming dream believe do or be
If you have a dream out there put some hard work it might come true boo~
And yeah while I'm in Korea hopefully I get to uh meet up with BTS
Maybe do a little interview would you like that? Maybe do a Q&A with them
That'd be dope
Yeah. I don't know how, how would I be able to go ask Big Hit entertainment to do that
I don't know, maybe ya'll can help. Anyways we can go more into that later
But thank you guys for always watching subscribe to the channel and bye for now
Looking for a partner
Someone who knows how to ride
Gotta be compatible
Takes me to my limits
So girl when I break you off
I promise that you won't wanna get off
Hey! You better subscribe
0mG BtS mY LiFeeee
Seriously this man is so funny XD lolol
Subscribe
Download Amino
JRE is awesome
I had fun doing the subtitles
Only do this when you wanna waste time
3 seconds omo
~(*^*~)
(~*^*)~
~(@.@)~
bye
