Welcome to my new video
You may ask why I'm out here right out of the sand (Ref. To Previous Episode Link in Description).
I'm currently here at the field next to my house
Nizar & Adhil from Masterpiece Channel did visit me for a friendly casual gathering
Along with a couple of video preparation, as those videos will be out soon.
So we stopped at the point where I was covered with sand back in Philippines
As most of you did drop comments as if I was buried alive, covered in sand, they couldn't cover me etc.
Actually I did read through all of your comments and
I was really happy for the support that you all showed and I am thankful for it.
After that on last Sunday we (My mom and Dad's Mom)
prepared a Crab Roast with 70's style recipe.
Thank you for your support for that video as well and
I have added links for the previous videos within the description.
So we should arise from the sand as you all asked what it is.
So before seeing the rest I will explain about the treatment
We encountered the sand spa while visiting Puning Hot Spring as it was part of
The one day package for that location as they used the sand filtered from the volcanic lava
As you'll find the sand being really fine and clean yet weightless
As they prepared a large tank filled with sand and they are keeping the sand warm/hot
Using charcoal burning underneath the tank
As it's similar to steam bath
As even your bone will get warm and it's a first experience for me
They'll keep you under sand for 10-15 minutes
As the heat increases slowly while they step on us slowly
As you'll feel each point of our body getting warm as you'll sweat alot under the heat
They'll step on you since the beginning but you'll feel it more as time passes.
And they'll try to keep you cool by using the  hand held fan
It's amazing to realize such treatment exist within this world.
Next thing is we are all meant to die someday, we even have different rituals within each religion
But the way they buried me reminded me about how it'll be if we die. Specially the after-life of Muslim beliefs.
As I have said that each journey gives us new experience and lessons and this was one of them
Not going to expand any longer as we will see the rest of our episode
I'm sweating alot due to the warmth as they say it's the volcanic residue/sand
Each nation has their own method and here they use the volcanic dust
And they did say that they keep it warm manually
As if they are boiling us
And you'll see where they heat it up
And these are the spaces they use to heat the sand
And they will use both warm and cold sand to adjust before you lay
As they did try to reduce the heat when I asked them to
Next thing is they applied the sand over my face with care yet
When I asked permission to shower they said I can only do it at the place we started this trip
And they said that this treatment is helpful for skin diseases, helps in blood circulation and other benefits
Anyhow I have to trust them so we will see how it is
Yes we do have the similar treatment back home yet this is how they are treating others
And they did the same process for us
And as we are going back the people within the tribal camp waved at us
Either way I'm happy that I am white for abit
So these are filipino tribal people
And the kid got scared by seeing me
I don't think they know English.
So they are friendly and calm
 
I guess they are running away after seeing me
Atleast the older kids are fine with me
Check out his expression as he is scared by seeing me
And this kid is fine as he is quite curious
So this is their house and this is where they live
And thats their vehicle and they cook things outside\
You may see fair people that lives in fancy way but that's not the only people
As you will come across traditional and tribal people.
As they see us in awe
And they only speak few english words and I wanted to buy the kids something but
There are no stores here
I'm happy to see people like them here yet sad at the same time
Due to the fact that they have limited resource and lifestyle\
SO our vehicle is ready
So  this is our guide who was with us for thie trip
And his house is from that site
And these are his kids
So we are heading back to the point where we started
But I forgot to to show you the hot spring as that's why we started this trip
And the Sand Spa was a part of that trip
As we will see the beautiful visuals for the hot spring
as by that the hot spring episode will end
And we are yet to see more and beautiful trips
Even this beautiful, hot-spring visuals are yet to be discovered and I hope you all enjoy this.
And friends I do take alot of effort to bring this to you.
Make sure to subscribe and don't forget to like and drop your valuable comment
We'll meet again at the hot spring
Until then, Bye
