Hi everyone, this is Patrick.
In this video i want to tell you what i love about the Philippines, and Filipinos, in general.
So let's get started.
You know before I met Jess, i actually never thought about different Nationalities, let alone Philippines or Filipinos in general.
I mean, I have International friends for quite a long time already.
And I never really thought about their specific nationality, or what's different about their nationalities.
Because in my experience, nearly all the people I met, we all kind of want the same, we have the same needs so I never did any comparison.
But I have to say, after I visit the Philippines (to my shame I only visited the Philippines twice so far)
yet atleast, I hope visiting it many more times.
I absolutely love being in the Philippines, and love interacting with the Filipinos so I really want to share my personal experience in here.
So all throughout my first visit actually was really peak rainy season like all the time. Code orange right away.
I need to be honest in here, literally I can say I experienced something of a culture shock you know, I had a 12 hour delay for my flight from Germany via Dubai to the Philippines
and once I've arrived, there it was like 5 in the morning. What can I see? Flooded streets, you know. Cellphone alerts, code orange code orange.
A lot of people all around me, very busy already at 5 o'clock am.
Where here seems like everybody is sleeping that time but I think I've overcome my culture shock quite quickly.
Once I've arrived in my home in the Philippines,
everything changed, and this first impression of being like "(shock) what's happening around here?"
Wow, it went really amazing, I can say.
You know in Germany it goes a little be something like this
Our families, what you would call it is normally
Husband, wife and one or maybe maximum two children
and we have somebody over maybe it will be the parents-in-law
some friends maybe or like one or two persons max, maybe normally
but when I went to my home in there
It was my wife, her 3 siblings, the children of her siblings, their partners, my parents-in-law, everybody was around there
and a few pets.
so obviously when I first enter the house, I had this initial shyness and I think the others are the same.
Of course in the beginning you will be kind of shy, especially meeting your parents-in-law for the first time like in person
But i overcame it in like no time
You know I can say, it just felt so much more alive to what I got used to from home
coming from a single Mom household it's a little different for me anyway but I was just blown away and I love every second of it.
You know there was always somebody to just have a chat or to have a laugh or drink or whatever you know
No need to invite somebody over because
Chances are there's already somebody there who's also just right now, into mood to talk or just have a good time
Or in here, if you want in Germany, go to the mall, then of course I will ask for my friends and it will take time
But in there, no need. I have my family with me and it is so much fun you know?
All the different generations, all the different kind of topics that arise from this, the different view points, it was really just such a good experience
And it is something me personally I haven't been used to.
If you feel like having a party, of course you have your family with you
Just call "the guy" with the giant karaoke machine on his tiny motorcycle what it seems like
Go to the shop just around the corner maybe in your village or just outside your village
Grab a few bottles of Redhorse and then just lastly get your father-in-law or anybody else who feels like partying and have a good time
I think I can show you a video. It's rather embarassing so maybe just the glimpse of it.
So of course, this is just my personal experience and from my awesome family I have around here
but I can say really with honesty
Every single Filipino I have met no matter where, if it is in the shop or just somewhere anywhere around
They've been all so kind to me. So open, just funny you know? There's one thing that being kind but of course life shouldn't be boring so it's so cool if people are fun.
and I can say all the people I've been around have been a lot of fun
I am no means of Filipino expert just after visiting the country twice
But i really definitely like to go back there many times, visit the few of the different islands and not just the Manila area but the whole country itself
and meeting many many more Filipinos.
But I am really just praying, I hope next time I can manage it, to be not in the rainy season this time.. I hope.. :-)
So that's it already for this video. I hope you enjoyed it. Yeah, see you around soon hopefully.
