How To Live In the Philippines!
MUSIC PLAYING…
Hello my friends this is BobbieD coming to you from Talamban cebu Philippines  I’m having an awesome time in the  Philippines today hope you are as well wherever you're from.
Hey, today, I want to talk to you about How To Live In the Philippines How To Live In the Philippines, Yahhhh!
Now when we talk about the Philippines, you understand that this is a country where many, many people come here every year.
And they come, a lot of them come just to live. But the problem is they expect to live like they were living in the country they came from
MUSIC PLAYING….
So, I want to take a look at some things to reference so you can understand that the Philippines is not going to be like you came from.
I came from the United States and the Philippines is totally different in many many ways from the United States Of America.
And as such, I had to make adjustments. Now the problem I have is that many people come here and they get in touch with me.
BobbieD, I’m trying to find a place and nananana, and I don’t know where to live, and I give them some suggestions.
And they finally find a place they like and once they move in they start complaining
Well the dogs bark all the time and there’s stray cats all over the place and the people are loud.
And I don’t,,, and there’s pee all over,,, Yeah Guess What? Welcome to the Philippines.
The Philippines is a country that’s not like the United States.  They have a lot of things that are not developed as the United States, But that does not mean you can’t live here well.  But it’s not one of the most developed countries, okay?
So, as such, you have to understand that when you visit the Philippines, If you come to live or you come to visit, things are not going to be 100% just like it was where you came from.
And you have to make adjustments.  You have to make changes.  You have to accept the situation as it is.Now you have heard the saying that it’s more fun in The Philippines.
Yeah it is. Because it’s different/ It’s how it makes it.  It’s how you accept the change that makes it more fun.
Me for example, I don’t like a lot of noise.  But I live in a subdivision and one thing I noticed is that when you live in the Philippines,
Everybody, just about everybody’s got at least one or more dogs.Yeah!,And it makes for a very very Uh,   Noisey situation at times.
When the dogs,are out, like in my subdivision we have people walking their dogs all times of day and night. And you know when dogs get together they bark.
If they don’t like each other they just bark. And all times of day and night you’re going to find Dogs barking.  And sometimes the stray dogs run in packs.
And they, oh man when they get together, it’s a big old dog fight it’s a whole bunch of noise.
That’s just one area that you have to adjust. I had a hard tie with that.  I’m not a person that likes a lot of nose,  I like it peaceful where I can think and make decisions and talk,
And so it too me a while.  Another thing you have to get used to is this is a country that loves roosters.
Cock fighting is one of the major sports here in The Philippines and it’s legal.  But the thing about it is you could live in the best neighborhood,
And we live in a good neighborhood, you could live in the best neighborhood in the Philippines and but every morning, you get the coka doodle dooooo.
Ge used to it people.  If you coming here to live, if you comng here to visit,  you get use the noise from dogs, stray cats, stray dogs, um roosters,  you’re going to hear all kinds of noises.
Uh, and that’s just the way it is here.  Now I;m oj with the roosters, I’m okay with the dogs and I’m okay with the cats.
It took me a while, but I’m okay with it now.  So don’t expect, everything to be exactly like it was where you came from.
Leave room for adjustments, be able to make adjustments, be able to make transition.
And your life will be much better off.  You know, so when you move to the Philippines give yourself some time to adjust.
A lot of time people move here they stay here one or two months and I’m ready to go, I don’t have to stay here. And I say how long have you been here? I’ve been here two months.
Two months? That’s not enough time. You need to give yourself time to adjust.
When I moved to the Philippines, I went through the same thing.  A lot of things I didn’t like.
I didn’t like this, I didn’t like that, LisaD suggested Bob, give yourself time to adjust.
I was ready to go back home after 3 months. Hahahha.  I really was,
Because I missed a lot of the things that I had become accustomed to in the United States.
But as time went on, I learned to adjust to my new surroundings. I learned to adjust to the new situations, and I learned to adjust to the new cultural settings.
It takes time.  Nothing happens overnight.  
Okay, that’s it for now guys, this is BobbieD, saying take care God Bless and Peace!
MUSIC PLAYING.......
