hii
I just arrived at the buffet guys, and I had a quick look already and this place is insane. It's so freakin beautiful
Like I feel so out of place cuz this is so gorgeous
Do you see this there's a freaking fountain in the middle of the room in like this spiral staircase?
And then people just sit around it. It's insane
It smells so good in here as well, so let's go downstairs, and let's find some delicious food this place is so extra guys
I'm telling you what even is that I don't understand
I find that mildly terrifying not gonna lie. I really don't like it so when you come down the stairs
This is a reception area and the food sort of starts around here
So I'm going to show you guys every single one of the foods. I'm sorry for all the people so here
We've got some packing doc. This is roasted duck. This is pork. This is roasted chicken
I've got toppings for the meats then here's a little chicken soup station
So there's like chicken soup cooking right there, and then there's noodles
There's different types of cabbages for the soup, and and I think here it's like different toppings
I think you serve Franz you've got some surf rice and pork. This is insane. They've even got a whole section for dumplings
I'm gonna try every single one of these. I love dumplings. I could make this up
This is chicken feet and pork spareribs. Do I will ever look at that?
so
These are like pork pastries basically
That looks pretty good that support gets a dope ID this is ill which I've never tried before
We've got some orange chicken
Some seafood chops who I I'm not sure what any of these things are, but they look incredible
And I'm definitely gonna try a lot. I swear. There's every food that exists in the world. This is chicken adobo
I'm not even sure where that is some white rice. There's a freaking pig's head on the table who with an apple on it
If that is like the most like disturbing /ug thing that I've ever seen in a restaurant. These are a bunch of different like surprise
This is a surprise with tomato. That sounds delicious
I'm definitely gonna try that they've even though brown rice if you're feeling healthy which we're never feeling healthy by the way
I think this is a Thai food sections
These are just toppings and things - dried squid salad he actually looks really good. It doesn't sound good, but then it looks delicious
shiitake mushroom salad
Oh
They've even got Korean food. This is some kimchi. Which is one of my favorite things ever. This is some Korean fish
There's all sections like Korean foods, so we've got kimchi soup here
Let's see what the kimchi soup looks like
And you can even see the chef's cooking right now like I am NOT interested what they're making about that looks good
So this is like the Korean section, so this is the very end of this part
This is the Thai stir-fried section. I swear there were like four of these ah but it's more surf fried vegetables
I guess I don't know what's the difference between these and the other Taiwan's so that's this whole section
Let's see what else we can find on the other side. This is absolutely the same
It's like a little garden, but actually in every port
It's got a different type of vegetable different type of a salad base
So this one for example is I know how to pronounce that there's only some romaine lettuce
And then on top it's got all the toppings so this one is like onions anchovies
Croutons like different toppings for salads I've never been to a place like this in my whole life
My mind is blown more
ever
that is the
Closest I'll ever be to actually eating salad because he looks so cool that is just hard not to so right in front of it
We've got the North Indian food section. We've got some chicken curry oh
My god. I'm gonna have so much of this
I think this is a potato curry. It looks like it. This is called shrimp boilie
Any of you guys know Indian food you probably know what this is I?
Just gonna try everything and see what I like because some flatbread we put some paneer
makhani
Not sure if it's empty, or if it's supposed to look like that
This is some plain basmati rice, and I mean there's like so many things
I don't even think if I spent like two hours here. I could show you guys everything. We've got some roti in some Kurata
I don't know how to pronounce lamb if even those different types of pickle make sure to top your Indian food with and they've got
This whole section with like I don't know what these are called like cereals
Maybe I think this might be like seafood salads on this side so here. We've got all the seafoods
I'm not too great in the seafood, but that looks so easy to eat that I've actually probably eat a lot of that
We've got some mussels. We've got
Some crab. I think and on this side. We've got some more roasted chicken with vegetables
I think this might be beef with roasted vegetables as well and
With red pepper and red wine sauce this all looks so incredible, and I think that's how they make the roasted quiz right there
Which is called?
What insane amount of sauces on practically everything guys this place is just absolutely insane when I say that this is bougie
I'm not joking they've got banana flavored ketchup
And I'm not even done yet like there's a whole section here another one there another one here
And it goes all the way to the back like this so much. I am so
Overwhelmed so I think this is a pizza section Wow so this is all the pizzas
I'm not sure what this is but it looks very very good
I think it's like garlic bread with some toppings and cheese on it, so I think this is a French food section
There's going your kid got mashed potato. It's any type of potato like typical French food
I'm not entirely sure how I feel about beef tongue
But just a lot of everything and as you guys can see they're like cooking everything and then just serving it immediately
So it's like super fresh. He hasn't been sitting here for a long time and anywhere you go
Slightly terrified not gonna lie and here in four different types of passes, and I think you can just take the toppings
And then they'll put the passes for you with different types of sauces
So this is Japanese food now. This is a mixed grill of
Vegetable here, we've got tempura. This is different types of tempura. This is like katsu curry style chicken
I think it looks very very good. So this is the opens I?
Section it's some type of Japanese smoking
I'm not very culture, so I'm sorry so this is some deep fried rice
And this is some deep sukiyaki because some beef carry down the back here. We've got some noodles with I think egg on top
It's just like an egg omelette on top of noodles
It looks delicious
And there's a little section inside that the doors open and you go inside and it's basically a cheese
Section like it's got cheese's from like all over the world
So I've never even seen a cheese that looks like that so here
We've got different types of sliced meats this all looks so good. It's like I'm back in Iran
I think this might be like a pickle bar so if I've got every food pickles so here
We've got a little bread section
and
I mean little I is not really little there's so many different types of breads here first of all who's gonna have time to make
This everyday, and who's actually going to eat this they've even go gluten-free options
This is a gluten-free bread, and I think on this side
We've got some desserts, but I'm actually going to show you guys the desserts later
Cuz I wanna eat the savory food first and before I start making my plate
I just wanted to show you this sushi section because I know a lot of you guys love sushi
So this is kind of what it looks like and there's the freaking water fountain in the back
casual stuff
You know it's fresh weights staring right back at you first of all I am going to pinch myself
That this place is real and that I'm here right now because this is actually my dreams coming true
And second of all I am going to grab a plate and just eat my body weight in foods
And I'll check in with you guys in just a second. I'm sorry
It's a little dark in here
But this is what my table looks like I mean I did get a lot of things
I'm gonna start with the orange chicken, which is the thing that I've been dying to try?
That is just unbelievable
Disneyland better watch out cuz they're coming for the happiest place on earth
I'm gonna go into the dumplings. This is a pumpkin and prawn dumplings
And this is a spinach dumpling which is got a very interesting color
I
Would normally occur to the pumpkin one, but actually the spins
To say some more interesting like a different flavor so time do we want the Korean?
I love kimchi, so I'm excited to see it as soon as any good
It's good like a good punch to it very very and this is the crispy squid
He doesn't look like squid, or is it just me like to me doesn't look like it
It tastes like like gummy bear squid flavour, this is the Korean barbecue chicken
My these are the shiitake mushrooms
I don't know who's thinking with us, so I feel like committee
If you like my mouth is traveling the world because now we're gonna go into Indian food
So this is a chicken curry, and I'm sorry if it's getting progressively
Lauren
So this is the vegetable curry I didn't get it with any rice or anything because otherwise I'm gonna run out of here
It is very similar to the chicken one for just weighted potatoes and our very last stop on our trip to India
We've got this powerful cereal. Let me know if anyone's from India with the name of business
Is here ought to your name one of those
And this is an Indian style of barbecued chicken
You guys come here, I recommend trying the Indian barbecue chicken instead of the the chicken curry, so this is a mixture of the Japanese
Italian
French food, I think this is pizza with sausage on it
The cheese and the toppings are good, but there's no tomato sauce in this pizza. I actually like it like that
I've got no idea how I'm gonna have space for dessert now this pizza actually has some tomato sauce on that, huh?
He actually tastes very similar to New York style pizza
Just always it was so a quick trip to Japan and I think this might be the character chicken
Know my favorite so this is like a gym for us quit ringing
So this is the prawn tempura it's huge the good size of line is like a giant fraud
Is like a prawn flavoured cloud it's so so soft now
This one is actually bread with some mushroom and cheese on top. It's like a garlic bread
It's got pesto in it as well
And the very last one of the savory foods before we going to dessert
We've got some sushi um I forgot to get some soya sauce so this is going to be a very sad Sutra movement
It is people and not you affectionately is I'm gonna finish my meal now guys and I'm gonna try to leave some space for
Dessert and I'll check in with you guys in just a second say this time for desserts
Let's see what they've got here
This is some banana and Sarah not sure what these are
But I need them on my plate and also in my stomach. I didn't really see the ice cream
I really want to get the mango ice cream, but I'm so cool. I think these are jellies
I think that's beans and there's more jellies on the other side
We've also got a good selection of fresh fruit
So I think all these cakes you're supposed to put them on a little stake and then dip them into the chocolate
Oh, we've actually got some here already taped and here we've got endless amounts of cakes
You can use it on camera, but the creme brulee looks amazing
And I think these are all desserts from friends, and as if that wasn't enough live sugar some more cakes here in the end
And this is
Sugar feels so great yes
Let's go for sugar that's out there, and then a little bit of the partner. Yeah, yeah
That's too much juice Gigi answer no that's option when you put cheese on them I will
So you just eat it play
Put your boom box
I'm gonna stop filming so I can carry this at the table, but these are my choices for desserts
I feel like it means solid choice. There's a lot of different things a lot of experimental things as well
I really hope I like this so here
Call my dessert might I am very cold, but I'm doing this muesli for the video honestly
I'd be happy with going home, and I still would have enjoyed this experience
It's lemon flavor which I didn't expect if I knew it was lemon flavored I would have really no garden headphone
This is the little lamb basically this man was telling you how to eat it
I think he was a local so he was explaining to me they put cheese on top of it to this musically dessert
That is a root sweet cheese on top and a few were there talking was including butter
I think it's really one of those things that you have to sort of like grow up eating that so you're used to the flavor
Because when you try it like later in life, it's like wow I never tried anything remotely close to the hype bump
It's you know. It's not it's a little but it's just different
It's very doughy it does taste like a giant slightly undercooked pancake, which I like
It's no molten that I find something that I've actually ever tried or heard of before and this is a chocolate
Creme brulee, and I just didn't know it was a thing
Nice worth going together desserts alone
Now the creme brulee the normal one is going to be sad after this because that was a religious experience
These also looks like what are my miniature food videos like a miniature lasagna?
You know
It's still pretty good
I almost we haven't tried my weird ice cream cornflake jelly creations now they it's melting it looks even worse than they did before
It's very very good oh
My lord I actually came up with something amazing
Jelly strawberry jelly with cornflake it is kind of
everything
I honestly loved this place even though. It was incredibly awkward to film this video
Staring at me it pulled it through very good
And that was it for this video guys. I really hope you guys enjoyed it if you did
Please don't forget to give this video a like if you want to watch more only key to eat buffets
Maybe I should do a worldwide series of holy candy face if you'd like to see that
Please don't forget to give this video a like
I also do forget to subscribe and switch my notifications on it obviously means a lot to me because it means that you are
Enjoying my videos and you want to watch more. I love you guys, and I will see you on my next video. Bye. Bye
