How's life treating you?
- Hawaii is beautiful. I feel relaxed
and I don't care even if I put my 
t-shirt opposite, just sunset and beach.
Two teams of three creative people each start 
in Berlin and travel in opposite directions.
One team goes east 
the other one goes west.
They want to make it to the other side of the world -
Japan, only by traveling from one friend to another.
So the most amazing thing
here, we saw turtles.
I almost freaked out. A week ago 
we saw a bear and now we see turtles.
They were just
chilling at the beach.
So we went snorkeling and then
the turtles were swimming with us.
Absolutely so cute watching Yvonne and 
Panos swimming with turtles and stuff.
Seeing how excited they were and
happy they were was really beautiful
because that's what the sea does to me. 
It makes me happy and brings out the best of me.
So the power of friendship brought us to
Hawaii, and what else we're gonna do?
We're go for a little surf 
and we have a professional here.
I surfed like all day
and it was beautiful.
Absolutely beautiful.
Mike was trying to help us out a lot
although he was very busy with his work.
So I was getting a little nervous
about it because our visa was expiring
on the sixth and on the fourth we still didn't 
have fixed plans but then I called him
and said: Hey Mike, really
 we have to find a solution.
He ended up finding his friend Melo who
said yes and that we could come visit him
but he was on the other
side of the island.
So we woke up really early, got a 
train ticket from Sanya to Haikou.
So we just got to Haikou and
 we're gonna meet up with Melo
but then we were getting to his work and we 
realized Renata had left the camera at home.
So I ran back to grab it, so got that
 but now I have no idea where I am
and the girls are not responding so 
yeah, just kind of lost in Haikou.
We're gonna meet our next host
 so we're gonna meet him here
and I have no idea how he looks
like so it's gonna be a surprise.
So funny to be here waiting 
and feeling a little bit anxious.
Anytime - oh! 
He arrived.
How're you? - Hi.
My name is Melo. They call 
me  around here Melo.
And what I do in 
Haikou? I'm a bass player,
and a frontman of 
my  band "Gone Wild".
This is Mike, my drummer.
- Hello. Mike the drummer.
The captain.
In Sanya, I was wearing this inside and everybody who sees or somebody like sees is this one in one shop
like Melo is here! Yeah my favorite
character is Captain America.
All right. I've been walking now for about an 
hour. I feel like I really know this city now.
I'm covered in sweat because 
it's really hot here but yeah
welcome to Haikou. I found 
this cool little dragon statue.
So these are what the sidewalks look 
like here, just bike bike bike bike bike.
It just said Starbucks so if it's
not, I'm gonna cry probably.
No joke this is not the right Starbucks,
 you can't even make this stuff up.
I'm definitely getting the feeling that
I'm walking in circles now at this point.
I've seen that dragon before. Just past
the hour and a half mark of walking around.
Finally gonna see the 
girls and our new host.
Got to meet Melo and Mike and they were so much 
fun. They are so much like my friends back home
that are Filipinos so it was really I don't know, 
just awesome to see them and hang out a lot.
So we are at Chucky's and that's where Melo is playing with his band so we're gonna see how his music is.
Hi, welcome to Chucky's.
- Thank you
Melo was such a fun, interesting and an awesome 
guy as well. He made us have a blast with him.
Such a fun and welcoming
 and heart warming night.
Can you tell me something 
about him that no one knows?
He's old?
Good heart. If you had a fight with him, 
it means you have the problem, not him.
Melo and his band were phenomenal, we had a 
lot of fun watching them, just a blast hanging out.
And it's awesome when we only 
get a little bit of time with the host
and they want to make
every second of it count.
So Melo is one of those guys that's like - he's 
so crucial to the journey and so important
and we had such a blast with him even 
though it was only for a few hours.
And it's cool when the friendships
 get warm and get really deep.
Well I'm going to send you guys to
Philippines to one of my good friends
Chris, his name is Chris. Should I say the story? - Yes, 
please continue! Not many people know about him
as his real self, you know. Because he 
stayed in our house for a long time.
He became our family, 
he became my brother.
You guys are amazing.
Yuujou - I love you guys.
Definitely one of my favorite days
of the journey was yesterday.
I love jam-packed days, they're awesome.
When we wake up in the morning
and have no idea what's gonna happen, 
where we're gonna go, who we're gonna meet
and then by the end of the day we've 
met an amazing person and have a trip
on to the next place and like 
everything is working out.
Yuujou Gone Wild!
We have these Yuujou challenges, and one is going to a wedding. So we got here to Hawaii and it was kind of
our last chance to really complete this
challenge. So what we did is we called
every wedding planner we found online here in Hawaii and we just asked if they maybe have a wedding
the next few days and if we can 
like come as guests and everything.
So she really likes the idea, she 
doesn't know if the couple wants us.
The couple is actually two
females. So I don't know,
we don't know. It's very random she said.
What I'm asking, it is very like unusual.
We will see. Wedding!
So anything I think which has been frustrating for me 
is that I've reached out to so many local people here
that I've seen and I've said hello to. I've 
said: Hey do you live here, blah blah.
And it's not like Brazil I don't know it's
just so hard to break in and they seem
like willing to talk to you and stuff like that 
but not go that extra mile and hang out.
I'm like: Hey man, since you're 
local and stuff, and not even local,
since you're around here,
will you be keen to do stuff?
And they kind of come up with these 
lame stupid excuses to be dead honest.
No!
Yes! We made it!
Just look, if we just open it and 
carry on. - And end up where?
With this car? 
It's so low.
Nah man, look at 
this road, it's fine.
Let's just go from the 
normal street. I hope so.
Do you want to go from the 
illegal street? I don't mind.
This is so annoying.
I kind of feel that now. I'm exhausted. I'm not exhausted that I'm tired but I am kind of full with experiences.
I realized that after 86 days, my brain 
is like full with all these memories
and experiences and I mean 
it's amazing but it's just a lot.
So we're doing a sound healing right now with Eric.
I have never done something like this in my life.
And then we ended up 
like on the roof of a hill.
He's playing all these instruments, Tibetan 
and stuff, like all these beautiful sounds.
And it was just an amazing trip, you 
really could travel through his music.
I really liked it and I feel 
really calm after it.
So we are going to meet Carly right now 
after, somehow a week. She was so busy.
And we were gonna meet up in a 
restaurant and finally we're gonna meet her
and maybe she can find 
us a way to go to Japan.
Hi my name is Carly. I've been 
born and raised here in Hawaii.
I'm 19 years old and I'm currently
 a student at UC Berkeley.
She's very sweet, very proud of her
 island, which is amazing I think.
And she came with her mother, they showed us 
this restaurant where they have Hawaiian food.
Then she showed us her high school.
This is my high school
and it was a school
started by the princess Kaʻiulani and it's a learning institution for the Hawaii native-born children.
It's fully funded I guess by the princess and she
bequeathed all of her royal endowment to our school
and it's just to help Native Hawaiian 
children succeed in the western world.
So we have classes here
and it's high school.
It's a really important high school for Hawaii
because it's a heritage of the princess
and it was a really great school actually,
my high school was not so good.
We are in the Philippines which is 
crazy, we are getting one last country
before Japan. Definitely did not expect
ever to be here so that is awesome.
We are having a blast here. It got really
past quickly from Melo to his friend Chris.
So we are about to meet up with Chris 
and his friend Glenn at this Filipino buffet.
We met our host last night and that was so 
much fun. He's also a singer in a band
and he's covered with tattoos and his friends
were there as well and we had such a good time.
Hey my name is Chris or Christopher.
I'm 41 years old and I'm a musician and a 
driver and I live in Quezon city, Philippines.
Got to try some really interesting food, some of it I never would have expected it to be food but it was really good.
One of them was the Sisig. - As you can see 
here that Chris is mixing it up with the eggs.
So this is composed of onions, face 
of the pig, knuckles, different parts.
All over the pig.
Good? - It's good. And it's crunchy,
I didn't expect the crunch.
We're about to eat balut which is
one-day-old chick out of the egg.
So we're gonna crack it - abortioned egg - and we're 
gonna eat it with the beak and the eyes and the blood.
And everything, and love it. You sprinkle
a little bit of salt before you eat it.
Good luck. - And 
now you just crack it.
You have to drink the soup. - Wow.
Oh my god. That's just juice.
This is the balut juice, you 
put out the thin layer of skin.
Oh my god that's the brain. - Where's 
the salt? No that's not the brain.
You can lick the salt off your
finger. It's gonna be good.
It's good. Okay drink the juice.
Is it good? Yeah it's pretty good.
I, lucky, was filming so I was like: I'm filming.
I don't have to eat this. Watching those faces
it was so much fun, because 
those faces were like: Oh, ah!
Don't eat that first! - I don't 
wanna eat that. - No you eat that.
Don't smell it, you can 
put salt if you want to.
Good job, man!
No sweat right? - No sweat. 
Thank you guys.
Congratulations. You are 
now officially Filipinos.
We are for a wedding here. Here is our 
wedding planner. Hello June! - Hi there.
This is Debbie, 
my photographer.
So what are we doing now? 
- Drawing a heart on the sand.
There were only two more
people. So the two women,
then the daughter of one bride and her
granddaughter. So we were standing
there waiting for the ceremony to begin, and
then the photographer came and she was like:
Oh you can't stand there, you have to
go over there. So we had to walk all the way
to the back and we were so far away from 
the ceremony, we didn't see anything.
Check it out guys, that's where they 
are, and that's where they are.
Stalker on the wedding.
We were a bit far away. Like 
that was the bad part of it but
it was a great experience, having this view,
two brides and this love between them
and June was amazing, like the ceremony and the wedding planner. She's just an amazing woman.
And we were glad that she helped us with 
succeeding on the challenge of finding a wedding.
I hope you like the new video that you
have just seen and if you want to see
more, click here or here. Don't 
forget to subscribe to our channel.
