Hello everyone, welcome to Off To Bliss.
18 months in the Philippines and a pandemic later,
we wanted to take stock with you in this vlog.
On the program, moves, work, projects, the future of Off To Bliss, travel.
And yes you will see, we had not told you everything ...
Excuse me ...
Yes Noel?
Ah shit ...
Don't forget to subscribe to the channel. Little blue thumb if you liked the video.
The little bell to be notified when there is a new video.
Thank you for supporting us and bringing this project to life with us.
Please feel free to comment on the video.
Now is the time to take stock of our 18 months here in the Philippines.
We will first do a little reminder of the facts for those who are new to the channel.
We arrived here in the Philippines in January
2020 between the eruption of the Taal volcano and the Covid epidemic.
We had a small opening of a few weeks.
We arrived on January 16, 2020.
Everything started very well for us. I find work. Noel started his career here.
It started very strong for him.
And then patatras, mid March 2020 ...
Everything collapses ... it's chaos. We are entering the longest confinement in the world.
It lasted from March to October 2020. But we are holding on, no matter what.
We didn't do anything during the summer.
In September, I start my new job here in an
international school . I give online courses to French-speaking students.
Initially, it was thought that the distance learning courses would last only a few weeks or a few months.
In the end, they lasted the entire school year.
At the end of August, we move from our first residence in Makati
to a new Residence in Paranaque, south of Manila.
It was much easier for me in terms of work and travel.
In the end, it was a big mistake ... We'll explain that to you later in this video.
In October, the health situation is slowly improving.
We can finally get out of Manila. We went to visit the Taal volcano.
If you haven't seen this video, the link is above.
In November, a typhoon hit much of the Philippines.
It was my first personal typhoon
At the end of the year, in December, we returned to Belgium.
It was planned at the base that we return in mid December and we were able to return.
The airport is empty. Few flights.
A return that was very strange in a Belgium paralyzed, almost at a standstill,
hit hard by the second wave.
Today is Christmas's birthday. December 26!
Very fun birthday in Belgium. Lots of things to do ....
We are discovering Brussels in Covid mode ...
The work of the pedestrian area in Brussels is still not finished ... After 5 years ... In the end,
we haven't been able to do much. We saw our families.
We had a more or less normal Christmas but it was not very fun ...
We were still able to attend the birth of my beautiful nephew Viggo
and meet Noel's very pretty niece, Kaya.
These two births ended a year 2020 complicated for everyone ...
The return to Manila in January was quite complicated since in the meantime the variants
had appeared, in particular the English variant.
The Philippines had closed its borders even to people
who had a work visa.
All European countries were concerned, France, the Netherlands, ... except Belgium ...
So I had the chance to be able to return here on January 3 without problem ...
Since Belgium was not in the countries banned by the Filipinos. Country too small?
It was very weird because even Luxembourg was on the list ...
I did not understand well ...
Fortunately otherwise I was going to have to stay in Belgium and give my lessons here.
And with the jet lag, I was going to have to teach at night.
As an anecdote, in the Brussels-Dubai plane, there were 15 people in all on the plane.
We flew almost empty.
Not top level in terms of carbon footprint ...
I will have to ride a bicycle for 30 years to compensate ...
Not to mention the mythical quarantine in Manila, while waiting for the result of our PCR test.
We spent two days in a hotel with very special taste and luxury ...
I will let you admire the unique photo that I took of this magnificent hotel establishment.
In February, we had a little Valentine's Day with Christmas
in a very beautiful Palace in Makati.
The video link is above.
It is in March that things are jostling for us.
At the beginning of March I was interviewed by a Belgian journalist who wanted to have
our feelings about the situation here in Manila after a year of pandemic.
It was also quite nice to take stock with him.
At the same time, we also had the opportunity to travel
within the Philippines.
We went to the island of Boracay for a few days,
which is a bit of a Filipino Saint-Tropez.
We also made the decision to move again and return to Makati.
Life in the Residence in Paranaque was a bit complicated.
We explain why later in this video.
I also had to find an apartment well located
in relation to my work because my work is not located in Makati.
It's roughly seven or eight kilometers from Makati.
And a lot of trips.
So we had to find a happy medium, that is to say a nice place
here in Makati but also an accessible place for me and my work.
We therefore begin the visits of a series of apartments that Noel
had selected in a small area of ​​Makati.
With good and less good surprises It is
not always easy to find an apartment here.
Even if the supply is quite abundant at the moment
because many expatriates have left Manila with the pandemic.
So there are a lot of unoccupied apartments.
This allows you to negotiate the prices and lower the price by 15-20% if you negotiate correctly.
Finally we finally find our happiness at Residence The Beacon
We find an apartment with one bedroom with an office space, storage, a beautiful kitchen
We decide to take this apartment and we would normally move in at the end of March.
And then as always, when everything seems to be going well ...
It's the tragedy ...
Excuse me
ECQ = strict confinement
I thought I would
not relive a confinement here. But yes ... We were re-confined around the 20th March
For a period of more or less 4-5 weeks.
The problem was that our move which was scheduled for the week of March 28 had to be brought forward
because here it is forbidden to move during confinement.
We can't move. You stay at your home.
You just go out to get food or medicine.
Anything that is moving is prohibited.
There are checkpoints, identity checks ...
Here, we do not laugh
And woe to you if you defy the prohibitions of Filipinos.
We therefore had to negotiate to be able to move our move forward.
And there things got complicated.
Noel had to negotiate with the new residence and with the old residence
so that we could move our business quickly.
They didn't want to. They didn't want us to
move on a Sunday.
You had to move on Saturday or another day but not on Sunday.
In the Philippines, Sunday is sacred. We don't move ...
If we can't
move on Sunday, when do we do that? We work weekdays.
The weekend is the only time you can move.
Especially since we only have to move 5 cases ... and 3 suitcases.
After 40 minutes of negotiations, a solution.
We already wanted to move business tomorrow, urgently.
The young lady didn't want us to move these things on Sunday.
Noel even rang the manager.
Blocking.
So we contacted the new apartment in Makati
to ask for permission to move this Saturday.
A nice afternoon is shaping up ...
All is well, it's very complicated here at Azure.
It is for this reason that we are leaving! Because we are fed up with this atmosphere.
And they create problems all the time ...
Administratively, the Azure residence has a problem.
Everything that was administrative was problematic.
To move, you also need a relocation authorization form.
But you must also obtain another form to have proof that you have
paid for your electricity, water, ...
We will see the second person in charge ...
Attention, our misfortunes are not over. There is another procedure ...
You have to see another person ... Already three people to see to move 5 cases.
Ah we were wrong, it is not here. We move again.
We
therefore obtained authorizations from 4 people to be able to move.
It is complicated. You have to keep calm and stay zen.
In the Philippines, everything is working out but it may take a little longer ...
Before moving from our old residence, I wanted to show you around it.
I have not yet had the opportunity to present it to you.
This residence is therefore called Azure.
It only has Azure in name! You will understand why ...
What is the link between this video and Paris Hilton?
We did not live with Paris Hilton, but
we did live with her.
Indeed the Residence Azure is part of the real estate company of Paris.
So we can say that we lived for a few months in the Residence of Paris Hilton in Manila.
She had also come here in Manila for the inauguration. In 2013 or 2014.
It was very fun this Residence.
Parties every night with djs, lots of people, full pools, ...
We drank, we had fun ...
It was really really great.
Azure Residence: 5 stars!
You do not believe me ?
Yes I know I lie very, very badly.
The images you saw were before the covid ...
The atmosphere in Azure looks more like this.
It really was hell. We have lived in a few residences in Manila.
It is perhaps the most beautiful residence but on the other hand it is the worst in terms of
atmosphere.
A lot of surveillance of the occupants of the residence by security.
That's the problem with Azure. It's security at the entrance. It's too strict.
Attention, we will pass the checkpoint number one ...
As soon as you leave the residence, they note it. Everything is noted. Entrances and exits.
Noel really appreciates this police check ...
For months we couldn't invite anyone.
Lots of conflicts and tensions with them.
During the first lockdown in March 2020, it was even worse.
They forced people to stay in the apartments. Prohibition to take the air.
Moreover, when you walk in the Residence,
you come across guards all the time, even with dogs.
It is quite special. It's too safe.
Paris, come back!
Oops, I almost fell ...
Okay, let's stay serious. Little visit to the Azure Residence!
Let's go!
We will start with the roofs to get an overview.
It is quite impressive!
There is a whole space on the roofs, on the rooftop.
The highway passes in front.
There are actually two freeways: the Skyway at the top and the Expressway at the bottom.
The Skyway is more expensive at the toll.
And then around us, quite poor neighborhoods.
There is a gap between this rather luxurious Residence and the poverty that surrounds us here.
In the distance, we see the buildings of Makati.
There is a lake in the distance.
You can even sit there here.
Each residence has its own rooftop with the same facilities.
We realize better the gigantism of this Residence.
Azure Residence is made up of 10 buildings.
At full capacity, Azure can accommodate 15,000 residents.
But following the pandemic, many people left the Residence.
Each building is named after a famous beach.
Ours was Maldives.
There was Rio, Santorini, Boracay, ...
We can see other elements of the Residences. The swimming pools.
And then there is a very large swimming pool.
Let's go down.
There are 4 pools in all here including a huge pool. I had never seen such a large swimming pool ...
Incredible. A small lake in the middle of the residence.
This recreates a small piece of sea with a real white sand beach.
It is quite impressive.
But we were not able to test the facilities because because of the pandemic everything was closed.
There is a whole promenade for jogging.
Here is the swimming pool. Only for swimming.
There is even a basketball court.
We show you here the fitness room where I tried to lose the 10 kilos taken following the chocolates brought back from Belgium in January.
We brought 10kilos with us ...
There are even small shops, restaurants ... It's like a small town.
But the downside is the location of the Residence. You are very far from Makati.
We can see it here. Azure is in the distance.
And you have to come to Makati take taxis or trains to shop or eat out.
In Paranaque, you are in the middle of nowhere. Not a lot to do.
Finally, we were able to move ...
Christmas trick to easily transport the boxes. Let's go.
5 minutes to move the boxes. It's quick. We have help. Thanks to them.
It is not a good idea to move with the trunk of the car open.
The driver didn't want us to go with him and the checkouts.
He wanted us to take another cab. But Noel negotiated.
We gave a little more money ;-).
After 7 months in Azure, we are finally leaving this Residence.
The railway line passing through Manila.
We arrive in our neighborhood.
The new Residence.
Apparently the guard is unaware of the move.
It is always the stress of moving to the Residences.
They don't like the elevators being blocked with checkouts.
Even for 5 minutes.
All the cash registers are in the apartment.
Not bad the view.
We end the day with a good Japanese beer in the Japanese district of Makati "Little Tokyo"
In our vlogs, there is always a little food.
We show you the best sushi in the neighborhood.
Very good Japanese restaurant.
The sushi is delicious.
It speaks for itself.
We are leaving you here.
I will make a video next week where I explain the situation here at the level of the epidemic.
and on the possible reopening of the country to tourism.
