hey guys and welcome back to Tastes Seoul
Good. so today I am near hyehwa station
in Seoul at what is called a little
Manila. so every Sunday afternoon
thousands of Filipinos come to this area
to eat their local Filipino food and buy
some local Filipino snacks and other
items. so we're gonna go check it out see
what's available. have a little lunch and
explore what's available in the Philippine
market in Seoul. if you're new to our
channel go ahead and click that
subscribe button as we do upload every
single week and you don't want to miss
out. the Filipino market is open every
Sunday from 12 to 4 p.m. to reach the
market go out of exit 1 of Hyehwa
station. walk straight until you see the
line of green tents. you can follow your
nose as it leads you to the freshly cooked
food just waiting for you. the market
gets busiest after 2 p.m. when hundreds
of Filipinos leave the nearby
Catholic Church. so much delicious to
look at i wasn't sure which to try
first. but I went for this skewer of meat.
when I asked for the name she just said
barbecue. so she said it's a little bit spicy, so
let's check it out.
really nice. so i think this is pork. it's
got a little bit barbecue sauce on it.
she said it's a little bit spicy. but I'm not tasting
any spice. it's just that fatty pork
that's been grilled. it's really nice.
if you're a Filipino living in Korea or and
even if you're just wanting to explore a
bit of Filipino culture, this market is
for you. the food is hot and fresh and
reasonably priced. you can also find canned
goods, toiletries, and more in the market.
this seller was selling her homemade
food in the market. and for only six
thousand won
I was able to get rice as well as two
main side dishes. the dishes were a
variety of meats and vegetables. I went
with the pork adobo as well as a piece
of grilled chicken.
I added lumpia to my meal for an extra
1000 won. the lumpia was fresh and crispy
and stuffed with vegetables. the adobo
was tender and full of flavor. the
chicken didn't have much meat and was a
bit dry. next time I will skip the
grilled chicken and try something else.
however for only 7,000 won I had a
complete meal which is quite filling.
what goes better on a hot summer day than
some coconut juice? i just bought this for 1000 won.
let'ssee how it is. very sweet. it's says it's actually from Thailand.
It's refreshing on a hot day.
although the market is quite small, there
is a wide variety of foods being offered.
walk to the very end to find some
freshly made Filipino desserts.
i've just ordered some dessert to complete my
meal here at the Filipino market. so i've ordered
this banana critter type thing. so it's a
banana that's been wrapped in pastry and
fried right here outside. and covered in some
type of sweet sauce.
so there's the type of sweet, cinnamony type of glaze on the outside. inside
is that cooked, mushy banana and the
outside is some type of dough.
it's sweet but not too sweet. i think it's  a
good Filipino dessert. for those of you that are
braver than me be sure to check out the
balut eggs. these eggs contain a whole
duck fetus and they're not for the faint
of heart.
so I just bought this for dessert. I
don't know exactly what it is. I asked
the woman she wasn't sure how to explain
it in English. she said it was a type of
porridge. so I'm assuming some type of
rice based dessert. should say it's sweet.
taking a look at it I can see it looks
like there's banana pieces as well as
some type of maybe gelatin balls. i'm curious.
let's check it out.
haha
all right. so it does taste kind of like
a porridge. it's sweet.
it reminds me of cream of wheat. for
those of you from America, you might know
cream of wheat. so it's got a very grainy
texture. i didn't really taste banana. it tastes like potato of some sort.
yeah the gelatin balls aren't bad. overall, it's
not my favorite dessert.
yeah, so this cost about four thousand
won.
it's definitely not something I would purchase
again.
it's very sweet. if you like cream of
wheat, you might love this. if you like
oatmeal, you might like this. however as a
a dessert, I'm just not a huge fan of
it. this doesnt mean it's not good, just not my
flavor.
alright guys, so that ends our trip here
at little Manila in Seoul. if you're in
Seoul on a Sunday afternoon, I
recommend checking place out. if you're
not familiar with Filipino foods, it's a great
place to try some out for a very cheap
price. all right so that's going to end
this video. if you like to be sure to
give me a big thumbs up. go ahead and click that
subscribe button as we do upload
weekly videos on Korean food life and
culture. all right. thanks so much for
watching. have a great day and I'll see
you later.
