Sunny: Oh my God
Vi: Wow you can see the face
Sunny: Vi do you actually like this fertilized duck egg
Vi: Of course I do
Sunny: How old were you when you first tried it
Vi: Five years old
Sunny: Do you think that safe is that child abuse
Vi: No!
Today on the best ever food review show we're eating fertilized duck egg in two different countries
Now, in the philippines they called it Balut,
 right here in Vietnam. They call it, Ahh
Vi, what do the call it?
Hot Vit Lon!
Right so tonight Vi is going to show me everything I could possibly want to know about
Fertilized duck egg in Vietnam, but first let's jump over to Cebu city in the Philippines
the Philippines post a huge number of Street Foods loved by the locals
But perhaps none is more popular or notorious than Balut
Balut is a fertilized duck egg. This tasty treat is eaten all over Asia, but every country has their own special twist
Today, we're having the ultimate Showdown between the Filipino balut and a vietnamese version called Hot Vit Lon with a couple surprises
Thrown in what is going on in my mouth. Let's get started
Eggs are always a fun gamble in the Philippines you never know
What is inside it could be any various animal you could have developed any various age. We're not sure except here
They've added some clarity these blue ones are the duck egg. This is the balut and
What they've done is they put the number of days that's been developing on the egg pollute
it can be anywhere from like 14 days to
1819 days obviously the more time it spends in there the more starting to look like a real duck
I only see 16 days and 18 days
I did make a balut video before I believe that one was only around 14 or 15 days
I mean, that's not that extreme. It's not that hardcore. This is what the show is about. We're pushing ourselves to new limits
Yes, I've tried balut. I tried the younger version and now it's time to try its older brother
The 18-day version of balut what I'm going to do, right?
Now is I'm very much going to impress everybody watching with my balut eating skills, and I will eat this with no problem
Just like a local person you want to crack the top and then you sip the soup
Good and the eggs are worn by the way all these eggs are warm. So at least you're not eating like a cold
Beat it
You're eating a warm fetus. It's a brings out the flavor the heat really brings out the flavor from there
We're going to chip away at in revealing the loveliness that is inside
And this is really what balut is known for it's just for a really beautiful
Look all right, and then we've got a little ahead. Okay. We're going to do the whole thing
wow, and
You know this could have been a whole duck
Right now. It's just going to be a whole mouthful of food
I'm going to put some vinegar on there all right, so it's really it ain't no thing you just got it
You got it. Take it and throw it in
Wow, now that looks yummy. I'm gonna eat that in a minute, but first let's see how things are going back in Vietnam
The cool beer but where are the eggs?
Well, there's the guy awesome driver out here, and he's going to be here in a minute okay? Oh, there's like. Oh, yeah, actually
Okay, look up while you're drinking you have something all right it depends if you want to drink okay?
So you're allowed use with the eggs even when you're not home?
Me as far as I understand these little mobile
Restaurants go all around the city and they have their kind of audio playing their little speaker
Explaining. What's on that menu and what he has here today is what so you can see this is a menu. Oh, okay?
well, we've got some hot Garden Jeff Gannon mean the
Groom egg so usually if you see a chicken egg in the show, it's a foil in the us right here
They're actually in this little tray, and they're being grilled. So these are all cooked right. Yes, Pops ow which means?
Stir-fry farm who block it well act like there's a deviled egg
Develop oil egg yeah, so you don't just have a developed bucket you also have a developed quail. Oh, yeah
Okay, we got to try that for sure can we try that develop quail egg of course yes
Which one is it though because there's a huge bag here, but here
They only have as I own without like a little small egg, okay?
so here is the quail eggs very cute very tiny and you're saying inside here is a
Developed baby quail so kind of like a mini bubbles
Mini, okay, I'm gonna open it up. Oh
Oh, I didn't even know this was a thing. What is going on? Oh it opens really good. Oh my God
Look at this adorable thing. It's like the popcorn chicken of developed eggs. They show. We certainly don't judge
and we're all about trying out new things and understanding different cultures and
So how do you become?
So I've got my quail fetus here
But also, I have some lovely fresh herbs some salt pepper Chilli and kumquat juice to bring it all together. So we're going to try
Dipping this in there
Do that can you feel it?
It's really fun. It actually tastes pretty good. I'm gonna be honest
It's a little freaky to start out with it's very developed like it seems like it
Was about to kick a hole in that egg and escape for my filipino besties
You've got to try it with the herbs and the seasoning so usually in the philippines they have it with vinegar or stoke
But this is really good with the herbs. It actually makes it kind of refreshing
Yeah, and it makes it taste. Give him more of that soupy flavor while you're eating it. It's so like classic Vietnam style
So now we're gonna try this half develop duck egg. Can you see the
different color here oh a
Pump yeah yeah the air careful
All right that okay and then open it
So you eat this like you're eating some haagen-dazs or somewhere with the little spoon excellent
Oh, and it is like a yogurt, and it it smells like a wet tuck yeah, let's put some seasoning on there for sure
This is the most unusual taste sensation. I've ever had in my life
What is going on in my mouth? So it's super creamy and
It tastes like some kind of hot egg blonde. You say half-developed
Mm-Hmm because there's no body part, it's all smooth, and I don't even see like a yolk in a white part
It is like a duck custard
It's so unusual
Yes yours yeah
It's like pretty good. It's really hard to compare this to the filipino version
I'll follow because theirs is developed with body parts, but this is more just creamy. There's no different body parts
it's just a creamy mixture of white and yolk inside the only plate that's selling the half form of the doubt and it's just a
Movie can't like this, but I want to bring you to the place where they sell the food out loves, okay?
Then let's go to that place, but first let's go back to 7:00 city
Okay, we're going to do the whole thing you just got it. You got it taken and throw it in
that is the worst-looking and
best-Tasting volute I've ever had
And I think doing it all in one bite is the way to go you have to put some vinegar on there
It just adds a little a little flavor a little punch to it
But it really does taste like a hard-boiled egg with plenty of like egg. Yolk flavor, not bad, and that was an 18-day one
I'm proud of myself right now. I mean nobody'll nobody do
We saw how the filipinos do balloon and the philippines and now it's time to see how they do it in Vietnam the example
Right here before us
The what am I looking at with lumps out man with memes?
Develop duck egg with honors or the two tamron thought and then what are these little proceedings, that's a penis off
you know I was so surprised when we ordered this because I thought they would bring out three eggs that we had to crack and
Open ourselves
But no, they've done all the cracking for you, and they made it into kind of a dessert
We are we gonna use the little spoon yeah, so you just take a chunk?
Okay cheers, and you just go for it. Oh
Right it's soft it breaks apart the members are oh you put some herbs with it look at that
That looks like you can put 20 of these in a box and give it to your girlfriend on Valentine's day
I mean it looks beautiful
beautiful display
Yo is pretty good
I love the tamron thought it is a little sour you got to forget for a second that you're eating like the head of a
dog
Very interesting and the tamarind sauce they put some chilies in there too. I think yeah
Shirley's here, so it's a little bit spicy. Thank you. It's so confusing
Because it tastes almost like a nice
Dessert, but it's a little salty
it's spicy and
Then it's sour too, so that is it a huge surprise. I did not expect this kind of presentation
We've got the tamarind sauce and sweet sour it's a little spicy the crunch from the peanut I got to be honest
It's pretty dang good. So now it's up to you guys to decide
Which style is better?
We got the Filipino style with the vinegar and salt
We've got the Vietnamese style with the tamarind sauce the peanuts a little bit of spice in there
What do you think let me know in the comments down below?
thank you V for introducing me to this place and all these places today and
For you guys if you are interested in this kind of Vietnamese foodie experience
Please hit up one trip they are accompanied putting on amazing food tours in Saigon, and oh and I've done the food tour myself
It's amazing link for that are in the info box down below. I'll see you next week a peace
