Oh!
Hiya, Jre
Nah nah, I don't got any change right now
Any ARMYs in here?
That's cute and all, that's funny, but...I--I just--I just need to--
Well that's not very nice
I'm just gonna--
Do you want some BTS merch?
Wait, wait
That seems kinda sketchy though, so
Nah nah I gotta save up for the tour actually, so I'm just gonna--
I've got that new BTS music video
Exactly, yes
Like what? ...Nah nah nah nah, don't play with my emotions right now
I would never lie to you, George!
George?
I mean, Jre.
Aight, bet
Hello, Jre
What?!
Do you want to play a game?
Is this video sponsored?
Yes, ya boy got a sponsor!
ARMY Amino?
Yes, ARMY Amino
Do you even BTS?
Do I even BTS?
Oh, the quiz! The quiz! Oh okay, there's a quiz! Okay.
Okay so in the ARMY Amino app, there's a quiz called "do you even BTS?"
Okay, let's enter the app
And it should be in the quizzes area...
"Do you even BTS", there we go
Aight, let's take it then.
Ay, ya boy--okay!
It says I be 96% of, uh, the players
My score's 206
Where do I place?
76?
Oh, and it's Nathan! Yo, I know him!
He got third, tho
 
How do you--is that--what is this, Hell mode?
The highest scoring ARMY Amino member gets a Love Yourself: Tear album, yo
Get the ARMY Amino, go take that quiz, and go win the album
All the links to ARMY Amino in the description down below
Do you even BTS?
Aight, let's get into this reaction video, shall we?
I'm awake
Yo what's up everybody, it's ya boy JRE.
Yo... I did n--I think I only got, like, thirty minutes of sleep.
I tried to get some sleep, I couldn't, like, sleep? If that makes sense?
Yeah, I'm still wide awake, homie.
Who needs a cup of coffee when you got BTS?
Now, from watching the teasers, from pictures, to like... mmh
Which I all checked out on twitch live, go follow me there.
Twitch, link in the description down below.
You know, everybody already got their theories already, everybody been putting it together.
I feel like BTS is a school and they just giving us homework just to, you know, like just look up and just do research, I swear.
The amount of theories that y'all put together and MADE SENSE, and I'm like "yo, word?"
When you can make your own conspiracy theory and track it back all the way to the beginning
Fam. I can't wait for this anymore, let's go. BTS Fake Love in 3 2 1
 
Big Hit Entertainment, fam.
Hoo. I got captions on so, you already know.
All right... Jin co--like, closing the curtains, like, in front of Jun--
kook.
"I wish I could pretend like I was happy when I was sad".
Ooh, Taehyung. Ooh, wait, what're you wearing too?
That was hot.
Jungkook--ooh
Like he carried him too.
Now, we did hear the chorus, the little teaser, for the Billboard teaser, and some of the teasers.
Ooh, what is happening?
Ooh
Mmm, I wanna be a good man
Ooh, the way that RM is just coming in
Okay!
Okay, okay!
Ooh!
Okay!
J-Hope, get your ish, boy!
Oh wha--who's coming through?
Ooh, that mirror action
With, I think, Jungkook?
And J-Hope?
Okay, Jimin
Okay, JimKillem!
Kill em, Jim!
I swear--
Ooh, that neck...
"I wish love was perfect as love itself. I wish all my weakness could be hidden."
"I grew a flower that can't be bloomed in a dream that can't come true." Damn, okay, preach fam!
Love you so bad?
Uh, uh
Okay!
Love IS so mad, yo, preach!
"Try to erase myself, make me your doll."
Oh shit, that ish is goi--is comin--yo, he running!
That cell phone turn to dust?
Did Thanos get to it?
Mm
Just like, the colors are popping too, the aesthetics.
Oh all tho--is that cellphones?
Mm!
Oh, the way it just comes in, too!
That got me bouncing like to it!
Ay
So he's like--what, he's just spittin?
Ooh!
Okay!
Okay!
"What the heck is love? It's all fake love." Damn.
Oh, who's lying on all the candy?
All the Snickers?
Just know, whyy
Okay!
It's all fake love, fam
You just preaching, I feel.
Like this whole lyrics, I could just go back and--I have to watch it multiple times, by the way.
What's happening?
I would say it's too early for this, but I'm wide awake
But I feel hella attacked.
I'm tryna--
Watching BTS is like feeling hella attacked while trying to solve a mystery with Scooby-Doo
And the BTS gang.
Yo, what?
What's ha--oh.
Okay what was that?
I thought Thanos got to you, my boy.
I was like "No, not you!"
Jungkook comes up, Kookie just says, like, "RM, I don't feel so good."
We don't want that.
We are solving puzzles.
The... the flood gates just opened up, what the?
Explosions?
That's a dope shot, by the way.
Yo, BTS always be doing that! Yo, like it's just, stop the music, tell you a little story.
Then they go back into the chorus.
 
OOOOooH!
Oh he did pull up his shirt did-- I-I don't know if he did it before, but I just saw it! Abs!
"Try to erase myself and make me your doll."
Ooh
Save me...
Man.
Even the background...
Oh sh--oh shit, this is what he needs to do.
"I wish all my weakness could be hidden."
"I grew a flower that can't be bloomed in a dream that can't come true."
Now I'm just taking a moment just
To like soak that all in
You should too.
If you, when you wa--when you first watch it, you just need to take a second
just to be like, process what just happened through that
We just went through an experience together.
In the words itself, in general, too.
I just like the way the rapline was just going in, too
yo, I mean like--
And the way that J-Hope comes in through.
Yo
Ay
Okay
That mirror scene!
Oh they just went--
Okay!
Okay, okay!
Yo, that--oh, he's running his ass off!
The cellphone
Thanos got to the cellphone
He went like--
Yo, there's so many dope scenes in his music video too
Oh, the way that RM comes in too!
Oh that's like--I think that's like, one of my favorite parts. I don't know.
Put in the comments down below what's your favorite part.
You can say the whole thing, obviously.
The way the rapline comes in
There's so many dope shots in here
Like, I'm not--
I shouldn't, like--when J-Hope was lying in the uh, the bar--the Snickers bar candy
They always catch me off guard every time they just, like, slow it down, the music, and just stop it.
And just tell, like, a little story, y'know what I'm saying?
Is that the sand of time?
Like, Prince of Persia-ish?
Yo, I thought he was dispersing. I thought Thanos got to you, my boy.
But not even Thanos can stop the Kookie.
Like when Thanos was about to snap that thing he's like "Nah, not Kookie."
I can so relate to that.
Wet.
Fire.
That's like all my emotions put into one, at the moment.
It's a little wet.
I'm curling up in a ball, I'm eating my candy
He just came in like that? Ooh!
Ay.
Ooh, the way he just pulled up his--
Yo, ab goals.
He already inspired me to try to get more abs.
I don't got abs, really, but
That lyric right there, I kept on trying to say it, but I never said it
"Try to erase myself and make me your doll."
Yo
Like, word? Like that's some--
Literally, all my emotions were--
All into one
I dunno if you feel the same way.
Yo, they are performing this live at the BBMAs
I'll be in Vancouver watching it with my friends Kenny and Fay, and anyone that wants to join me.
If you wan--if you watch this video.
If there's a party,
BTS BBMAs party just to watch BTS,
Yo, invite me, please
Or I could just watch it by myself! I'm cool with that
Put in the comments down below what you guys think
Tell me who your bias is in BTS
I'm very curious, by the way
My bias is Taehyung, but I always get bias-wrecked by Jimin, and I love me some J-Hope
I love them all. I thought the rapline killed it, it made me bounce to the beat and everything.
Y'know, I missed standing up, I missed standing up while reacting.
I've been sitting down and reacting, and I--it's dope and all
I concentrate more on the music video and the lyrics, but I miss dancing, y'know?
Just like, y'know, body rolling to the song, and this song...
Blessings upon blessings, yo.
All the information, to the links, in the description down below.
Hope you enjoyed the intro, that was voiced by Salvy, yes, the clown intro
uh, Georgie. That wasn't voiced by me, that was voiced by Salvy and family.
Oof, it's a--it's--it's so hot right now.
It's hot right now, and I know i'm wearing a sweater and that could be the case but you know what
Whatever
Good way to start my morning. What's up, world?
Like this video, share this video, and subscribe. It's ya boy JRE.
I just wanna thank y'all
I hope you got your BTS tickets!
I wasn't able to get BTS tickets, but I do got some friends that will sell some tickets to me
so I'm like "Okay!"
Oof
When I tell you that was an experience, it was an experience, I just wanna say
Damn.
Hey! You better subscribe!
