Hello everybody welcome to another video on the Reação Imediata channel.
And today we will react to Jaya and Kz Tandingan
singing the song Feeling Good.
And we hope you enjoy this video!
And if you are not subscribed to the channel, subscribe
if already subscribed enable notifications.
And in the description of all videos has the link of our instagram.
We have already reacted to other amazing singers singing the same song.
So let's go to the most important
we want to hear Jaya and Kz!
Let's go to the reaction!
Wait a minute guys...
don't have a minute of music
and we are already totally surprised
with their vocal ability!
And the vocal arrangement that was created?
very amazing!
They sing a little slower
but they maintain this vocal agility
for what?
The Melismas !!!
It is in the melismas that they perform the notes quickly. Running.
Initially it is slower, using a lot of chest voice, especially Jaya
an amazing resonance!
True, both show great vocal agility.
It's like a great soccer player
Very skillful. They are like that in music.
-Yes, one passing the ball to the other.
Amazing! Blimey!
Fantastic...
Guys, this is the first time we've made a reaction to Jaya
and we are very impressed
what a great vocal ability she has to go to low notes.
She makes melismas on low notes.
...
Guys, is awesome...
I'll be back just to listen again,
and then we'll continue the video.
We can't ignore their ability to do that.
 It is a very agile voice,
very skillful. - Very potent too.
It has power and a lot of agility,
it is a true singing class.
Wonderful!
-Amazing...
-Blimey!
what a great work of harmonization
because she made a vocal arrangement, 
 obviously for two people to sing.
-And something is perfect...
-Amazing!
high level
and all the time they use a lot of vocal resources
but inserting it into the vocal region of each one
KZ uses a higher, sweeter region,
but at times it puts more aggressiveness
because she also has a vocal personality
that uses a lot of vocal distortions, Drives, Growls.
And Jaya has a heavier, more mature voice
nd she uses this feature to use a stronger 
resonance in her chest voice.
An incredible harmony!
because they use different octaves.
True, interesting is what you said about Jaya's voice
because we can observe the vocal distinction of the two
first Jaya has a darker, heavier voice
And Kz has a stronger resonance at high notes
a clearer voice.
So it's very interesting.
Because Jaya and Kz dominate a lot their vocal
register, and lowers notes with quality.
One is low note, while the other is high note.
Or the opposite.
So they make this game with notes and tones
 when singing, and was something amazing!
That's impressive!
I'm not believing
how wonderful, wonderful...
how wonderful, wonderful..
Awesome Awesome!
I don't have words to describe it anymore
because ... I ... We were taken by surprise ...
...
Let's say what?
It's amazing right guys?
had already watched another wonderful singers singing this song
but they sang alone.
So the vocal arrangement was different, 
because it was just one voice,
the arrangement is always adjusted according to the voice 
of the artist, or the artists.And they were all amazing!!
and here in this video we can see the work of two voices
each having its moment, its highlight.
One is surprised by the voice of the other, 
and we are surprised by both.
Another thing is the need for perception
offer notes according to voice.
To have a perfect fit, and everything was wonderful!
To have a perfect fit, and everything was wonderful!
Especially regarding harmony
according to the voice
of each one and what is being interpreted
It's very nice to see the tune of the two, and they have fun
they use Scat
it's a technique a feature that came up in jazz
so we can see their influences,
and obviously Nina Simone also had that influence.
And now they both doing it, it was wonderful
Guys ... Look ... Perfect! Gorgeous!
No doubt, it really was a wonderful thing.
But this is our opinion
and now we want your opinion
Did you like this beautiful performance from Kz and Jaya?
make more suggestions
do you want more reactions to Jaya or Kz?
Then write in the comments.
Click liked and share the video.
We hope you enjoyed this video
and see you in the next reaction!
Tchau (Goodbye)
