Hi guys welcome to my channel.
On the 7th of March, I had to take to flight from
HCM City to Manila and another
flight to Puerto Princesa and this was my
estimated departure and arrival time.
They said if I wanted to take the a domestic flight,
I should make at least 3 hours between 2 flights.
Because the domestic terminal
wasn't closed to me arriving terminal 3.
So I managed my second flight was after my first arrival time more than 4 hours.
But things didn't go smoothly like that.
Here I'll show you why.
My first flight was delayed for one hour.
I was hurrying to the immigrant in Manila.
But after staying in line, the
immigrant officer asked me to fill
something tied up arrival form at
this area and I had to stay in line
again
Finally get rid of the long waiting line,
I asked people where to catch a bus to terminal 4.
There is a bus station for transfering to other terminals.
I paid a fare for 20P. The bus driver
waited for his bus to be fully loaded.
Luckily it didn't take long.
In about 20 mins, I finally got there.
No more trouble and I still had time for some snacks.
And wow I didn't expect
snacks in the airport could be that cheap!
After a short flight, me and my friend
had got to Puerto Princesa airport.
We caught a tricycle to our hotel. On the
way we dropped by the tourist agency to buy
tour and van tickets to El Nido on the
following day.
Because we bought the tickets at the same agency,
we got some discounts.
We had lunch at a lovely cafe, the Orange Gecko.
Foods were okay, price
not cheap but acceptable.
what interesting was that
they gave us many kinds of sauces,
and this gecko.
We don't know what it really means to them but we found it in many places.
We walked back to the hotel,
took some rest then take a tricycle to Baywalk park.
If you ever caught a tricycle? BARGAIN!
The driver took us from the
airport asked for 100 peso
he also took us to the gecko cafe but
the total distance I guess just around 4km.
100 peso isn't expensive
in Ho Chi Minh for a trip but it should
be 20 to 30 peso only.
This time we checked the price with the
local and bargain for 30 pesos.
The park was over three kilometer away.
Look, tricycle in Puerto Princesa has a price list here.
You should prefer to bargain.
Baywalk was a nice and clean park, even though there were many food stands on the street. But
I saw no trash, great!
The street at night was kind of dark, light seemed not bright enough.
I think it's because of lack of electricity.
Oh, lack of internet as well.
My friend brought a 4G SIM but it worked unstably.
Wifi was something luxury in Palawan.
In some hotels and restaurants they had Wi-Fi zones
but don't expect that you could connect to it in your room.
We had dinner at Jollibee.
It was different from Jollibee in Vietnam.
There, it's operated on day
and cheaper also.
On our way back to the hotel, we found this diner.
Actually there's a lot of Vietnamese restaurants in Puerto Princesa.
And the famous
Vietnamese dish there is "chaolong".
We were confused as chaolong sound like the name of another dish in Vietnam, this one
cháo lòng
Well, we realized that chaolong and
cháo lòng are totally different dishes.
That's all for this video the next
morning at 8 AM, a van came in time to pick us up,
heading to El Nido.
Thanks for your watching and see you next time.
