What's up guys today, we're gonna show you how to cook Kare Kare in an instant pot.
Kare kare is a savory meat stew that consists of oxtail and vegetables all covered in a thick savory peanut sauce.
To create the dish you'll want to start off with two and a half to three pounds of oxtail.
First set aside the smaller pieces with less meat on them.
And then take the medium to large pieces, and cut three to five slits parallel to the bone for each one.
This will help to cook the meat more evenly, or so we think.
Ideally when you're making these slits you want to cut the oxtail directly on the cutting board. And not so willy nilly like I just
did.
Afterwards go ahead and place your oxtail in your instant pot.
Next add in 2 teaspoons of salt, 1
teaspoon of pepper, and half a large onion, cut into quarters.
Then add 5 cups of water.
Secure the lid and make sure the steam release is set to the "sealing" setting.
Then set your instant pot and high pressure on the meat/stew setting for 45 minutes.
When it's done, quick release the pressure inside the pot until the float valve unlocks.
This will allow you to quickly and safely open the lid without having to wait for the pressure to naturally relieve itself.
At this point take the pot and set it aside. In a new pan, pour in two to three tablespoons of oil. And
then throw in half a large, julienne-cut onion, and saute it until it's translucent.
Next add in four cloves of minced garlic. And
then add in two teaspoons of annatto powder and stir until the powder is dissolved.
Now transfer all of your oxtail into the pan and coat the oxtail with all the ingredients you just sautéed.
Afterwards set the oxtail aside again so that we can cook the vegetables.
First take four cups of broth from the oxtail and pour it into the pan.
Then throw in one Chinese eggplant. And
three baby bok choy with the stems cut off.
Cover the pan,
but first make sure to submerge the vegetable. And then cook the vegetables for two minutes over medium high heat.
Remove the bok choy. And
cook the eggplant for an additional three minutes.
Afterwards remove the eggplant and set them aside as well.
The reason why we cook the vegetables and the meat at different times is to make sure that the
ingredients don't get overcooked or fall apart.
At this point you can salt the broth to taste if needed.
But in our case our broth was perfect, so we skip the extra salt.
Afterwards, add in half a cup of creamy peanut butter. And
dissolve it into the broth.
Simmer and stir it until it begins to thicken or until the consistency is to your liking.
Now just add the oxtail back in and coat all the sides with the peanut butter sauce.
Then evenly arranged your bok choy and eggplant around your oxtail. And
then BAM! You have yourself a savory pan of Kare Kare!
Now just go ahead and plate it and let's eat!
A plate of Kare Kare isn't complete without a side of bagoong.
This is used as a dipping sauce that helps to balance out the savory flavors of the dish.
Just make sure to use it sparingly with each bite. It's talagang tasty!
What's up, guys?
If you guys liked the video, make sure to give us a thumbs up and leave a comment below!
And if you want to see more videos then hit the subscribe button below and tap on the bell icon
so that you get notified as soon as we drop the next one!
