Hello Guys! I'm in Manali Right now.
And as you know guys that Samantha came to India recently.
And we both came to Manali for traveling.
Actually, we came to see snow fall but snow fall is not happening now.
Don't know how long we will stay in Manali.
So now we are in Solang Valley
Samantha is make vlog for her channel with gopro.
Actually, when we were coming to Manali 
I left my g7x camera at home
I mean when we were loading our bags into car while going to bus stop
so while putting things in car camera fall down out of car and I didn't notice it.
And any vehicle went through camera.
So, it got damaged. its screen is broken now.
So, sam is using my gopro now.
And I have to make vlog from my Phone.
As you can see that there is a lot of snow here around 2 to 3 feet.
If we extended our trip, we may see snow fall.
google forecast sowing that it will snowfall on Monday.
So maybe we can leave from here after seeing snowfall.
If we are lucky, we will definitely go after seeing it.
Now we want to have some fun together.
see Samantha is taking pictures from her camera.
So let's throw some ice on her.
Oh, miss the target.
Haha, I got the head shot this time.
Actually, she saw snow for the first time. Not just snow she is in cold weather for first time.
Because, in Philippines temperature doesn't go lower than 18°C 
She is trying to throw snow on me now.
But she couldn't hit me.
Look, 
Look how deep my feet gone in snow.
You can see it.
And see guys, Samantha has become ice cream seller.
And this kid came here to buy ice cream from Sam.
Now she will tell the price of it.
Lots of snow went in our shoes already.
see how much ice is in my shoes.
Now we are here to eat some momos(Nepali fast food)
Bro is cooking momo for us even chicken momo are ready. This is for sam.
He is making veg momo for me . After eating we will rest a bit then again we will have fun.
Let's see, what we will do after cos we didn't decide yet.
My head is getting hot. There is  sweat in my hairs
Bro, give us spoon.
there is ice in shoes and head is getting hot cos of cap and the warm clothes I'm wearing.
I'll clean my shoes after eating.
And then will start video again till then keep watching.
And now we are at Hadimba Devi Temple
There are lots of stairs,    and it's hard to climb cos the temple is on the hills.
And Sam is also vlogging just behind me. 
I'm doing separate cos most of Audience are Indians.
it's hard to climb cos the temple is on the hills.
Structure of temple is too old . 
I think it's made of wood.
She is using gopro and I'm using my Phone.
Let me show you around 
Cos we don't have a lot time so I'll do it quick. Then we will go.
This is the entrance .
This Place is crowded everyone is taking pictures.
You can have Pictures here in traditional dresses. 
There is Ghatotkach tree Temple this side.
We will go there as well.
This is the Ghatotkach tree Temple
You guys can come here for worship.
There are many hotels here. and you can buy souvenirs also from here
Now we are going back to mall road .
And we will try clay cup tea there, cos she never did it ever.
And if we gonna do something in the night we will let you know guys.
camera is shaky cos I'm holding it on selfie stick.
going to turn off the camera cos cab driver is waiting for us.
we will have dinner and tea after reaching there.
So, guys have a look at Manali mall road night view.
Now we are finding something to eat.
Non-Veg food for her and Veg for me 
Will try if we can have both at one place so we can eat same Place.
And this is Atal Chowk
From this road you can go to Hadimba Temple
There are lots of hotels and ATM facilities
This is our dinner guys
I ordered Veg Thali. 
And she ordered chicken Biryani
let's eat guys 
After this we will have clay cup tea.
