Welcome to the Living in the Philippines channel.
The subject of this video is street food from the Philippines.
Under the heat of the tropical climate.
The three daily meals, all accompanied by at least one cup of rice,
were supplemented with two snacks in
order to keep the stomach full and in a good mood throughout the day.
This is where street food comes in.
As soon as school leaves, barbecues are set on fire.
They perfume the streets with the smell of meat, fish and caramelized fruit.
Beef kebabs, hotdogs, chicken thighs or wings as
well as all the usual barbecue preparations are available in the Philippines.
This video presents only the original street food dishes.
It is one of the most popular street foods in the Philippines.
Its origin dates back to the 1970s
when street vendors had to readjust their offer in the face of rising livestock prices.
This is a carefully cleaned
chicken or pork intestine that is boiled and marinated
then rolled up on a skewer before being barbecued or fried.
Like most street foods,
the preparation is usually dipped in Sawasan sauce to enhance the flavor.
It is a sauce made from vinegar, onions and chili.
Pork isaw is generally larger, softer, and tastier.
While the chicken isaw is closer to a tube mini sausage.
The popularity of isaw is such
that street stalls called isawan, exclusively dedicated to the specialty, have been created.
The adidas and helmet names are a sign of the Filipino sense of humor.
Adidas are not the world famous athletic shoes.
These are chicken feet,
declawed, boiled
and then marinated in a preparation based on vinegar and soy sauce
before being skewered to be grilled on the barbecue.
As for the helmet, it is the head of the chicken which is sometimes accompanied by the neck.
It is another name testifying to the second degree of the Filipino people.
Betamax is coagulated pig or chicken blood shaped into squares.
The name is due to its dark color and its cubic shape,
identical to the video cassettes of the 80s.
Only the old ones will understand !!!
Although it is made with blood,
betamax does not have a foul odor or taste.
There is also no real taste,
it is the vinegar and chili dips that spice up the dishes.
Fish balls are usually made with groundfish,
pollock or cuttlefish, and lots of flour.
They are flattened then fried before being served skewered on a wooden skewer.
Usually three dips are offered according to the tastes of each one.
The light orange-colored spices composed of vinegar, onions and garlic
The brown-colored sweet, composed of corn starch, ketchup, sugar and salt
Or the amber-colored sweet and sour, which is the sweet sauce to which small peppers have been added.
Squid balls are similar to fish balls
but they are softer and rounder.
The main ingredients after squid
are flour, cornstarch, garlic, salt and pepper.
The cooking method, the service on a wooden skewer and the dips
are identical to fish balls.
It is a squid carefully cleaned
and then dried in the sun until the flesh becomes soft.
Preparation after drying consists of flattening it and then cooking it on the barbecue.
It then gives off a very characteristic strong odor.
It is then served skewered on a stick
to soak in a sauce made with vinegar and onions infused with peppers.
It is a crispy and tasty dish.
These are hard-boiled eggs
coated with an orange-colored batter and then fried until the batter is crisp.
Kwek kwek is traditionally made with quail eggs,
while tokneneng is made with chicken or duck eggs.
The dough consists of flour, cornstarch and annatto powder.
Annatto powder has a slightly peppery taste,
it is mainly used to give this orange color to the dough.
They are served on a stick to be dipped in sweet and sour or slightly sweet sauces.
These delicacies are to be eaten freshly prepared, when they are hot and crispy.
When it comes to snack time, there is no snack more popular than a balut.
It is a duck egg fertilized for 16 and up to 21 days.
At this stage of fertilization,
it contains not only a yolk but also a duck embryo.
Its tasting begins by making a small hole at the top of the egg to sip the juice.
Then, you have to gradually peel the egg,
season it with salt and vinegar in order to eat the embryo and the yolk.
It seems that it tastes like chicken!
Halfway between the nem and the spring roll,
they are rolls of rice pancakes, stuffed with minced pork or chicken,
accompanied by onions, garlic and finely chopped vegetables.
When fried, the crunchy and crispy exterior
contrasts with the tender and flavorful interior.
They usually consonant with a sweet and sour sauce.
These are rice pancake rolls wrapped in processed cheese made from cheddar cheese.
They are fried for a short time so that the rice cake is golden and crisp
without the cheese being competently melted.
They are usually served hot and crisp
with a sauce made from a mixture of ketchup and mayonnaise.
Tempura is originally a Japanese dish
made from seafood or vegetables wrapped in a thin batter and then fried.
Filipinos have reinvented it towards a more affordable street version.
It is crumbled fish mixed with flour and then fried until golden brown.
They are usually served with two types of dips.
A sweet and sour sauce made with vinegar, banana ketchup and sugar.
Or a spicy sweet and sour sauce, identical to the previous one to which peppers have been added
The name empanada comes from the Spanish verb empanar, which means "to cover",
or "to coat with bread".
The empanada is a small pastry of thin and crispy pastry baked or fried.
The stuffing is usually made of meat or fish with egg, potato
and other ingredients, depending on the customs of each region.
In the northern part of Luzon,
they are usually garnished with green papaya, mung beans, and sometimes longaniza sausage and an egg yolk.
In Cebu,
it's a sweet and savory variation, topped with chopped chorizo ​​and chayote, sprinkled with white sugar before serving.
In Zamboanga,
they are garnished with chopped sweet potatoes, chickpeas and served with a mild vinegar dip.
The barbecue banana is a treat made from fried bananas coated with caramelized brown sugar.
The name uses the term barbecue because caramelized bananas look like grilled pieces of meat
but they are fried.
After cooking,
they are usually served skewered on a stick for easy serving and tasting.
A less common alternative is camote cue which is made from sweet potato.
This snack shares the name of Spanish cuisine
but the Filipino version is completely different.
These are banana slices wrapped in rice paper like those used for spring rolls,
coated in brown sugar then fried to be golden and crisp.
Before serving,
it's usually drizzled with caramel, coconut, mango, or sesame seeds.
It is sliced ​​green mango served with a spicy shrimp paste called bagoong.
Bagoong is a mixture of small brine shrimp marinated for several days.
The crunchy and sour mango accompanied by a salty and slightly spicy shrimp paste
forms a delicious mixture full of flavor.
It's fried pork rind, lightly salted and usually flavored with garlic.
Chicharon is sometimes eaten with vinegar, soy sauce and chilli-based dips
or a bagoong pate which is a paste made from shrimp.
It is present absolutely everywhere in the Philippines
and most of the time it will come to you in the means of transport.
Street food is part of the culture of the Philippines.
Despite the basic appearance of the outlets, the products can be consumed with confidence.
Salespeople have been applying just in time for decades!
Another pleasing aspect of street food in the Philippines
is the friendliness, hospitality and sympathy of the Filipinos that one encounters during these snacks!
Hope this video has you more!
Don't forget to subscribe and activate the bell
to receive a notification for future posts on the Living in the Philippines channel.
A big thank you for your support and your encouragement !!!
Do not hesitate to comment on the subjects that interest you!
With that, take care of yourself and see you soon !!!
