This is my dad. He just got his [android] phone about a year ago one thing. He's discovered is Facebook more specifically
He's recently cracked the Facebook news feed algorithm. Hey, dad. What do you like on [Facebook] [go] get eager? Yeah? Why?
Do we come back is is like it's part of the scenery
Good to the eye
Yeah, it [is]
Good morning, everyone, [so] I just finished my run
I did some drone flying and now we're [gonna] go have some lunch this morning
This is our last day in Noaa at my parents place and probably the reason why you haven't seen my parents around is
they haven't been around they've actually been at the farm and
My dad hurt his leg. It's about three hours from the onion, and he couldn't drive back
We were living today and luckily they found a driver to help them drive back to Lone yun to this place
So this is kind of like the only day that I'm going to get to spend with my parents kind of sad
But you know at [least] good to see them so today. We're going to have
another barbecue
We don't get to barbecue a lot in Japan so barbecues are always awesome and welcome trying to get this [freaking] yeah
So kind of grab some lunch, and then we're going to have a little good old-fashioned barbecue later this evening
Let's enjoy the rest of the day
We were ready to go to lunch
And we're going to go to China see you know by the ocean, but it looks like Tamela's started barbecuing for us for lunch
So I guess we're going to have lunch here today. Which isn't bad because I really [love] the barbecue here
It's so good [and] Michael's coming back. What did you [net] say?
You're kind of really hungry though, right?
Michael's not so good when it comes to food and waiting for it
she has a little small stomach that just needs to be fed when it gets hungry, but also gets really really cranky, but
This is the philippines and you've got to be patient because everything is on Filipino time
Barbecue Master, how are you doing?
Good
All right, let's do the laundry
So we had a little problem yesterday the hose that didn't work so well because there's actually holes in it
So in the previous vlog you may have seen me buy and install a hose for [the] Washington
Well it started to leak soon after using we've gotta fix it through time
And we'll take some of this [route] here and fix this now look here [Dan] Filipino products
No quality control whatsoever. I told you earlier about the reason she asked why didn't you press the hose when you bought it anyway?
Here's my attempt to pick for those let's see how this works out give it like 24 hours
I think it should seal up all the leaks and
Can't wait
Sugru looks like [it's] held up. Let's give it a try and see if it works
This is the moment of truth Williams life please work
It doesn't work completely, but yes, it works a little bit better than before oh [to] do the laundry
Well that didn't work as expected. Let's do this time for a beer
[check] out all this barbecue. I love the philippines anyway, what better way to finish off the day
So we're heading to a hotel just
North of here, it's called Kahuna, and it should have some awesome surfs and instead of the night is just to check it out
But now we got to pack up
All right truck load it all up. Let's get on the road. It was a super fun trip at my parents place
Hey
if you liked this vlog hit that like button if you have any questions about this place or my parents or anything else leave a
Comment in the comment section below you want to subscribe like always subscribe. See you guys soon
Wow
