Hi everyone! We are HJ and OJ
Yes, there was an event last saturday
which was the 70th Anniversary of Han-Phil Cultural Festival
It was Really awesome
the Korean and Filipino crowd was on fire.
Really! Really! Awesome on fire!
Specially, friends and the people who are trending now here in Philippines!
So we are HJ and OJ and watch the movie
Let’s Go! Go! Go!
You can’t wait right?
Of course I really can’t wait~
Let’s see again the Living Korean Culture
by the shining Kpop Cover Singers and the stage
Let’s Go! Go! Go!
Wow!! I’m really moved seeing our friends really worked hard and their passion.
came to see our filipino friends’ singing and dance performance
I came and see our friends’ hard work brought out into the stage.
who are the winners in Han-Phil 70th Anniversary?
If you’re curious, Like and Subscribe to Modoo Studio
Turn on notification bell
we’ll show it on our second episode!
lately we met Hot Personalities
you're curious right ?
curious?
Let’s Go! Go! Go!
Yes! Hi JinHo Bae! Nice to meet you!
Please introduce yourself
Yes my name is JinHo Bae
and I’m currently working here as a singer in Philippines.
I’m korean Bae JinHo.
What do you feel being invited in the 70th Han-Phil Cultural Anniversary Festival?
Even if I live abroad my parents
always reminds me not to forget that my blood is korean.
Whenever I hear those wonderful words I feel honored to be invited in this event.
This Han-Phil Cultural Festival is a huge event and it’s my first time here.
And I feel honored as this event also develops.
I feel thankful as a Korean. As a Korean who lives here in Philippines for so long.
We are doing cultural campaign as well
in our contents between korea and Philippines.
It’s called Free Hug
that’s why as a Free Hug Man my campaign is to go around
the Philippines to show the love between Philippines and Korea.
if ever you have time, will you be available to join with us in our campaign?
Free hug, right?
Of course it’s my pleasure.
I volunteer if it’s for the good between Korean and Philippines.
For my final interview, do you have any words to our viewers?
Thank you for making this kind of festival and for those korean volunteers as well thank you very much.
Thank you very much to my fellow Filipinos
Thank you very much
Thank you very much
JinHo Bae’s performance on stage was really so great!
Really his Filipino Fans would really love him
Are you watching now? Are you watching?
Come over in our studio and shoot
Let's Go! Go! Go
What are you doing OJ?
Actually the MC in this event Ms. Shine Kuk is really pretty
It keeps going around my mind
Today Dasuri Choi is also...
Ohhh...... we will release our
interview with Dasuri Choi in Part 2 so don’t be sad.
Watch beautiful Shine kuk’s interview
Let's Go! Go! Go!
Yes! Hi Ms. Shine kuk!
Yes Hi to all! I am Shine kuk
Please introduce yourself
Yes, Hi! I am presently working for TV shows.
And there are many plans ahead to show you
I am also hosting a home shopping channel called SHOP TV here in Philippines.
Nice to meet all of you~
Today we are celebrating the 70th anniversary of Han-Phil Culture
a Korea and Philippine relationship, right?
Yes
How do you feel that you were invited?
Actually, last year 2018 I was  crowned as Miss Korea Philippines (Jin).
That for me i feel so honored and delighted to be in that position.
Because for me I am representing my second province Philippines
and my country Korea.
With this kind of great festival that opened
My heart is pounding and My heart is pounding and i’m ready now to meet different people.
Yes! For my final interview, please look here and have a word for our viewers.
Hi everyone! Again with me having their special guest.
Yes it appears here.
the youtube channel again?
It’s Modoo Studio
With the meaning of Everyone.
Please also love Modoo Studio
And I’ll be looking forward to meet you guys in my future events.
Have a great day!
Thank you!
Ah I can't stop thinking seeing Ms. Shine kuk over
and over again she’s really pretty.
Hi there...Ms. shinekuk
Next time when you visit our studio
Let's go out together!
OJ stop talking nonsense
and let’s go to the next
Ah because of Ms. Shinekuk I can’t think well.
I love Ms. Shinekuk
Yes! their popularity is above the sky.
I’m talking about SB19 who debuted
in Philippines under a korean entertainment.
They are really going crazy over them.
So let’s watch the Video
Let's Go! Go Go!
 
 
