This video is closed captioned in English and Spanish subtitles
Hello, travelers.
Welcome, everybody.
This is Anthony, also known as the Travel Droner.
Here on this channel, we create videos discussing amazing
travel facts and amazing destinations.
In today's video, we're going to talk about the 10 best places
to visit in the Philippines.
The Philippines, with its endless stunning Islands, offers
various beautiful natural spots, from white Sandy beaches
and Crystal clear blue water to spectacular mountains, waterfalls
and rice terraces.
Let's start our list.
Number one.
Boracay is an Island with a sparkling white Beach and lush
green Mount Luo.
It is an incredibly attractive place in the Philippines with
numerous places to surprise new visitors.
It is specifically famous for its beaches and water sports.
You're gonna have a lot of fun with friends and family on
beaches, enjoy Snorkeling, kit surfing, water sports and
swimming in this beautiful city.
It has also got kid friendly beaches where they can also
join you in doing fun.
Laguna De boracay is an excellent tropical resort with a spa
and nightclub.
There are many food spots to stimulate your taste buds.
Evening on the footsteps of Loua Mountain is not just sight,
but a feeling too.
The night life of the city has also got many attractions
for the visitors.
So if you want to visit the Philippines, Boracay is a must go
place in the country.
Number two, Ifugao province
If you are ready to disconnect from the Internet and to quit
busy schedules to immerse yourself into the natural environment,
hack up and come here.
This is the perfect place.
If you like hiking and bonding with nature, it is the hub
of native Filipino culture.
So if you are much annoying origins and demography, this
is a very suitable place to pursue your interest.
Rice Terraces of Beta is a UNESCO site, and for all those
who know about the rice terraces of Vietnam and China, these
are far more impressive with their symmetrical and appealing
designs. Going through such magnificent places, you are going
to find yourself in a very peaceful and cherishing environment.
You're going to say Wow simultaneously because of such incredible
sites. So if you have decided to visit the Philippines, this
is undoubtedly a Must go place.
Three.
Apo Island It is a small, beautiful Island surrounded by
calm and clear water.
It falls among the top 10 diving sites in the world.
It is perfect for underwater fun like snorkeling and diving.
While diving, you are surely going to encounter an incredible
variety of marine life such as big eye Jacks, humped races,
Hammerheads, Manta rays and even tuna.
White sand adds a lot to the beauty of the Island, and it
is also littered with unique rock formations.
Apo Island Beach Resort is a spectacular place to visit.
It is nested in a private Cove within unique rock formations
on a beautiful white Beach.
If you want some more fun, pay a visit to Aqua Dive for scuba
diving and related activities on Apo Island.
For having amazing food and beverages, you will have to travel
a little towards Negros Island and there you can find a perfect
blend of local and international food.
Beth's Kitchen, Don Dive Cafe, Mabu Dumaguete Restaurant
and Romania Alar Beach and Seaside Bar.
Are few can't miss spots to dine, drink and feast out there.
Number four, El Nido, If you are sick of your busy schedules
and routine lifestyle, they want to escape all this for a
few days to relax in a common, peaceful environment.
El Nido in the Philippines is going to be your best choice
for this.
This is the place with exceptionally awesome landscapes with
incredibly beautiful beaches and Crystal clear water.
It is particularly famous for its deep clips, abundant coral
reefs, white Sandy beaches, and clear Emerald sea.
It is no doubt in Island Paradise for all those who are searching
for a beautiful place to just disconnect, relax and enjoy
the Island lifestyle.
Small and big lagoons, Snake Island but by a Beach and Pina
buiton Island are a few must visit places of this remarkable
place. If you like water sports and fun, you are going to
fall in love with underwater diving in snorkeling of El Nido.
Don't miss going to Neck Pan Beach for enjoying spectacular
scenes and having a variety of dishes to eat.
Number five, Siquijor The Island of Siquijor is a unique and
incredibly beautiful place to go.
Natives believe that there are ghosts, which is a mystical
creatures over there that will either hurt you or put a magic
love spell called the GaYuma on you.
But it is just a story to hear about this land.
Siquijor got a lot to offer, particularly to adventure
seekers. Waterfalls such as Camboge Hi Falls is a place where
one can swim in natural water, jump from swings and cliffs,
and relax on white Sandy beaches.
Lacan Beach is a famous destination for Beach lovers.
Go there and have a taste of freedom by riding your scooter
around the Island.
Although the nightlife of Siquijor is a little developed, there
is a lot to explore in the day that overlaps the fun of nightlight.
Let me give you a free tip regarding going to Camboge High
Falls. If you want to avoid crowds, wake up early, leave
at six am.
 to arrive at the opening time.
of seven am.
M.
Number six, Cebu City This city is known for its beaches
diving and Spanish colonial heritage.
Many temples and churches are having monumental buildings
for San Pedro is an 18 th century Spanish Fort that is now
a Museum where a lot of visitors go and know about this historic
city. If you want to dine in and shop at the same place,
Colon Street is for you.
You want to have a panoramic view of the city.
Go to the top, look out and view the city and its neighborhoods
from a height of 600 meters.
Go to the theme Park and enjoy the Sky.
Experience adventure.
It is an amusement complex with high altitude fun.
Visit Crown Regency Hotel for dining in disco.
There is a lot more to do while being in Cebu City.
Dive in the naturally hut spring water at thermal pools.
Climb of the beautifully craggy mountain.
Go through the jungle trails and find cascading waterfalls.
And if you want some more adventure, do mountain camping
overnight on grassy Mount Lenea to amuse yourself even more.
Number seven, Siargao Island It is a tear drop shaped Island
with lush green surroundings.
Natural waterfalls and cave pools are spectacular places
to visit.
If you are an adventurous person, then do surfing here and
cherish yourself up.
Daku Island is there for you to do Beach recreation and SUP
Ga Lagoon for refreshment.
This is comparatively a small city, but with bundles of amusement
activities and heaps of fun around, it has become a famous
destination for visitors.
Siargao is one of the best surfing spots in the Philippines
and the world.
You are going to enjoy surfing or watching the season surfers
tearing up the bigger waves out at Cloud nine and in Pacifico.
If you are an amateur, don't worry about it.
Just have fun and enjoy.
You're going to fall in love with this amazing place, not
just the place but with the locals too, due to their warm
and very welcoming attitude.
Number eight, Kalanggaman Sandbar This gem is located off
the Coast of Palema Pan and was declared a marine sanctuary
in 2009.
It is a great place to escape the busy city life and to relax,
chill and enjoy the beauty of Island nature.
This is undoubtedly the best sandbar ever to visit.
With Crystal clear water on both sides, it has become a pristine
destination for visitors.
The sand bar stretches up to just 200 meters during low tide
and the trip to the tip is a must due to rip current.
Swimming at the tip is strictly prohibited.
It is one of the dreams of visitors to go on the heavenly
sandbar due to its Crystal clear water, clean, fresh and
breathtaking Beach.
If you want to add to some more adventure to your trip, stay
a night in a tent under the sparkling stars and enjoy an
unforgettable experience.
Don't worry.
This Island is not that remote.
There are small shops called Sari, Sari, Cabins and the municipal
police, a medical team and even a resort.
Number nine, Bohol, with its amazing coral reefs, numerous
Islands in beautiful suburbs, Buhol is an exceptionally
attractive place to visit in the Philippines.
Cocoa beans turn Brown and contrast with lush green Hills
around offers a jawdropping scene to the visitors.
Spectacular chocolate Hills attract them with even greater
force. If you want to explore the natural beauties of the
city, be a part of the Loboc River cruise and move through
the water, touching all Spears of natural attractions.
There are many beaches in Islands in Bohol where thousands
of visitors go every year.
The wildlife of Bohol is also worth exploring.
Hundreds of Dolphins can be seen in Bohol?
Snorkeling.
Here is one of a kind experience.
Food served in Bohol are usually home cooked style local
dishes, but extremely delicious.
There are fewer high end resorts, but good and reasonably
priced ones are there to accommodate you.
Number 10, Manila Manila is a very attractive place to visit
in the Philippines.
It has got an amazing blend of both historical colonial architecture
and the modern Metropolitan city.
It has a plethora of places to get your attention.
Manila Ocean Park is a very adventurous place to visit.
It offers you an aquatic life experience while being on a
dry surface.
It is a mesmerizing oceanarium in Manila.
Enjoy walking through the ocean, seeing Sharks, jellyfish,
and other marine creatures.
If you love shopping, then you are in the right place.
Manila has got worldclass shopping malls, quality products,
and fairly low prices.
If you want to bargain, visit desria public market for fulfilling
your desires.
Manila is a fulltime entertainment package for visitors in
the day.
Enjoy parks, shopping malls and outdoor local music.
Enjoy eating mouthwatering dishes at Street food stands.
Visit museums.
You go to Chinatown for recreation in the evening.
Go and cherish yourself up with Symphony music.
The nightlife of the city is particularly amazing.
There are numerous party clubs where the party last till
Dawn. We hope you enjoyed this video.
Which place do you like the best?
From the list above, let us know in the comments section
below the video.
And if you liked the video, be sure to Subscribe and turn
on the Bell notifications.
So you will be the first to know when we publish a new video.
Thanks for watching.
