Hello. How are you?
good morning good afternoon good evening  
it's not good night yet. wherever you guys at
good afternoon good evening good morning
we are on our way to go get Jollibee
i'm gonna get well you're going to get  
my reaction and then after we're done 
i'm gonna watch jollibee commercials  
and give you my reaction to that 
that's gonna be exciting i've only had  
the spaghetti fried chicken there i haven't had 
anything else i'm excited oh please be careful
shout out my hairdresser Amy in Cottonwood she 
does amazing hair and she has great customer  
service she charges me only 45 dollars 
to shampoo it to cut it and to style it
thank you guys for watching our 
videos and we hit the 5k subscribers
There it is
We are going to Jollibee
and she's going to try some foods in Jollibee
So we will see her reaction
and we might make a video about reacting to Jollibee commercials
So there it is
that we're thankful to. number one the Pinoy
bus driver tv. number two. april fernandez
Number three
Number four
i'm so sorry if i mispronounce your 
name please read from right here
number five
it's right here. yeah i'm so sorry if i mess it 
up i know how it feels with my name i'm so sorry
number six
your best friend joe s
Are you still okay with your wife?
Did she see your comment?
thank you all for the fun comments you're very 
supposed to say all the nice things about us  
and thank you for saying we look good together 
well we're going to make a video about  
like the whole story of how we met and 
everything how am i compared to other girls?
you are very kind to your parents and to your family 
you love jesus so those are the qualities that i 
was looking for and you had it all and you went beyond
like i said if even you're pretty and 
your personality sucks i'm not gonna  
talk to you. I'm glad I have personality
and you're very respectful you know just respecting 
other cultures your parents and my parents and  
stuff like that my mom approved you oh there 
was a question about our parents including  
our parents and parents reaction my parents 
adore him they take his side all the time  
no matter what when he's being mean to me like 
my dad would they take his side they say well  
you're probably being mean to him and i have 
two brothers an older and a younger brother  
they love him just the same the first day and 
we were having fun immediately right away there  
was no holdback they loved him my dad is more 
reserved with people he's a very quiet person  
he talks with him more than he's ever talked 
to any person he's ever met friend or no friend  
that's why i love him i love your parents and he 
said i love you to my dad and my dad hugged him  
and said i love you back to him yeah that's 
very sweet so if you are watching mr and mrs Ellis
i love you and i miss you and i 
can't wait to see you in person
yep
my dad is watching our vlogs
thank you for all the people who are watching our videos
thank you so much for for watching 
our video for the continuous support  
it's amazing thank you for 
the love we love you all
i'll say it in korean too
a lot of people requesting you to sing filipino 
songs i will learn one just for you all and  
they will like it i would they 
would love it for you guys one time
you guys should wait on that video
i'd be excited to hear his voice too  
we're gonna record it for you guys. She is being shy when I ask her to sing with me. But she said yes to all of you guys
I love you
I love you too
so we are almost there
say we will all see together there
so we are here now for jollibee and we are going inside
are you excited? i'm excited and i'm 
hungry and i'm ready we'll see you guys
so we are here inside
as you can see
how do you like jollibee? the 
place better than mcdonald's
land of the deserted
so now we are waiting for our food
they said you look like taylor swift
my co-worker says what i look like  
emma stone i look like emma stone 
apparently
you are beautiful
lord jesus thank you for all the 
food in front of us thank you for  
all the time that you have 
given to desiree and myself
she's gonna try the spicy chicken sandwich
good sauce
it's a jalapeno
It's good
Is it good?
The second one is a yum burger. This is the famous burger in the Philippines.
yum burger
is like the famous burger in the Philippines
tell them what's the difference between
she does not want to share anymore
what's the difference what's the 
difference between mcdonald's  
burger and that? 
their sauces are literally just mayo and seasoning
which one? Mcdonalds
She likes it
can I try it? she does not want to share anymore
it's really good
we are going to try next is palabok(filipino dish)
we are going to try palabok(filipino dish)
let's make her try our pineapple juice
she does not want to share again
like this it's like spaghetti
Does it taste really good? Be honest.
it's not as strong flavor as the 
other stuff but it's still really good
she likes it too
we don't foget the chicken
in the Philippines we always drink the gravy
when I was in High School
I always go to mcdonalds and I always order the chicken and rice. Then I will pour all the grave to my rice
chicken chicken
go eat
it was like this and then i folded it like this
i'm thoroughly entertained right now
It's good
Is it good?
what do you think about the spaghetti?
here in US the spaghetti is kinda sour but in the Philippines it's sweet.
Lastly, she is going to try this peach mango pie
she liked it
so she does not really eat mangoes before
So we are done eating for today 
did you like it i did so if 
you're gonna rate it one to ten  
what would it be 50 20 5000 out of this world
no be serious i am serious i really like 
the flavors and everything very satisfying
so she liked all of it
thank you for watching our video  
thank you for watching us and joining 
us on our silliness to forever
wherever you guys at please take care
and please subscribe subscribe like and share 
subscribe like share click the subscribe button  
like it comment comment and share it with your 
friends click the subscribe button right here  
right here right in my shoulder
i'll see you guys in the next video
we love you
