Hi mga palangga(my love)Good afternoon and today we
are going to film my British husband
tries a Filipino snack and at the moment
John is outside
There! There is he is hiding
and these are the snacks that we are going
to try and so while we are waiting for him
The Filipinos snacks that we got are only limited
because all this are from
oriental shop and mainly they are just selling Asian stuff
like Chinese, a bit of Filipino foo, a bit of Thai food
So this is all what we can get so right now.
We are just waiting for John. He's here!
John: No,
And just so in case that he will spit out
I got  a kitchen paper with me
Just hang on the time to put the beef in the oven
So are you ready Mr. John he said he is not ready
Come on!
He's not ready. Come on! I'm hungry
Are you nervous?
John:Yeah I'm nervous what I'm going to eat.
Come on, sit down with me
John: This is ridiculous
So his here!
Where do you like to start?
John: The savoury one's please. That one will be savoury.
John: What's this?
A pork crunch
Bad smell
Let's have a try
You like it?
No?
John: That is...
Don't you like it?
That's vile
So no, no? That's a no no. Right okay we will have this onion rings
John: bad taste
What's on them?
Pork crunch
He never had this before so...here we go.
This should be okay,. We have here...
You like this!
Nice isn't it?
Do I like it?
It strange because it's big and then it goes to nothing in your mouth
They're okay actually
So do you like them? Yeah I could do those
So in the rate one to ten how would you rate this?
Five... Five!
Maybe six depending how hungry I am
John likes this,  do you like this?
Yes. You like this? Alright.Next is this
This one Oishi! I like Oishi
Oh no! this is a spicy flavour. I know this is I notice. Just one. Spicy Flavour. LOL
Smells very fishy
hmm
Arrrgghhh!(acting)
He doesn't like spicy food
No. I can't believe...I can't believe how spicy that actually is
Come on, just drink a little. No I don't want it.
Oh my gosh I am so sorry I did not notice
that it is a spicy
Chilli!!!
It's spicy flavour I'm so sorry honey.
No wonder so you don't like this? No.
The next one is the boy bawang. This popular in the Philippines
So here it is, mister!
No, no, no let me help myself
This are...oh gosh!
What do you think?
If I  was really hungry I would eat them
Alight. They're okay I've give them a five. A five.
Yeah they're garlic aren't they? Yeah.
They're sweet corn. I think they are sweet corn
but with a garlic flavour
Yeah, they are.
Okay what's next?
He likes to try the mucher
So this is just want you guys eat back in the Philippines?
Yeah, this is what we eat.
You need to do a visual inspections first.
Visual inspection!?
These are just a loads of peas. Yeah.
It says original flavour but..
I like muncher
Come on I need a lot.
These are actually okay
But the only thing is I'm not tasting it very well
Oh it's coming through bit more now
because of the other things I been eaten.
I give those at least a six. Six?
Okay...
You could sit nibbling while watching tv with this. Yeah they're okay.
Now will try ding dong which is mixed nuts
I think I be poison with this
Mixed nuts...now I am not a nut fan
So let me just take a quick peck see what there is
They mixed alright. That's a pea thats not a nut
So we have
You need to eat them together
No. You don't know...Oh I got the flavour in
What is it? I recognise the flavour.
That's a ding dong pea
This look like little monkey nuts to me
You like it?
Hmm, they're okay
It's quite good isn't it? I give you my order shortly. Okay.
Okay these are the savoury one's . So I gonna give you my worst taste like those
because it have chillies in them and  I
don't like chilies. Okay.  That's a big no no
But they probably be quite nice
without the chilies for me okay
Cuz I don't mind and I like the prawn cracker taste
Those! I do not like whatsoever I just think they're vile taste
but rest these onion rings these little chappies very good
Among the savoury one's,  which is your favourite?
The more pleasant is the onion rings yeah.
And then these I don't mind any of these actually. I put them in order the ding dong
the mix nutes  is quite nice. Different flavours. The corns are okay I don't mind that
I think the peas I'll probably
go onion rings, peas, ding dong and corn snacks
We are done with savoury snacks so we will proceed the sweet snacks
So firstly is....No I'd like to leave that till last. I like to try that one!
So you like to try this one?
You've got this... see ...oh cuz they are packed in together. I see.
I think you'll like this
Smells good isn't it? Smell like...what's that?
Very good
Try it. What the smell? Ube. Ube flavour
But you will like it
mm-hmm..Oh this is bad I'll just keep eating these
Very good isn't it? mmm..Right put the lid on
Very moreish of those. Come on lets try the other things to try
Did you like it? I give them a nine out of ten. Nine out of ten. That's for the...supersticks
Oh think this is not sweet this is actually
a savoury, sky flakes I'm so sorry but
it's just nice a nice taste John so the next
one is the sky flakes
Is it like a cracker? Yeah
So this is like....so this will be blunt and boring then
You never had it so don't judge
You might like it. Okay here it is.
Well you need to put cheese on them. I don't know if you actually realise these are actually made for cheese
because you put a little
bit of cheese right and what you do.
You do that to them and you put your cheese on there. Like that.
Yeah but in the Philippines we don't have
or we don't.. we just eat this as it.We put cheese in it
So do you like that? Little salty in it?
What's the rate of this? Five. Five!!!?? Six with cheese
Seven with Stilton
Eight with cheese, stilton and a glass port
The next one is..what are this? Mr. Keso. And what's Mr. Keso? It's a sweet, candy.
Chewy cheese candy with cheese filling
Could be here a while guys
How do you find it John? He struggling
No. i'm just trying to think of..yeah there is a slight taste of cheese in but it's quite sweet though isn't it?
It's okay. It's okay. I wouldn't go out and buy them just a sweeties. And the next one is...It's okay. It's okay
And the next one is Mr. Yema. I am very sorry for the light....are you okay?
I am very sorry for the light changing because we using the natural light at the moment
What flavour are they? It's a chewey yema candy with coco filling
Coco!?Oh this quite be good then. Yeah.
I like Mr. Yema
There you are
It's very similar to Mr. Keso
I might have one as well while John is
chewing
It takes a moment for them to soften . Yeah. This is better taste than the other.The other one?
because it's the coco taste I like or chocolate I should say
So among the two which one is your
favourite? This one Mr. Yema
So I'll save this for me and you can have them
I like this! Very good those.
I give nine out of ten. Oh another nine.
The last but not the least is magic creams. Could you tell me what't the magic  about them?
I don't know. Or is it all in the flavour
Probably
Magic cream is buttered flavour cream cracker sandwich
Cream cracker sandwich.Let's do one then let's go for it.
Here it is Senor. Is that one?There you are. Oh that's big would like some?No I'm fine
Okay then
And for them. See, there you go
You like them?
