hey friends it's therese and welcome back 
to my channel. today's video is going to  
be something just to smidge different this 
time around. well since it's like api month,  
i'm only reading books written by filipino 
authors, i thought -- i decided -- that i also  
shared some of my favorite filipino movies now 
some of these guys are available on netflix in  
america so you all should be able to access them. 
however you would like i think only one or two of  
them... the one definitely is not on netflix 
because i have only seen that very “legally”.  
i don't know about the other one but it was on 
netflix last time i checked... like a year ago.  
but if it's not i'll just 
throw it up on the screen here.  
anyway before we get into it before we get into it 
um apologize because not because the philippines  
loves their love teams, they love having 
couples that are couples in real life be couples  
in movies. so a lot of these casts 
of characters are going to be repeats  
and that's just a lot of what's also on netflix. 
so i've watched a lot of these because one, my dad  
went through a kick at the beginning quarantine 
and watched all the filipino movies -- or at  
least the majority of them and then now my 
boyfriend is going through a kick because  
he's trying to learn the language so he's like 
“i'll understand it better if i can hear it in  
a more consistent manner” so like basically every 
movie night that we have we're like “do you want  
to watch a filipino movie?” and he's like “yes! 
i have some on my list that i haven't seen yet.”  
so let's get into it. the first one actually, 
the first... i think four are actually ones  
that one some of them i think are re-watches 
for me because i watched them before i had my  
boyfriend but when we were in zion he wanted to 
watch filipino movies when we were relaxing. so  
the first one is actually one that we watched 
and that was new to both of us and that is the  
how’s of us. i'm pretty sure a lot of these guys 
are directed by cathy molina-garcia which like  
her talent for directing some of these like really 
good films is like -clicks tongue- top tier. and  
like i'm sure there i don't know how well she 
is outside of these movies that i haven’t seen,  
but the movies that i have seen her like i'm i'm 
very content and very happy with how everything's  
kind of played out in all of them, in all the ones 
and all the movies that i've seen that she has  
directed. so like if y'all are looking for a good 
kind of cute but also kind of emotional filipino  
movie to watch definitely recommend something 
that cathy molina-garcia has directed because  
that's good. this is a 2018 release directed by 
cathy molina-garcia starring kathryn bernardo  
and daniel padilla. i don't know i want to 
say it like spanish padilla like padilla  
but i've heard my parents say padill-a so i don't 
know... but this is about a young couple who met  
in high school and as the years passed they ended 
up staying at her great aunt's home like her  
her family home but however as you know they 
grow as a couple things don't always work out  
in terms of dreams and they soon find out that 
like you know love can only carry them so far.  
and now we're coming back to them having returned 
back to this childhood home where they both have  
ownership to the home and they're trying to 
figure out how to make the situation work  
but also accept the fact that they have to sell 
this home that they they fell in love in and  
fell out of love in. this was actually a very 
emotional very emotional watch. i didn't get...  
i don't think i cried during this one but it was 
just it was so good and i think it really kind of  
aside from the ending it does exemplify the idea 
of like how love starts and how it continues and  
how most of the times it ends. and you know like 
filipinos have this very idealistic version of  
love where like you do... like i can't spoil 
it but it's a very idealistic thing where like  
no matter what you always get a happy ending 
and i really like this one i feel like  
it shows kind of the whole like trope of like 
crappy man like a good guy who kind of falls on  
his knees like falls down and can't really pick 
himself back up and kind of drags the girl along.  
and the girl picks herself back up after the 
situation and kind of makes the situation better  
for herself but the man who kind of realizes 
where he's in comes back and tries to actively  
make a positive change and show her that i have 
change and like “while i'm still i still have  
these feelings for you and would like to continue 
a relationship it's kind of up to you.” i enjoyed  
this like i you know it is how it is but i think 
that this one has a really nice way of like having  
that active participant of the man showing up and 
be like i have changed and i'm willing to show you  
the ways that i have changed and show you that i 
will be better in the future should this chance,  
should this opportunity, if you give me a second 
chance presents itself. sometimes i feel like in  
certain filipino movies you don't really get the 
like full on like oh yeah this is what i this  
is like i have changed you just kind of have to 
like get them to apologize and that's about it.  
but i highly recommend this one definitely 
like one of my favorites that i've seen so  
far it's kind of it's cute and it's sad and it's 
a very grown up kind of like love story, i want to  
say. the next one is actually a personal favorite 
of mine, i rewatched this with my boyfriend never  
on a trip and like i fell asleep because when i 
re-watch movies i fall asleep. but that is between  
maybes. this is directed by jason paul laxamana? 
Jason paul laxamana. i don't know how to pronounce  
the x in tagalog so, apologies. this one has julia 
barretto and gerald anderson -- my accent comes  
and goes, it's fine. this is about a young kind of 
has-been actress who wants to kind of branch out  
and she doesn't really know what she wants to do 
with her career but her parents are forcing her to  
stay within this limited, very this limited acting 
scheme. so as an act of rebellion she runs away  
to japan and runs into this filipino young man who 
is currently living in japan and it's just kind of  
them falling in love while both of them are this 
in this weird between state in their lives. i love  
this movie. i love this movie. like there are 
some parts of this movie where you're like what?  
and i feel like the overall kind of like message 
with it is just like the idea of like falling in  
love with someone when you're in this weird stage 
in life and like no matter how hard you want to  
make it work out sometimes the easiest thing 
is to kind of see that there's a time and a  
place for both of you and maybe it's not now. i 
want to talk about this ending because i cried.  
i cried during this ending i was just like it was 
one of those things where like i'm so used to like  
kind of happy endings in filipino movies that when 
it comes to what this ending was i was just like
was not expecting. was not emotionally prepared. 
but here we are, here we are. highly recommend it.  
I--i think it's like it's just it's such a good 
movie i love it so much and i'll probably keep  
rewatching it you know that's about it the next 
one is one of one of my boyfriend's favorites  
actually. he like told me about it when we first 
started dating because he had apparently seen it  
in theaters in america? and i did not even know 
this movie had come out in america? he was like  
“yeah i was looking at cute movies to watch 
and this was kind of cute so i watched it.”  
and i was like “what?” but this is hello love, 
goodbye. this is also another cathy molina-garcia  
directed film again she's just good. And it stars 
kathryn bernardo and ethan de la rosa... oh no  
no that's his character! it stars alden richards. 
this is about a young girl who moves to china or  
hong kong? hong kong! who moves to hong kong 
to help bring back money to her family's work  
and also kind of gain enough money to go move 
to canada to be a nurse which has always been  
her dream so she could help out her family and 
bring them over to i believe either canada or the  
states. but she is growing kind of desperate we're 
trying to gain enough money within a certain time  
frame that she takes on kind of like an illegal 
job for filipino residents in hong kong because  
you can only be i believe a health health care 
worker? a caretaker? yeah caretaker while you're  
there unless you are currently living there and 
she runs into ethan, who works at a bar in the  
area. this is such a cute movie again it's just 
like following along those similar lines of like  
meeting someone and loving them in this 
very in-between stage in both of your lives  
and then either figuring out like “do we want to 
try this? do we want to wait? will you wait? what  
is going on?” it's just a very warm movie about 
two people open from very different situations  
opening up to the other person i can see why 
my boyfriend enjoyed it. he was very excited  
to have me watch it and i cried because i'm 
an emotional crybaby and i cry at everything.  
this the next one is four sisters and a wedding 
also directed by cathy molina-garcia. there  
is a long list of cast so i'll just pop 
up the list here because i will forget.  
this is about a family who of four 
close-knit sisters and a young  
a younger brother. these four sisters over time 
have kind of grown apart for reasons of their own.  
that is until one day they found out that their 
younger brother whom they're very protective of,  
is getting married to a girl that he barely 
knows. so the four sisters come together and  
try to i guess break apart the marriage while 
also ignoring their own outside problems.  
i watched this with my family, it does have a 
moment where i do cry but i think it's just kind  
of my personal projection more than that. it's 
a very funny kind of movie very i want to say  
dramatic, very over the top but i really enjoyed 
it and i think the acting is very good and i like  
the the cast that they included in this movie. 
this next one is a 2016 release and that is vince,  
kath, and james. this was directed by theodore 
boborol. it stars julia barretto, joshua garcia,  
and ronnie alonte. this is a very cute movie 
it's basically kind of the other the other half  
if you guys have seen that netflix 
movie -- which i also recommend.  
this is about young vince who has a crush on kath. 
he's had a crush on her for a while and that is  
kind of puts him in an awkward situation where 
he agrees to let his cousin james to woo her. but  
since james apparently has no game, he asks vince 
to work to woo kath for him and in the process  
vince falls in love with kath. it was a very cute 
movie which was just one thing that we kind of  
picked the movie -- my boyfriend and i picked up 
on a whim. we were both like “well we're kind of  
running out of movies so which one?” and this one 
was very cute it's a lot of it's told through text  
and like twitter -- and like twitter and just kind 
of like the awkward stages of love where it's like  
you're trying to figure out what kind what 
you look for in a person you're just kind  
of playing guessing games and like putting 
people in very awkward positions. it has a  
very happy ending although i will say that 
with the ending it does feel super rushed so  
it doesn't like... my boyfriend pointed out he was 
like “yeah i feel like they kind of forced it in  
there just to have a happy ending.” so if you are 
going to watch it watch out for the ending and let  
me know how you all feel because it does feel just 
a lot of it rushed. i'm so stupid i've somehow  
been saying cathy molina-garcia but her name is 
cathy garcia-molina. i'm so sorry. the next one  
is also another one by cathy garcia-molina and 
that is three words to forever. again kind of a  
nice cast i will throw them pictures up here. but 
this is about a couple who has been together for  
a while but you know as couples do things start to 
kind of hit a head at their relationship and they  
end up agreeing that it should be time for them 
to get a divorce. however their divorce or their  
plans to divorce fall on their uh the the girl's 
parents to um like their something something  
anniversary and they kind of have to keep it kind 
of hush-hush until the end of this anniversary.  
this is a very it's a very hard-hitting movie i 
feel like it talks about it like discusses kind  
of the range of the different stages of love. you 
have like the grandparents with a very old love,  
they've been together for a while they love 
each other and they work through their problems  
as the years go on, then you have another one 
where it's like meeting this couple this main  
couple at a crossroads where you're not sure where 
it's going but it doesn't feel like it how it used  
to and you don't exactly know why all you know 
is you guys have been arguing a lot you guys  
don't sleep in the same bed and you're starting 
to think that maybe separation is a better idea,  
then you have the daughter of the main couple  
who is the youngest couple who is a very much like 
fresh kind of love they think they're forever and  
they think they're perfect for each other and they 
want to be together forever and ever and ever.  
recommend this movie it was like i said kind 
of a bit more hard-hitting in terms of just  
like seeing the different variations of love 
and seeing how quickly something can dissolve  
without proper communication and kind of 
emphasizing the importance of communication  
and just faithfulness to each other and how 
quickly and kind of rock relationships how  
you can skew words and twist things because you 
guys aren't in a secure place yourself. highly  
recommend this one. this next one is unexpectedly 
yours it's also directed by cathy garcia-molina  
i'll throw the cast up on the screen... but this 
is about a 50 year old woman who has been divorced  
who just recently divorced her husband and on her 
50th birthday she ends up getting really drunk  
and finds herself in the arms of a different man. 
whether or not they did something that night is  
still up for debate. but when she comes home 
the next day she finds out that that same man  
has moved into her neighborhood and that they 
used to be classmates and he has still held this  
torch on her to her for years. it was such a cute 
movie it's a very cute movie and it kind of dives  
into the very many layers that tends to happen 
for a lot of filipino women where they feel like  
they have to fit a certain mold to make the people 
around them happy without listening they actually  
made themselves pretty miserable in the process i 
love this movie i highly recommend it i think the  
cast did a wonderful job of showing what it's like 
to be at like at a more mature stage in their life  
while trying to navigate this weird kind of 
like fresh love that everyone's feeling. this  
next one is a bit of a sillier movie but i it's 
still very cute and that is i love you to the  
stars and back this is directed by oh my god i'm 
so bad with names today... antoinette jadaone?
this stars julia barretto and joshua 
garcia probably at the height of their like  
relationship because they did star in a couple 
of films during their two-year relationship.  
this is about a young girl who believes in aliens 
and after she hears some pretty upsetting news to  
her about her family life, she decides to run 
away and get abducted by aliens at the top of a  
mountain whose name i'm forgetting but i'll throw 
it on the screen if i remember. and then she ends  
up running into this young man who has a terminal 
illness and as they kind of go on this weird rag  
tag road trip together they find themselves in 
a short span falling in love with each other.  
i cried. like i really liked this movie 
in the sense that it was it started out  
pretty silly but it does discuss some pretty 
heavy topics about just like the difficulties  
of family and the difficulties of 
sickness and illness and how we  
kind of cope through all that and what we 
do to cope through these difficult times.  
i cried at a lot of this situation because it was 
very unexpected it was like it wasn't like tears  
leaking it was like sobbing and my boyfriend was 
just kind of sitting there like “did not expect  
this in this reaction from her so... she says 
she's gonna be okay but we're just gonna hug her  
until she stops crying and wants to talk 
about it” but it's such a cute movie  
and i think that again it's one of those instances 
where like these people fall in love and like in  
a short time they get to know all of their 
flaws and all of the good things about them  
and then decide whether or not they will be 
a good fit in this current moment or if there  
should be enough time, enough room for them to 
grow as people before they come back together.  
highly recommend this one it was such a mess of 
a movie but in a good way. this one is one that  
i was actually pretty excited for because it was 
the first kind of like lesbian romance from the  
philippines that i had seen and that is baka bukas 
which in english it means maybe tomorrow. i don't  
know if that translation has changed with the 
slang but my understanding is it's maybe tomorrow.  
this was directed by samantha lee and it stars 
jasmine lee curtis. this is about a young girl  
who is like trying to pitch her own tv show idea 
and like she just this is what she wants but in  
the process she falls in love with her best friend 
and has been secretly in love with her for years  
and it's about them trying to navigate this weird 
experience that both of them are in and trying  
to navigate very much not even internalized the 
very the very homophobic culture that is in the  
philippines today. i think i need to give this one 
a re-watch just because i think it was like the  
first philippine movie i had seen because i was an 
itty-bitty child i was like this came out in 2016.  
so i was like 20 by the time this came out so i 
didn't have like a super strong attachment to it  
but i think i need to rewatch it again because 
it's definitely a movie that i was just like  
“oh.” but i do recommend it because like 
you know it's lgbt. the next two are horror  
movies and they're not top tier. this isn't like 
hereditary or even the conjuring kind of top tier  
but this first one is called eerie and this came 
out in 2019 and was directed by mikhail redd. and  
it stars bea alonzo. it's been a minute since 
i've seen this but it follows this young kind  
of catholic school teacher counselor in this town 
where these deaths just suddenly start occurring  
and no one really understands going on and 
she kind of tries to get to the b she somehow  
gets thrown in the middle of it when one of her 
students is put in danger. and she tries to get  
in the on in the bottom... to the to the bottom 
of things. it's a good movie i wasn't i'm still a  
little bit like unsure about how i feel about the 
ending but i think in terms of a filipino movie  
it did well of like building up the problem and 
like solidifying the relationships between the  
characters and all this fun stuff i feel 
like with some filipino movies it's not  
that built up like i saw um oh my god my 
accent shot... pagpag nine lives or something  
with my boyfriend and his 
roommates last week and it was...
it was something. but this one i feel like 
it has a nice build up and i really enjoy  
it and i probably will re-watch i just need 
to understand how i feel about the ending.  
this is one that i'm not sure is on netflix 
because it was on their last time and online  
is saying it's there but i could be wrong... so 
this last one is an also another horror movie  
and that is sukob. this is directed by chito es 
ronyo. so it follows a filipino superstition where  
if if a if a relative gets married or dies you 
cannot get married within that year or else your  
marriage will also have some pretty bad luck 
surrounding it. i really like this primarily on  
the aspect of the superstition just because it's 
it was focused solely on this one superstition and  
you kind of have to piece together exactly what's 
going on between these two separate couples.  
highly recommend it it's not like i don't remember 
it being super creepy but it has been a minute  
since i've seen it so i could be very wrong but i 
like this movie nonetheless. i recommend it it's a  
very interesting take on superstitions and i would 
like to see more horror movies centered around  
filipino superstitions because the lord knows 
we have a lot. but that is it for my favorite  
filipino movies i want to add i am going to plan 
to add more to this list. uh right now i'm very  
limited to netflix i do need to like broaden my 
view outside of netflix but like with streaming  
services netflix is kind of the easy one so... if 
you all have any suggestions for filipino filipino  
movies i feel like we have to have some paranormal 
romances in here like some action something if you  
guys have any suggestions leave those in the 
comments down below, but until next time hit  
like subscribe comment and hopefully y'all found 
a good movie to watch with with my suggestions  
hope you guys are having a wonderful week and 
i'll speak to you guys in my next vlog bye!
