Lets eat!
 
hello everyone welcome to our Channel
How are you? Today we are going to do lots of things
We will go to a picnic and other fun things
show you guys a Filipino party over here
in LA. Shout out to "The Pros" and "Kawai"
Sammi its okay if you don't wanna watch
we know you're busy right Andrew?
but you just have to think of one thing December is right around the corner
First, since the picnic is "potluck" style
we will be picking up the egg rolls that we ordered and do you want some boba drinks?
so we will go to a buy one get one free boba
Andrew where are we going?
If you are going to a picnic its better to have chairs. So lets go there!
Why is it called 5 and below?
because everything is $5 and below apparently (duh!)
so everything here is $5.00 and below very cheap
so this is where we are gonna buy are chair. How many time will we use it anyways right?
After our Prime Haul we need to save money. Right Andrew?
oh these are the chairs that we're
looking for five bucks lawn chair so how
chairs there's tons of stuff we're gonna
have definitely do another video just
Tell them Wait for the 5 Below Haul
(Struggling)
Wait for the 5 Below Haul
perfect! So, guys, our things are complete and we are ready for the picnic
like what two chairs and like some
little toys for the kids and whatever
we also brought our bike and Andrew's boosted board. You will see it later!
We are the dessert committee with cinnamon on top!
Let's Eat!
I don't know what this game is, I just joined!
Why all of a sudden there are so many winners?
okay there we go yeah now you buy your own ice cream
I give you the money you buy the ice cream there
So we are here in Griffith Park we are gonna go biking. This is a Super 73 Electric Bike, its a hybrid
you can pedal it and it runs with a motor (battery)
20 miles per hour at the range is 25
miles so the battery lasts 25 miles
I am excited now let's go
if you wanna try the Super 73 there is a link below
so that's a Filipino party over here in
LA. Im exhausted!
least there's a lot of food of course
Food, games, ice candy
yeah yeah and then we got a bike and
everyone was playing they like football
or frisbee or something and we get together, people from Ibaan (Andrew's hometown in Batangas) some come from
San Francisco, Canada. We are all
here in Griffith Park having a picnic
like the big thing oh yeah so now it's
time to get take out
If you liked this video please like
and subscribe see ya
