Hello everyone, welcome to Explore ORZ. How are 
you guys doing? Hope you guys have an amazing day  
today. So today, we are going to share about the 
top 7 most beautiful Philippines girls that you  
guys don't know and probably know. So let's check 
it out! An intense history that exceeds boundaries  
has created many varieties of attraction and 
beauty in the Philippines. What’s awesome is  
that there is no single model for pretty women. 
For decades, women expressing the full color of  
Filipino beauty showcased their beautiful 
looks and unique talent to global viewers.  
Filipino women are some of the stunning women 
on the planet. Their physique, appearance,  
face-cut, and many impossible choices could 
make any man in this world go mad for them.  
Filipino women look so elegant and beautiful that 
it’s difficult not to fall in passion with them.  
Here are some of the most attractive 
Filipino ladies today who serve the  
greatest of the best the country needs to offer.
Number 7 is Pia Wurtzbach. Pia Wurtzbach rose to 
global popularity after she conquered the Miss  
Universe 2015 show, which, as the treasures of 
the planet, after Steve Harvey’s fail of crowning  
Miss Colombia first. Pia’s attraction leads to 
worldwide fame, and she continues at the top of  
the most attractive Filipino ladies even today. 
She was born in Stuttgart, Germany, in 1989.  
Not only does her German-Filipino family clean 
with or without structure or expensive clothes,  
but she will also always be appreciated 
for being positively beautiful with a soul.  
Pia’s wax statue carries a model of the iconic 
Swarovski-embellished gorgeous blue marble  
gown by Michael Cinco, which she dressed when she 
started on the crown in 2016. Clothing up her wax  
structure and designing the Philippines country 
is already a credit and the best experience in  
her career. It is an intangible fantasy come true. 
As a glamour queen, star, and generous, it’s no  
wonder that Pia was elected to become the explorer 
Filipino wax statue at the world-renowned display.
Number 6 is Janine Gutierezz. Timeless 
Barbie-like appearances describe Janine’s beauty.  
While her gorgeous eyes pull you in, make 
no error about this good-looking girl.  
She was born in 1989 in Quezon City, Manila, 
the Philippines, on October 2. She owns the  
smarts to proceed with her expressions and 
is a graduate of Ateneo de Manila University,  
one of the top universities in the nation and the 
planet. The bane of traditional beauty is prompt.  
In the past, women always bore the burden of 
being inspired and decreased for something  
they hardly had any support for. Janine is 
an excellent example. Limited to transform  
attractiveness clichés, she starts her career in 
surprising directions, concentrating more on her  
filmography rather than her fame. She won a Best 
Actress Honor at the 43rd Gawad Urian. Lately,  
Janine won the Upcoming Star Award in the New 
York Asian Film Festival for her determined role  
in the quarantine movie Dito at Doon in 2020. She 
remains a powerful female lead in a future Auraeus  
Solito-directed cinema, where she performs as a 
washed-out child player who uses lockdown single.
Number 5 is Maine Mendoza. Classic Filipina class, 
which combines a humble and wholesome character,  
reflects from Maine Mendoza. Her simple beauty, 
mixed with sharp jokes and a charming smile,  
easily presents her as one of the 
most attractive Filipino women now.  
She was born in 1995 in Santa Maria, 
Bulacan, on March 3. In-person,  
Mendoza is the ideal millennial who is constantly 
on her transport. But she said that her parents  
don’t let that happen while they’re eating or 
spending time together. Mendoza’s supporters  
love her and resist stereotypes. Yes, she is a 
beautiful girl, but she decided to be a comedian.  
She is shy and self-conscious in person, but 
she burns up in an expression of a camera.
Number 4 is Julia Baretto. When it grows 
to perfect beauty that hits out the match,  
look no extra than Julia Barretto. Julia 
was born on March 10 in Marikina City,  
Manila, the Philippines, in 1997. She is a 
member of the Barretto family, whose women  
are identified for their beauty and showbiz 
power. Starting up in the spotlight isn’t easy.  
Julia has been loved and hated, but she’s the 
only one to be disturbed: She knows herself,  
Julia knows what her own is able of, and she has 
circled herself with a lasting support method.  
Last year, Julia started existing on her own. She 
has since shared impressions of her secret life on  
her YouTube channel, like buying for Christmas 
décor, vlogging with her mom and her siblings,  
attracting viewers to see what a time in 
her life seems like, and she loves cooking.
Number 3 is Nadine Lustre. She's one of the most 
famous and gorgeous Filipino ladies in 2021.  
She can change her expressions using hairstyles 
and makeup, but her charming beauty always glows  
through. She was born on October 31, in Quezon 
City, Manila, Philippines, in 1993. She also  
has an undeniably beautiful physique that is 
visible to enthusiasts and admirers alike.  
Now, the struggle to live in character—her 
personal, that is—has cleared off tenfold. Nadine  
has enlarged her scope to include passion plans 
that require a lot of self-expression and artistic  
control, including theory work for the JaDine 
Revolution performance, a venture to record,  
and an eponymous perfume. Nadine admits today 
that her current point of view, work duties,  
and creative races all built the grounds 
of a special brand. But she opines that  
the mentioned brand only grew into success 
after discovering her name on social media.
Number 2 is Kathryn Bernado. Kathryn Bernardo 
is well-known to fans from all across the world.  
She has legions of supporters, and her understated 
elegance has catapulted her to the attention. She  
has many excellent features, but it is arguably 
the effortless style she brings her beauty,  
making her beautiful. With Kathryn, less is more. 
She was born in Cabanatuan City, Philippines, on  
March 26, 1996. Kathryn has gained control of the 
reins of the world; at 23 years old, she's learned  
to grow as the leader of her future, declining 
to allow golden tickets to fate go unclaimed.  
One might say that she plans her chances 
rather than delays or waits for them. A  
lady like her doesn't make stories and set the bar 
of achievement by staying on standby; she studies  
for progress and guarantees she's at the heart of 
it. There's no uncertainty that Kathryn creates  
everything interesting. A lady is multi-faceted, 
continually changing to become her best character,  
including the unknown, leaving zero opportunity 
for doubt, all the while looking pretty as always.
Number 1 is Liza Soberano. Hope Elizabeth 
Soberano, or known as Liza Soberano, is a popular  
star in the Philippines. She is half American and 
half Filipino and a rebel to celebrity in the TV  
series. Her attractive beauty has captured 
the eyes and hearts of local supporters.  
She was born on January 4, in Santa Clara, 
California, United States, in 1998. But,  
her beauty has been of attention globally as 
well. Liza is the single Filipina who starred  
in the top 10 of the 100 Most Gorgeous Women in 
the World 2019 by Starmometer. Over the years,  
Liza has begun to become one of the most 
iconic teen actors in the Philippine industry,  
with records and starring actors she can hardly 
count. As the revival of being Liza Soberano  
proceeds to rank up, she never stops giving her 
thanks and love to her supporters and followers.  
And while living as a Liz, Serena, and 
Maybelline Girl begins with efficiency,  
it happens with so much fun that she 
ought to experience more than anyone.  
Liza Soberano is one of the most desired actresses 
of her age. Even as a complete standout among her  
companions, she is very friendly, and her 
innocence makes her even more beautiful.
Thanks for watching our video. If you like 
our video remember to help us like and share.  
If you have yet to subscribe to 
our youtube channel, remember to  
click on the subscribe button and hit 
the bell icon. So you will be able to  
receive the notification when we launch 
a new video. See you in our next video!
