Hey Guys you are watching Aurora's Vlog.
Today,  it is different kind's of episode.
We are going tp be talking
3 Key REASONS WHY FILIPINAS PREFER OLDER FOREIGNERS.
I will be talking more about this on my future uploads.
.and If this is your  first time watching Aurora's Vlog.
Please hit that subscribe button and like this specific video.
and let's get this video going.
Couples composed of younger Filipina females and older foreign males are not exactly new.
Ever since the Spanish conquered the Philippines, mostly through religion rather than military might,
there have been pairings of older white foreign males and younger filipinas.
In fact, some of the Philippines' most illustrious mestizo families and 'buena familia'
can trace their lineage to these colonial-era May-December unions.
This pattern didn't change much when the Americans came in 1898
and established military bases throughout the Philippine archipelago.
Indeed, even after independence in 1946, the only change in this, by now classic,
Pinay-foreigner pattern is the fact that increasingly older males from other cultures like Japanese
discovered the joys of Pinay-foreigner pairings. What gives?
Why are younger pinay-older foreigner pairings so prevalent?
You hardly see the reverse pattern (older pinoy-younger foreign female).
While it is tempting, and politically appealing in some nationalistic Pinoy circles,
to blame older foreign men and claim that they are the ones chasing their Pinay partners,
it is actually the reverse.
You don't have to be in the Philippines too long to quickly realize that,
if you are a foreigner-regardless of age, looks, and physical shape,
Filipinas will often make the first move.
In fact, you might be having an otherwise completely innocent conversation with a Filipina,
and she would invariably steer the conversation towards your dating status.
Indeed, this attraction to foreigners among many Filipinas transcends normal factors in the US like looks and age.
The good news is that most of the Filipina women attracted to older foreign men do have a method to their madness.
In fact, if you think about it hard enough, there is no madness in their preference for foreign men at all.
Here are the three most common reasons why Filipina girls prefer older foreigners.
First: THEY TEND TO BE MORE ESTABLISHED
Now, let's not beat around the bush The older you get, the more financially secure you are.
All those years of working tend to produce some, regardless of how modest, accumulated cash.
Before you say the phrase 'gold digger'-we don't need to go there.
Filipina women are looking for men who can provide for their families and loved ones.
This is a universal criteria applied to both Pinoy men and foreign men alike.
Filipina girls quickly figure out that the older a man is, the more established he is financially and the more he can provide for his family.
Women look instinctively for a provider and, in the eyes of many young Filipina women,
someone in their 40s probably can provide better than someone in their 20s-regardless of race or ethnicity.
If you are a foreigner who is over 30, you trigger this selection instinct in many Filipina women.
No. 2:THEY TEND TO BE MORE MATURE
If you ask a number of Filipina wives, many will tell you that they didn't marry their foreign hubby because he was extremely loaded,
or because he looks like Brad Pitt.
Instead, many WILL say they married their older husband because of his maturity.
Call it the 'Daddy Factor' as much as you want the truth is that women are looking for men
with the emotional maturity to have the right values and take care of their business and families the right way.
Most women, Filipinas and otherwise, aren't looking for men who act like babies. Instead, they want to be babied.
Is there anything wrong with that? After all, part of a man's job as a provider is to act as the emotional anchor and rock of the family.
Many Filipina girls go after older foreign guys because they can't wait for younger Pinoy guys to grow up.
In fact, in the case of many Pinoy guys who have a tough time providing for their Filipina girlfriends,
it is the girlfriend who is the breadwinner of the relationship. If you think this is all about money-it isn't.
It's about stepping up and being a man and maturing so you can get your act together and provide for those who depends on you-your wife and your kids.
Pinays view their relationships through this prism and many just don't have the time for guys who refuse to step up to the plate and man up.
Lastly, THEY ARE MORE LIKELY TO  TREAT A WOMAN RIGHT!
This goes hand in hand with the maturity factor we discussed here. A mature man knows how to treat his woman.
He may not wait on her hand and foot like many younger guys who make this part of their courting interest, but he knows how to take care of business.
This, of course, means giving your woman the right amount of respect and space. It also means listening to her and babying her as appropriate.
Younger men, since they are still trying to get their act together, often end up wanting to be babied themselves.
Many young Filipinas just don't have the time for this emotional neediness.
Indeed, they respect men who treat them with respect but can also be firm with them.
Younger guys quickly find out that the stereotype of the passive Asian female definitely doesn't apply to many filipina women.
You need to assert your space and your role in your relationship. And this means being firm.
Or else, you get rolled over and hectored. Sadly, this is the fate of many younger guys.
It takes an older guy who knows how the world works to establish firm roles in a relationship.
Many filipina women respect this and are actually looking for it.
While many Pinoy guys might chafe at the reasons provide above, these reasons make all the sense in the world.
Filipina women are just like women the rest of the world-they need emotional intimacy and support,
they need a caring a provider, and they are looking for someone solid to build a life with.
While many Filipino men fit the bill, Filipinas are open-minded about who can fill their need for a great life partner.
Unlike other nationalities, Filipinas are more open-minded about intercultural romances.
