Hi guys, Assalamu Alaikum. I'm Suki, I'm Zara and 
today we are going to react to Philippines  
or Indonesia which country is better ? This 
is a video that you requested guys, we don't  
like making comparisons between countries 
but since you requested this video, Let's see!
There is no subtitles guys!                                                
  we got another episode coming up right now 
a comparison of Philippines and Indonesia! 
what's up! my name is Leroy Kenton and  
I'm super excited for this episode because 
I love talking about Philippines and I love  
learning about Indonesia cuz these two places 
are like on the top of my priority list of places  
to visit like but enough about that you guys 
didn't come for that I want to jump right into  
this episode but before I do guys don't forget 
to give this video a big thumbs up and really  
if we pass 1,000 likes we'll definitely be doing 
more videos on the Philippines and Indonesia so  
if you guys love these countries and want us to do more videos  
hit that like button. okay! so first up I want 
to introduce the Philippines, the Philippines  
is an island country in Southeast Asia and the 
Philippines are named after King Philip II of  
Spain. there are more than 7,000 islands that 
make up the Philippines and hear this the  
Philippines supplies The rest of the world with 
approximately 25% of all the overseas nurses that  
are available in the entire world. Now the 
population... "I knew the informations in the the beginning but this  
last information I didn't know!" Philippines 
is pretty large at 105.8 million people and  
it's the 12th most populated country in the 
entire world. The population density of the  
Philippines is 311.12 per km2 and the Philippines has a total land area of 342,353 km2  
okay, so move over Philippines! Let's 
introduce Indonesia now! Indonesia is home to the  
world's biggest Muslim population with around 225 
million of them living in Indonesia and it's made  
up of 18,37 islands only Canada, Norway, Sweden and 
Finland have more. Now here's a fun fact: Instagram  
also revealed that Jakarta Indonesia is the city 
most often tagged in people's stories and the  
city is... "oh really?! wow!"  is like a super Melting 
Pot of food and culture. Now the population of  
Indonesia is ... "I think also Philippine has 
a melting pot of population! yeah! I think  
both of them have this side. yes! you're 
right!".. 265,832,411 and its population density is
I think it is more than Philippines, No! I think Philippines has more pop Density.
let's see the population... you see the Philippines
is more! yeah yeah! sorry guys!" is 
a lot larger with a land area of
1,945 169 km2. Now I want to compare these 
countries money as well as its economy with each  
other. Now the currency used in the Philippines 
is the Philippine piso and one Philippine piso  
equals 0.019 USD. The Indonesian currency is the 
Indunisian rupiah and one Indonesian rupiah equal  
0.000073USD... "I knew that the 
money of Philippine is piso but I didn't  
know the name of Indonesian money... so it is rupiah and I think that Philippines money USD
is more high than Indonesian USD."  
Sorry guys but we are discussing who has the highest value in USD
 
 
 
 
 
