Hello, My name is Ricky, And I'm Erica
Thank you so much for watching our videos!
We truly can't believe we have many new friends here in Youtube.
We truly appreciate all of your comments,  ideas and advices.
And many were also asking how we met.
So today, I'm going to ask Ricky about how we met.
I'm going to see if he still remembers.
Am I being tested?
I remember everything so clearly,
even it happened very long time ago.
I remember every bit of it.
I even remember the smell.
The whole story goes back to the point where I graduated high school.
After the graduation I went straight to join the army.
You know all Korea men, we must go to army for about two years.
When you're in the army you get desperate to meet girls.
Especially I broke up with my ex
Korean girlfriend while I was in the army.
She dumped me after a year  I think.
I got out on January, two months later (in March) I went to university.
On the first week of the semester, I made a couple of friends and then we went to army (oh...hahaha)
One of them is having a birthday party,
so on that weekend we went to this club.
You know I just got out of army, so all the
girls in the club on that night
they looked so beautiful, everyone. You know maybe I was even like
drooling staring at them.
You did?
Yeah..probably
And then, that's when I saw her, on that night.
Oooh, lucky me...
I first saw her near the
entrance, walking in, with her friend Joana.
Can I say her name?
Yeah, yeah
When I like saw her, I.......
I think I fall in LOVE
You're kidding!
It was dark, how can you fall in love.
Maybe because it was dark.
Did you know I was a Filipino?
I don't think so.  I was
kind of assuming that you are a
foreigner and maybe she was from one of the countries in SE asia
And at that time, I didn't know much about the Philippines.
But of course, now I'm like an expert, right?
I can even sing their national anthem.
So at that time, I really wanted
to approach to her and go talk to her.
But I was worried of getting myself
embarrassed in front of her friends. So I
was thinking the only way to go talk to her
was to get myself drunk. So I placed
myself at a bar and I kept having these
shots to make myself drunk. When I
finally had my courage, I stand up and I
looked for her and I couldn't find her.
Because she was so short and then she
was also surrounded by the tall people 
around so I couldn't spot her where she was.
I think few minutes later, I saw her saying goodbyes to her friends.
I think I followed her out. And we started to
talk and luckily she was nice to me.
And we found out that we go to the same
university. Then happened to live very nearby.
I lived in a dormitory in the campus and
she lived right beside the campus,
so we decided to share a cab together on the way back home.
Okay wait, wait
It's not safe going with a person you just met for the first time on that night.
But my friend Joana told me, she has a classmate celebrating his birthday on that club.
So when we got there, one of our friends told us that's Ricky, he is with us.
So I knew he is a friend of a friend.
So when he asked to share the taxi, I was so happy that I could share the fare with someone.
We got out of the cab together and I asked your number in front of your place.
Actually when you asked my number, the first thing that came out of my mind was
"Why is he asking my number? Maybe he likes one of my friends."
I was thinking, "Maybe he is just shy in approaching my friend, so he wanted to be friends with me first."
And then you know, there are circumstances when a guy befriend you because they like one of your friends.
I'm used to being the bridge.
After I got her number and I walked back
to my dormitory, and I was very happy
that I wasn't able to sleep on that night.
Really...Like thinking of.... should I
text her right now or should I text her
tomorrow or what should I say? And then
ofcourse we Koreans, we don't like
waiting.
I think I sent you a text next morning?
yeah I got shocked..Oh that was quick?
Maybe you really wanted to meet my friend.
And through text I found out, that she was
studying in Korea on a scholarship. She
was on her 4th year in chemical engineering.
And I was in my 1st year
in business. So I would expect there
would be some age gap because I just got
in and she was about to graduate.
Turns out that she's a year older than me. So at that time I think I called you like,
"Erica nuna"
Yeah... you used to call me nuna.
In Tagalog, it is Ate Erica.
I mean I don't do it anymore of
course.. but how about in the Philippines?
R: Do you call your girlfriend, Ate?
E: No no. It's weird
How about if it's a Kuya?
I mean do you call your boyfriend
Kuya? If he's older than you?
No...
So I asked her out for dinner.
That was my first date after I got out
from the Army with a girl. So I was very excited.
And I put my favorite clothes, I
did my hair, and then I tried to look best as possible.
But the way she came out was very natural. She was wearing a sporty jacket with some jeans.
Very casual, definitely not an
outfit for a date. And on that night
we went to downtown, had a hamburger there.
So that was the memory of our first date for me.
But was it a date for you?
Actually I didn't know it was a date.
Because, I really thought you were
interested with one of my friends.
Who?
I'm not going to tell you.
I didn't expect it would be a date and I just think it is impossible for him to like me.
So I didn't even dream of it.
What was that?
I think it was impossible for you to like me that's why I didn't even dream of it.
Why would you say that? It's not true. You are so beautiful.
Okay, let's continue..
So after the first date, we started to hang out together.
But I somehow had this feeling that
she was not serious in our relationship.
The reason why I thought that way was
and actually I want to ask you guys
a question, especially to Filipinas, to the ladies
Because she's been giving me some
negative signs, like for example,
when we were starting, she mentioned few
times that she wanted to go to Jeju Island.
You know what I'm gonna say?
I don't know? What?
So, I prepared a trip for both of us.
I asked her if she wants to join and what she did was...
She brought her friend.
I mean, if she was really interested in me,
wouldn't she want it to be more private?
And actually the friend she brought was
the friend she came to the club with, on
the first night that we met.
What do you? I think guys will agree.
No, I wouldn't agree with you.
Okay, the reason I brought my best friend with me is  because
we've been really wanting to go to Jeju
ever since. We heard that public transportation
in Jeju is not so good.
You mean, public
transportation.
Yeah the public transportation.
And you'll need a car and
then when you told me that you can
drive us around there I got so excited. And I'm like YEY! Joana, let's go!!
Ricky's going drive us in Jeju, so
yeah I brought her with me since it's
also our last year in Korea you know, at that time.
During the whole trip we were three of us.
I think we enjoyed it right?
Especially you made me a photographer.
I didn't know girls take photos that many.
After the Jeju, we went to Jeju in June right?
July and August, we had these two months
of vacation before we start a new semester
in September. During those two
months of vacation we lost contact.
neither did I or her contacted each other.
Because I took bringing her friend
to our trip, as a sign that she doesn't
think of me more than a friend.
Not only that, from March to like June until the point where we went to Jeju, I was
always the one who asked her out, I was
the one who always like, thinking of what
to do she was very passive.
Those days, I was very shy to text him first.
I just waited your text and you know I
was in my last year in the university so
I was very busy in the laboratory and my
thesis. Then you came into my world
shakening me. I really really like you
already but you being gone in those two
months made me realize that I like you
more than I thought.
Why didn't you text me then?
Because I'm a Filipina and we are
very Pakipot.
What is Pakipot?
Playing hard to get. Even if we like you,
we act like we don't like you.
I became so EMO, dark make up. Kind of like EMO style.
Then I made a cover song and then posted it on Facebook.
HAHAHA I'm so shy...
Song title: Never Knew I Needed by NEYO
When new semester started, I think I
texted you first again.
yeah yeah. So when, I received your message, I was like so happy.
OMG!! He texted me!! and then I replied right away.
But that's not pakipot.
Because, I didn't want to miss the opportunity anymore.
Let's do it!!!
We started to hang out again.
And I confessed to you in October.
Right? So there was a
big lake in the city and then we went
there and then we got on a boat and I
made a confession there.
Like, will you be my girlfriend?
And then she said yes.
That was the best day of my life!
Really?
Because I waited
and waited and waited for too long...
And then a few months later graduation
came but since my family couldn't come
to Korea I was really sad. But I was glad
that Ricky was there for me.
Someone I didn't know I would be marrying!!
You didn't know?
After her graduation, she's supposed to go back
to the Philippines but she decided to go
for a master. And then
we were able to continue the
relationship. And what got us really
close was traveling together. You know
once you like go on a trip together, you
get to be together from the bed to.....
Why don't you just say from morning until night?
oh yeah yeah....
Rated PG
You get to be together the whole time!
So you get to know more about, what kind this person is made of.
That's how it all got started..
I'd like to thank Joana, her friend, who
brought her to the club on that night.
Also for joining our trip.
And of course
I'd like to thank Erica most of all
for accepting me...
Thank you!
Our love story is also not perfect.
We also have many ups and downs
before getting married...like,
long distance relationship, break ups, parents in law..
Specially Ricky's family
is a little bit conservative.
In my family, I am the only
one who married a foreigner and I'm proud
of that of course. I am very proud that I
married Filipina and I try my best to
make Erica comfortable as possible.
Especially when she is with my family.
Actually me and Erica, we are planning to
go visit my grandmother's house next
weekend. For the first time,
to introduce her to my grandmother.
My grandmother hasn't met her yet....so
I'm a little nervous...
We hope we can share you many of our stories.
Thank you again for watching our
video^^
Goodbye!
