what's up guys i made it to the Cebu City
in the Philippines and it was like 14 or 15
hours travel time overnight so I basically
slept in pretty late and now I am I’m staying
near the IT square or the IT part in Cebu
city because it's actually really close to
the American consulate and I have to get my
passport renewed or else I won't really be
able to keep traveling throughout Southeast
Asia because they most countries in Asia require
you to have at least six months validity left
on your passport and I'm going to cross that
in a few days so I will be here for a month
but i do plan to go to Thailand after so i
have to get a new passport before that yeah
so it's been raining all day it finally cleared
up and I'm going to go check out this place
called Ayala shopping centre which is really
right across from my hotel here and I'm up
on the sixth floor so I got a pretty decent
view show what else I'm going to go to do
shopping and I need to find some food and
then second order of business is getting some
laundry done I've been traveling for more
than a couple weeks and I really need to do
laundry
[Music]
Ayala shopping centre is one of the largest
shopping centres in the Philippines so if
you can’t find it here they don’t make
it
[Music]
I just got attacked by three or four Filipino
women very touchy-freely holding my hands
asking where I'm staying and if they can come
swimming at my hotel I think I know what that
was about.
May not be long time
[Unintelligible]
I am just doing some shopping
[Woman talking]
Not today thank you
Woman: why not?
Thank you.
Luckily there is a laundry service right next
to the hotel and I’m going to take all my
clothes to get washed so I have to pay for
the express service so that my clothes will
be ready tomorrow morning.
Now I really don't know what to do so if any
of you guys have been to the Philippines before
or been a particular Cebu city let me know
what I should do around here because I’m
here for a week while I renew my passport.
And I don't know it seems like a pretty big
city so there's got to be something to do.
I’m going to keep trying to make vlogs like
this because it's just one of those things
you got to do to get better at it and so hopefully
I’ll be able to show you guys cool things
around the city until I get out off the beaten
path into some island and doing more cool
stuff.
It’s starting to rain, it's raining yeah
it's raining I get another good reason to
be using the iphone7 cause it's basically
waterproof so I don't have to worry about
it if it was my Sony camera I would be a little
bit worried but this is all right I don't
mind rain this is not snow alright guys.
Mission accomplished I'm back to the hotel
and my laundry is going to be ready tomorrow.
Which is awesome it has been like just about
two weeks now without being able to do any
laundry and I didn't pack that many clothes
because I have so much camera gear.
They were pretty strict about the weight of
my baggage when I took air Asia the other
airlines didn't mind that I was a couple kilos
over but air Asia did charge me because I
was like 4-5 kilos over the 20 kilo limit
on your baggage.
And I think I had to pay fifty or sixty dollars
US for that extra.
I just didn't want to have to repack I really
didn't have any room, and my carry-on to take
extra weight off.
So I'm going to have to figure that out going
back but I'm just to giving you guys a heads
up.
If you're traveling to Asia make sure that
you try to pack light, but there are plenty
of laundry services so far that I'm seeing.
They wash and dry and fold your clothes for
you and it's relatively inexpensive.
I picked the Express service and I think it's
going to cost 189 pesos which is really really
good deal to get all that laundry done so
yeah I’m just going to see if I can figure
out anything else to do here tonight in Cebu
and other than that yeah it's really not much
I can say.
[Music]
