Hi guys all right? I am Luckas as everybody knows
today we return to do more reactions here in the channel
today the reaction will be special for Fili-pop, pop-Pinoy, P-pop
What is the music of the Philippines.
we had a few videos, but we quite yet.
OK? And soon I will make my top 5 songs
Philippines, hope you like it.
Well, today is the group Pop Girls
I had already made another reaction to another song of them, very good
I really liked it, and they did
comeback a little time and sent me the music calls Prinsesa
5 is a girl group girls
and the music seems to be really cool and I'm excited to see, let's see
1 2 3 and have
starts since throwing hair
look, will be dancing well, the way I like it!
looks so arrives
Filipino girls are very beautiful
not leave behind
and girl power, they
Then I love, lately I've
seen enough of Fili-pop also
and has many good songs
if you know more songs, tell me in the comments so I can see here
some other
Look, it's really cool. Better than the other
I mean, every song is improving.
and mv is well recorded, the taques call me much attention
longer I want this song
Good I like the Philippines, it is in the Philippines
they use Spotify. Thailand not.
Only Deezer, or Itunes, and I do not either.
So I have to download the songs to listen to, unfortunately
The Filipino language calls me a little attention
because some things reminds the Spanish
and I speak fluent. Because...
If I do not mistake me the Philippines was colonized by Spain.
a good time right, then some words remind
and remember English also some things that have been adapted.
I hope more people can view as the Fili-pop is coming
to shake us
congratulations
I'm already registered.
Viva Records which is the label of these and other artists who have gone now.
It is very good and is doing very good mvs
I really liked it, I want to see ever again.
thank you for you who saw this video here I hope you enjoyed.
a pro pessal Philippines kiss are few but are seeing here
And I know the Philippines one day too. Maybe you are not there?
if you liked gives like comments shares do not forget to subscribe to the channel
not to miss the next videos Pinoy-pop! Goodbye
