Hi guys, this is Kelly and today I'll be
talking about the first impression of the Philippines.
Just a disclaimer that um the things that
I'll be sharing today is very personal
and please don't bash about it. So, let's get started! So the very first
impression I had about the Philippines
is that this country is really hot.
I mean about the weather. It was really hot. I got here around October.
The last stretch of October and as soon as I got off from the plane it was really hot.
I really can feel the difference, the
temperature difference from the airplane and
the bridge (?) do we say, the passage going to the airport. It was just really few
seconds or we can say a mimute of
me traveling to the airport but oh that was
it really felt long because it was
really hot um well I don't know if I
can't really see if this is the first
impression of the Philippines but that's
what I felt about the weather because it
was really late at night and I was young
and what I really
Aside from the weather,
What I felt about the Philippines, the Filipinos, is that they're really
kind welcoming and accommodating.
Actually, it was my first time traveling
outside of the country so I was half
excited and half worried about me going
out of my own country my mother country
so when I got here those worries were
a little carried away because they were
really kind and even if they don't know me
they're smiling at me all the time and
yes they're smiling and they really tried to
make me fit in. They were really nice to
me so that's one of the factor why I was
able to adjust fast and well in the settings
and also I really liked, I really like the
very festive culture of the Philippine. Their Christmas starts since September
all the way to December. And, they have Holloween.
I guess those Koreans who went to tutorial
centers or academies in Korea for English, I guess they have
thought on Halloween or like in
celebration but my parents really
don't encouraged to attend tutorial centers at an early age so I never got to experience those kind of stuffs.
I mentioned a while ago that I got here
in the Philippines around the last
stretch of October. Actually, that was
October 30 I guess and we have Halloween
here, right? I slept and woke up. There were these crowds going
around the village and the were saying
'trick-or-treat' and they have
costumes and they have a lot of candies in their bucket so I was like "waoh what's this?"
and my dad's friend actually helped us
um adjust here in the Philippines. I mean he's
the one who picked us up so I stayed in
his house for a few days while the house
we're gonna live in was being prepared
like we have to
move in the staffs that we brought from Korea
and so yeah so he said "oh do you guys
wanna go around the village  and get some
candies and celebrate Halloween?" So we  were
like "What's that but it sounds so fun!" So I said yes.
We got in the car we didn't really wear
some other special clothes like other costumes we wore a typical cloth. Just a t-shirt and shorts. So, we went around the
village and said, 'trick-or-treat' and they
were giving out candies and marshmallows
a lot of sweets. I'm not really fond of
sweets but the fact that it
is like a celebration, it felt like a very big
party, I was like "oh this is so cool!" I was really young then.
So I really loved that I like the very festive culture of the Philippines. Like in every little thing they're happy and we have a lot of
celebrations. Basically I can see that they are very happy people and
it's fun. It's fun to be in the Philippines! Yeah, that's my impression about the Philippines. But...
to share some of the culture shocks that I had, is, firstly when I visited Mang Inasal for the first time I was really
surprised to see all those people eating
with their hand. Actually, not really all
but some of them were eating with their..
having their meal with their bare hands
So for me that was like, "huh?" That was a surprising and shocking for me.
I didn't know it was their culture so I
asked my tutor
(doing the situation simulation)
And my tutor, she explained to me,
"Oh in the Philippines it's common that
they ate with their bare hand it's part
of their culture." So, that's the time I
was able to realize, "Ahh~ I see" but that was
really a very surprising thing. And the second thing is um this is not to be bias
or not to outcast anyone but I was really surprised seeing gays and tomboys. I mean
a lot of them in the Philippines. I grew up
in an environment where I wasn't really
exposed or I was taught that there are
other genders like and their male women
and women male. Is it the right term? I wasn't really familiar with those
those kind of people so when I first saw
them, it was really.. I was really surprised like
Okay, I'll share an experience. I went to
the local market with my mother and
I thought he's a man so I said 'kuya'
but he got mad at me actually.
He was like "Hmm kuya?" So I was like "Did I say anything wrong or is it not the right term?"
because it was kind of middle-age so I
thought oh maybe there is a different
term they use for middle-aged men cuz in
Korea there's like oppa and ajussi so I
was really confused so I just couldn't
say anything.
My mother handled the situation and
again I asked my tutor about it and also our
house maids. They explained to me that there
are a lot of gays, lesbians, tomboys,
here in the Philippines. So, that's the
time I realized "Oh there are these kinds
of people." Well, honestly I didn't have much thought
about it that that time. I didn't really
understand the concept. I just.. What I
understood that time, when I was young, is that,
oh! They're girl but a boy. Oh! They're boy but a girl. That's all I thought so I was
really surprised seeing all those kind
of new things. There were big adjustments
I needed make. So, this time I'm going to share my..
it's not really culture shock or impression
but
I consider this as a shocking experience for me
Me, being in the Philippines in an early age, actually I got here when I was 8.
It was really surprising for me to see the gap
of the poverty. Like between the rich and the poor. It was clearly seen.
So I actually asked my mom, "Mom who are those kids in this street?"
She said they're less privileged kids
We went to a mall and we did some
groceries, we went around the mall.
It was my first time, first experience
of the Philippines' mall. I ate
Bibingka
The bread wrapped with the leaves.
yeah and cheese on top. After going around the mall, we went to the car.
But my parents forgot to buy something
so they said, "Oh make sure you lock the
car and just stay here. We'll be
back very soon." So we should have
followed but ( I was in the car with my
older cousin and my older sibling)
I said, "I wanna open the door." They firmly said, No but I insisted I want to open so we did. We opened the door and then
there was this kid who grabbed the door
of the car
he was asking for money but
at that moment I had none. I literally had none.
No, not even 25 cents. At that time I wasn't really fluent in
English. I just knew how to speak hi, hello,
what, sorry, thank you. That's all I knew
I was like "what what sorry sorry" Cuz I
can see his hand gestures.
I just kept saying sorry sorry and like
this because body language is the best I
could do at that time but he didn't go. So, I tried to
close the door but he hold it tight.
He was really strong so my other cousin
he
searched his bag. He really digged in his bag and said, "oh I have some coins.
I think this is the best we could do right
now." So we give him coins and he let go
of the door so we closed. Actually, we
didn't really tell
our parents about it because
I was really scared that I'm gonna get scolded.
That fear of being scolded was bigger than the
situation but I realized, after sharing
the story to my tutor,  I realized it
was really.. it could have been a
dangerous situation if something really
happened. That's what she told me, "Be careful.
Kelly, be careful next time and please
really really listen to your parents."
That was a big lesson for me.
Yeah! So, those are all I can share about my first impression, culture shocks, and an experience I had about the Philippines.
um those are already like eleven years
ago
(Because it's been) Yeah, those are already like 11 years ago.
I was very young and that's what I clearly remember about the Philippines.
