The airport is so nice.
I think the Japan airport became nicer since the last time I was here.
So, it's this. Do you want to know what happened to me in Mexico
Over. I think that was the worst transit ever happened to my life.
When I got to Mexico, all passengers must go to the immigration.
And since I don't have a visa because I'm only transiting,
 I underwent into secondary inspection.
And of course, they didn't stamp my passport since it's only for transit
They brought me inside a room, actually it's a big room
but it was locked. they took my phone and my other belongings
 including my passport and boarding pass
And my transit is 13 hrs and 30 mins. So that's how long I stayed in that room.
And what's worse is that, the officer assigned there doesn't speak English
As in zero English. 
Then my companions were Latinos, zero English also
I am the only one who speaks English
The only problem is we couldn't understand each other
Whenever I talk to the officer, he couldn't understand me
And then he would speak to me, I could barely understand him too..
It's because my Spanish is too little. 
And what's worse there is, 
I was not taken cared of by Avianca, the airline, for my food.
I got there around 12 noon..
It was already 11 pm when the security came to ask what I want to eat
Imagine, it's a long time that I didn't eat and was staving so much
and my stomach was aching
my head was aching too. I couldn't think properly
I was kind of stress coz I couldn't use my phone
Of course, I'm so bored.
because they took it..
Then I was telling the desk officer to buy me food, I' hungry already
He couldn't understand me. Also nobody would do it
since the immigration was busy
Then, my companions.. They are also transiting
the others were offloaded..
Those Latinos who went to Mexico but were barred entry
they were there also with me.
I talked to one guy, he can speak a little English
they were from Colombia but then they were not allowed to enter Mexico
So they stayed there for 24 hrs. And after few minutes they left 
but we were able to talk.
At first I was shocked, because I thought   I will go to jail..
But it's not. That was really there transit area
the problem is, they were super strict with transit
As if something will be lost in their country
Unlike here in Japan, after deplaning..
 if you're not going out of immigration
See, I have been walking and walking.. 
(Mexico) it's not a usual transit area like other countries
In other countries, after deplaning....
you go to the gates, you can walk around and its fine
you use your phone, go to eat wherever you want
as long as you don't go out of the international area
In Mexico, it's different
you go to the immigration, then they will lock you up inside a room.
But it's fine to transit there as long as you have a visa, 
either transit visa, US visa or Japan visa I think its accepted
Coz in the immigration I was asked if I have visas
He saw I have Japan visa but it already expired
then I said I only have Australian Visa but I already used it
So if you're a Filipino, the you want to go to other countries with a transit to Mexico
and you don't have a valid Mexican visa or a US visa or Japan visa
I don't recommend you to transit there
especially if it's a long transit
it's fine if it's only for 2 hrs or 3 hrs..
 but if it's long.. it's so boring and you won't be able to use your phone
then, it's you're like a prisoner there
then, I feel like its shameful coz
when I am about to go to my next flight to Japan at 2 am
I have 2 escorts. When I was released from the transit area
the escorts accompanied me through the boarding gate and until I was able to board the plane.
they were escorting me while I was in the boarding area
I was filling out forms
they were standing there.. I feel like, I was a criminal or so..
did I do something why I have securities...
Then I thought that when ANA airlines gave me my boarding pass 
they were finally leaving me.. no, I was sitting at the boarding area
they didn't leave. 
Then when the staff called me board the plane, 
they even accompanied me until the tarmac
So I asked, Do you want to come with me to Philippines?
they just smiled. So when I was inside the plane
of course they didn't go anymore..
if they want we can be seatmates.
So that's all, if you don't have a visa.. No US visa, no other valid visas Japan visa
And you have a long transit 
I don't recommend you to transit to Mexico
Maybe you can find other countries where you can transit
like Colombia
In Colombia, it's easy.
When I got there, actually I can go out
Coz I underwent immigration and they stamped my passport
They only asked what are you gonna do in Colombia
I said I am only transiting. Then they stamped my passport and checked my onward ticket
So I have a choice If I want to go out 
But I didn't do since it's night and my time is limited.
 
