Espasol is a simple, four ingredient Filipino rice cake dusted and toasted in sweet rice flour.
To make it, first throw in four cups of sweet rice flour in a pan over medium-high heat.
You'll want to continuously stir the rice flour to prevent it from burning and keep heating it until it becomes a faint light brown color.
They took us around 15 to 20 minutes, but your times may vary.
When it's done set aside one cup to use to coat the espasol later.
And you will use the rest for the actual espasol mixture.
In a new pot, pour in two cans of coconut milk,
1 and 1/4 cups sugar,
and half a teaspoon of salt. While stirring the ingredients together, bring the mixture to a boil.
Once at a boil, turn off the heat and add in half of the toasted sweet rice flour.
Mix it a couple times and then pour in the rest of the flour.
Continuously stir the ingredients together until the mixture has fully come together.
Mixing it is gonna take a little bit of muscle, so it's a good thing Nicole was doing it.
Now that the espasol mixture is done, take some of the toasted sweet rice flour
we set aside earlier and lightly coat the surface of either a large cutting board or a clean counter top.
Take some of the espasol mixture and roll it into a ball the size of about an apple.
Place it down and sprinkle more toasted sweet rice flour on top.
Next take a rolling pin and lightly dust it as well and
evenly roll out the espasol until it's about a quarter inch thick.
Using a pizza cutter cut them into bite-sized diamonds.
Traditionally they're rolled into little logs, but we find it easier and prettier to cut them into diamonds.
You can take the leftover edges and place them back into the misture, or find another way to dispose of them.
Finally take your espasol and lightly dust them with more toasted sweet rice flour, so that they don't stick together when you stack them.
And you're all done!
What you end up with is a sweet coconut flavored rice cake that has the texture of a soft mochi.
These espasol are talagang tasty!
Hope you enjoyed our video! If you want to see more, make sure to give us a thumbs up,
leave a comment and subscribe to our channel!
