Are you recording?
It was just the face you were pulling, it was like
[pulls face]
My first ever Wendy's
No, it's nice when we walk through crap like this
So the next stop on our tour
that we making up as we go along
is the Philippines. So we're flying in to
Manila - we're in Denpasar airport at the minute
in Bali and then we're going to fly into
Manila and go straight out of there to a place
called Puerto Princesa which is on
Palawan Island
Watch where you're walking
Yeah and then we're gonna have a couple
of days in Puerto Princesa and then head
north to El Nido and go see some beautiful beaches and spots
to go paddleboarding, diving,
snorkeling etc.
Our flight from Bali to Manila
was uneventful
it was just with Cebu air which is a kind of
like a Ryanair carrier over here. Emily's
really mad at me because the
air hostesses loved me and they thought
that I looked like Jesus - she's really jealous...
Welcome to Puerto Princesa
Yay!
Spin it around
It's terrible
No it isn't - it looks amazing!
Puerto Princesa is the major city on Palawan which is kind of like on the
North, East, WEST!
Westside of the Philippines. I don't think there's a lot
here but we're gonna be doing the
subterranean River tour tomorrow which
is a UNESCO heritage site and it
basically involves canoeing on the river
and then you go into some like underground
caves and see the river from there and
it's meant to be absolutely beautiful so
yeah I'm excited for that - we both are. We have already paid for it so we
have to worry about that. We get picked up
really early tomorrow at half 6 and
it's gonna be a full day itinerary. I'm
really excited, I can't wait, hopefully we'll
get some good shots and we see something
that we'll probably never gonna see
again
so yeah can't wait.
What's fun about Puerto Princesa which I didn't mention is it has some weird tricycles.
The call them tricycles or trikes and they're kind of look like tuk-tuks that you would
normally get in Thailand or India but the bike is
actually on the left and then it has a
like sheltered sidecar, it's very strange
I'm going to show you some pictures here
we keep getting beeped by them but we are yet to get in one.
People often ask us what we do, what we get up to when we go traveling
and by people I mean no one but I'll tell you...
Take a crossword
I also buy them because of the great adverts that they
have on the back like this really cute
dog bag
[Emily gets a clue right]
We're just laid on the bedroom floor because it's the coolest part of the
the room. Our first day in Puero Princesa
was going swimmingly, we had a lovely
breakfast - Emily has like porridge with
blueberry jam and watermelon and bananas
and peanut butter and corn flakes. I had a kind of bacon and sausage and
mushroom filled bread bun with cheese on
top, it was good and then disaster struck...
There was a power cut - which was probably
around half 10.
It's 5 hours later
What time is it?
It's like twenty past four - six hours later.
Six hours later, we still have no power, no air con, no water I don't know why there's no water
I didn't know water ran on electricity...so we're just...
Melting
Melting, yeah.
We're halfway through getting to the underground river or also known as
Puerto Princesa Subterranean River National Park
Oh no!
And now we're left to wade through the
sea and get back
that was really fun though - it went really fast
No good? Can you hear something?
Music
Tech probs
Did you enjoy it?
Yeah
It was good
It's amazing, it's massive
All of my clothes are currently outside, we got them washed in Sanur [Bali]
but I think they were washed and then they were just
like left in the tub waiting to be dried
and because they were left overnight
they absolutely stink they just smell like bum
So all of my clothes just reek so
I've tried to like hang them up and air them
out but they are just smelling the bedroom out so I've had to put all my clothes in the hallway
Yeah, so we're not having much luck, we've had power cuts and our room stinks
and then I forgot to film this but
when we got the flight from Bali to Philippines
we went to go get some snacks so I went to the stall closest to our hotel and just
picked up some random biscuits and paid
and then came back I thought they were
like salted biscuits but it turned out
that they were durian flavoured
biscuits and durian biscuits or durian is
like a fruit in Asia but it absolutely
stinks
it's like banned on public transport
here because it smells so bad. I didn't
think that they'd smell that bad because
they were in biscuit form so I'd opened
them in the bedroom
just a smell of sewage just hit
us straightaway and I quickly like
put one in my mouth just to taste but it
tasted a bit like like a sweet cheese
but I couldn't really get over the smell
of them I don't know how anyone eats
them because that they absolutely reek
Emily describe the biscuits, describe durian biscuits.
Great description
