Another popular study abroad destination for
international students in the Philippines.
A country made up of more than 7000 islands
in Southeast Asia.
The Philippines provides an affordable and
quality education to more than 5000 International
students every year.
To date there are 2300 listed colleges and
universities in the Philippines and here’s
a ranking of the 10 best universities in the
Philippines.
You are watching Top & Most Amazing
Do not miss our upcoming video notifications
and subscribe to our channel and hit the bell
icon.
Top 10 Best Universities In Philippines
Number 10.
Saint Louis University Baguio City.
Originally named St. Louis School it was founded
by Rev. Fr.
Seraphin Devesse in 1911 to provide education
for 10 local boys.
In 1963 it was granted university status under
Diosdado Macapagal’s government becoming
the first university north of Manila.
St. Louis University is made up of 4 campuses
that cover a total land area of 24 hectares
housing more than 40000 students.
It received several Centers of Excellence
ratings from CHED and accreditation from PAASCU.
Number 9.
Xavier University – Cagayan De Oro.
Named in honor of the Jesuit missionary St.
Francis Xavier it is a private Catholic university
run by the Society of Jesus in CDO Northern
Mindanao Philippines.
It was established in 1933 as Ateneo de Cagayan
and became the first institution in Mindanao
to be granted university status in 1958.
Number 8.
Mindanao State University – Iligan Institute
of Technology.
This public non-sectarian coeducational institution
of higher education and research is located
in Iligan City.
MSU-IIT was chartered in 1968 and integrated
as the first autonomous unit of the MSU System.
It is also recognized as the flagship and
largest campus of all Mindanao State University
campuses.
It has multiple Center of Excellence recognitions
from CHED and has several programs that received
Accredited-Status from the Accrediting Agency
of Chartered Colleges & Universities of the
Philippines (AACCUP).
Number 7.
Silliman University.
Established in 1901 as Silliman Institute
this private research university located in
Dumaguete was founded by the Presbyterian
Board of Foreign Missions and named it after
the school’s first donor an American by
the name of Dr. Horace Brinsmade Silliman.
It is recognized as the first American school
in the Philippines and the entire Asian continent.
It’s one of only five universities in the
Philippines with “Institutional Accreditation”
by the Federation of Accrediting Agencies
of the Philippines (FAAP) and has the highest
number of accredited programs in the country
20 of which have level IV status.
Number 6.
Mapua University.
Formerly known as Mapua Institute of Technology
this non-sectarian research school has campuses
in both Manila and Makati.
It was founded in 1925 and named after its
founder Tomas Mapua (the country’s first
registered Filipino architect).
This university is known for its Engineering
programs with currently 7 Engineering courses
and I.T recognized by CHED as Centers of Excellence.
It’s also the first Philippine and Southeast
Asian educational institution to have ABET
(Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology
Inc.) certification.
Number 5.
University of San Carlos.
The pride of Cebu the University of San Carlos
is a private Catholic research university
that was founded by Jesuit missionaries in
1935.
It’s one of the largest universities in
Cebu City covering a total land area of 90
hectares combined from its 5 campuses.
It consistently ranks among the top schools
in the country and in Asia and is recognized
by CHED for having the most number of Center
of Excellence and Center of Development in
the Vis-Min area.]
Number 4.
University of Santo Tomas.
UST holds the recognition of being the oldest
existing university in Asia.
It’s also the largest Catholic university
in the world in terms of student population
in one campus.
It was founded in 1611 by Miguel de Benavides
(Archbishop of Manila).
Aside from having several Center of Excellence
and Center of Development accreditations it
has also been awarded with CHED’s Institutional
Accreditation through the Federation of Accrediting
Agencies in the Philippines.
Number 3.
De La Salle University.
This private Catholic research university
was founded by De La Salle Brothers in 1911
and was originally located in Paco Manila.
It is the first of only two institutions awarded
with a Level IV accreditation by the Philippine
Accrediting Association of Schools Colleges
& Universities (PAASCU).
It ranked 155th place at the 2019 Quacquarelli
Symonds Asian University Rankings.
Number 2.
Ateneo de Manila University.
Located in Katipunan QC Ateneo offers elementary
junior and senior high school and college
education.
It was founded in 1859 by Jesuits and is the
third oldest university in the Philippines.
It’s recognized as one of the top schools
for its undergraduate and graduate programs
in arts sciences education management law
and government.
Number 1.
University of the Philippines Diliman.
Established as the flagship campus and largest
constituent of the University of the Philippines
School System in 1949 U.P Diliman is currently
ranked within the top 500 of the 2020 World
University Rankings.
Also notable is its consistent ranking in
government-backed polls as one of the most
significant higher education institutions
in the Philippines.
In Asia it’s been ranked between the 60-75
bracket in the Best Universities list.
It also features the most number of Center
of Excellence departments in the country proof
of its wide range of high-caliber courses
and programs.
The school employs more than 1500 faculty
and enrolls almost 24000 students.
