Hello guys, so a new adventure here at Robbie Travels.
I finally feel better after being sick since I arrived here in Manila.
On the plane I was puking like four times.
I was sick all day yesterday, but finally my adventure can start in the Philippines.
I'm so excited, and today in a few hours I will take the bus here to Banaue.
So that will be the first stop on this trip.
Let's go guys!
Ohayami Trans.
Sampaloc to Banaue...
I wonder what kind of adventure we will go on today, so I think this is our bus.
So, uh, funny story actually.
After I arrived here yesterday, I met a girl here and now she's my girlfriend.
Do you guys believe in love at first sight?
Maybe maybe not, but we will see how it goes...
And here she is.
- Hi!
How are you?
- I'm good.
Where are we going to?
- Banaue!
And what will we do there? 
- We're going to tour.
Oh, I think they start boarding.
You see it over there, so we should check that one out.
Let's go.
- Let's go.
Here we go!
So here we have the ticket.
Like you can see, our bus is leaving at 10 pm and over here it says it cost 680 pesos.
Yeah, for an eight or nine-hour drive.
How long it was? 
- Nine hours.
Was it nine hours?
okay for a nine-hour drive. It's a good price to be honest. 
So now you will sleep, I guess.
And I will, I don't know yet, maybe drink, maybe eat, maybe sleep, who knows? I know... 
- Reservation in Banaue?
Yes I have. Thank you.
So we're here after 11 hours on the bus.
- 11 hours.
Yeah, 11 hours.
- The bus arrives usually a little bit late.
Yeah, there was a lot of traffic there and everything.
- They are making a lot of repairs on the road.
- We are going to Trekkers right? 
Yes.
But the weather is great. 
- Come again.
But the weather is great.
- Ah yes, you are very lucky to visit Banaue.
Yeah.
- Because a few weeks ago when I do trekking. All day raining...
So how do you feel Maridel?
- I feel...
At least you could sleep a little. I haven't slept at all.
- It's just like riding in a roller coaster.
- I'm so tired...
I see, I see.
I'm tired too, to be honest, but when you come to a place like this, 
with all the green, the nature, the beauty of it, I already feel excited.
Yeah, a lot of traffic works.
So a very long delay.
- Welcome to the Philippines!
Welcome to the Philippines.
- Yeah, there are a lot of road works here.
Yeah, I know.
- Instead we traveled for exact nine hours. We extended with two hours longer.
Yeah, they said eight to nine hours and that's 11 hours.
But you absolutely look at your best today.
So we're here now in the tricycle.
It's always nice to ride in one of those.
It's gonna be a bumpy ride...
- Welcome to the Philippines.
Yeah, thank you, sir. Thank you.
Or like you say in the Philippines, salamat po.
Look at this.
So now here we have to register and pay an environmental fee.
It's 50 pesos, which is around 1 euro.
- They need this to check all the visitors who 
are entering the municipality of Banaue.
Oh yes, yes, I know.
- For safety...
- This is the Municipality Tourist Center in Banaue, which is under the government.
This is the tour map they have there.
Very nice.
It's all the different treks?
- Yes sir, we have the trekking and day tour activities.
- With this one the town center, this is the trekking sites.
Yes.
- Pula - Cambulo, overnight in Cambulo, the next day to Batad, then they can look all over Batad and then they can go to Lanah. That is for three days. 
- For two days, they can exit here in saddle and back in Banaue.
- So for a three days trek, you can see Banaue viewpoint, Pula, Batad and Bangaan.
Those are the remote village in Banaue.
Yes, yes, yes.
- For us, we will start here, and then we will stay in the middle, and then late afternoon we can go to Hapao terraces, which are the oldest terraces we have in the region.  
Yeah, that's really nice, that's very nice.
- And then the day after we can do the Batad.
Yeah, Batad, yes.
- Batad, Daligan and Lanah.
- For the second day to see all those remote 
villages and unesco world heritage sites in Banaue.
- The last thing we can do is Banaue viewpoint.
Yeah, that's very nice.
I'm excited to it. Thank you so much sir.
What's your name actually? 
- Marvin.
Marvin, nice to meet you man.
- Nice to meet you. 
I'm Robbie.
- Nice to meet you.
Yeah, thank you, thank you.
Okay, let's register now.
So the registration is done, and now we will go quickly to the hotel to check-in.
More traffic! More traffic over there!
It's almost as bad as Belgian traffic...
Yeah, and look at the view.
- That's Banaue viewpoint, that's the place where 
they shoot the infinity movie.  
- The Avengers...
O really?
- Yes. 
In this part they filmed it?
- In the upper part.
Cool!
Yes, we're moving again.
For 10 meters...
Even the roads reminds me of Belgium.
So we arrived here at the room now.
Oh my god, mosquito attack.
Oh it's good I have my mosquito repellent.
Look it's like a beautiful flower on the bed, a flower for you.
It's nice...
And they don't have air conditioning inside, but it's not so hot either.
They have a fan though.
What is it saying here? Love here,
the beauty of the forest, my home.
So, let's rest up for one hour and then we will start our day trip here.
And this is the view from our balcony here, beautiful right?
With in the far there you can see the rice fields.
What a trip...
- Yeah, it's a long right.
It's a very long trip.
- But it's quite fulfilling, very peaceful.
So we're gonna have breakfast now, and here it says I love Banaue, 
with a beautiful view on the rice fields over there.
Beautiful, what a great start of the day.
Okay guys, the breakfast has arrived.
I have some pancakes with bacon and eggs and Maridel you 
have an egg, rice and what is that?
- Fried rice and tocino. 
What is tocino?
- It is a meat, sweetened meat.
Sweetened meat?
Quite smoked I think.
Yeah, so let's eat.
The bacon is good. How is your rice?
- It's good!
Don't talk with your mouth full.
I did the same so...
The pancakes are really good as well.
So delicious...
Why are you always laughing with me?
What's wrong? Why is your head in your plate?
I don't know what's happening here guys. 
I don't... I absolutely have no idea.
But what I know is, that it's the most amazing view to have breakfast.
What are you doing there slaughtering a pig? 
- No.
Did you hear that? It was like pig getting slaughtered.
Yeah or it's you in the evening?
I'm joking, I'm joking.
So we're ready to go guys.
- Your limousine for today. 
Yeah, my limousine for today.  
The tricycle, so where will you take us?
We are going to the Hapao rice terraces, which is one of the listed 
unesco world heritage sites in our place Banaue, Ifugao.
Okay, thank you. Let's go!
So we're now on our way to the Hapao rice terraces.
It's a one-hour drive from our hotel.
So we will enjoy this tricycle ride now.
Oh slides?
It happens often that there are slides here?
Because I saw the warning sign.
- Yes, especially when it's a rainy season we have a lot of landslides.
- No flood, landslides only.
Okay, okay.
So, if you get here in the rain season it can be quite dangerous.
- Because the soil on top is not very stable.
Yeah, the soil on top is not stable and when it's raining it can come down on the roads down here.
So you need to pay attention then.
Because it could be your last trip, if you get stuck in something like that.
Can you believe this guys, these rice fields are more than two thousand years old.
Can you imagine this?
So beautiful...
- We are entering the municipality of Hungduan.
- The municipality of Hungduan is one of the last stand of Tomoyuki Yamashita.
- Way back World War II they pick up Tomoyuki Yamashita
and then bring him to Baguio.
- And then they declared Philippines as an independent country.
after that one yes and hapao has the biggest  
And Hapao has the biggest and widest terraces in the region, 
which is also included as one of the unesco world heritage sites.
It's a very very beautiful view here. Right?
So if you cross that bridge over there...
It's that bridge over there?
- That's the boundary of Banaue and Hungduan.
O okay.
Wow what a view.
- Over here we have a method that 
we adapt from the ancient times to help each other.
- For example, you guys, your terraces is to be harvested tomorrow, as a friend, 
as a neighbor I will come without something in return.
And then you will come help and then you return the favor when their land needs to be harvested.
Yeah, it's so nice.
And how do you take it then?
It's like a big bag of 70 kilo they put on their back and then they or how they do it?  
- They have a wood in this size maybe longer we put the rice in both sides and we'll stay in the middle and we can rotate. 
Yeah, like that. Yeah, I saw it.
- So when we are on the trail sometimes there's a tree. 
So we need to revise the position.
Yes, yes otherwise...
Yeah, but 70 kilo that's a lot.
If you need to come all the way from down there.
All the way up here.
- When we start to work no one speak.
Yeah...
- But when it's harvest time every local is making the natural rice wine, 
which is served to the people who works on the terraces.
- So we have two divisions of work in the village for planting season.
- Women will be the one to plant the rice, cleaning the stone wall, and then they will be the one to harvest.
Yes.
- In planting day, men will be the one to cook the food for the women who's planting our own place or property.
- So harvest season, men will be the one to cook and also at the same time to carry or to howl all the rice.
Yes.
- In preparation for the terraces the women will be the one to make the seedbeds.
- Where we can put the grains and later on 
it will become the baby rice to be planted.
And then men will be the one to check the 
damage of the terraces, to check the water source for the terraces.
So when the harvest comes how long does it take to clear a field like that and with how many people they work at one field then? 
- In this size? 
Yeah, in this size for example.
- At least more than 10 people.
10 people and how long it will take?
Because it's all manual so it will take quite some time I guess.  
- Oh yes, let's say two days average.
Two days, yes.
- So over here that's what we do like when someone is harvesting, we go and help.
It's so impressive you know.
It's already hard to do the job with machines,
 so just imagine how hard it is to do it all by hand.
- It's hard. 
My biggest respect to you people.
- Thank you very much.
- Even the job is very hard but when you help each other it's going to be easy.
Yeah, that you see still a lot in the Philippines people helping each other. 
Like for example in Europe it's not that much anymore.
It's more everybody on themselves in Europe, but here you see that people come together and they work together and help each other so that's really nice to see.
- And I'm very glad to say that in our country we do that way.
- Because you will never know what will happen tomorrow.
- Yeah, our culture is more preserved.
How many rice terraces are here? Five?
In the area of Banaue.
- A lot Banaue has 19 villages and each of them have their own. 
Oh okay, because they always talk about the same five but they're actually way more.
- Yeah, it's way more in in books, in travel blogs they are only mentioning those certain points Batad, Banaue viewpoint, Bangaan, Hungdungan, and Hapao it's five.
It's five yes.
- But originally it's a lot yes those are only published places  
Yeah.
- It's written on the book, but if you explore Banaue 
you can see more than let's say 20 or 30.
Oh my god, impressive. 
Yeah, so you see it a lot to explore here in Banaue.
So now we're gonna start our hike to the Hapao terraces.
It's gonna be... I don't know if it's gonna 
be a hard walk, but it looks quite steep so...
We will see.
Are you an athlete? What is wrong with you?
The view really is fabulous you know.
So Tonton Victor here will guide us into this hike. 
He does this hike for more than 45 years already, so he's a very experienced guy here.
And we see he even carries a machete there.
- Used for... 
Coconut, cutting trees? 
- I'm also a pagan priest. 
Oh you're a priest as well.
- Someone told me to pray, I use the machete for butchering. 
Oh it's for uh...
Sacrificing and doing some rituals. Okay.
- But I can do some rituals.
So we not only have a excellent guide with us but also priest.
And it's very hot here. Look at my face.
So this trail is from the Spanish colonization right?
And it's from 1521.
And it goes all around the rice terraces.
- What happened to a Spanish guest I asked them you pay your debt to my grandfather who built the Spanish trail.
Yeah. 
- Because they are not paid by the spaniards during that time.  
No they probably were treated like slaves 
and they had to build this for the Spanish.  
But philippines has a very a large history of colonization and everything.
The British did they also rule a little bit over the Philippines?
- Only Spaniards and Japanese.
And Japanese, during the world war.
- That's why people here they like white.
- White people, when they see you they say: Hi 
Americano.
- If you like them, they help them. 
Yeah.
- But if Japanese come...
 They don't like them.
- It's possible they really stun them.
A lot Japanese come here? 
- Yeah.
Careful. 
Did ever somebody fall?
- Yes. 
You had yeah?
- Yeah.
 And I hope they fall to the left side then and not to the right.
- Sometimes inside. 
Okay, luckily.
- And sometimes outside.
 Oh, outside too!
Okay, good luck...
Okay, so this is how they fertilize it?
- Yes.
And it's sunflower?
- The water will spread the nutrients of the sunflower.
Oh, and it looks so beautifully green everywhere.
So when do you think this will be harvested?
- July.
July okay.
Wow amazing! Look at this.
- When French people come here they say, ah Champs-Élysées!
They sing that when they come here?
- Because they are happy.
So oh Champs-Élysées, oh Champs-Élysées!
Oh look this is a message for you love.
- O love you too!
So this they planted three weeks ago.
Here you can see the oldest walls...
More than 2000 years old.
- The concrete is from 1980.
And the concrete is from the the 1980s. 
Okay and before that it was just all mud here I guess.
Yeah refreshing water.
Is it cold?
- Yeah, it's cold.
Here we go!
- Cold!
So cold man!
So cold here man!
Oh don't do that!
Oh come on! What are you doing to me?
Oh my god, so cold.
Sitting next to each other and the ice cold water.
- It's a form of workout.
Yeah, actually they do it a lot after workout going to an ice bath.
I always like to fool her.
How could you lay here in the cold? 
It's so cold. It's freaking cold.
- Join with me.
It's too cold for me, I'm a pussy...
I will try...
Oh my god!
- It's bodytherapy just embrace the water.
Yeah, embrace, embrace...
I'm so fat that i'm gonna start floating away.
It's like having a rescue vest.
- After that we go in the hotspring.
- So that our skin and muscles will be relaxed.
- Panicking.
No, I thought there was a crazy fish jumping on me.
Because I was told their snakes here.
The guy said it, but not here he said. Up the mountain but...
It was a bug that attacked us.
It's very nice.
- Yeah, but my leg is getting cramps...
Why you have so many cramps?
- I don't know...
- Because from when I was playing badminton.
You're supposed to be an athlete, now you're just an old woman...
- When we go in the same way I think you need to carry me back home.
You have so much pain?
- Yeah...
You remember what I said to you before? 
You were always laughing to me, o you have terrible conditioning.
And in the end what I told you? I think you might be surprised...
- I'm older and I have a lot of pain in my legs.
Yeah, but you're not older than me. I'm 35. 
- Yeah, i'm 16 yesterday.  
16, oh that that's not correct.
She is 29 by the way.
- Do I look 29 guys? No.
She looks older right?
Always having cramps.
A hippo!
Hippo!
So that was very nice guys. The hot water spring 
and then the cold water from the river. Oh so nice. 
Now we still have a short walk on our way to our tricycle again.
This is amazing a guys!
Wow!
Yeah, honestly the beauty of this place 
here it can't be captured on camera. 
It's amazing! I cannot walk, because it's too 
dangerous to walk and talk at the same time.  
But wow what place. Amazing, that's all I have to say.
Hello, hello.
- Hello.
Hello, how are you?
Are you doing good? 
Yeah!
Bye bye.
- Bye bye.
So sweet those kids.
Yeah, awesome. Look at this with the water on the rice fields the reflection in it.
Wow beautiful place.
Beautiful.
Oh no, are we gonna cross that bridge?
No apparently not, we are going straight.
Not the bridge...
So this is the hammock.
Where Tonton Victor sleeps.
Thank you Tonton Victor for inviting us in your home.
You all build it yourself?
- Yeah i have no money to build. 
- It's nice Po.
Yeah, it's very nice.
- You can have a look inside my house. 
Yeah, I will look, I will follow you. Thank you.
So, you have small chickens.
- Yes.
- Typical house.
No power? 
- No power.
No power, it happens a lot here that you have no power?
- Yes, they are doing something with the light.
Yeah, they're working. Even in our hotel today they don't have power.
What you do here?
When friends come... When friends come you go sit here?
Okay.
- I stay here...
Oh yeah, that's nice. It's nice.
I would like to see inside, but it's way too dark...
I cannot....
Unfortunately, I cannot show it, but from what I can see, it looks really nice.
And here you cook or?
- Oh yes, inside is my dirty kitchen. 
Yeah, I saw it where there was a plate...
There you cook, and what do you do with the small chickens?
- We let them grow, we feed them.
You feed them and then?
- When they grow up...
You eat them.
- I show you the rice.
Yeah, it's good show me, show me.
Oh really...
- Rice. 
And what do you do with that then?
- You pound it here.
You pound it there with the stick, I guess.
Yeah, with the stick.
Yeah, I saw.
And then this all comes loose and then?
- Red rice.
Red rice, and what's the difference between red and white?
- This is more delicious.
It's more delicious red rice?
O okay, okay.
- More vitamins. 
I have to try.
Yeah, I never tried red rice before.
Oh you have another chicken there, a black one.
It's the only big one you have?
- Oh I have ten like that.
O okay.
- They look for food, but I freed them early morning. You see, one is there.
Oh yeah now I see them, they come from behind the house.
- The father and the mother... 
Yeah.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much for showing me everything.
- Hopefully you like the place.
Yeah, I like, it I like. it's really nice.
- Maybe one day when you become a father you come again.
I will do, I will do. I promise, one day I will come again.
You're tired.
- Yeah.
She's always laughing with me that I have terrible conditioning, and I told her 
I will show you wrong, and now she's here complaining.
Look at this. Look at this.
- It's good just an exercise.
Yeah, it's good exercise.
- A warm up because tomorrow...
Tomorrow it's a long hike. So...
Get some rest. 
It was very nice to meet you. Thank you so much!
- You can go, because otherwise it will rain.
Yeah I already feel some drops coming from the sky, so soon it will.
Yeah, but when it starts, you know it pours.
- It make you sick.
- It makes you sick.
Yeah.
- We go then love.
Yeah, we go.
We go...
- Watch your head.
Yeah, this will be the end of our first day here in Banaue.
So I hope you guys liked it.
And I see you again next time.
Take care!
Cheers! Bye bye!
