Hi, guys.  
Welcome back to my channel.
If you are new here, I'm Suzie 
and I create contents about Work from home, Productivity and Self-development.
So, if you like those kinds of topic, don't forget to subscribe to my channel and hit the bell
button down below.
Just a quick update. If you are following me on my IG account,
 then you probably know that I flew here to Japan together with my mom.
It's because my twin sister is giving birth.
All my videos right now and the upcoming videos will be taken from here so there's a
little bit of changes in the background and format of my videos.
But still, I'm going to give contents, tutorials, tips and tricks about work from 
 home and other stuff that you might like.
Most of you are asking me how did I get a Japan visa since I'm a freelancer.
I hear you, guys.
And yeah, this video is for you.
I hope you'll like it.
But before we dive in, I would like to share with you the things that we did yesterday.
So, check this out.
I hope you enjoyed that, guys.
So, let's dive in. 
For the single entry requirements,
the first thing you will need is a passport. 
And make sure that your passport is six months valid.
The next one is the visa application form.
You can download it here.
I will put a link down below where you can download the visa application form.
You should fill this out using a black pen.
No field must be left blank.
You must provide an answer to all the entries.
If it is not applicable, you put
"N/A" or "not applicable"
There should be no blanks.
If you don't have an answer for the entry, put "N/A" or "not applicable"
You may fill it out digitally or handwritten.
If you are going to handwrite your answers,
please make sure that you will print the application form in A4 paper size.
The next requirement is a photo. 
It must be 2x2, with white background.
And also, put your name and your birthday at the back of the photo.
Just write it down.
The next requirement is the birth certificate and it must be issued from the 
 PSA within one year.
And also, if you are married already,
make sure to submit a marriage certificate as well from the PSA. 
If you are late registered like me,
then you need to pass another
three documents aside from your birth
certificate.
You will need a baptismal certificate and then Form 137,
either your elementary form or
your high school Form 137.
And also, you need to submit a yearbook,
even just the photocopy.
But you would still need to bring and show the original yearbook then photocopy it.
The next one is your daily schedule in Japan,
your itinerary every day.
There is a format to follow. The first column is the date, the second column is your activity on that day.
And then, the next column is the contact number. 
Then the next column would be the accommodation.
I will put a link down below for the template or the format of the itinerary that you must submit as well.
The next requirement is the bank certificate.
The validity of the bank certificate is three
months from the date of issue.
So, take note of that. 
The next requirement is the ITR. 
This is the usual problem encountered by freelancers since most of us don't have BIR.
We are not registered to BIR.
So, I would really highly recommend you to register on BIR for you to get an ITR.
And in that case, it would be easier for you to file an annual income tax return.
You just need to download the form 1701A on the BIR website and then, there's an instruction there.
You can ask a friend or a bookkeeper how to fill out form 1701A.
And that's very simple. I know you can do it.
And if you are also a business owner,
and your business is already registered,
it would be easier as well since you will just submit the business registration from the DTI 
and the company's ITR, as well.
That's it. 
Before we move on to the multiple entry visa requirements, check this out.
For the multiple entry visa, you will need the same but there are some that are no longer needed.
You will still need a Philippine passport.
You will need a 2x2 photo with your name and birthdate written at the back.
You also need a
visa application form.
You also need a bank certificate and your daily itinerary in Japan.
You will also need an income tax return as what I have discussed for the single entry visa. 
Just basically the same. 
The only difference is that you don't have to submit your birth certificate if ever you already traveled to 
Japan before and you are applying now for a multiple entry visa.
But if you haven't traveled to Japan yet and you will apply for a multiple entry visa, you still need to
pass or submit a birth certificate. 
Those who have already traveled to Japan before are more likely to get approved for a multiple entry visa.
So, that's my tip as well. 
If it's your first time, it would be better to apply for a single entry visa first. 
And then, if it's your second or third time,
there's a higher chance that your multiple entry visa application will get approved
if it's not your first time to go to Japan.
And just an addition to multiple entry visa requirements,
you have to submit a letter of request
for a multiple entry visa.
You will just have to write a letter about why you are asking or applying for a multiple entry visa.
As for me, I wrote that I will be visiting more
often because I like the weather.
I want to come often because I love
Japan itself.
Just a very simple explanation of why I love Japan and why I love to travel more here in Japan. 
Just a simple letter like that and that would
be okay. 
And also, another tip as well, your money stated on the bank certificate should depend on how many
days are approved on your multiple entry visa.
The higher amount it is on the bank certificate that you will submit,
the longer the days you could stay in Japan.
And the validity of your visa is longer as well.
Just a quick few tips when you are going
to apply visa for Japan,
print the application form on an A4 size.
Make sure that you use a black pen.
Don't leave any field blank.
If you don't have an answer,
write "not applicable" or "N/A"
And also, there should be no erasure.
If you filled it out digitally, make sure your printer ink is black.
For the bank certificate, it would be better to have a higher amount because it depends there
if they will approve your multiple entry visa application, and how long is the validity,
and how long you are going to stay in Japan.
And also, if you are going to apply for a Japan visa,
I would highly recommend that you apply directly to the accredited travel agencies.
I will put the link down below of the list of the accredited agencies where you can apply directly.
I hope this video helps you, guys,
especially those who are asking me about this.
And for my next video, I will be discussing more about the technicals on how to start working from 
home, like really giving you a tutorial on how to do this and how to do that, how to use this, and such.
It's more on for VA, all the software, how to use such, how to start, how to do this, how to do that.
So, don't forget, guys, to join my Facebook group
"I'm Ready to Boss Up by BritxSui"
The purpose of that Facebook group that I created is that it's really mainly for newbies and aspiring
freelancers. 
You can learn there some techniques on how to get clients.
And you can also learn from
other experienced VAs.
You will get to have an accountability buddy,
newbie and aspiring freelancers as well, like you.
And for me to see your outputs and check if there's something to improve or if it's good already.
So, that Facebook group serves as a platform where we can connect with each other 
and I can check your outputs if it's good already.
You can ask me there personally if you have any questions.
You can attach there your sample work.
And I will also post job vacancies inside so that you can also send applications.
So, I hope to see you inside our Facebook group
And I'm excited to see you on my next one. Bye!
