Good afternoon mga palangga(my loves)
We're going out
and this is sir John's  outfit
is this your final look?
John: oh yeah!
and this what I am wearing mga palangga  from new look I think I
paid this 15 pounds so it's not bad for
the outfit and I am wearing heels oh yes
I am taking my phone but the bad thing is its raining....I hope it will not be pouring hard
I hope itwill not be like that
so this is sir John's look
john: Do I look okay?
There you are, that's his outfit ..his wearing  short, timberland shoes and a shirt
John: Does the shoes look okay?
They're all right
John: sure?
Mia: yep!
John: you got your  phone?
Mia:I got my phone, hun let's take a picture
John: Why did you not show the screen so you can see?
there you are so as I have said we're going out.
Never ending dining out
John: Such a busy place
John: Will be screwed if it will rain but I'll be alright(his partly in the shade)
John: You got in ice here
For our food we ordered salad mga palangga, lamb, chips and
Greek bread thingy Greek style bread and
we also have the shrimps and it's so
good
Mia: how's the food?
John: Excellento!
Mia: The food is very good
The camera is so close to me
but lets eat mga palangga
Delicious!
The entertainment in this restaurant is brilliant
If ever you would like to visit Bulgaria..try to visit this restaurant called CHEVERMETO
So much fun!
That's it! a that's the wild party!
It so entertaining, the music...the ambience is great!
John: Are you filming?
John: Don't forget it Mr.John. Hi guys!
The taxi man has a disco itself! You'll never be sleepy
John: Taxi disco!
Good afternoon! Good afternoon sir John
John: Good afternoon
We are just walking mga palangga
this is the view..I don't know what this place called as they're alphabet is different
so I don't understand and I don't know how to pronounced their alphabet
but all in all the place is great! Not as busy in where we are but if you go to sunny beach is full pack as because it's late as well not a lot of people wandering
What time is in here now?  Itt's 5:00 -ish...5:30.... 5:30 so lets have a walk
John; So you want to have a look down here, do you?
Mia: Yeah!
John: okay
john: I'm not getting sand in my shoes(slipper he mean)I refused
John: I'm not going down off this wood(foothpath)
It so beautiful...
I gonna walk down here but sir John don't want to walk along here as he don't want his to feet to get sand
They also have a water sports..but I don't know how much they are as I never try them
(It's fun to try new things if you are with someone brave and wild)
John!Did you see him?He's right there!
He is also filming as we have gopro
Here is the price list of their water sport
This is the footpath entrance to the hotel called...I forgot
What's the hotel called John?
Rui?I'm not sure
Rui I think
I don't remember the hotel name(I'll remember later)
but anyways the hotel is massive
See, it's massive!
Look at sir John...I like when he do vlogging
That's a sunny beach right there! Busy place!
So, this foot path here is still owns by that hotel..
and this path is connected to sunny beach
Sunny beach is the most busiest area..in Burgas I think hahaha..John: No in Sunny beach, Burgas is a City
Holiday makers!
Having a bit of fishing!
See how busy it is..see right on the edge where the hotels are.
This is the name of the Hotel mga palangga..the one that I am telling you about
and that way is going to that hotel but we
are not allowed because we are not a guest.
We are here in St.Vlas (we went straight after our walked)
and the is my face ..I put my hair down
There's a few people about. They are starring at me.
They are all looking at me, wondering why I am talking LOL
They have a fountain here as well
Owppp..( a 3-5 year old kid nearly fell while practicing his little bike)
it looks like the place is busy..
John: Looks like it, didn't it?
well it's Sunday today
Here we are, this is the restaurant.
John: What are you up to?
don't stop eating
Caesar salad
My favourite caesar salad
every time will go here..my starter will be either caesar salad or chicken wings||(SOMEBODY WANTS TO SAY HI,PEOPLE BEHIND ME)
John: They're laughing at you
They're starring at me
but let's be numbed.
hello
Jphn: Hello
What did we order for main?
John: Now, we order a pizza, can't remember what its called like but it has everything in it
he's busy looking at people
Yes so we order  pizza for our main
will share as it's good for 2
and we also order chips
John: My pizza, I don't know what Mia's having
This is John's Pizza ..he is not sharing
John: I share
Look at his face!
that's an devil face of him
John: Now, you looking at devil's face
Mia: Yeah thats the devil hahaha
Mia: Right, will try this
John: You only have one pizza... that's what he's
giving me only one slice of pizza...
you can have as much as you want darling
that's how greedy he is
I'm not greedy! She's the greedy one. Remember this! I had a salad with eggs.How many eggs John' have, none. Who get all the eggs?(mia)
we also order a fries
what we need to get smelly vision so you can smell the pizza
Pancakes!Sir John is busy looking at his phone
My face is getting bigger and the rest
the smell of cigarette makes me..
cough
A bit sweet for Johnny
We're having coffee.. cappuccino
John: You know something, I'm on my holiday and she just never stop filming
24/7
The only one door she's not allowed  to film and you know which one that is
because I'm a slave but other than that constantly filming and filming
Don't listen to him
there's no slavery in the bedroom
(John talking in the background)
There is no slavery in the bedroon. I tell you now
I have to come out for a rest
It's first time I've seen fresh air today
this man
no it's actually raining this afternoon
that's why we have a snooze I used to be
20 stone  still look at me now, I'm  10
There is nothing to do with that
John: Exercise..exercise
don't listen to him
a very good coffee
I'll get a bill and we are going
See, this is my first time to go out with my hair completely down and do nothing with it.
John: Just a normal mess
Just normal mess as what John's said
John: She might be messy but she still my beautiful wife
Oh! Some hot shellas here tonight
No! I don't look other shellas
I look my beautiful wife.
Will go and do a bit of
midnight shopping now and wonder  street
Now, see what's what....in our  secret location somewhere in Bulgaria
Sorry you guys I can't give it away because if you
knew where it was. You'd all want to come here.. we just never got
a table in this restaurant.
So are you signing out now?
I'm signing out, yes!
and will be back tomorrow we're going on a location tomorrow
to another secret location, its a little island called Nessabar
It's an old old town
there are church a long there from 50s century
and we'll try to film it for you
so you can see... and you can look up the history if you like to google it
I'm sure you find it quite easy..so anyway
we're signing out for now we'll see you
bright as a sun  in the
morning ....ready for our adventure
I understand we're either going by ferry
or by train
so will decide in the morning which way we going but anyway bye for now!
Bye!
