Good morning, travelers!  Last day in Coron, Philippines 
We are going to Manila today. Let me show you where we stay in  Coron for the last few days
King size bed...actually let me show you the view...
The swimming pool is below our room and the ocean over there
This hill over there is the one we visited last night with the cross on it (see the video from yesterday here)
We were not able to do the outro in the previous vlog because we ran out of battery
However, we've shown you our favorite island - the Black Island
Definitely recommend it! And also, the safari tour which was awesome! Basically you will visit both places The Safari + The Black Island this is included in the tour
Thanks to all of you who watched the previous episode!
And today we are again on our way! We will go to Manila I think it is around 1h and 30 min. See you after the intro...
THE PHILIPPINES
DAY 13
We are finally in the van to the airport. 
As I showed you, the room was great but the service was very poor!
So I would say from "recommend this place" I'll change it to "I'm not recommending it!"
Because every single service it has... it is very very poor!
For example, if you are giving them your clothes for a laundry then expect a delay with a minimum of 6 hours!
Secondly, you can't eat whatever you want from the menu, you should choose only the dishes from the buffet
Thirdly. if you take their shuttle to the airport then expect at least 15 minutes delay!
Fourthly,  you can order coffee and milk but you can't order cappuccino :) 
Prepare with patience if you would like to stay in this hotel...
So overall, we are not recommending it, although the rooms are big and clean.
Forgot to mention... fifthly if you want a massage you'll be visited with two old ladies travelling from the town to your room :)
Don't forget....Sixth... if your order a salad with mango you will receive a salad full of mangos 
Although, you have an allergy of mango
I think that was a confusion since they didn't speak really well English
Hello travelers.. we are finally in the airport 
The whole journey from the center of Coron to the airport is about 35 - 40 min
All kind of cameras, drones are permitted so do not worry about it
Quick overview of the room in Manila.. starting from the bathroom
These are the two double beds
And this ladies and gents cost us £12 (11 EURO) per person 
The hotel is HUGE... these are the main shopping malls 
This is the "Mall of Asia" which is the biggest shopping center in Asia
And all of this for just £12 (11 EURO)...that is a bargain!
You can find a lot of free vouchers in our website in the description below!
Also this was the biggest hotel I've ever stayed in my life
No idea how many floors it has but it is huge! Only in our floor there are about 100 rooms
Let's see the biggest mall in Asia
One interesting thing is that there is a roundabout inside another roundabout about
This is huge guys... I don't know how many shops there will be but it is massive. 
That is the entrance of the mall
First thoughts?
#ExtraThoughts
First thoughts?
It's HUGE!
First thoughts?
I've already been asked to donate money
  Not sure if you noticed the lady a few seconds ago but her job is basically to push the buttons on the elevator... that was really strange 
I've no idea why is that but I guess is for blind people as there isn't any sound signals 
The moment when you really realize that you are in South East Asia
All of this costs us £20 (23 EURO)
 Hello travelers 
Our big adventure for more than 2 weeks in the Philippines is to end. We are now in one of the rooftops bars in Manila
As you saw the shopping mall was huge and we didn't have time to cover it all
By the way the prices are not that high so don't worry about it
It is really dark but still will show you how this place looks like...
That was our very last day in the Philippines 
As you saw we have covered a lot of things and we gave you to much tips and guilds so we hope you will use them all
We will always remember all of these wonderful trips and thank you so much for watching us, stay tune as there will be a lot more to come!
Three things I will always remember from this tour....
 1) The nature here is absolutely gorgeous. I've not seen such a wonderful beaches and rocks  
2) I've never eaten such a bad food in my life :( 
3) I can say that the Filipinos are even worse than Bulgarians in terms of time... we got delays in each place that we visited! 
Although I said 1 positive and 2 negative things I will definitely recommend to visit the Philippines is it absolutely amazing!
This was our team!
Let's hear their opinions about the whole trip and their 3 things that they will always remember from the Philippines
Go on son... top 3 things in the Philippines... good or bad doesn't matter
For the first time in my life I did snorkelling/diving and saw incredible things!
Secondly, for the first time in my life I saw and touched giraffes and zebras
And also realised that the giraffes are my best animals
Thirdly, from a long time ago I argued a lot and made scandals... A LOT!
What about you?
The first one is that I loved the nature... it was amazing! Also, all corals and fishes under the water
The second one is the island occupied by 300 people (see the video above)
The way how they live made me think what live we have got and to start appreciate what we have got!
And last but not least, I disliked the fact that it is so dirty in some places
DAY 14
Good morning travellers 
Last day today...a long long journey back to Europe
We are in our room and waiting the taxi to go to the airport. We will go a little bit earlier to buy some souvenirs and alcohol (if we can)
Overall will be a long transfer!
We are finally in London... I would like to say thank you very much for watching and thanks for the great comments! 
It was almost half a month in the Philippines, I hope you liked all episodes from our trip
I am so scared and you are recording me!
Aghhh I  will cut this part
And... oh no no no I want to start from the begining
Third time... come  on
