So even early on in the day, here in Makati, this 
is the sights and sounds. How you doing? How you  
doing? How you doing? You good? (Girl) Hello. 
(JCM) What's up? (Old Lady) Magandang umaga. (JCM)  
Salamat. What are you doing at this time? It's 
10... (Girl) Ahh we just went to... (Angel) Need  
massage? (JCM) Massage? Oh I don't need 
a massage. (Angel) Please. (JCM) No. I'm,  
I'm actually in good physical condition right 
now. I'm not here for that. Bakit? So what are  
you guys doing? You're working right now or 
what? I'm not here for that. (Girl) Just go  
partying. (JCM) P Burgos Street baby. P Burgos 
Street. I'm not here for that my name is Jay Cee  
Max. What's your name? (Angel) Angel. (JCM) Hmm? 
(Angel) Angel. (JCM) Angel how you doing Angel?  
General Luna Barangay Poblacion. I don't know 
what it says. (Angel) Can I go with you? (JCM) Why  
you don't need to go with me? I don't need a 
massage. (Angel) I'll give you sex. (JCM) Massage?  
Massage? (Angel) Sex. (JCM) Sex? Oh yeah. let's 
see what else we got going on here so we have our  
tricycle drivers having a little siesta. Let me 
go up in here. How you doing today guys? all right  
everyone's okay we're hungry there you go some 
food right there. me too. Ako rin. Uhhuh. We got  
our coconut.Pretty much anything you need you can 
find here in Makati anything you need so let's get
walking still here in Makati you notice one of 
the coolest things you'll ever see Filipinos who  
are super Fearless all throughout history 
you hear about Filipinos being so Fearless  
that they're not scared about anything 
we have our guys doing construction here  
and they're in thongs. Tsinelas. Crocs. 
Chancletas. Not scared of anything that  
is the realest most gangsterous thing I've ever 
seen so I can't wait to see how this building  
will look once everything is said and done 
you don't need steel toe boots no yes these  
are Air Jordan's 37s but you don't even need 
stuff like that all you need is tsinelas and  
then you can make great designs just like 
my kuyas over here so they're pretty much  
putting the tile up they got the plaster they 
got everything I don't want to bother them too  
much but I can say good job good good trabaho. 
Magaling. Magaling. Yes. Practice Tagalog.
Coffee? Yes. Kape. No. Earlier I 
had it all right and at the the  
bahay. I had kape. I'm good. No 
I'm good. I had Kopiko. Mas mura.
Masa never they Hindi have Asthma. Asthmatic.
English English that's all try try that's all 
all right all right so cool people everywhere  
you go uh I don't smoke I never will but you know 
what I'm saying Filipinos are kind everywhere you  
go I'm telling you look at this right here what 
street am I on. Is this Jupiter Street? Makati  
Avenue? What is this Hollywood stuff?Bourbon 
New Orleans. I don't even know what street  
this is. Either way, this is the Philippines baby. 
"Clickbait?" What is this? Sir kuya. What street  
is this? What kalye? Badajos. huh? Badajos. Yeah 
okay thank you. ba ba ba. Badajos. Badajos. Okay  
cool thank you I'm not sure anything is in this 
area you know it's MOS as he stated all right  
keep walking this place definitely seems like 
it has some sort of night life going on. I've  
seen a lot of vlogs especially from Super vlogger 
@NateVlog1. Oh look at is this Oreos they hooked  
us up with Oreos oh my gosh that's legendary oh 
look at that view oh we got a balcony oh my God
I just slammed my fingers into that 
that's dangerous that's terrible there  
goes thatway look wow look at the view 
all right now little RJ's going to try
it what do you
think you like it no no it taste fishy 
fishy yeah all right well there we go  
okay so all of this costed [Music] $33.15 
shark fin is actually really expensive so  
I'm so surprised it was less than a dollar 
so is that even real shark fin it wasn't  
huh some type of fish it's like the fake 
cropsticks oh it's fake yeah that's what  
it is all right well now I don't feel as bad 
he pretty much showcased P Burgos Street but  
overall it seems like P burgle street is the 
place to go if you're looking to showcase the  
Makati area but I'm not going to do that 
I'm just aimlessly walking like I always
do Kalan hello po how you doing where you go huh 
where you go I'm just I'm chilling I'm walking  
around thank you can we come with you huh can I 
come with you can you come with me yeah oh no huh  
give you massage what give you massage massage 
oh I don't need a massage no I'm I'm actually  
in good physical condition right now where you 
from where am I from yeah I'm from North America  
where are you from there here which part of 
the Philippines you from which one there you  
from Makati in Makati really you were born here 
yeah you wasn't born in Manila no I married in  
Makati in Makati okay now I'm from North America 
what's your name my name is Jay Cee Max what's  
your name Ang hm Angel. Angel? How you doing 
Angel. I see you got some Brazilian sandals on  
right right right well I'm just walking around 
go with you why you don't need to go with me I  
don't need a massage massage sex massage sex sex 
just only right it's cheap price 1,000 1,000 wait  
if you say 55 divided into what is that you got 
to watch out for those wires you got to be safe
here I don't I don't need anything I'm not so if 
you do 1,000 divided by 55 that's $18 yeah n you I  
don't I'm not looking for anything I'm just pleas 
for what I'm just walking around I'm not here to  
do huh I'm staring no no well there's food there 
you can ask the car you me no we got to watch out  
you treat me huh me food what you treat me food 
no I'm okay that's okay but I hope you have a  
blessed day okay don't you shouldn't be out here 
asking for anything but I hope you have a good day  
stay blessed God bless all right so overall the 
realization of places where you go is that you'll  
see different men propositioning you for massages 
and things like that and then they'll eventually  
lead to switching that to sex it's a seedy seedy 
thing absolutely but I not here for that I'm not  
here to put that person on last I was just having 
a conversation and that's what it led to but yeah  
essentially 1,000 Filipino is essentially $18 
USA walk with me let's see what else we can
find got going down here people sleeping in 
the park people sleeping for a br and what's  
this people just randomly sleeping what 
going on where am I I don't know where I
am all right so this is real life guys real 
life let me get out of here P Burgos Street  
that is Peete burgle street so I was on P 
Burgos Street the whole time I had no idea  
wow kala Yan Avenue and Street early 
morning here on P Burgos Street here  
in the Philippines not a lot to see at 
this particular time only being 10:46 in  
the morning but this is the type of things 
you'll see here at this early morning time
So we have our people selling cookies and 
snacks one things I've seen is later on at  
night this place essentially lights up this 
is essentially like the walking street from  
Angela City so it pretty much has the same 
type of activities not things that I would  
want want to do when they come to the 
Philippines but they could essentially  
do it if that's what they're here for I'm 
not here to promote those type of things  
I'm just letting you know how things are 
through my eyes here in Makati on P Burgos
Street. This is what P Burgos Street has to 
offer we have Kim's 96k restaurant so if you  
want Korean food you'll find it right here fresh 
oranges we have some manga some nice mandarins a  
lot of mangoes this mango season right now we're 
still actually in the winter time in many other  
countries but essentially here in the Philippines 
they don't even have those Seasons here ion's  
Pride looks the funk but that's what it is right 
now a lot of dental clinics around this area once  
again from my previous video I let you know that 
Dentistry is a big thing here in the Philippines  
it is super cheap to get things done if you 
want to get new crowns root canals whatever  
you should come to the Philippines because it's 
a lot cheaper so is getting her stuff done today  
and she's going to be super swollen but in the end 
it's worth it because it's cheaper than doing it
America barber shops oh super bread oh wow 
look at that pandal that's the pandal right  
there so right now they sell it for 35 B 
SS for a whole bag of pysa now this looks  
like a great bakery I'm already full from 
the cassava little pudding thing that I've  
had so I'm not really in the mood for any 
bread if I did want something I would most  
likely just go to a jolly be or something like 
that all right what is this a 7-Eleven yeah so  
this is 7-Eleven this is the things that 
they sell look in 7-Eleven they sell ham  
and cheese omelets chili with caret all 
starting at 45 fos Which is less than $1
us
so here we got kids playing with toys 
essentially right at the street corner  
not sure what they're doing there I don't 
know what he said to me but this here is  
General Luna that's what this is General 
Luna and P burle Street what happened Co  
oh man no man I'm not here for that what's 
all this man how you doing little kid stay  
in school okay let me go let me go let me go 
let me go let me go he's going to let me go  
thank you Sal all right kids blocking 
the street and stuff all right let's
SW General Luna bangai don't 
know Boon don't know what it says
once again I'm having a great time 
here in Makati not have any problems  
at allas I'm just here chilling they 
even have coffee and baklava here in  
the Philippines so it does exist 
humus Elijah got a lot of bars
recyclables we got some sing some Buu how you 
doing fol and they have some different type of  
balls how you doing looks like fishballs I don't 
know don't know what they call that Yaki niku so  
definitely they have their Japanese Foods here 
a lot of skewers steak all that grilled Meats  
all that so even early on in the day here Makati 
this is the sights and sounds how you doing how  
you doing how you doing you good hell what's up 
you good we're good what are you doing at this  
time it's 10 yeah we just went to um yeah bangai 
really yeah we report something because it's my  
friend lost her wallet and then some card that guy 
that guy took it oh guy have a c footage Americano  
took your wallet no no no no um Filipino [ __ ] 
it I don't know intentionally I don't know F so  
what are you guys doing you're working right now 
or what no no no we just we just go partying oh  
from last night yeah oh my goodness okay okay. 
P Burgos Street baby. P Burgos Street. Oh yeah!  
Top of the line. sorry she lost her wallet in the 
end hopefully she finds her wallet and then she's  
able to get along with her day but that's the 
type of things you see here earlier on in the  
day on P Burgos Street here in Makati got some 
what's it squid is that fish longa what is that  
wow we got everything here very good very nice 
pump oh yeah two colors digital massage and spa  
so definitely got to watch out for that stuff 
right there because those are the type of things  
you see if you're looking for Happy Endings 
you will find it here in massaging spot hos  
Manila so you'll see a lot of people with tags 
on essentially means they work in the area they  
come out here just for break for food and then 
they go back to their office building so you  
see a lot of people with tags they're working so 
super cool so just letting you know not everyone  
is the type of worker that you're thinking about 
here in Makati they do have legitimate workers  
here so in the end they're doing real business so 
here is the grab drivers essentially Food Drivers  
delivery they all have like a hangout spot they 
chill right here everything is good I'm blessed  
Ayos lang. Ayos lang. Ayos lang. sometimes for 
memories is to remember remember the Philippines  
yes yes number one all right so in the end yeah 
not everyone is that type of worker they have a  
lot of legitimate workers who just walk the 
streets just for a quick snack for lunch and  
then go back to their Office Buildings 
look at that look at that oh wow skewers
