You want to know the top 5  reasons for living in the Philippines? Stay tuned.
MUSIC PLAYING......
Hello Everyone. Amd welcome back.
For those of you that are here for the first time, I want to suggest that ypu click on
the subscribe button and the bell notfication icon.
so you can continue receiving fresh new Philippine videos
and motivational videos on an almost daily basis.
Hey, today I want to talk to you about My 5 Top Reasons for living in the Philippines.
My 5 Top Reasons for living in the Philippines. Yaahh!
Now when you talk about the Philippines,  you understand that this is a country where many, many people come every year.
And they come to live.
I want to share with you my Top  Reasons for BobbieD Living In the Philippines.
Here we go. Number 1. The People
Yeah, People.  The people in the Philippines are some of the best people in the world.
Yeah, they're cordial, they're polite, they're friendly.
And they're very accomodating.
These are some of the best people in the world. Now, and they're hospitable.
Now I grew up in Charleston, S.C. which is in the USA.
And, that's a state and that's a city where cordiality and hospitality re of the utmost importance.
So I apprecaie cordial hospitable people.
So that's top, that's number 1 on my list.
Number 2 on my top five reasons fo living in the Philippines.
Ecconomy. Yeah Economical. It's economical.
I can live in the Philipines on almost a little bit over a third of what it costs for me to live in the United States.
And that for me my friends, is very, very economical.
okay? Number 3
Cultural differences. Yeah, Cultural diversity
Cultural differences. I live in the Philippines because I like the
difference between the western culture and the eastern culture.
It's a difference and I appreaciate the cultural differences.
And number 4, it;s Open.
Yeah Open, This is an Open Soceity.
They accept people from all races, all creed, all colors,
It's an open society,  and I love it.
And lastly number 5 on my Top 5 list.
is Simple....Yeah,  this is a very very, simple culture.
everything is bare bones and to the point.
Nothing complex about the Philippines culture and I love it.
So there you have it,
friends. My 5 Top reasons for living in the Philippines. Yeah. love it.
Question Of The Day.  What are some of your top reasons for living in the Philippines?
Leave it for me in the comments section of this video.
And as always, like share and Subscribe.
This is BobbieD saying take care, God Bless and Peace!
MUSIC PLAYING.....
MUSIC PLAYING.....
