Loaning money in the Philippines – The pitfalls
The Philippines is a poor country.
To most Filipinos, you as an Australian will
be…..or at least appear….to be very rich!
So you will always have people wanting to
borrow money from you.
Sometimes they are sincere, and other times
they are just taking advantage of your perceived
huge Australian wallet.
How to handle it?
Important lessons here for anyone in an Australian
Filipina relationship.
Filipinos wanting to borrow money.
What do you do?
The Philippines is a poor country.
Many Filipinos live day to day, and sometimes
even those who are professionals will tend
to spend rather than save.
They have money in their pocket, and they
go to Starbucks.
They land a job, and they get a motorbike
with a loan to pay off.
The neighbor buys a new car, so they go and
get a new car…with a loan to pay off.
Then the school feels come up.
Or someone gets sick and ends up in hospital.
There’s no money, so they end up on your
doorstep trying to borrow money.
And you find yourself in a position where
you have a harsh decision to make, often at
the last minute, whether to say yes or no.
It occurred to me when I thought about this
that there are six people in the Philippines
who are alive today because of us.
Three of them are children who now live with
us.
One is a child who spent a year living with
us.
Two are adults who are alive today 10 years
afterwards.
There are also two adults who didn’t make
it, despite us providing money.
So at least I know that those situations were
real.
Real need or scam?
The quandary!
I’m happy to be generous.
Part of the effect of being with my wonderful
Filipina wife (plus my Christian faith, which
I won’t bother anyone with today) is that
I’m a fairly generous and caring dude, and
my wife Mila is the most caring and generous
person I’ve ever known.
So we’re always happy to help where we can.
But one thing I cannot stand is being played,
scammed or conned!
Cannot stand it at all.
The quandary is that unless it’s someone
you’ve had a good track record with, you
don’t know if the need is genuine or if
you are being fed a sad story.
The cliché in the Philippines is the “sick
carabao” story.
Invariably it’s something either heart-wrenching,
eg.
someone sick in hospital and will die otherwise,
or school fees and child will miss out on
education, or possibly something that hits
your inner-entrepreneur when they tell you
of the great business they want to start so
they can take care of their family properly.
The problem is you find yourself stuck between
a rock and a hard place!
Do you take the risk and bear the possible
tragic consequences?
The Philippines doesn’t have the same welfare-state
provisions as Australia does.
How does your conscience cope if something
bad happens and you didn’t help?
Again, if you know them and believe them?
Then the decision is yours, and your conscience
plus the size of your bank balance will help
you decide.
Always exercise prudence though, especially
if you live here in the Philippines and where
ending up flat on your face due to over-generosity
may be something very hard to recover from.
Even if your intentions are as pure as freshly
fallen snow, accept that you won’t be much
help to your extended Filipino family in the
future if you go broke this time.
No one has a bottomless pit of money.
I know we don’t!
The scammers and the liars
You usually learn who they are the hard way.
They con you.
They get away with it.
Hopefully you learn.
The Jeff Harvie way?
Loan them a small amount first time they ask.
Then wait and see what happens.
We have a niece who tried that out on us.
Borrow a thousand pesos, and will pay it back
next month?
Sure!
Next month?
Can I borrow another P1,000.00?
No!
Then we had her sick kid with Tuberculosis
(TB)!
The conscience said “Maybe it’s true,
and not prepared to take the risk”! Turns
out child had been getting treatment already,
and thought they could then get it for free
via the rich white Australian uncle.
And to me?
A skinny Filipino kid with a fat mother means
is not a real charity case!
OK, it cost us a few thousand pesos.
But we now know exactly what she is made of!
It will never happen again.
To me, I think it’s wrong to reward anyone
for scamming and lying, as you only encourage
them to do more of it.
You’re standing in the way of them ever
waking up to themselves or becoming responsible
and self-reliant.
And I’m talking scammers here.
Not those who work as hard as they can, but
the reality of their lack of education etc.
keeps them down.
I’m talking about those who suck up to you
and tell you the sad stories so they can manipulate
your emotions.
They smile sweetly.
They sing your praises to your face.
And the other things about loans to Filipino
scammers?
Not only won’t you see it again, you will
become the scum of the earth when you finally
say “No more loans!”
We just had someone pay us back P100,000.00
that we loaned them……10 years before!
Paid it back because they incorrectly thought
we were talking about them behind their backs
and they wanted to save face (hiya), and now
they hate us with a passion.
Yes, there’s always hiya issues when it
comes to loans.
Damned if you do, and damned if you don’t.
You will definitely offend someone when you
say no, but at least you get to keep your
dignity intact, and you don’t reward someone
for doing the wrong thing!
