All right, I'm learning all right I'm not good 
at eating with my fingers so, don't judge me.
Herejean has officially talked me into eating 
some exotic food. Uh, super nervous about it um so
I don't know we were just chatting and I realized 
I really haven't tried too many exotic things!
So we figured now was the time! So we are heading 
off to an international grocery store right now.
Right now is cold! Right now, this is our morning 
time um it's about 6:30 p.m here.
It's not as bad as it's been it's like 50 degrees 
right now. So yeah we're gonna go find some uh ~ 
We go to the we're gonna go to the Asian store 
and buy some exotic stuff so we don't know yet  
what we're gonna find in there so 
we're gonna bring you guys! Wish me luck.  
We are here at Saraga intern_tional grocery. How 
are you feeling Herejean? Ready to get exotic?  
I'll gonna buy more Asian food.
I know. ~ I'm a little nervous.
And we're deciding on what we want. 
I maybe should pick, so that way I can at least 
choose what I want. We're not getting exotic here.
I run the risk of eating like intestines or 
something like that. I'll leave it up to her.
Yep Yep, that's about right. This is what I'm 
going to eat. I'm going to have eyeballs.  
Anything interesting yet?
I don't know what is that. Herejean was super excited. ~ Yeah, already made.
With seasonings. And we love { Adobo }.
So it works out. So Herejean just 
found some neck bone what is this one?
Pork liver....~ Uhhh! I don't want.
That is so weird. I will not eat that.
It's a full liver.
Huh?
What else we got?
Fresh pork uteri's. ~ Oh my god!
What is that? Fresh pork bunks. What is that? 
I don't know? How about this, pork tongue.  
Oh my ~ it makes my stomach, freak out! Pork heart, see this? Pork heart! I see it. It's terrifying.
Be gentle to me all right? Make sure give me 
exotic but not too exotic. How about that?
Crazy stuff today.
Yehey! we're done! Half the battle. Knocked the food.
So this is all ~ Groceries.
Yeah, if you notice Herejean is very helpful.
What?
Just filming. We're going home now guys, and see ya 
Babe! Sing the song for me. ~ You just ruined my song.
🎶That's all I really know🎶
Made it home.
Yes, we're home ~ So guys if you don't see 
yet our Christmas tree shopping so you can ~
We gonna put the link on the top or at the 
description box below and you can check it out!
Hello guys what's up? What's up? And everything 
is already prepared. Cheers for the beer ~ All right  
Happy thanksgiving. Yeah, this is our foreign 
food thanksgiving yeah exotic food thing  
This is like a Filipino exotic food and um ~ Yeah.
Speechless.
So this is um all Filipino exotics. So 
first, Yeah what do we got? ~ We bought a  
Pig blood { Oh no } Yeah! that's all I feel about its a pig blood guys. So I'll just cooked it to make it dry. 
So it's not that fancy and ~ Yeah. What else do we 
have Babe? I think this is chicken heart? ~ Yeah. 
So we have chicken hearts here. So that one looks 
pretty that's that's exotic super exotic for me.  
Yeah, sounds disgusting. This is chicken necks, 
chicken necks guys that's chicken necks.  
Uh ~ We had small intestines. ~ Yeah! I think this is 
beef intestine? Yeah, I think it's a beef intestine  
so I cut it into small pieces so that I 
can clean I'm really nervous about this.  
But it's safe because we used to eat that 
in the Philippines. And we have the rice this  
one is like um glutinous rice it's sweet rice 
{ Okay } It's a Korean or Korean food but Dominick 
never tried it and me never tried it so give 
it a shot we got to try it. So we don't know  
what's the name guys. So this is our exotic food "mukbang".
Right? ~Yeah! So this is inside this looks good.
It's like seafood. ~ Yeah? All right ~ So I guess we'll see { smell it }.  
Weird. That is weird.
This is Dominick's first time gonna eat this guy's. Hope he will ~ He will not get 
His stomach bad after this. Oh yeah cause we 
got to we're going to our families tomorrow  
to have like a big meal thanksgiving um 
so if I'm throwing up I'm blaming you.
Yeah! So wish us luck. So guys if you're 
just new here to our YouTube channel  
please don't forget to like, share, and subscribe!
You just cut pieces of it? Yeah.~ Yeah?
Okay! I guess I'll start with the chicken neck. That's the most familiar.
Dominick don't know how to use his hand .
I use forks like a yeah but this is the rules.  
American all the same American. Huh? these are the 
rules. No fork, no knife whatever just hands because  
I'm doing a "mukbang" Yeah, I have to participate 
fully. Okay! so this this is it huh you just bite  
into it any rules I need to know? Nothing just eat.
There is a bone in here obviously. ~ Yeah.
Can you marry me now? 
I think I'm already tied in. Not so bad. Not so bad right? Regular chicken. ~ Yeah. All right!
I'm learning. All right I'm not good at eating with 
my fingers so don't judge me.
How do you do it? 
Like that?
Yeah you look cute. ~  Do I?
I'm really not used to this. { no } 
For me, I don't like being a mess with my fingers 
and but we put some clean wrap under the table so this would be fine. I'm worried about my hands.  
Don't touch anything. When you eat like this. 
I'll use my hands and I'll do it American. ~ Okay.
Hope next time we can make another video like 
you know like chicken feet, neck, chicken gizzard  
like that. We're gonna invite my little brother 
over yeah we're gonna do that with Joshua  
we're gonna have him try some exotic food. 
Shout out to Joshua or comment. ~ Yeah.
Chicken neck down. Dominick guys weird when 
every time he eats rice, he put soy sauce. 
I love it with soy sauce I don't I use it with a 
fork though I don't know I don't want to dip my  
fingers in soy sauce. It's okay!
Thanks. I'll probably do it I'll probably stick to just a we share Baby! ~ Yeah? 
Everything I don't know how you do 
it just straight. Do it again? Like this.
Let me see.
You just squeeze them. But they fall apart, No! you ~ You get this.  
Like plenty you know. Like that, you 
squeeze them. You squeeze like this.  
Yeah and then, open your palm. Open ~
And then put it in your mouth.
It's a mess.
I'm gonna try a heart. I'm gonna try your 
try at the same time? You had one ? 
Not yet.
Never?
I cooked this for you! I don't know 
what to expect. For me? I don't want it. ~ All right. 
Okay. This is crazy chicken heart ~ Okay ready?
How is it? Reminds me of the chicken liver. 
Because that was my previous most exotic  
thing I've had chicken liver. That's not 
bad. That's not right? I can do that so how ~ 
How would you put soy sauce on your rice now?
Dip your finger. ~ Finger licking good Baby~ KFC. 
I don't got any elbow room.
Guy's Dominick, dipped his rice in the sauce and all his rice is already in the sauce. 
That's how is always ends up.
You want me to get you a spoon?
no it's okay i'm committed see them 
fingers all messy i feel like gross  
goods yeah every time you eat heart 
you will remember like oh this is one  
life of chicken. You don't think the same thing 
when reading it it's chicken wings and it's legs?
Just the heart. Oh now I've really 
done it I mean his heart tried this beef ~
Oh shoot! Small intestine. Okay now 
this one seems the grossest to me.
You trust me right? I cleaned that. Of course I will not feed you if that is not clean I know okay.
Isn't this like street food in the Philippines? ~ Yeah.
How is it?
Extremely good!
See? Just trust me. ~ I think its just in my head. ~ Yeah because. I know that. Because guys ~
Because earlier when it's still uncooked Dominick saw the real ~
The uncooked version all I got to say yeah 
The uncooked version so he feels gross but of course I clean it. Yeah? So that's not poop right there
I'm gonna pretend none of it's poop. 
Let's just keep eating yeah tastes good.
What the chicken poop? It's just what? Feeds. I don't either way it's poop I don't want it.
But! Unfortunately this is the tastiest 
part so far. Did you cook it differently?
I put some ketchup and soy sauce. That's 
why, you're helping me out. So that he will not taste.
Tastes good. ~ Tastes good?
I expected to throw up on that one so I've come a long way. I deserve like a reward for this.
{ Bravery } Among three which one you like so far?
The actual taste wise? The intestines but you also put soy sauce on there yeah so I don't know like  
the natural taste of it I suppose. Yeah for me that 
small intestine too and then the chicken neck.
The last one is the heart. I don't know if I'm gonna 
try the blood that's pretty extreme I tried it.
I know you tried it. That's a little extreme for 
me. Just try to taste like a penny does it taste  
like just metal? No it's not try just small piece.
I don't know let me stick to the essentials first.
So guys this is the ~ What is this thing again? Glutinous ~ Is it Korean? Yeah! it's the glutinous or
Malagkit rice and then inside guys it looks 
like complete meal. Like there is a shrimps,
mushroom ~ Really? Yeah! but it's good I feel like 
this is good with together with the coffee.
With coffee? That's not what I expected. 
Let's find out here.
Because I like coffee.
Yeah ~ See this guy's!
With everything. It's good! 
This looks the most normal so ~
There's shrimp in here? Hmm!
Say the name for me one more time. ~ Which one?
The name of what this called. I don't know the name.
It's Korean. Oh it's nice because it just takes a good see that? Yeah. I can eat this in any direction.
Why mine is not like that?
Definitely very good but never eat this coffee. 
Never eat? With coffee? No this is not as bad as
I thought. So when you go to Philippines we're 
gonna ~ See I'm willing to try things so when
I do go to Philippines, You will not die? This 
is like prep for me to go? Yeah! well prepared.
Cheers!
You suppose to drink. ~ You didn't drink.
Um ~ Turned out okay, overall.
Hello guys!  Hello ~  we give up! So we give up now. 
Yeah, but we're almost did our best you know ~
It turned out to be a lot better than I thought.
So, I'll give you credit for that. ~ Yeah!
So ~ I'm a good chef now?
Yes you're a great chef you did great. 
Yeah I'm stuffed and I got to eat a lot tomorrow
for thanksgiving. So thank you so 
much guys for watching and Dominick has almost
finished his beer and my it's still still working 
still full because I don't like to drink while  
I'm eating I don't know I'm weird. So thank you so 
much guys for watching and hope you like our video.
Please like and share to your family and 
friends as well and please subscribe if you're
just new here! Good to see you guys thanks for watching. ~ Thank you so much!
I love you Dominick.
