Hello everyone, welcome to Off To Bliss.
A lot of subscribers ask us about the future prospects here in the Philippines
on the health situation, on the progress of vaccination, on the variants,
on the future openness to international tourism.
In short, we tell you everything in this video on the situation of the Covid epidemic
here in the Philippines.
First, let's take stock of the epidemiological situation here in the Philippines.
There have been more or less 1,400,000 cases of covid
since January 2020 and there have been a total of 24,000 deaths
for a population of 110 million inhabitants.
The number of cases detected per day varies between 5 and 6,000.
There is a sort of battle in Asia between the countries of Southeast Asia over which country is
handling the Covid epidemic best. The country which "wins" being the one with the fewest
cases of contamination.
In this "game", the Philippines are not the best ranked,
they are second only to Indonesia in terms of the number of cases of covid.
We have a lot more cases here than in other countries like Cambodia or Vietnam.
You might think that the Philippines are not the best students on the Asian continent.
Be careful, the Philippines is testing a lot.
This explains this situation. I don't think that's the case
everywhere in Southeast Asian countries.
Currently the epidemic is quite strong. Not in Manila.
We have long been the epicenter of Covid here in the Philippines.
It is rather in the south for the moment that the epidemic is wreaking havoc.
Especially in the big island of Mindanao.
For the moment, Manila is spared.
We had suffered a second rather harsh wave here last March
and we had to be reconfigured for 4 - 5 weeks because again the hospitals
were saturated.
This confinement was due in particular to the arrival of the variants, in particular the English, South African and Indian variant.
The Indian variant is still not very widespread here in the Philippines.
We will talk about it later but they are really very afraid of this variant.
Here, it has been a good month since we returned to a
much lower contamination rate
What can be done in Manila?
We are currently in a GCQ (General Community Quarantaine)
quarantine regime .
This is not the lowest level of restrictions.
Most everything is open here in Manila.
But clubs and discos are still closed.
Amusement parks for children.
People under 18 and seniors over 65
cannot leave their homes. Children have been forced to stay at home for
over a year and a half .
The rules are really tough.
The concert halls are also closed. There haven't been any concerts here in Manila
since February 2020.
There are still capacity limitations in restaurants,
cafes, with 30-40% capacity gauge gauges.
Schools have still been closed since March 2020.
This poses a lot of problems for Filipino children
who are forced to follow their courses remotely with technical means
that are not the same as in Europe.
They don't always have a PC and they mostly work using
videos broadcast on Filipino TV and they have paper modules
that teachers send them when schools can provide
them on paper.
They also have the option of taking courses via smartphones.
They are clearly sacrificing a generation.
We must also think about the future of his children ...
It started in March 2021.
The Philippines began to receive the first doses of vaccine,
the Chinese vaccine Sinovac.
Welcome ceremony for the first doses.
Vaccination is progressing slowly.
We feel that the authorities are putting the maximum amount of resources into Manila and the
major cities of the Philippines in order to vaccinate them as a priority because these are
the most densely populated areas.
So far there have been roughly 8 million first doses injected and
3 million people fully vaccinated.
More or less 11 million Filipinos have received at least one dose.
For a total population of 110 million people.
It may take time to vaccinate the entire population.
No vaccination obligation here in the Philippines.
Even though the President threatened to put in prison those who refused
to be vaccinated.
Get vaccinated or you'll go to jail.
The cells are dirty. This is where you will go.
Duterte is used to shocking statements.
He is doing this to scare the Filipinos who are afraid of the Chinese vaccine.
It is very bad, it is against the rights of the people if they stop those who have chosen
not to be vaccinated.
I don't want to be vaccinated yet. Will they force me, will they
arrest me even though I haven't committed any crime?
This is not a sufficient reason.
I don't think the government's goal is
to immunize the entire Filipino population.
I think they will mainly target people at risk in big cities
and in the countryside I think it will take much longer ...
This vaccination campaign is quite interesting at the geopolitical level
since the first doses of vaccines which are arrivals here were Chinese.
The famous Sinovac vaccine.
The Chinese in the region are trying
to improve their image a little bit . This is called in geopolitics "Soft Power".
And so they really use the vaccine as a diplomatic weapon
by claiming to help certain client countries, particularly the Philippines,
to show the Filipinos that we are helping them, that we are making sure that their situation improves like us in China.
This vaccine is therefore a weapon. It really does exist.
And unfortunately the developing countries
do not have a lot of possibilities.
There was no vaccine available for them at the start of the year
and Western vaccines, Pfizer or Moderna, did not arrive here since they
were primarily sold to Western European countries in North America.
And developing countries took the vaccine they were offered,
including the Chinese vaccine.
This vaccine does not have a very good reputation since apparently it is
30 to 40% effective.
But luckily it would protect against severe forms of the disease.
It is nevertheless the essential.
But, there is a lack of studies on this vaccine which does not have a very good reputation.
It is because of this that many Filipinos
do not want to be vaccinated. They prefer to wait for the arrival
of Western vaccines. Pfizer or even Astrazeneca.
And for the moment, we feel a hesitation
and a vaccination that is not progressing quickly. They are therefore waiting for the arrival of other vaccines.
Things will change again by the end of the year.
What the Chinese are doing here is a sort of sanitary Marshall Plan.
The deal? We give you vaccines and in return you are very nice to us
and you let us do our business quietly.
This Chinese strategy is also linked to this famous "Chinese Silk Roads" project
, the aim of which is to flood the world
with Chinese products. And they need allied countries to
facilitate the transport of these goods
. So the Philippines is in this zone of influence
and the vaccine is a weapon used by the Chinese to dominate certain countries.
In short ...
The faceshield is that plastic visor that you certainly know
which is often used in hospitals.
You should know that in the Philippines, you have the only government in the world
to have asked the population to wear the mask indoors and outdoors
but also to wear this famous visor indoors and outdoors ...
You know it , the Philippines is a very hot and humid country with a tropical climate
and I can assure you that wearing the mask and the visor outdoors all day
is unbearable.
Many Filipinos did not accept this decision.
They have a very particular technique for wearing the faceshield.
Noel don't forget your faceshield. Otherwise you're going to have problems ...
I'm sick of this faceshield.
Generally what we do, once we have passed the security
we do like the Filipinos. We put it on the head like that.
It works best that way.
In recent weeks, the Philippine government has taken a
step back and in particular it has authorized to no longer wear the faceshield
outdoors, but on the other hand we must always wear it indoors,
when you do your shopping in shopping centers, ...
C ' is a little better but it is still extremely restrictive to walk around
all day with that on your head.
The most incredible is that there is no scientific data on the effectiveness
of faceshield.
Some scientists say that this is in particular to prevent particles
from being projected on your eyes, especially with air conditioning.
But as long as everyone is masked inside ... where the
droplets with virus are ...
Personally, I don't quite understand this situation ...
And it's all the more bizarre that even the WHO does not recommend the use
of faceshield. The situation here is unique in the world.
And I am not talking about the plastic pollution that this generates.
You must replace it at least once a week and it will inevitably
end up in the trash. It is a real disaster
for the environment.
Masks and faceshields will end their lives in the seas, the oceans ...
Great ...
The variants create a real psychosis here in the Philippines
and unfortunately the more variants there are, the more the sanitary rules
and the quarantine rules harden. .
the variant delta makes me a little scared
because it scares the Philippine authorities.
The role of the media in fostering fear by broadcasting
certain shocking images.
You have seen these images of burnt mass graves in India
and these images are shown here on television, all of which creates and sustains
psychosis.
In general, Filipinos are already afraid of covid but here with the variants
this fear is increased tenfold.
Moreover, with the elections approaching, they do not want to take any risks
and politicians are afraid of being accused of being too lax
in handling the epidemic
and that they will be held responsible next year during the ballot.
In my opinion things are unlikely to change too much before
May 2022. It will be the elections and they vote for the presidency, the senators, ...
Everything will be renewed. In my opinion, we will remain
in this somewhat complicated situation for a few more months.
Yes, it's possible to travel but it's quite complicated ...
We'll explain why.
Overall you can travel within the country by plane, road, boat, ...
For the moment, the Philippine authorities
do not want to open the country to international tourism.
Their objective is therefore to boost tourism, but
starting with domestic tourism.
They are trying for Filipinos to be able to travel within the country and to be able
to vacation within their country.
One of the first open destinations was the island of Boracay
which is Saint Tropez or Philippine Ibiza.
And then gradually all destinations opened up.
You just have to do an antigen test, a quick test,
which is going to cost you about twenty dollars.
Which you will present before taking your domestic flight.
And then you can go to your vacation spot.
Please note, local authorities have the possibility of reinforcing in particular all that is
quarantine or health restrictions at the local level.
This means that if the government here central in Manila makes a decision,
the governors can still strengthen certain measures.
They have a certain freedom to reinforce the measures if the health situation is not
under control in their territory.
You should be well informed before leaving about the
sanitary conditions at your vacation spot.
Unfortunately, no ...
The country has still been closed to foreign tourists since March 2020.
There are still no real prospects for opening up to international tourism.
Some are talking about maybe 2022 but in any case for 2021 it seems quite
complicated.
But, the fact that Asian countries are in the process of opening up, such as
Thailand with Phuket.
Maybe that will loosen the situation here ...
But the Filipinos do not want to take a lot of risk now
and especially because of the variants.
Be careful, in Thailand, they open but with fairly complicated
sanitary and quarantine conditions.
You have to get tested several times. And you are limited to Phuket.
The other regions are not yet accessible ...
It is time for the Philippine government to open the country to tourism
because there are quite a few islands here which suffer from the lack of tourism.
Because they only live from tourism.
They have already been suffering for over a year.
I think that with the progressing vaccination, we will be able,
I hope, to open the country ...
Who can return to the Philippines (if you are foreigners)?
Only people who are married to Filipino nationals.
Be careful, the Philippines does not
recognize gay marriage and PACS couples.
So you will not be able to return with your Filipino husband or companion ....
Or people who have a work visa like me can return.
Diplomats too.
But otherwise other people are prohibited from entering Philippine territory.
As you can see the country is clearly closed.
In addition, for a few weeks, the country has prohibited entry into its territory
to people from seven countries including Nepal, India,
the United Arab Emirates, ...
They are afraid that these people will bring back cases of the delta variant.
here in the Philippines.
And so even if these people have a work visa,
they cannot return to the Philippines.
For people who have permission to enter Philippine territory,
they must do quarantine.
A very strict quarantine.
There are two possibilities: either you have been vaccinated here in the Philippines.
Your quarantine will only be 7 days
in a government accredited hotel.
You go directly to the hotel as soon as you arrive at the airport.
You have to stay there for seven days.
And you can't get out of your room.
You must eat the meals that the hotel serves you.
It is extremely expensive for Filipinos
because they are quite high rates.
Count 500 euros for two people (hotel + food).
7 days of quarantine also if you have been vaccinated
in one of the countries included in the green list.
These are countries that Filipinos consider safe.
Unfortunately there are only two European countries on this list:
Iceland and Malta. Not France or Belgium.
And so if you are not from this list of green countries you have to do
the ten day long quarantine. It is most certainly this quarantine
that we will have to do with Noel, at the end of August, the beginning of September.
Ten days at the hotel (9 nights) according to the same the same principle.
You are tested on the 7th day. If you are negative and well after the
tenth day you can go home.
And you still have 4 days of home quarantine.
In all, that's fourteen days of quarantine.
I hope I was clear enough. It is quite complicated.
Do not hesitate to ask us questions in the comments.
As you can see we can not wait to test this
ten-day quarantine in a few weeks ...
For the country to open up, the vaccination will have to progress ...
I think I was quite complete
I hope this video has interested you and given you a better understanding of
the situation here in the Philippines.
Unfortunately the epidemic is far from over here in Southeast Asia ...
Do not hesitate to ask me questions in the comments of this video.
I would be happy to answer them.
I think a lot of people are interested in knowing
when the country will open up to tourism
but as I explained to you it seems very unlikely that by 2022
the country will open up to international tourism.
I am leaving you here.
Do not forget to like the video, to share it, to subscribe to our channel,
to put a little more blue if you liked it.
See you soon for new videos on Off To Bliss.
I wish you happy holidays and see you soon.
Ciao Ciao.
