The Philippines is a country that we 
love to talk about here on FTD Facts.  
so much can be said about the beauty of the 
country, as well as the beauty of the people.  
Yet, even still, there are many stereotypes, 
misconceptions, and straight-up lies that have been  
put on as labels on the country and its people. 
Welcome back to FTD Facts, my name is Leroy Kenton,  
and for this episode, I'm going to be looking at 10 
of the biggest lies, stereotypes, and misconceptions  
about the Philippines. Okay, so let's get into this 
list. And number 10 - Filipino women are submissive  
and quiet. Like every other country though, women 
come in a variety of attitudes. Some a little bit  
more attitude prone than others. But either way, 
Filipinas are just a conservative type of woman.  
According to sources, Filipina women, they find 
it uncomfortable to mingle or even interact  
with male foreigners, and even their own men. 
They also have a reputation of being quiet and  
shy. But, this is normally because they feel 
that they don't have the adequate skill of  
speaking English to the foreigners. So, instead of 
speaking nonsense, they remain silent. The next lie  
is that the Philippines is one landmass. This is 
something that I've been guilty of thinking myself.  
But, there are actually over 7,000 islands that 
make up the Philippines. And, around 2,000 of them  
are inhabited. And this is known as an "archipelago",
which is, a collection of islands, or sometimes, a  
Sea containing a small number of scattered islands. Now, the Philippines has a total land area of 300,000  square kilometers,
which works out to be 
115,831 square miles. This makes it the world's  
largest island country. The Philippine archipelago 
is divided into three island groups: Luzon, Visayas,  
as well as, Mindanao. The lie number 8 is -
Filipinos don't speak English. So, when tourists  
visit the country of the Philippines, they're 
usually surprised at the fact that Filipinos,  
they actually learn English as their first 
language. Most Filipinos also learn it alongside  
Tagalog growing up. Although some Filipinos will 
have a distinct accent while speaking English,  
English-speaking tourists will have little or 
no trouble at all communicating with them. And,  
this actually leads us to our next lie. And this 
lie is that Filipinos only speak Tagalog. This lie  
and misconception is similar to the idea that 
Chinese people speak Chinese, when in fact they  
speak a wide variety of languages like Mandarin, 
Cantonese, etc. In the Philippines though, Tagalog is  
one of many dialects spoken in the country. Back 
in the year 1937, the government, they adopted Tagalog,  
elevating its status as a national language of 
the Philippines, also calling it Filipino. And it has  
since become mixed with other existing Philippine 
dialects as well as foreign languages like English  
and Spanish. Now, when it comes to native languages 
and dialects, there are more than 200 in the entire  
country. Number 6 - all Filipinos share the 
exact same culture. So, being an archipelago,  
like I mentioned earlier, historically, there was 
no actual Philippines to refer to. The different  
groups of islands being separated by large bodies 
of water, they contained their own distinct culture,  
and language, and traditions. Because of this, they 
were very distinct from each other. So then, the  
movement for a united Philippines didn't come 
until the arrival of the Spanish, which was much  
later on though. Alright guys, so we've reached halfway 
in this episode. We have 5 more lies to look  
at. And, for more information about the Philippines, 
I definitely want you to check out our video  
where we did 10 surprising facts about the 
Philippines. It is a mind-blowing episode.  
It's such a beautiful country. So much to learn 
about it. I'll link to it below in the video  
description section, so you can check it out after 
this. Alright, continuing with the lies. In at lie  
number 5, we have - Filipinos are nannies and call 
center agents, that's all they're good for. Okay, so,  
Filipinos may just be very good at delivering 
these types of services, and because of that,  
there's a high demand for their skills in other 
countries. However, not everyone shares the same  
dream job interest. There's actually millions and 
millions of Filipinos living and working overseas,  
with completely different professions, like 
doctors and nurses, and singers. Yeah. Filipinos sing  
really good! - That's another stereotype. But, I 
think there's like some facts to that. You'll  
find Filipino entrepreneurs, I.T. specialists, 
engineers, and the list goes on, and on, and on,  
and on, and on. So, no, no, no. They're not just nannies, 
and they don't just work in call centers overseas.  
The lie at number 4 is - Manila is the main 
business district. And this is something that  
I thought as well, I'm not gonna lie. Contrary to 
what many foreigners think, most of the embassies  
and big firms, banks, and insurance companies, 
they're actually located in Makati and Taguig city.  
Makati and Taguig are located within the greater 
Manila area. Now, Manila is the capital city of the  
Philippines, and it is one of the most populated 
cities. But, it is not necessarily where all the  
main action happens. Number 3, have you heard 
this one before?? - Dog meat is regularly eaten and  
served. Okay, alright, so, no. They don't sell dog 
meat in Filipino supermarkets and grocery stores.  
Eating dogs in the philippines is... it's a 
very taboo topic, and there actually are a  
few small groups. Most of them are in the 
northern region of the country, in the mountain  
province, where Indigenous people as well as their 
ancestors, have had a history of eating dog meat.  
but you're not gonna be finding it at restaurants 
or in grocery stores just like that. No, that  
doesn't exist. Number 2 - Filipinos date foreigners 
for money and papers. Alright guys, so these ideas  
are largely perpetuated because of shows like 
"90 day fiancé."  Let's be honest, okay? But not all  
Filipinos dream of becoming an American or 
British citizen, or whatever. Some just love  
to travel and meet new people along the way. Just 
because Filipinos date and marry foreigners, also  
doesn't mean that they're just looking for 
Visa applications, making that whole process  
easier and everything. Filipinos, they can afford 
to fund their own travels themselves, get their  
Visas, and do their jobs in foreign countries. So, 
they don't necessarily need a foreign partner  
to do so. Marrying a Filipino actually does 
not mean that the foreigner has to support  
the Filipino's family either. You know, there's 
a lot of times where people move overseas, and  
it's like, "Okay, well you got to send money back 
to my family." Not saying there's anything wrong  
with that, but it's unfair to label Filipinos 
with that stereotype. And, yes, so it is a sad  
reality that because they date foreigners, 
it's assumed that they're just gold diggers.  
But, if you actually think about it, just because 
someone dates somebody from a foreign country,  
doesn't mean that that person is rich either. 
So yeah, something to think about there. And now,  
moving on to our biggest lie in this episode -
The Philippines - it's a very dangerous country. Now,  
we've all seen the news reports. Many foreigners, 
they hear about Philippines war on drugs among  
other struggles that they have in the country. 
And this has led foreigners to think that the  
Philippines is a place of criminals and kidnappers. 
Everywhere. Now, there are of course several  
unfortunate issues in the country. But overall, 
away from the hot spots of criminal activity,,  
there are many beautiful places and safe places 
that you'll see in the Philippines. Not just the  
resorts designed for tourists, but many local 
places as well, completely safe. Alright guys,  
so this concludes this episode. This was a look 
at 10 of the biggest lies about the Philippines.  
Hope this helped clear up some misconceptions. 
The country of the Philippines, and Filipinos, they  
are an amazing group of people. Here at FTD Facts, 
we do our best to show love and appreciation to  
all peoples in our world. And, really hope you 
guys enjoyed this one. Leave a "Like" if you did.  
Don't forget to check out the recommended video. 
I'll link to it again in the video description  
section. And until next time guys, stay awesome, 
stay educated! I'll see you in the next episode.
you
