Learning more about the Filipino culture always fascinates me
Specially when I get to understand more about its diversity
And today we’re highlighting the Filipino Muslim Community
A minority part of the entire Filipino nation and takes about 5% in the south and 2% in Metro Manila
In Quiapo, you will see the Golden Dome which is the largest mosque in the metro called Masjid Al-Dahab
Or Manila Golden Mosque and Cultural Center
This is where our fellow Filipino Muslims worship and build a community around the neighborhood
In today’s video, we will engage our five senses as we do a Halal food tour inside Quiapo’s Muslim Town
Joining me today is Paps Carl of The Chui Show
Who’s also passionate about promoting the Southern Filipino food, people and culture
What else do we see here… Oh!
Dudul oh!
This one is Dudul
Specifically the Maranao, Magindanao and Tausug
And it all starts here
Alright, so I’m here with Paps Chui here at the biggest Golden Mosque in Quiapo
So Paps where are you gonna take me today?
So this is the famous underrated Muslim Town in Quiapo
There are a lot of different types of Halal food that you can usually find in the Southern part of the Philippines
But they have it here in this small barrio of Muslim Town
Khee, this will be a great food journey and we will dive deeper into the Muslim culture here in the Philippines
I’m so excited!
Let’s go!
What do you call this?
Bakas
What type of fish is it?
Tuna  -Ah tuna
That’s been dried?  -Yes
What do you call this again?  -Sakurab Palapa
Oh so this is palapa
Along Quiapo you will see this stalls like a Muslim Market
Where you an find Halal items and fresh produce and ingredients that’s coming from…
Mostly in the Southern part of the Philippines like Zamboanga, Tawi Tawi, Sulu
You can also tell that some of their goods came from Malaysia
Because Malaysia is close to those places
You can also tell that some of their goods came from Malaysia
Because Malaysia is close to those places
It’s a really different culture here
One of the best food spot or cultural spot here in Manila
And here
I think the most famous condiment in the South which is what they call Palapa
Sakurab
This one
Palapa, a spicy Southern Filipino condiment made out of Sakurab which are native scallions that grows in Lanao del Sur
Located in the Bangsamoro autonomous region in Muslim Mindanao
A staple at every Marano table
Food of Marano
A staple at every Marano table
Food of Marano
What is that?
Palapa  -Ah the Palapa
Phosan  - What is it?
Phosan
Small fish
It's like bagoong (fermented shrimp paste)
Wow really nice
I’m so excited to try this
I think we’re gonna go to a karinderya(eatery) here
A Muslim karinderya where they serve Halal food
What else do we see here… Oh!
Dudul oh!
This one is Dudul
Dudul?  -Dudul
This is sweet coconut right?  -Yes
Are you Malaysian?
No, Maranao
Can you speak English?  - A little bit
Me too my English is also limited
The same
Sugar
In Malaysia they also call it Dudul
In Indonesia it’s the same, Dudul
Yeah, I think it’s from the Malay word
So it’s coconut and brown sugar? Just that?   -Yeah
Not white sugar
Only brown
Not white just brown!
So here’s the Dudul
Go! get more, that’s too small 
It’s like Sundot Kulangot (local candy)
You do you Paps!  -Cheers!
Dudul
Mmm!
It’s not sweet
It’s fragrant
It’s like perfume
Look at this
It’s very stretchy, sticky, fragrant and not too sweet
It’s like Suman (rice cake) but a lot more chewy  -Yeah
So there’s durian bits
So you can taste the hint on some bites
Generally it’s not sweet
So this is the casing and it looks like a Filipino firework Lusis or something like that
I have never seen this packaging before
I mean the small sampalok packets look like this
But not like this big
Very unique
I think if  you’re gonna come here at the Muslim town, you should try this, Dudul
Do you want some?
Go try it guys
That’s coconut
Go try it, pull it
Come try it also
Thank you
No need to be shy  -What’s your name?
What’s your name?
Are you Bisaya?
You don’t speak Bisaya?
Are you Tagalog?  -Tausug?
Huh?
Uhm what’s your name?!
We’ll just use English
Is it good?
Is this Rendang or Pater?
Good?
Is this Rendang or the Pater.  -It’s Chicken Pater
We came at the right time that you’re about to start cooking
What is this brown here?
That’s coconut
In Singapore and Malaysia they call it Kelapa
Here they call it Niyog
So you toasted the coconut first?  -Yes
So she toasted first and then she added in the cooked chicken
I can smell it from here
Over charcoal
This is very traditional cooking here in Quiapo
What is that?
This is where all the flavors are coming from
A mixture of their famous condiment and staple cooking ingredient called Palapa
With tons of chilies, onions, soy sauce and some other spices
So here’s a Halal version of a Karinderya in the Philippines
Halal because it’s mostly catering to our fellow Muslim Filipinos who are living here in Manila
because we have here the Golden Mosque in Quiapo
The biggest community of Muslims in Manila are here
So here we’re gonna different types of dishes that only you can find here
Outside of Mindanao of course
Auntie what is this?  -Piaparan
Okay
Chicken curry and Adobo
Piaparan?
Rendang
What ‘s Piaparan?
Piaparan cooked with chicken, coconut and turmeric
That’s why it’s color yellow
I’ll order one
As you can see they're scooping from a very big pot of yellow rice which is turmeric rice basically
That’s why it’s color yellow as well
It’s steaming and piping hot, freshly cooked
So we’re gonna pair the rice with this chicken piaparan
With lots of chilies in there
It’s all yellow right now
Yeah java rice with turmeric
They provide gloves so you can freely use your hands to eat
So unfortunately the chicken rendang is not yet ready
We need to wait at least 2 hours to eat that and they already have the chicken piaparan
Yup that’s delicious
It has turmeric, palapa and java rice
Let’s dig in
Oh it’s hot!  -Hot right!
Even with gloves you still can feel it
This is their version of chicken rice
Wait I cannot hold it
It looks like a highlighter
Look at that
Cheers!!
Mmm…
Long time
Sweet, salty, spicy, umami
Curry, it has curry flavor
It’s like dry curry  -Exactly
And you can really taste the turmeric flavor in there
The one that gives it a kick and gives it more flavor is the palapa and the dried coconut  -Yeah the chili
That’s their version of sambal here
Because they use it for cooking and they also use it as a condiment
And it’s very tasty
Add it on anything and it’s gonna be flavorful  -Delicious!
I don’t recall this to be this spicy
The last time that I ate this it’s not that spicy
Really spicy  - But it’s still good
To my fellow friends living in Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia
This is the vibe that you will get here
Similar to the spiciness that you will get in those countries as well
Because there’s this influences that they get
My blood came alive  -Right?
See he’s sweating already  -Earlier I was sleepy
I’m not the only one
You can see it clearly in the camera  -Delicious
This is a good start
I mean we’ve had Dudul, Chicken Piaparan and let’s go get some more  -Yeah
So mostly people who are living in the neighborhood will flock here for these Halal Karinderya food items
Does your stall have a name?
Kintan Pater
If you wanna try these Halal foods you can come here
Kintan Pater
And only here you will find
Spicy Bihon like this
You will not find this in any karinderya in the Philippines
They cook the Bihon Canton with chilies here
So let me try the fried bihon with lots of chilies
Piping hot
Look at that
Mmm!
Salty, savory and spicy
I wouldn’t think I can describe that in Filipino bihon but only here in the Muslim town in Manila
So we just arrived here at the next spot which is Pastilan
So they’re famous for their Pastil which is a rice dish that is wrapped in banana leaf
And as you can see here they’re cutting it into smaller pieces
So after she cuts it, it’s gonna be like that
So same length, same size
So they can wrap the rice
So this is the final product of the Pastil
I know you’ve already tried this   -Yeah, twice
So can you tell us more about this
This is the 10 pesos pastil, it’s a famous budget meal especially in Maguindanao
Wrapped in banana leaves
This is the secret
Guess how much is this
I already know
10 pesos only
Look at this Khee
Look at that
Wow! 
A pile of rice with shredded chicken flavor
Student meal
I think this is very worth it
You can bring this anywhere like a snack
It looks like the version of Japanese onigiri  -Yeah
If the the Japanese Onigiri wrapped in seaweed, here it’s wrapped in banana leaf
Muslim’s style
It’s Halal chicken
Sometimes they use beef or fish I think
But I think the most famous is the chicken
And you’ve already tried this right?  -Yeah
That’s delicious
The last time that we went here we met a guy that traveled just for this
Guess how many of this did he eat?
Just guess
3?
10!
Record breaking!
When you come to think of it it’s only 10 pesos  -10?!!
This is one meal for others right?  -Yeah one meal and it’s cheap
Auntie is the one who originated this
All of their relatives have different branches here but she’s the brains of this dish
Is this your recipe?
How do you make the chicken on top?
How do you cook it?
Shred the chicken and then saute it with garlic and onion with chili
So it’s only garlic, onion and chili
Does this have soy sauce?  -Yes
Yeah the soy sauce is the seasoning
That’s why the color is like that, it’s a little bit dark
She’s already been featured in social media channels
So Aling Rakima is already famous
A lot of people buy from her stall here in Quiapo
And it’s my first time trying her Pastil
So let’s give it a try
Mmm…
It’s delicious!
It’s super flavorful
The meat is shredded finely and it’s super duper flavorful and umami packed because of the soy sauce
It’s crushed into small pieces that has been toasted and it’s so flavorful
And it’s just so good to pair it with rice
Look at that, she wraps it n the banana leaf
She puts in the rice first
Top it with the chicken, the shredded chicken
And wrap it in the banana leaf, and it’s ready for 10 pesos
It’s really worth it
Mmm…
It’s really delicious
It reminds me of beef tapa
It has the depth of flavor that you get when you toast beef
And when you eat beef tapa
Do you also sell the topping only?
Oh they have it here
So if you want just the ulam on top of the rice
This is the pastil which is only 100 pesos
If there’s pulled pork in America, this is like pulled chicken but Halal
So they have chili garlic here as well
If you wanna have it with your rice
Their chili garlic is good also, it’s homemade as well
Just add 10 pesos
10 pesos, on top of the 10 peso meal
The culture of wearing gloves here in Quiapo
It’s anitary right?  -In the Muslim town
Get a dollop of chili
Okay let’s get the one with the chili
It’s perfect 
Cheers!
Mmm…
This is such a comforting, filling, hearty, worth it meal
I’m really gonna but 1 tub of this
This is the best 10 peso meal you can eat right? It’s so flvaorful
Yeah, I mean where else can you find a 10 peso meal in Manila?
Did you know that the standard jeepney fare right now is 12 pesos? And this is 10 pesos
So good!
I’m bringing this home
I’ll pay for it first hehe
Alright so we waited 2 hours for this chicken rendang
And now it’s finally cooked with chilies
It’s topped with coconut and it’s still piping hot, soft chicken
Look at how juicy it is
Even the rice is hot
Mmm…
This is really the best
Very savory, salty
Again, sweetness coming from the coconut and it goes well with the fragrant turmeric rice
So they make this Palapa very very flavorful
Again, it’s like the sambal
I think the Palapa itself is a dish already, I love how spicy it is
Mmm!
One bite of the ulam, you must follow it with another bite of the rice
This is the kind of food that you won’t notice that it’s gone already because you keep on munching
I mean I can finish 2 servings of this when I was in high school
Really?
Now it’s not ok anymore
What’s that bro?
This is the legit palapa  -Chili?
This is the pure version
I wanna try
Is it called Sakurab?
They use the Sakurab  -This is legit Palapa
It’s good! It’s like kimchi
So this is the Palapa where they use the Sakurab
You see those fibers
Those are from the Sakurab
Put it on top of the rice
This is the recipe of Uncle Gary’s grandma, this Palapa
Cheers!
Mmm…
Oh yeah!
It has that kimchi vibe
On your first bite
There’s fire in my mouth right now
I’m gonna buy Palapa
Ah!!
She will munch on it later before sleeping
This will wake me up in the morning, thank you!
Ugh so good
Thank you!
This sensation will last until tomorrow
Alright, dessert time!
And we came here a few steps away from the pateran earlier
There’s quire a few items here that I’m not familiar with
So this is Pakbol
I think it’s a fried dough with banana inside
And then they have the Balulon
It’s like a crepe, inside it is like a sweet coconut
Then they have here the Biyaki which is corn and cassava that’s wrapped in banana leaf
We’re gonna get one each
Do you want to get one of anything?
No I’m fine
Just one
And one Biyaki
Earlier we got a meal, now at 10 pesos we got a dessert
The minimum here is 10 pesos
Thank you!
Where will your 10 pesos take you?
Alright, so we ordered up 3 desserts which is 30 pesos, very cheap
What do you want to try first paps?
This is what really intrigues me because of its color
Balulon
It’s like a crepe
It’s like an ube crepe
And it has coconut?  -Coconut
Look at how stretchy it is
Ooh! That’s it
Nice, cheers!
It’s like the filling in pande coco but creamier
It’s a chewier kind of crepe
It’s dry but it’s creamy and moist
This is really delicious
I’ll also take some of this home
Sweet coconut crepe, very good!
I’ve only seen that here
Go paps try the Pakbol
I didn’t know it’s this thick
Fried dough with saba banana inside
Look how thick the batter is
It’s looks like a large banana cue  -Right?
Then it’s sprinkled with sugar on the outside
Cheers!
Mmm
It’s thick
It’s crispy on the outside
So it’s like a banana donut
Thick bread, sweet banana flavor and then
It also has sugar outside so there’s extra sweetness
And I like that the banana is not too sweet
So the sweetness is coming from the sugar
This is heavy
It can pass as a filling snack if you’re hungry for merienda, this could fill you up
Last but not the least is the Biyaki
Open it up
This is wrapped in banana leaf
There’s cassava and corn mixed in there
So it’s like a Suman (rice cake) that has kamoteng kahoy (cassava)
But this one is in a different shape with corn
Mmm…
Very corn-y
It’s not too sweet
Very simple straightforward filling snack
Delicious!
That you can find here just a few steps away from the Pateran
What’s important is that it’s 10 pesos each  -it’s only 10 pesos
It’s really cheap
And it’s Halal
Oh my goodness, I’m so overwhelmed with the culture and the community of the Filipino Muslim people here in Quiapo
Thank you so much for bringing me here Paps
It’s such an honor to share culture especially here in Muslim town
Very underrated
Like what I’ve told you before
There’s a lot of people that is scared to try because of discrimination
But when you come to think of it the population of Muslims is high here in the Philippines
But they are not much appreciated especially their food and culture
And this is a simple way to promote their culture and food
It’s a must try here in Muslim town
Thank you so much Khee and I saw that you really enjoyed it
I witnessed that you ate a lot and it’s spicy
Fiery afternoon  -Our tongues is on fire
And I think it’s a good experience to see a pinch of the South of the Philippines here in Manila
So you don’t need to travel all the way to the South
You can come here in Quiapo Manila
Thank you so much Paps
You can follow him at The Chui Show on Youtube and Facebook
And where ever
And that’s it for today’s video -Anywhere, even Tiktok
Thank you so much for watching
Until we meet again here in Manila Philippines
Bye!
 Bang!
