 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez and this is the commodity. And today we're reacting to the bald eagle versus the Philippine eagle, which is the strongest. It's funny because this has nothing to do with the countries. Like it really doesn't. Like it, we're just talking about birds. Yeah, we're literally talking about two birds. It has, I mean, yes, the Philippine eagle represents the Philippines. I'm guessing that's their national bird. I don't know. Is it? Let us know in the comments. Yeah, let us know. And then of course, everybody knows the bald eagle is America's national bird, which is definitely strong. I know it's smaller. I know it's smaller because the Philippine eagle, I've read in the comments that it's the largest eagle in the world. So yeah, guys, if you like us and you like smiles and happiness and just I thought you were making fun of more of these smiles. Just warm feelings inside. Go ahead and give this video a thumbs up. Help us with the YouTube algorithm. It definitely helps get this video out to the masses. We just hit 30,000 subscribers. Thanks to you guys. We truly appreciate it. We're trying to hit 15 billion by the end of the week. So yeah, subscribe. Subscribe. Let's jump into this. We're obviously not going to ever hit 15 billion. That way says who we could be the first. We can bold eagle versus Philippine. Okay, let's just let's just be honest right here. If you had to pick one from this picture, what would you pick? I mean, obviously the Philippine eagle is a beautiful bird. But from this image, it looks like the American eagle is staring down the Philippine eagle and the Philippine eagle is like, oh, shh. Like, I mean, talk about like the most stereotypical look for like, you know, I'm a military. I'm a tough guy. The bald eagle definitely has the menacing look. I'm not dissing the Philippines by any stretch. Again, this is not about the countries. This is about two birds. Yes. So from this view alone, the bald eagle looks much more badass than my personal opinion. Don't hate me. That's a funny picture though. They couldn't have done better. What was the fight between these two top predators? Eagles have held a special place in the cultures of many civilizations because of their impressive size and beauty. Use to symbolize royal power from ancient Egypt to the Roman and Napoleonic Empire. Class of YouTube is doing that on coin standards and weaponry. That's good. The fight between the Philippine eagle and the bald eagle is something that anyone would be interested in watching. See, they're the Philippine eagle. Look, the Philippine eagle will really recall it. Look, that picture is just not finished. Okay. Come on. Why are you so fast? The two species. So it looks pretty badass. In that picture, it looks so much better. Whoever did the last, they put it on purpose. I guarantee you it was an American. So they tried to, but again, I guess it's just so iconic here. You just see the American eagle or the American eagle. The bald eagle, first of all, it's not bald, but it just looks fat. It's got weight to it. He's armadially found in different geographical regions and therefore making it hard to bring them together for a fight. The two praying bird species have unique characteristics and adorable physical features. Adorable. Clearly recognized by its white head, brown body, and hooked yet. Have you ever seen a bald eagle before? A species of an international emblem of the American eagle. A zoo. A 1718. Seen a Colorado. Although they are not bald, but rather have a white head in stark contrast to darker colored feathers. They are beautiful. This beautiful bird is readily found hunting a laskin salmon, but exists all over the United States and Canada. The Philippine eagle is one of the world's largest, most powerful birds of prey. Unfortunately, the Philippine eagle is critically endangered due to poachers and deforestation. You know, that's unfortunate. Yeah. What makes you want to kill a bird like that? People are crappy. And if they have the opportunity to put something on their mantle or if they see medicinal benefits, because a lot of people had the same concept with elephant tusks and stuff like that. They'll literally kill an elephant just for its tusks. To make ivory things or even grind it up and use it as a medicinal thing. So it's just people suck is what it is. And then the deforestation is people suck again. So to be fair, the bald eagle was almost extinct. And it was a lot of like the Philippine eagle. I think it was a baby's life. It's got a brown eagle. Description. Bald eagles are large predatory raptors that are recognizable for their brown body and wings, white head and tail, and hooked yellow beak. Their feet, which are also yellow, are equipped with sharp blood talons. Juvenile bald eagles look very different from adults. I didn't know that. They all lost entirely brown with occasional white markings on the undersides of their wings. That's really cool. As the juvenile gets older, the bill turns from dark brownish black to yellow and the head and tail turn white. Bald eagles grow to about 2.5 to 3 feet. 0.7 to 0.9 meters. Oh, big ass bird. Seven feet. Female bald eagles are larger than the males, but share the same coloration. Aside from its strength and rarity, this bird of prey is notably recognized for its size. It is the largest living eagle in the world in terms of length. They can grow up to 3 feet 4 inches, 102 centimeters. How big is that compared to the bald eagle? Bald eagle is up to 3 feet. They're about the same height. The wingspan on the bald eagle is 7 feet. We're splitting hairs. The female is typically larger than the male and can weigh up to an impressive 18 pounds. The male is usually about the same height as the male. The male is usually about the same height as the male. The male is usually about the same height as the male. The male is usually about the same height as the male. The male is usually about the same height as the male. I still like it, first picture. The male is now 7 feet 8 thighs, higher than you get. The middle is a weight condition. The female is now 9 feet thick, too. The male is also told to carry out knee sole touch. That's like Montana or something. Look how big they're freaking nested. The trees based on height and sturdiness. All the eagles can be found across the entire United States. The eagles will also spread down into northern Mexico. So it's got the time of year. So year round, it's in all of these areas, non-breeding time, blue and then breeding. It's in like Canada and stuff. Through most of Canada and into Alaska as well. Yeah, it's all in Colorado. That's far from the main ones you have sightings. It's really always there. I was about to say I have no idea what he just said. Like resinous, something or other. I was like, I'm an idiot. I have no idea what words he just used. Let us know down in the comments. Have you seen one of these in person? It's a lot like for the US. I would say it's actually quite rare on an average person to have ever seen a wild bald eagle. I've seen them in shows and in like captivity type things because they were also going extinct. So a lot of eagles were kept in captivity to help the population to grow through breeding. So. Pithikopika, Jefferi, also occurs in second growth and gallery forest. Diet. I think the vast majority of all the eagles diet consists of fish. They prefer habitats near water, perisi fishing. Many populations will rely heavily on the spawning behaviors of fish like salmon and trout for their diet. Could you imagine a bird just coming down and pulling a fish out of the water? Yeah. Other birds compose the next largest portion of the bald eagles diet. Look at this. They will feed on sea gulps and herons, ducks, geese, cigarettes, loons, sandhill cranes and pelicans. Wow. Holy crap. Less frequently, bald eagles will prey on mammals. Some mammal species that are known prey to bald eagles include raccoons, rabbits, muskrats, beavers, deer fawns, and harbour seal pups. I didn't know they could go for that big of a animal. They are on medium sized mammals, such as flying lemurs, palm civets, flying squirrels and monkeys, giving them their other common name, monkey eating eagles. That's crazy. Other prey includes rats, snakes, small deer, birds, and bats. So the Philippines eagle primarily is more like meaty foods. And then the bald eagle is primarily fish, which is meat. Right, but it's more of a lean meat. He's working out. He's trying to get the protein in. You mean like fatty meats, right? Like red meat. That's unfortunate. That's gangster dude. Poor monkeys. Poor monkeys. Poor monkeys. Poor monkeys. Poor monkeys. Poor monkeys. Poor monkeys. Bald eagles are powerful flyers, soaring, gliding, and flapping over long distances. In one of several spectacular courtship displays, a male and female fly high into the sky, lock talons, and cartwheel downward together, breaking off at the last instant to avoid crashing to earth. I did not know that. A lot of people are floating. A bald eagle may use its wings to row over water too deep for waiting. Though often solitary, bald eagles congregate by the scores, or even the hundreds, at communal roosts and meaty. That's crazy. That's no idea. When feeding at carcasses, bald eagles may push black and turkey vultures out of the way. I don't know if you all have vultures in Malaysia, but... Or the Philippines, sorry. Or Malaysia for that matter, I don't know. But here, oh my gosh. It's against the law number one hunt those, because they do clean streets and stuff like that. I remember a short story. My grandfather, one of them got hit by a car, and so I had a broken wing. But it would literally eat like they're huge. They're bigger than eagles. Yeah. I want to say, because they're gigantic birds. And it would literally go and eat on the his crop. And so he had to go to the state to get an okay to hunt that... I don't know. Buzzer, I guess, is what it was, truly. And so it was... And then I remember going and hunting, and my dad was going to the bathroom in the middle of the woods. And I'm standing behind him, and then I see the thing walk up, and it kind of spreads out its wings and kind of freaks out, because it can't fly. Or it can kind of just flutter around. It can't fly up high or anything like that. And my dad was freaked out. He was like, he couldn't find the gun or anything. It was hilarious. It was so good. But yeah, they're huge. So if a bald eagle or an eagle in general is bullying it around, that's impressive. And they're always in groups. Yeah. The pollution in the Philippine islands without other predators, made the eagles the dominant hunter in the Philippine forests. Each breeding pair requires a large home range of 25 to 50 square miles. That's crazy. To successfully raise a chick and thus the species is extremely vulnerable to the regularly occurring deforestation. We don't think that makes a lot of sense. The species flight is fast and agile, resembling the smaller hawks more than similar large birds of prey. Additionally, they have been known to attack inanimate objects for practice. And what are you looking at? As well as to attempt to hang upside down to work on their balance. Oh, wow. Life expectancy for a wild eagle is estimated to be anywhere from 30 to 60 years. That's cool. Wow. I'm guessing the Philippine eagle. A combat between these two birds will definitely be a fierce one. Their habitat and feeding patterns also differ in a way that no enthusiastic or researcher will confidently predict the outcome of a fight between the two. The winner will be determined by not only strength and size, but also the ability to be able to get the best of the two. Just tell us. I know, really. There is no doubt that the Philippine eagle is stronger and also more potent than the bald eagle. However, bald eagles are also smart, resourceful, and can defend themselves from any injury by the endangered Philippine eagle. Philippine eagles are known to seamlessly maneuver in any direction with high speed between trees and densities. Get it over with. This behavior is enhanced by their physical characteristics. Though the bald eagle may be more intelligent, the Philippine eagle is likely to win a fight between the two. Okay. That's all for today. Okay. I don't think birds do hunt, eat, fight each other like that to be fair. What do you think would work when between a gorilla and a hippopotamus? A gorilla. Hippo destroyed. No, it wouldn't. Yes it will. It's the most dangerous animal in the entire world. Yeah, but they're stupid. Dude, they will... Have you seen the videos where they take on alligators and they'll take on rhinos and stuff? Kill a hippo. I don't think it's a punch in the face. I don't think a gorilla is know how to punch. Yeah, they do. That's not a punch, bro. I won't punch you. Ow! Guys, again, if you liked this video, give us a thumbs up. If you like me, subscribe. If you love me, definitely subscribe. You want them to love me, bro. That means they'll hit like subscribe. If you want to subscribe, subscribe. But again, throw some comments down here and... Some suggestions. In comments for that matter. For some other videos for us to check out, we're running low on suggestions right now. Yes, we need suggestions. But this one was a suggestion, so we thank you for the people that suggested it. I think like 30 people suggested this video, so it was much appreciated. And with that being said, my name is Miles. And my name is Faire. Thanks for watching, guys. Peace out.