 Hello guys, Shusumi from Japan. Right, today I'm reacting to this video today. Anime Melody Park 1 by the Quacks production. That Quacks production? Is that correct? Quacks production. Yeah. Actually, one of my subscribers recommended this video to me. Thanks for that. Yeah, at the moment, I don't know who they are. What kind of anime song they are singing. They are Philippines band, right? Yeah. Actually, this is my first time to see this video. So, yeah, I'm kind of excited. So, yeah. Now, let's get into it. Wow. With original video. It's nice. Oh, that's nice. Cool. Ace 2. Cool. What does it mean? Well, I like his voice. It's very cool. This is a voice that Japanese don't really have, yeah, I think. But I find many mistakes in lyrics. Or maybe he can't pronounce Japanese correctly. He was singing in Japanese like, but he didn't say correct lyrics. Yeah. I caught some words, but some were wrong. Absolutely. So, it's a cool. It's a cool. Dragon. It's a cool. Dragon. Yeah. What's a cool. Why don't you see the lyrics? He doesn't see the lyrics, right? What's a cool. It's a cool. Okay. So, what is this cheap band? Sorry to say this guys, but so far. I don't know why he got so many views. I mean, they arranged this song with, you know, a cool stick guitar and it got a chill, nice song. But how could you arrange this high power, high energy song into chill song? He got those good points. You know, it should be arranged with powerful instruments like, you know, electric guitar or something. Oh, nice choice. But this is also powerful song. So, I wonder if this chill arranged song going well. I like. Oh Well, it's still making a lot of mistakes for the lyrics Okay, I think he just focused on you know singing he doesn't really care about the lyric He's just showing off his singing I guess yeah, I love his voice though, but that's all unfortunately Absolutely Oh Sorry, I'm gonna stop walking What do you mean by sake di tai It's a sake di tai Sorry, it's so funny that I can't focus on his singing Oh good at English obviously Oh I don't really know what this anime I I like my Yeah, you can so warm up, you can so warm up, come here this you, you got it so fast, you got the tear to canna there. Well, here singing style is very characteristic. Yeah, but it's nice. Oh, you, you have show, but you go to change the instruments. I don't think you match with this anime song. Oh, sorry, I didn't need to what I said earlier. Yeah. It's really cool. I like it. I like this arrange. Yeah, this is so cool arrange. Yeah, I like it. He keeps making mistakes though. Oh, nice. You have to remember the lyric. Well, the start is always like Eagles. You know, like hotel California. Yeah, I think the big goal distance from Eagles. Oh, Pokemon. Oh, what? I don't know this song. Is this opening theme of Pokemon? This is my first time to hear this song. Oh, cool. Oh, cool. Oh, you're my best friend. It'll work. We must defend. Pokemon, gotta catch my heart so true. A girl which will pull us through. You teach me and I teach you. Pokemon, gotta catch my, gotta catch my Pokemon. It's very cool. Seriously, is this the real song? Not the original song? Well, I think he's saying in English it's much better. It's much cooler. Who's that Pokemon? Who's the Pokemon? What? How do I open? What's that? What's this anime? Nice to know. Wait, what's this anime? I've never watched it actually. Is this Japanese anime? Is this Japanese anime? Wrong lyrics. What? He's a totally wrong lyric. That was funny. He was always singing wrong lyrics. But what's funny is, it sounds like correct Japanese. You guys thought he was singing correct Japanese, didn't you? I guess he tried to remember it by his ear, only listening. Not by looking at the ear. He was impressed with his ear quality, but he got to remember the lyrics. And the arrangement. It was cool, arranged, but he didn't really match with Japanese anime songs. Except for when you're opening the mobile, you're actually... That was cool. Yeah, I like it. The vocal, his voice was cool, they matched with cool, chill, music. It was more like a song's playing, you know, a passionate restaurant of a result island. You know, anime song is supposed to be more powerful, like a song makes you chill up. So don't make a chill. And one more thing, the way the vocal sings was really characteristic like it. What you know! It sounds like Japanese old visual rock band. Yeah, I mean, but it's great. Like, Chara Hed Chara, Dremel Ball of O, Nidim, or Slantando of Nidim. Those who are really for them, for him, I guess, because those songs made by visual rock bands. So he really matches with his voice. So just change the instrumental to something powerful, like electronic guitar. You got much, much better. So, yeah, please change. And you got to remember the lyrics. Now, I found lots of mistakes. But surprisingly, it sounds natural Japanese. Anyway, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. I hope you liked it. If you did, make sure to like, subscribe. So, bye for now. This is time to go.