 I just learned a little bit of Tagalog from this amazing ghetto Filipino video. So now it's time to test myself with Flowji rap star one of his biggest songs ever. I don't even know who his dude is all I know is Polo G From Chicago did a rap star and I don't know if this is like a remix to that I don't know if it's the same B and he's doing his own thing on it. I don't know what it is All I do know is he's Filipino and I can't speak Tagalog But I just learned all I need to know in that ghetto Filipino video. So I think I'll be able to understand every single word We'll see if I can't if I can't understand it just on subscribe and Yeah, let's get to it. This is the only music reaction I'm doing though. I'm not maybe we'll see Is that him supreme Gucci? He's got diamonds on he really is a rap star Jesus. He got a lot I guess a funny glass is hold up wait. I got you. Do you know about funny glasses? Hold up man This dude is like oh my god. I'd stop that adjusting time hold up. Oh, I get oh Wait, should I do with subtitles? No, it might be OP hold up. We'll start without See if I can understand anything And then if I can't then well, but this dude is like this is clouded up or something This is like you look good like draker something Hold on hold on hold on what is going on Oh, what do you whoa whoa? How do you say You walk after the subtitles on bro. I swear to god. He just says some a million racial slurs I Last reached up titles. I can't even read them anyway. Oh, who's that? Oh Who's this? Basketball is that a Who is this she got funny glasses too hold on a minute? We got a basketball shoddy and a rapping Individual right here. I might have to join this gang for real like what is your Is it the G gang the flow game or I'm not to join this hold up what is her name? Menace is ripping out I This is made out of money apparently literally the Filipino draker something Filipino freaking Little baby. I don't know like this dude is just pro. He's made out of gold now. What the hell? There's gold bars here everything's gold Yeah, no idea what he's saying either I don't know I didn't understand a single word. I like this I Oh, he's a dude You This music videos were crazy I can't lie What's happening My man is floating in the fucking air Intriguing is this your girlfriend the way she's looking at you is making me question Hmm And her hand is she a fucking mythical creature? Is she a ass-wong or a witch or something bro But the house or hand doing that shit hold up bro. I hope she ain't taking all your money, bro She lowkey might be This is what I wanted to pause for he's fucking floating he is elevated to Michael Jordan stature Drake stature like Floji I guess I guess it's actually him. He's him Stripe money is this whole video In your melody bag You know Well, we are they now, but that's not even a real place. I mean this this ain't a real place either, but bro How I'm what is happening? How are they here? I Is this is gangbo is this the gangbo hold up. I don't know if I want to join anymore You And they are credits scenes this music video was nasty Music video was amazing wrapping. I don't know what he said. So I don't know about his lyrics But based on his flow. I mean his name is flow G and his flow was Pretty not worth the honestly. It was pretty pretty good. It was far. I can't even lie I just wish I knew what he was saying But either way, you know if this if this literally does amazing then maybe I'll do another music reaction maybe But you know, you guys gotta get like 300 likes on this or something if I'm gonna do another one that was far though flow G He might have even did better than polo G Hold up. I probably shouldn't say that Americans might shoot me, but