 Selamat dati, vei. Ayaan, seis meraan naan, seis meraan naan. My name is Ruth. I'm a student at school, living and studying here in the Philippines. Until I'm most welcome to last week's note. For my own subscribe button, thank you guys so much for always speaking in. This video is going to be in pre-porn. So in this video, I'm going to be sharing with you my personal opinion why I prefer life in the province. That is living in the province to living in the city. If it is what you are interested in finding out, please do well to keep on watching. So the number one reason why I prefer life in the province is to live in the Philippines to live in the city. Living in the city is life in the province is very, very cheap for better life in the city. I have a friend who used to live here in the province before she moved to the city. And I tell you guys, the rent she's paying there in the city is my own sumo rents. That is, my rent is time soon of her own rents. According to my friend, the room she's staying there in the city is not even as spacious as my own room or her former room before. And yes, the money she's paying is my own sumo rents. That's because she's staying in the city. So the rent in the city is more than the rents with rent in the province. And the space you also want to talk about the space. How this in the province is more spacious. Like what my friend said in English, most spacious and cheaper compared to most houses you have there in the city. And also, in the province you have more of natural rest of. If you want to talk about food, you have more food. And cheaper food. We like to say more about cheaper food in the province. If you want to talk about farm produce, you know that metal, you want to talk about vegetable, other stuff. You get it fresh and cheaper in the province compared to the city. My friend always tell me that it's made so veggies they get that from the mall. You get those things from the mall where you are no longer a GCC in Philippines. When I came to Philippines first, like the first time before I got used to the area where I'm staying, that was when I used to get things from the mall. Like you go to the mall you buy okra and it's made so. People even in the province do prefer some. Prefer to get those things from the mall. But for me, you get those things from early morning market. There is a market close to where I'm staying. And that market, if you want to get things cheap, you go as early as 5.4.6 am. You get a lot of things very cheap. So that's one of the benefits of living in the province. You know your way in the province. You know how they are raised in their markets. You get these things cheaper. My friend was even listening to something she missed while she was living in the province. Which is no longer gaining as she is now living in the city. The day she told me she bought just for 2 minutes of 100 pesos. What? 100 pesos for just 4 seats of 2 minutes? I said no no. That means that place is not for me girl. It's not for me. That's the only option just to get it. And even okra gets it from the mall. Was it that because the market was too far and to get things. And all that is easier to get it from the mall. Because the mall is closer and it's way more expensive compared to what she was buying in the province. And my friend was telling me how much she missed the life in the province. Especially in the aspects of food and rent. So food in the province but it's to get commodities, fun produce. It's cheaper in the province and you get them straight from the source. You know fresh and not that. Or in the city most of those things you get them from the mall. And it is way more expensive compared to how you get them in the province. Another point is even the schools in the province are more cheaper compared to the ones in the city. And they also offer quality education. The ones in the province offer quality education. So if you are a foreigner and you are considering coming to the province. The only thing is make sure the school you are applying for is a well-recognized school. Or the most of the schools. The ones I know are well-recognized school. So just make sure that the school is well-recognized. It's accredited. But if you still want to go to the city depends on your preference. If you prefer to stay in the city is still very good. I'm only trying to make especially foreigners who may want to come to the Philippines. Just for you to know that everything in the city most things. Let me know just generalize it like that. Most things in the city including the schools are more expensive in the city compared to the province. And whether you stay in the city or you stay in the province is still the same thing. One matter is what you have upstairs. It's still the best on you anyway the one you want. Or just make mind that the one in the city is more expensive compared to the one in the province. Like general everything you want to think of. What you have in the city most things rather. Let me know just generalize. Most things in the city to get them as higher price compared to the ones in the province. Also in terms of transportation you can easily communicate your way in the province. In the province you have the tricycle, you have the cheap knee, you have the trident bike and all that. Although you also have the cheap knee in the city. But there are some places you do not even see cheap knee. And you may not even see tricycle. But in the province you have a lot of them. You have cheap knee, you have tricycle. In some places you have trident bike. So commuting in the province is easier compared to the city. Another thing is the city is more populated compared to the province. And you have more political relations, more political A. Because in the city you have a lot of factories, you have a lot of companies, you have a lot of talk units. And you know the way the houses are so close apart, no more space compared to how you have it in the province. So the air in the city, our jersey is more polluted compared to what you have in the province. Also the city is more crowded compared to the province. And also in the city you know you have a lot of traffic jam in the province. It is less. And you know in the city you have a lot of hustle, the hustle and bustle life you have in the city. But in the province it is more peaceful, more natural come. You know the natural scenario you have in the province. You cannot find it there in the city. So for me I prefer life in the province. That's living in province, it's a city. Although city has its own advantages. And all these things differ in individual. There are some persons that cannot live in the province for one reason or another. There are some people that have reasons why they can never live in the province. Even as a foreigner and as a student they prefer life in the city. This video is based on my personal opinion. And to also help foreigners who are interested in coming to the Philippines in the future. So be able to make the decision if you want to live in the city or if you want to live in the province. Everything depends on individual. Also there are advantages of living in the city which you don't have here in the province. But when you check and balance you will decide for yourself if you want to live in the city or you want to live in the province. The city also has its own advantages. Because in the city you have more beautiful places in the city. You have bigger malls. You have a lot of beautiful things. You can see and find in the city. You can hardly find the province or in all it depends on an individual. Like I said this video is based on my personal point of view. Why I prefer living in the province to living in the city here in the Philippines as a foreigner. If you have watched this video up until this moment and you are yet to subscribe to North Width Note. Please do also hit the red subscribe button and remember to turn on your post notification bell that says all. So you don't miss out on any of my uploads. Ask the like button. Leave your comment down in the comment section if you have video suggestions. You can leave it down in the comment section or DM me. Do well to share this video and once again, like come your way next time. Please stay safe and remember to stay safe. Bye! Bye!