 Wow, so beautiful. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, music. Oh. Oh. Wow. Oh my god, I'm going to start crying. Ah, mix me. Mix me once to travel again. You have to pick the peppers. What is up guys? And welcome back to What's Up Philippines? I'm Mike. And I'm Nelly. And we have two travel food and lifestyle bloggers based in the beautiful city of Makati that our washing machine just finished off. And today we are reacting to a video that is highly, highly requested. Nelly, what is the video? OK. The video is a video from beautiful destinations and they are featuring the beauty of the Philippines. And since we really, really miss like traveling all around the Philippines, not just by car, I'm very looking forward to this. Is this a new video? It's a new video. Yeah, very exciting. Very exciting. Guys, before we get started with today's video, please be sure to hit that subscribe button, turn on the notifications. And what? I was waiting for you. I was waiting for you. I was thinking because I'm sorry, I'm not the correctness. And also, I'm able to bring the best reaction videos to you, guys. We have created a way that you can bring us, or you can submit to us, be newest recommendations. We have a link in the description down below. You can click it. You can send us a link. We'll receive it. And we can look through it because the comments are just absolutely overwhelming. Yeah. Thank you so much. We have received a lot of requests over the past few months. Yeah. And we'll try and do as many as possible. But if you have a video you really want to see us react to it, the link in the description is what you need to do. Shall we? Yes. Let's go. Let's go. Oh, let me just... I forgot. You're dramatic start. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's amazing. Oh. We have the song. I use the song of the main channel making it happen. I have the blog. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. It's a very epic song that I can sing. Because I don't have any worries. It's a very powerful song. It's a very powerful song. It's not a very powerful song. It's a very powerful song because of the pandemic. It's a very epic song that the server has. Because it's not just a song that we have. The most effective song is the vendors, Caballeros and thrice-croll driver. But illegal freight or power government. But it's not just a song that I can sing. The song is very good. It's a very good song. Oh, great. The culture, the hospitality, the city, the city, the city, the city, the city. I'm proud of this song in the Pagikin Philippine. I met all the other people. We are the people of the other class of the country. Even if we don't have the same name, we have to be able to sing the song. Great song. Wow. I want to go this. Beautiful. Oh my god, I'm going to stop crying. Oh, stunning. This is real. When I was in the pandemic, I was in the same team as the Philippines. The Philippines. The Philippines. Wow. Wow. So powerful. The beautiful thing is we have visited so many places that were shown in this video. But still, I'd request guys, can you put in the comments down below, at times stamp, and what each location is if you know the location. Yeah. Because I'm sure there are many that just look so stunning but we haven't seen yet. And I spotted grapes. And you would think what? They have grapes in the Philippines. And I think they have it in Laonion. Yeah. Wow. So beautiful. I mean, mix me, mix me once again. The Philippines has been affected by the pandemic of course, like everywhere else. And it's just beautiful to see, you know, there's still, when I watch this video, there's so much to discover. There's two reasons why this video really makes me emotional. The one is just before this pandemic happened. I think we both and all travel vloggers here in the Philippines for that sense were really proud because the Philippines were really, you know, it was on a very international level. People were seeing the Philippines and we were getting so many messages that people were in travel to the Philippines. And then the pandemic just struck and like that wave just got broken off. And at the same time for us, you know, when you build up your life around traveling and it gets taken away from you, it's kind of rough. Same that well away that a lot of people were hit much harder than we were. But still, you know, it's kind of tough. This was a beautiful video. Yeah, absolutely stunning. I mean, beautiful destinations makes a lot of stunning videos and that's like high level cinematography. We'll put the link of the original video in the description box down below as always. And well, I'm also eager to travel again, guys. So much beauty in the country. And I received a message yesterday from somebody saying, you made me appreciate our country even more. I don't even want to travel internationally. I want to discover my own country, which makes me super, super proud. And yeah, I'm just happy to share our travel experiences on the main channel making Patmla but your power bread here. Yes, a lot of awesome plans on our main channel. If you don't know us, we kind of planning on flying through the Philippines with our own aircraft. I'm starting my pilot's license very soon here in the Philippines so there's a lot of adventures coming after that. And we have a ton of content. If you've been missing travel, there's a lot of videos that you can watch over on our main channel of traveling. We have a ton of playlists that put the content in a very structured way for you guys to enjoy. Okay, I think we had a nice sneak peek of the Philippines back again at it. And don't forget to subscribe, guys. We have lots of videos coming. Yes. Stay up loads. And let's stay strong. We almost feel it. We almost feel it's pandemic, guys. We are almost through it. Let's stay strong and safe, guys. I will see you guys next time on WhatsApp Philippines. Bye-bye. It feels good to do that again. Stop copying my mobile. I'm copying you. Not original.