 Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Kids, don't do this. Oh! Oh! Shame she's crying! Oh my god my cheeks hurt, I need a brain. Hello guys, we missed you. What's up, 70s! Welcome to another reaction video with Mike. And Ellie. We are two travel food and lifestyle vloggers based in Manette. We've been living here for a year. We've been traveling through the Philippines for the past three years and have experienced a ton of adventures during that time. If you want to check out our main channel making it happen vlog, it's linked right here. Mary what are we reacting to today? Today we are reacting to a tongue prank from Alex Gonzaga. Gonzaga. I felt like something fun today. So I thought why not react to this one? Sounds funny. Let's see what it is about. That is very interesting being that I picked the video. But we have a few videos to react to. So today I felt like reacting to something funny. Oh my god. She thumbs up if you think she's this cute side here. No. She's cute. I'll talk to you about Alex Gonzaga. No, I just thought she's cute. Alright, let's jump into this video. Warning. Watch at your own risk. This vlog is for entertaining. Oh I love that. Say we can hear. Come here, I'll show you something. Say we can hear. That was the potato sound. I don't need the order. That's the house. That was the potato sound. Maybe they can be. They can be. They're not doing anything. What is that? Oh. Oh. Oh. That's a candy bar. That's a good cute thing for a second. That's fine. Very, very cute intro. It's a lot of fun to watch it with kids, especially because they know. They know that you're pranking them. But grown-ups. I'm very, very curious to see how curious. How grown-ups reacted. Hello, Netizen. Welcome to my vlog again. And I'm here with you. So I'm here to tell you. Anyway, I'm here with my friend. And I'm here to introduce you to her. So, her friend. She's here. She's here with her friends. She's a girl or a girl. So make sure that she's an audience participation. It's parental guidance because fake it all. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Anyway, I'm here with my friends. And I'm so happy. I'm here with my friends because Nonsense is everything. So, we're going to ask her what she's going to do because this is fake. Fake it. It's a fun fun. Okay, you're going to get it. Okay, let's go. She's the laughing sound effect. I love that she's mentioning many, many, many times that this is a fake tongue. It's not something that you should do at home with your real tongue. Kids, don't do this. I'm gonna give it a try after. Let's talk. I just wanna call you gold. Yeah, that's nice. I'll call my heart head in. You found interesting keyhole! Hi! They have to accept my feelings haha Ok. Is Karini looking at me? My like has a ghost guy Zumang answer is this Catch me then Now you go Then what are you going to pick? You are better done Hey you come with me Really? You don't have enough time Hey you can approach me What do you get minus I make you smile So crazy Hi YOU I atheist cannot help you anymore. I do not care. I just that play to you like, you can path and enter a dream through 1400. Cheers fuckee! Cheer for節保 rationale Beges is like authentic techniques to Korea I think the bomb got a little bit angry right? Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. So here is the big thing that we are going to do. I.C. Sophie. I'm going to get it. So. Sophie. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. You don't have to take the picture. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. What's wrong? Oh. What's wrong? Why are you crying? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Uh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. What's wrong? I'm crying. Oh. Oh. It's a big thing. What's wrong with you? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'm very close to laughing tears wow oh my god so much fun oh my god oh my god you're so cute oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh bless her oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god soooosh that's so mean that's so mean sooo obvious oh my god sooo hot oh my god sooo hot I don't know what you're doing I don't know Okay, success, we'll leave it to you I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing Oh, crap Okay, it's Anna Oh, my God That prank went wrong Don't you dare do that prank on me I already know, so if he tries Anybody wants me to prank Nelly, please let us know in the comments down below No, my aunt loves to prank me all the time Oh, that's fun Yeah, but a prank Nelly off camera Off camera because it's very spontaneous And we never catch it on camera, so He's like this little boy who loves to tease the girl My dad always says I'm a teaser I'm not a fan of him Yeah Oh, Nelly, no Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Nelly, you're sitting here Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, my God Nelly, you're sitting here Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit I'm not a fan of you I'm not a fan of you Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, my God I'm just gonna rescue you straight away Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit It's so funny It's so funny when a prank works out How humans try to comprehend Tell the story Even though everybody that was there What is there now? And you kind of like repeat the whole thing He sounds like my dad My dad will tell the story in a stay where you get really excited And the more excited my dad gets The louder he gets And all of a sudden it's just him screaming And trying to explain It's such a funny thing about humans Also like when somebody trips Everybody that trips has to turn around And look at what the trip though It's like this Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit Oh, shit He knew you was in Oh You're like, I love you You're like, I love you You're like, I love you You're like, I love you You're like, I love you You're like, I love you You're like, I love you Oh, so much fun Oh my god, so funny We're gonna check out some other like videos of her She has other prank videos or just the channel in general Yeah, I love it Oh, we're gonna get so much fun Oh You have mission accomplished I was loving a lot Wow, oh my god, my cheeks hurt I need a break Alright guys, if you enjoyed this video Be sure to give it a thumbs up If you enjoyed watching Nellie and I are making videos And also head over to our main channel Making it happen Blog check out a lot of our videos If you're missing traveling Then we have a lot of travel videos on our channel To kind of like Scratch that travel edge That everybody might have right now Also head on over to Instagram Nellie's like underline Underline and making it happen Blog give us a follow Support us And Head over to Nellie's live YouTube channel To see more of Nellie Alright guys, see you next time on WhatsApp Philippines Bye-bye Bye-bye