 Hi Mahakita! Hello! Do you see me? Hello! So we know that Filipinos are amazing singers, but apparently mommy, they are also respectful. So you guys suggested this, Michelle sent me this awesome video and it's just titled I Love How Respectful Filipino Culture is. So we're gonna, I guess, learn about some Filipino culture culture right now because that's exciting, right? Yes, they're very helpful, we learn loving people. And a special shout out to our Patreon of the day, Nicole, Mahakita, Nicole, thanks so much for subscribing to Patreon where I post beauty, cooking, tips there about being American and it's just, it's great. I love my Patreons, you guys rock and we're just gonna jump right into this, right mom? Yes, yes, and thank you guys for sharing this video and giving it a thumbs up and subscribing for more content just like this one, that's how I really support myself, mom. I know this isn't singing, look she's looking tired already, get up, wake up mommy, don't fall, she's like oh this isn't a song, I can fall asleep during it. No, I was just looking at this young man here. Okay, I thought you were wishing that it was amazing. No, it was just my eye, my eye level is, I gotta look. Did you know the Philippines takes respect for their elders very seriously? The other day I saw a line at Burger King specifically for senior citizens. Wow. At a Burger King, you would never see that in America, especially at a fast food burger restaurant. It struck me like a light bulb. If you listen closely around the streets of Manila or the Philippines, you'll hear words like Paul, Aude and Kuyah. These words are meant for respect purposes. Paul is basically Mr and Mrs. Kuyah is used for when you're talking to an older male and Aude is used for when you're talking to an older female. In English, we have no words for this. I don't call my sister Rachel, Aute Rachel or Mrs. Rachel. I call her Rachel. Even further, it's common for grandchildren to ask for the hand of their grandparents when they walk into the house for them to place that hand on their forehead as a sign of respect. It's from the Anapal and I actually made a video about this a couple months ago and it did quite well on Facebook. My point is that the Philippines takes respect for their elders very seriously and I think that's a pretty cool aspect of their country. But I actually wondered why do they take this seriously? Well, it's culture. It's deeply rooted in Filipino culture to take care of your elders, to take care of your parents. And I also think that it has something to do with how family oriented the Philippines is as well. It's somewhat common in America to put your parents in an old age home when they get older. But here it's common for the parents to come and live with the children when they get older. They care more about the family. They have that Uttang Nalau which is basically translated to a dead of gratitude. While in America we might forget what our parents did for us. They did not forget what their parents did for them here in the Philippines. And this term, this Uttang Nalau, it runs deep. It's not just I'm going to pay you back later or it's not just like a debt that you have. This is like a togetherness. This is like you're sort of bound to someone's soul. You know, this isn't just like a, oh, you know, I'll get you later. I'll pay you back five bucks. No, this is a deeper togetherness that runs as deep as anything in life. Carrying is sort of like a huge Filipino trade if you think about it. And I know Americans care too, but it doesn't run that deep. You know, it tends to not run that deep. I had someone travel four hours. Someone who didn't know me. He traveled four hours to come and see me at a meetup the other day. I've had people who just met me, you know, throw out the table for me and place tons and tons of food on the table in front of me. Five seconds after shaking my hand. This is a country that cares, actually cares. And that's one of the big reasons why I've continued to stay here. The fact that I want to stay here for longer. What do you think about this? Do you think that showing too much respect can go too far? Did you learn something new? Did you like it? Please let me know in the comments section below. Thank you all so much for watching. Tom out. As usual. Bye bye. What do you see photographer? He's like a YouTuber. He has like his YouTube stuff right there. Interesting guy. I'm going to subscribe to him. Finding Tom. Very cool guy. Definitely. Very very cool guy. And wow, I don't know. I'm very shocked right now because I had no idea that they had a senior's only line at Jolly Bee in the Philippines. Yeah. Why can't they do that here? Yeah, my mom would like that. Let's uh, let's get that to suggestion by. Yeah. Let's tell our president. Look, we know there's a lot going on right now, but we need a senior's only only line in our fast food restaurants. Please McDonald's Jolly Bee Burger King, you know, the deal. Somewhere that you can get faster Big Mac service. But I think I respect you, right? I've been here this whole time. I think I'm good. Yeah. Yeah, no. You're unique. I'm very unique. You know, a lot of people are not like that. A lot of my friends are like, well, your parents have each other. So that's what they said to me. That's what they said. They're like, your parents have each other. They don't need to go there and stay with them during this pandemic. We did. We needed it. Yeah. Yeah. So I stayed with my parents because we've been so busy that we don't have time to think of our whole change of life. It's a change. It's definitely a change. Guys, are you with your family during this pandemic? What did you decide to do? I've been talking to a lot of my friends. Some of them went back home. A lot of them stayed by themselves alone. And I just, I just wonder. I'm like, why would you do that? That I don't understand it. I don't have anyone could do that. It's hard. And I have other friends who call me and they're just losing their mind. So just they sound like they're going crazy every single day. And I'm just like, well, I'm sorry. They're like, oh, come back to a land. I'm like, well, I'm with my parents. So. So yeah, I think I'm very happy about that. I'm respectful like that. I could never put you in an old age home, Mommy. No. Lauren was always like that. You always got along better with her grandparents than her cousins. Her great-grandparents. My great-grandparents. Because I'm an old, someone told me it's because I'm an old soul. That's why. Because I'm a very old soul. So I'm probably technically older than you, Mommy. Yeah. How do you feel about that? Is she saying now you're... Well, we... I mean, no, we... She's like, no, my soul is older. We learn... We learn from our children. I never really understood that until, you know, I got older. Really? What did you learn from me? Oh, I learned a lot from you. Really? Yeah. That's the first time you never learned anything from me. Yeah. What did you learn? Your phone? Technology. No, I've learned all about... Yeah, I mean, that's a big thing, technically. We were now into the 21st century or whatever century we were in now with our phones. And I probably... I didn't even want a phone. Yeah. Everybody was saying, you're the only one just in the phone. I don't need a phone. I want a phone. And she bought me a phone. She bought me a night pad. She got me an Alexa. She got me a robot vacuum cleaner. But anyway, that's the material things. What I learned from Lauren a lot is that she's a very caring person. And I mean, she wouldn't even kill an aunt. Got something. He killed a mafia. She said she saves the world. All right, Lauren saves all of them. Thank you. You're just making me look good. We got to talk about how we're different than the women in the Philippines. I guess maybe I said I'm 2% Filipino in my answer. I'm a sister DNA thing. Oh, it says because yeah. Because I wish I had the singing gene. Geez. Really? You have a great voice. I know. We just have to work on it. We have to work on it. No, you always good singing. But I really do want to go to the Philippines. And I really loved his video. I can't believe so he... It looks like this guy, this Tom guy, moved to the Philippines and is making videos here. That's amazing. I wonder how is it there guys? Are you guys safe yet? What's going on? We're slowly starting to open things back up. But it's really weird because in New York where we are right now, they keep changing like the things. And honestly, thank God that a lot of your family members aren't in those nursing homes. Because that's where a lot of people here got sick. So it's just yeah. I know. I was helping my mom clean out the closets. And I guess they saved all these papers for different nursing homes. Like they had a folder of like their preferred nursing homes. I was like, we're throwing this away. You're not going to go move in a nursing home. I thought that was the craziest thing. But maybe that's a American thing. Does that is an American thing guys? Let me know in the comments below. But yeah, no, I wouldn't... You got to move to California, okay? You move to Kessie. That said they said you have to move in. Yeah. So we got to just... A beautiful home in California. Everyone always asks, aren't you too old to be living with your parents? And I don't think you're... I don't think that's true. I think family is a good thing, right? Yeah, my grandmother lived with us a long time and she had three sons. And so what she did, as she got older, was she would spend three months with my dad and with us. And then go to the other son. Spend three months and it was really nice. Yeah. All right guys, I love you guys, Mahakita. Thank you for supporting me and watching this video. It's my favorite thing, all that stuff. And enjoying these videos with me and my mom. It has been very fun. It has been fun. I'm still here in New York, so we're still making videos. All right guys, let me know in the comments below. If there's anything else you want us to react to, bye.