 I fell unsafe and... What? I'm going to the country. What? She wanted to leave the country. Wait, they just moved to the Philippines without being there. We could not find decent food. We were vegan at the time. In every single dish there is meat. You went to the supermarket. The lines were forever and everything was done manually. This is something that I found very annoying as well, especially living in Manila. I'm really like people actually wants to help. It's like genuinely wants to help. What is happening here? You know, you're not used to that friendliness and Filipino people are just next level. What's up, Philippines? Welcome back to another reaction video with your host Nelly. Hello. Nice to meet you again. As you guys know, I've been living in the Philippines for three and a half years. I'm very familiar with the culture and I do these reaction videos of the Philippines. To just see, to learn, to smile, to have a good time with you guys as well. Today I am actually reacting to a video of two foreigners visiting the Philippines. And the title of the video is, Faras' first opinions about the Philippines. I'm very much looking forward to that one. I will share my first reaction that I heard when I came to the Philippines. But I'm very curious to see how these two are not familiar with them yet. But how these two react to the first time doing the Philippines. It's being exposed to a whole different culture, environment, landscape, all of the things, foods. So I would say let's just jump straight into it. Shall we? A little bit scared as well to be honest. I fell unsafe and... What? When we first arrived, She wanted to leave the country. To be happy about it, specifically said that this would not be a country where we settle down it. We couldn't just understand how anything worked. Welcome to another day in... Paradise! Yes! We're paradise, we're in Shagawa. What are we doing babe? We got some questions. Okay, very dramatic beginning. I must say I'm just so intrigued to see why. What happened to them? We got some questions a few weeks ago. A lot of people asked what we think of the Philippines. So we think this episode is going to be a story about that. Why did we actually move to the Philippines? And our likes. And also a few dislikes about living in the Philippines. To be able to do this, I think we need some coffee, we need some snacks. So let's head over and get some pandas up. Yeah. Let's go. Wait, did you just talk to the Philippines without being there? Like... Alright. Interesting. At least I assume it's the first reaction, right? First opinion. Mmm, pandas are... Parabau. Yes, the right thing. It's how we get... We're going to talk about what we love about the Philippines. Why not talk about it at our most beloved place within the Philippines? Right there. And we have a few things. We're going to plant this little one. And we're going to show you what we did last time. Yeah, and we're kind of failing with that thing last time. So that's what we need this one. Yeah. And we didn't upload a video last week because I've been a little bit sick. Nothing serious for polyanders. Yeah. What do you say? What? Nothing to see, right? Yeah, nothing to see. It was just a small cold, but I was coughing and it was not very nice to film that. So, now I'm better and we have a lot of things to do. Even though I'm just in love with Philippines right now, when we first arrived, I wasn't actually too happy about it. I specifically said that this would not be a country where we settle down it. And I would love it. But we arrived in March 2020. So right when the lockdowns were happening. Okay, I see. And so I think the big piece, the number one, is we could not find decent food. We were vegan at the time. And trying to find vegan food in Sebo City, us a total no-biz and having no idea where to go, impossible. Okay, first of all, yeah, it's probably not the best country to travel to if you're vegan because if you're job-soy, that should actually just be vegetables comes usually with pork or chicken or bacon. I don't know what. But it's like in every single dish there is meat or some kind of like animal produce. Now it explains why they love the Philippines. Oh my god, yeah, it is challenging for vegans to find some options, especially in a country where pork is the main meat source or the main. It's in every dish. It's like in Bosnia, if you don't eat meat. I mean, it's even a meal. We as couldn't find any decent food at all. What we're fiddling today, what is this entrance? This is the entrance to the property. You got that stretching out with a fence on both sides. And then where you enter, the idea is to have these massive plants coming up. And only the tiny stretch so far, we really like the combination of these banana trees. And I'm not sure what they're called actually, but we call these guys... Elephant ears. Yeah. Which I think is really, really cool. They're all kind of dying at us after we replanted them. So hopefully with today's little pruning, they can do better. What? Probably their property, I guess. Coffee? It's coffee time already. This is a coffee go actually. So, three. Real coffee. Filipino coffee. Yeah. True. I think actually people are curious about why we didn't like the Philippines in the beginning. Yeah, I'm curious. Okay, so food was one thing, right? We couldn't find any decent vegan food for the time being the longer vegans. I think a lot of people. Also, we couldn't just understand how anything worked. Nothing made any sense. You went to the supermarket. Like the lines were forever and everything was done manually. And we couldn't find one more thing. Oh my God. One thing that I'm thinking, oh, it's not why we didn't like the Philippines, but one thing that's different. Okay, I wouldn't say that's not a reason not to like the Philippines, especially when I came to Southeast Asia for the very first time. I realized that a lot of things are different from the Western world, of course. And, yeah, especially things that going to the supermarket can take some time and the nerves. Yeah, but what I love is that people are just very chill about it. Nobody is stressing out in Austria, for example, where I'm from. People would get mad and subscribe and can't somebody come to the cashiers desk? And people should start pushing the car to the boat. And it would just be like this hostile environment. So I don't really like going to supermarkets, grocery shopping. I like to have my groceries delivered just mainly because of the reason that I know that it takes a lot of time to just go there and get my groceries done. When we went to the store in the Philippines the first time, and there is a queue to the cashier. And sometimes they were no queue. People were just standing in a line, they just stood like wherever. And they felt like people tried to... Not the British way, lady. Yeah, cut in line and go first. And in Sweden, that's really rude. We are really strict with our queues and lines. You have to stay in the queue. Of course, it happens that people do it as well, but everyone will be super mad at that person. So that was something that we thought it was a little bit annoying. I also think about going to the market. We are used to going to the supermarket and you find everything. You find everything from veggies, fruit, to rice, to pasta, to meat, like whatever you want to have. Here, which we like now, you have to go to the market to find fish. You have to go to the market, to the veggie market, to find veggies. We have to go to one store, to buy whatever you know. As I said, we used to go to one place and here you have to go to 10 places. You know, normal shopping, which was a little bit annoying in the beginning. And to be fair, it was COVID times. The supply chains were having problems. We came from Australia and they were running on toilet paper. So everyone was having problems at the time, but it was such a big difference from what we were used. Okay, so I do have to admit, this is something that I found very annoying as well, especially like living in Manila. I had to go to several department stores to decorate my condo, for example, or just simply get a few things, especially when you have a province or on islands as well. You know, there is a fish market for fish. Then you go to the meat shop for meat. Then you go to the veggie market. Then you go to the sorry, sorry store for you know, some herbs and spices and whatever, what not. It's very, very different, especially my first market experience was just wow. Like so many impressions, so many smells that I was not used to because in Austria, the supermarket is just like, there is no smell, right? Yeah, but it's, I mean, I love it now. I love going to markets if you follow me on Instagram. You will see me wherever I travel, just go through the markets. I love it. And the also thing, you have to be fair, like we have to count in COVID in all this because everything was not like, it used to be. Yeah. It was like insect on my arm. There was a passion shot, right? We were talking about tourists being like trapped in pig boxes and like really extreme measures in the beginning of COVID. I'm not sure if that was rumors, if that actually happened. Yeah, hopefully it was only rumors, but that made us a little bit scared as well to be honest. I felt unsafe and that I wanted to leave the country. We have been here for two years now and I feel super safe like wherever we go. Yeah, same. I can relate. So yeah, COVID time of course was the beginning, especially was very intense I think for all of us. So I can't really consider that as a normal experience. The world times where I thought to myself, I just want to kind of like, leave. But with leaving, I meant leaving Shoggo Island where I was stranded to go back home to vanilla. I didn't want to leave the country. It was just like the military was driving up and down and they go home at 7pm. We were not allowed to go to the beach. You know, it was just like very very strict, especially as far as I used to stand out. So we had to comply with all the rules. And I put a lot of pressure on the mental health as well, but we're all over it. We're here, back smiling, so all is good. That's how it looks like. It looks tiny right next to this benedictory, but hopefully it will grow into a very nice viscous eventually. And be part of our entrance. The whole point is for this to be a jungle. Every time we come home, we're met by this big round circle and entering into a jungle. So looking forward to that. Okay, let's go upstairs. We got some property signs to cut up. I must say one of the things I really love about Philippines is the nature here. Yes. Even though everything grows so quickly compared to back home, the kind of tropical climate. Right now that's also a bit of a hindrance. Our stairs and land is just continuously overgrowing. And we can't really be bothered to do anything about it. It's just... It's very lush and green. So nice. I love it. Fix the stairs. Or do you want to fix the private property signs? The stairs, because I've slept before. Okay, let's do the stairs. Alright, it's a new fresh day here. We didn't have too much to share out on the land last time. So figure we continue this vlog today. We're at Homey Taste in Shagal. Oh, Homey Taste in Shagal. Oh, Homey Taste in Shagal. Let's go to the food and replace the egg. Vegan options. How are we doing, babe? Oh, can I have a time in Shagal? Okay, I was like, what then? How are we? That is like, whole different area. That's why I was like, what are you on this day, me? Pretty good. I'm going to win. I'm not too sure about that. Look at this move then. Boom. Okay, playing games. Alright, back to the topic at hand. I've got to say that the people in the Philippines are just the most smiling behind people that I haven't met during my travels. Right from the get-go, when I came here during COVID, there was a lot of restrictions. But yet the individual people are always super family to us. Yeah. Really proud to help us out in any way they could. What do you say? Yeah, and as I said, when my mom was here, which she was like falling, people always tried to help. And that's what we're going to be feeling all the time. Relic people actually wants to help. Like genuinely want to help. It's not a question about money. It's not a question about favors and refares. It's all about just a genuine, like, friendliness. I agree. And I think I said this on this channel already. I remember my first encounter with somebody who wanted to guide me the way. And I'm like, does this guy want to scam us? Does he want money? And I literally just refused to receive any help. Because I'm like, no, no, no. You know, as a tourist coming to a Southeast Asian country, like, oh, is this person going to, like, I don't know, what is happening here? No, you're not used to that friendliness. And I must say, although having that first entry to Southeast Asia through Thailand, I thought that Thai people are very, very friendly. But I do have to say Filipino people are just next level. They invited to their home. Although they just saw you on the street, they would drink beer with you, cook for you. Very great posts. I'll put you out wherever they can. Always have a smile on their face, even like during craziest traffic on the outside in Manila, you will not see any sort of road rage. You know, they would just kind of look to the right, look to the left, and if people make eye contact with you, they're just smiling. And that's what I love on a day-to-day basis about the life in the Philippines. I love that. Yes? Yes. Thank you. Yeah. And I think this is also how we're solving for the not-pining good food in the Philippines. We find the right places. This is a great vegan place in Shagana. Oh, that's plenty in Shagana. And we always love the food here. And this time it's Tempura Tufo and Tufo Chinese style. Very again. Yeah, that dog wants a bite. Is there some for me, please? Yes. Aww. That was homemade taste. So let's get a little bit of it down to the beach. Oh, I miss Shagana Beach. So nice. No, I... That's sniffing. What do you love about the Philippines, babe? The beach. The beach. The Philippines was actually not nominated. What do you say? Yeah, the one on the award, yeah. It's like the best beach destination in the world. Yeah. That's pretty cool. And we're living here. Yeah. So we had to rush home because it started to rain. It really feels like we are in the rainy season right now. It just started here on Shagana. I know it's a bit different from the rest of the Philippines, from London, Laos, whatever. But it started to rain, so we head back home and... No, it's on it. No, it's on it again. But that's how it rains. Rainy season is here, right? It's raining a little bit and the sun is raining a little bit. It's back and forth. Yeah. Anyway, I think that's it for this vlog. If you liked it, there's always do help us down by clicking the subscribe button. Definitely give them a follow. I will link them down below. Seems to be a very lovely couple. I hope they will connect with eight miles from home, my friends in Shagana. And maybe I'll see them on my next trip to Shagana in March. Who knows? So... There was it for today guys. Let me know what you think. If those things that they mentioned is something they do you can relate to. I definitely could relate to it. Yeah, maybe I should do a video on my channel Nelly's life about my first impressions that I had versus how I feel about the Philippines now. So... That is a great video idea, Nelly. It's not thinking here. I'll see you guys next time here on... What's up, Philippines? Bye-bye.