 Throughout history, foreigners have mistreated the Philippines and its people for a long time. Even today, Filipinos working abroad, especially in the Middle East, often face mistreatment. What's even more distressing is that within their own country, Filipinos experience abuse. This video acts as a warning to foreign bloggers thinking of making poverty porn content, and serves as a wake-up call to Filipino viewers who watch such content. If you truly care about Filipinos and the Philippines, pay close attention. You have the choice to either contribute to the improvement of this country or contribute to its gradual decline. Put your ego aside for the remainder of this video. Focus on the content of this video carefully. You can join the conversation in the comments in a meaningful manner. However, if you let your ego control your comments, I'll hide your username on my channel. Even though the Philippines and its people were deprived of benefiting from their abundant resources, some Filipinos still express appreciation towards America. This suggests that they are happy about the Philippines being colonized by America. Think about how much influence and manipulation it takes for someone to say that. This is exactly why poverty exploitation continues in the Philippines. And it's why bloggers keep taking advantage of poor Filipinos. Imagine this. The Filipino audience watching poverty exploitation, often more privileged than the poor Filipinos being exploited. Actually, feels thankful to those foreign bloggers or even local employers exploiting their fellow Filipinos, especially the less-functioning ones. How do you think the poor Filipinos would feel? Naturally, they would feel grateful. This is linked to poverty porn because of how Filipinos have been taught over a long time to be thankful for what their colonizers gave them. It's the same idea with foreign bloggers exploiting poor Filipinos. Instead of realizing it's been taken advantage of. There is a feeling of being grateful for it. It's a complicated situation where the history of influence and conditioning has made people accept or even appreciate being exploited. Aside from historical factors, the following of the main reasons why poverty porn has become popular in the Philippines. 1. Empathic Filipino Culture The Filipino culture is communal, meaning people like to help each other. When Filipinos witness their fellow countrymen suffering, they feel pity. Also, some of them might likely have had difficult childhoods. That's why it's easy for them to relate to the imparge Filipinos. Foreign bloggers take advantage of the situation and exploit the empathy and shared experiences among Filipinos. If you take a closer look at the followers of foreign bloggers, or even local vloggers, engaged in poverty porn, you'll observe that many of them are either overseas Filipinos or Filipinos in blue-collar jobs. Filipinos who have similar experiences to those facing poverty are more likely to watch poverty porn content. The second reason is denialism. Denialism in simple terms means refusing to accept or believe something despite evidence or facts that supported. The Filipino viewers of poverty porn are inclined to deny its existence. Why? Because watching it provides a sense of satisfaction. Whether it's feeling sorry for someone or being happy for them. These emotions make them feel better. Similar to addiction, addiction of any kind, when someone gets hooked on poverty porn, it becomes harder to let go. Because it continues to provide that comforting feeling. Like drug addiction, admitting that poverty porn is harmful becomes challenging. Why? Because it provides comfort to those audiences who watch poverty porn. Instead of admitting the truth, they make up excuses to justify how poverty porn is a good thing. This is like drug addicts who instead of recognizing the harmful effects of drugs come up with excuses to justify how drugs are a good thing. The third reason is crab mentality. Crab mentality is defined as someone's tendency to pull down people around them, who they consider are better than them in any aspect. People with crab mentality often think that if they can have it, then other people can have it too. That's why they pull other people down. How does this definition fit into poverty porn? When Filipinos who are aware of poverty porn and its impact begin to speak up, the Filipino audience that watch his poverty porn tends to mock or make fun of them. In simple terms, instead of accepting the truth, they put these individuals down. Because admitting that they were lied to and deceived is hard. Rather than facing this reality alone, they choose to shame fellow Filipinos who speak up. What is poverty porn? I'm a lourished Filipino child with begging eyes, a dirt covered face with palms outstretched. Perhaps a YouTuber comes on screen and says, look at this poor Filipino child. Bearing guilty, you don't skip ads and perhaps donate, you feel good. You're a good person who did a good thing. You don't think about that child again, never wondering about their story, the circumstances that lead to such poverty. Or whether they consented to have a camera show their fragile, perhaps naked body. Life goes on, that is, until the next poverty porn video. Poverty porn is any media that exploits poor conditions. It works. Because we want to feel good about ourselves. Poverty porn empowers the wrong person. It empowers the savior, not those receiving the donations or the victims as we see them. It also perpetuates stereotypes about the Philippines. For instance, YouTubers often portray poor Filipinos. It misrepresents this entire country as poor. Even though the Philippines is far from poor, as I mentioned numerous times in my previous videos. People see these videos of poor Filipinos and accept the stereotype that the Philippines is a poor country. You may not be aware, but poverty porn content plays a part in creating some of the stereotypes that the Philippines often faces. Especially the stereotype that the Philippines is a poor country. Poverty porn simplifies the causes of poverty in the Philippines. For example, when a YouTuber interviews a poor Filipino who attributes their poverty to drug addiction, viewers from other countries might wrongly assume that drug addiction is a widespread issue in the Philippines. When in reality it's not. But because of the video they watch, they assume that yes, drug addiction is a huge problem in the Philippines. Poverty porn content strips away the dignity of poor Filipinos. It's important to note that Filipinos as a whole tend to be passive. They might not openly express their feelings and usually keep them inside. So foreign YouTubers could wrongly believe that impoverished Filipinos have no issue with having their faces shared all over social media. But in reality they may feel hurt deep down. So why do YouTubers create poverty porn content? It's pretty straightforward. YouTubers make poverty porn content to get views and fame. And they should not be entirely blame because they're just doing what gets attention. Poverty porn works. So that's exactly what they're going for. If you're not sure why poverty porn is bad, think about this. How would you feel if someone did it to you? Imagine a YouTuber comes to you and offers, say, 10,000 pesos. To put your face all over social media. Now, picture your classmates and family watching that video. How would it affect them and you? Can you imagine the embarrassment they might feel? As I mentioned earlier, some Filipinos are quiet about their feelings. They internalize their feelings. They don't express them. Even if they feel hurt inside, they usually keep it to themselves. Now, it's worth responding to apologists of poverty porn content. They make some claims and so I'm going to challenge them. They usually make the following claims to justify why poverty porn is a good thing. One, they say that poverty porn content creators help the poor. Now, if you think about it, this is an absurd statement. Because if their goal was genuinely to assist the poor, they would do so privately without exploiting someone else's suffering or be used in pain. Assistance or health involves doing positive things or others without expecting anything in return, without expecting any personal gain. But this doesn't apply to the so-called charity vloggers. The term help is often misused by defenders of poverty porn content who attempt to justify its merits, meaning they want to defend poverty porn at all costs. Why? Because it makes them feel better. So, they come up with excuses. They use positive words like health, charity, assistance and so on. Their motivation is not generally for the benefit of an individual penis, but rather for their own satisfaction. Because again, watching poverty porn content makes them feel better, as much as it makes you feel better to use the word help, it's not appropriate. The word exploit is more appropriate. Did you know that real charity groups highly share their charitable acts? They never publish the act of them helping poor people, because they genuinely want to help the less fortunate and truly understand their struggles. Number two, YouTubers need to make money. Another claim that poverty porn apologists make is that YouTubers need to make money to give money. Think about how absurd this argument is. They admit that YouTubers share poverty porn to make money, indicating that their main aim is profit. And then, they back those who exploit poor Filipinos, because they find it challenging to admit that poverty porn is damaging. It's like saying, it's okay for drug dealers to sell drugs, just because they need to make money. While we all need to make money to survive in this system, is it necessary to exploit other human beings for our own benefit? Number three, charity organizations do it too. Charity organizations, as the name suggests, depend on donations from big companies to do quote unquote good things. Right from the beginning, their main goal is to help poor people. I like many YouTubers who make poverty videos, charity organizations like Mr. Beast and Raffi Tolpo don't go out actively seeking poor people just to film and get views. Their goal is to collect donations to assist more people, and every penny goes to charitable clauses. Their plan for their business was clear on the start. This is very different from most YouTubers who make poverty porn videos. Their first plan wasn't to do good things but to make money. They only started helping poor people when they realized that making poverty porn videos was successful. Number four, it's a win-win situation. They argue that both the ones exploiting and those being exploited gain something from poverty porn. For the exploiters, it's a victory because their videos keep making money for many years to come. As for the impartish Filipinos who are exploited, they receive a thousand pesos but in the process, they lose their dignity. And again, because Filipinos internalize their emotions, they don't express them. It would be difficult for you to understand or to know if your actions hurt them. Aside from losing their dignity, they are more likely to face social exclusion, especially if their family members in the province are unaware of their situation. When apologists make the claim that it's a win-win situation, it's like saying that the American and Spanish takeover of the Philippines was good because even though the Philippines was mistreated, Filipinos became more like Americans, took Spanish names and became Christians. This way of thinking ignores the four centuries of suffering in the Philippines. Similarly, if you keep defending poverty porn, the more you overlook the issue of poverty in the Philippines, the more you ignore it. So, it's a decision. It's a decision. I know that it's a decision that you should do, but... poverty porn. It's doing more harm. Power-Tip porn works. The reason why poverty porn is a mistake, if you're a kid, followers, subscribers, who are you to support? The reason why poverty is a mistake, poverty is a mistake or poverty. You feel better about yourself. You feel better about yourself. You feel better about yourself. Here is the list of the foreign vloggers who create poverty porn content. One or in hand. Two and we're Syrian. Three or in germs. Four or in an in-earth. What do poverty porn content creators have in common? One, adding sad music in the background to elicit sympathy from the reviewers. And of course, to hope that the world will be a part of the world's most important background to elicit sympathy from the reviewers. And of course, to hope that long enough to continue watching. Two, using strong feelings like sadness in things like music, pictures, and stories is common. They do this to make people feel very emotional. Number three, invasion of privacy. Some creators don't pay attention to the privacy and dignity of the people they show in poverty. They might invade personal moments or use vulnerable situations for their own benefit. I don't blame them entirely for making poverty porn. Because again, they're just doing what helps their business. They're essentially a businessman. If it brings in viewers, that's what they aim for. As for the Filipino audience, I don't blame them much either, since they might not know any better. But if you keep watching, after learning, how poverty porn affects poor Filipinos, then you are part of the problem. If you defend poverty porn, you're also playing a role in exploiting your fellow Filipinos. And it's not just about exploitation, you're also contributing to the gradual decline of the country. Why? Because poverty porn does not address the root cause of poverty in the Philippines. And the stereotypes about the Philippines will continue. And for foreigners who aspire to create poverty porn content, we hope this video helps to understand why poverty porn is harmful. And hopefully, they vary from creating poverty porn content.