 Asya ako dada, inlay. Until I met you. Wooo! Stop it! Comestat, I'm Ryan! I'm Zil, yaw. We back with another react video, right? Today we have for you... I hope I will say this right, right? Quintong, jolly me Valentine's Series 2019 Choice. Yes, sorry! So we get ready to watch something about some chicken. Some chicken. Some chicken jordan. Some chicken dinners. Some joy chicken dinners. Yeah. Alright, three things that we love for you to do before we get to this reaction. Number one, we want you to hit that like button. Number two, we definitely want you to hit that subscribe button. And then number three. Second number three. Number three. Number three. We want you to hit that bell notification. And also follow us on our Instagram and reddit.com. Soon down here you can me sign Instagram. Alright, let's go. Spire, that's you still, man. Congratulations. Congratulations. The last thing we've ever seen is the least. All of these years, he's always been there for me. What? Hey! Congratulations. Congratulations. He's so good. Oh, he came by chicken. He's so good. He's so good. He's so good. But the priority is to make me happy. Thanks for the help. I think I've heard her. Sure. But stay calm. That's how you know that woman is like anything for you. You're not what it is. Now when they get food for you, that's how you're like. When they get chicken, when they get chicken, and burgers. Oh yeah. So she didn't have something. I kind of feel sorry for Paul that this moment. Because, yeah, we could stop it. Can you trust me? Oh, no man. Surprise. With Paul, we're making connection, man. You're the one who's the best. God, your favorite. Hey, Gina, man. Somehow, you're the best. I'm just thinking of this. Jay's the one. Because he got it the same. Jay's the one. No, she got that vanity. She got chicken every day. She chicken fried chicken on every day. Yeah. Lord, just let her, our arteries don't be clogged. That's so much right. Jay, look, my God. What a choice. I look like a record. Those days are not with you. Sometimes I need a friend Just to make it through. No, no. And another day spent with you. Paul. I don't know if you're the best. But you're the best. You're the best. Oh, man. Actually, I'm looking at her. Oh, my God. I'm so great. You're the best. I'm? I'm so great. I'm just thinking of you. I'm just thinking of you. Huh? I'm so great. Because I'm so great. Until I met you. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. So, I'm going to be out here doing a full movie. This is like a jolly bee notebook. Love that chicken from trying to be care. I guess you just made that new theme song. Y'all, we're going to jolly bee soon. We are. So be looking after that. There's a location we've discovered with three albums. Right here is going to be happening. So make sure you subscribe. Make sure you watch it. It's going to be dope. Let's keep going. This is beautiful. I eat up. But I think it's time for me to make a choice. I'm working fine. You guys are taking care of me. You okay? Um, Jay. First of all, I want to thank you for what you've done to me. I know what you're doing in my life. You've been, I know he means a lot to you. And I understand what you mean. Oh. He means so much to me. But I don't want to be here in my life. And everything it grows bigger. I'm going to live. And I know to let go of the past. And I know I am putting it right in my heart. I knew this would happen. And I knew the reason, though, the doctors tried everything they did. He's gone. My son is gone. I just was four years ago. I think it's time. You mean you're ready to love again? Ready to love. You gave me all the reasons to live Once I've ran to her again Oh, my love Oh, my love Just have faith in love What? Huh? Wait, don't wait, don't wait, what? Never Never Wow I'm emotional Like, that was kind of like, I got struck when I obviously Paul was having this east Yeah We're kind of just filling us in of what happened going on in the storyline Who we didn't know that Paul was the seaks Yeah Wow, that was tough That was tough Yeah, it would be And see, you know, Jay, you know, he took her to another level because she started doing Some, she said she started to discover herself even more At that time she was singing in front of all those people, you know, Philippines are the same So he took her to the next place The next next place And Paul just gave the hand off And I'm sure Paul will be pleased that Jay is now the love of Sista Girl's life How did that look? This was something, this was something like I could watch a whole jolly be movie Honestly I just want to get some applause to them No really Just to certainly chicken within these Just on the slide On the slide, on the lower, it's certainly chicken It's putting right there on the plate And you know what, chicken is the gateway to Tarell's heart Anytime you want to get to his heart, send him a gift card plus a chicken Spicy chicken I love it that Okay you guys, thank you for watching this video Don't forget to leave suggestions in the comments Make sure you like this video and don't forget to subscribe Also make sure you turn on those posted on the case, ding And also follow us on Instagram and around that deal to eat I'm not going to rub that deal TV. Sumed on yaw, kami science Instagram. I'm supposed to do that. Peace yaw.