How to act around Filipinos when your in the Philippines  Stay tuned…
MUSIC Playing....
Hello my friends, this BobbieD coming to you from Talamban Cebu Philippines.  I'm having an awesome time the Philippines today hope you are as well wherever you are a from.
Hey, Today  I want to talk to you about how to act around Filipinos when your in the Philippines. How to act around Filipinos when your in the Philippines Yahhh!
Now when we talk about the Philippines, You gotta understand that this is a country that, is very very much rooted in cultural traditions
and as such,The filipinos have a set of standards A set of unwritten guidelines that they adhere to when they are out and about
and when they're socializing with their families and friends and so it’s going to help you when you come to the Philippines to understand some of the non written rules in this culture and society so I’ve Got a few for you first of all number one.
When you're in the philippines and You're a foreigner .be careful of your tone of voice yeah.
Be careful of your tone Filipinos do not like loud talking foreigners.
Yeah they don't like them and the thing about it is that filipinos are somewhat loud themselves.
Especially as it related to singing karaoke
FEMALE SINGING KARAOKE LOUD………
I mean but when you're around filipinos and you talk loud,, from a foreigner they think it’s rude.
And they don't want to be around you.  Ok so watch your tone of voice.
Watch your tone of voice watch if your loud or not because it would offend another, it would offend a filipino.
Now one example is LisaD and I were getting our marriage licenses and we were in city hall.This was years ago.,We went into the city hall offices and I politely asked the lady at the counter what are the procedures and she wouldn’t tell me. She kept telling me to sit down.
So I sat down for 15 minutes and I saw people coming and going.
So I asked her again, Mam, can you tell me what the procedures is?
She said sit down sir, I said mam, and I got a little perturbed, hahaha 
I raised my voice I said mam, I’m not sitting down,  I’ve been sitting down for 15 minutes now I want to know the procedures.
Okay she said okay sir I’ll tell you and she told me what I needed to know.
I sat down and waited my turn.  So as soon as I sat down, the guy next to me a Filipino, got up and walked away.
And it was okay with me, and the next thing I know, He was staring back at me looking mean.So I asked LisaD, what’s going on with this guy? He’s eyeballing me for some reason looking mean.
She said, You were loud at the desk. I said what do you mean? She said you raised your voice and Filipinos don’t like loud talking foreigners.
Lesson learned. So first thing, remember watch your tone of voice,
Secondly, when you’re in the Philippines. You have to go not according to Philippine.Standard time, not according to your local time, but you’re going to go according to Filipino Time.
MMMHmm, not Filipino Standard time, but Filipino Time.
Okay? What does that mean? That means that whatever time you’re are told that you will be met by a Filipino, and your supposed to be someplace, a Filipino is supposed to be some place at a particular time, always expect them to be late.
If you expect to be there if you say I want to see you at 5:00 expect that Filipino to be there at 5:30 6 o'clock.
They will always be at least 30 minutes to an hour behind the time that you state.
And they think it's perfectly normal.
So that's called filipino time.
One other thing is this Whenever you’re around the family of a Filipino, do not, and I repeat, do not disrespect the family.
And the way to respect the family is to address them in the proper way they should be addressed.
In America, if you met an older person you would call them by their first name John , Suzie, or whatever the first name is.  But in the Philippines, if you meet and older person,
You don’t call them by their first name that’s rude, that’s impolite.
You would call them, if they are an older man you would call him Kuya, If they’re and older lady you would call her Ate.
Okay, that’s showing respect. Now if they;re a grandmother or grandfather, you would call the grandfather LoLo and you would call the grandmother LoLa.
You don’t call them by their first name they think that’s disrespectful.
One other thing about the Philippines is that they have a deep overriding respect for the elderly and aged people.
Now there’s a third thing.
Whenever you’re in contact with Filipinos and you’re out and about with them.
And you come upon an older person, a senior you should generally do what’s called the blessing.
Okay? And that's when you take that seniors hand just like this…. And you place it on top of your forehead. Bend over and place it on top of your forehead.
That's called the blessing And that is thought that That seniors aged and respectful And wisdom and their passing the blessing of their wisdom, seniority and knowledge
Over to you it called the Blessing, and if you And if you are dealing with a senior you are expected to do that.
You just don't go shake their hand you take their hand and place it on your forehead.  That’s the transfer process. Uhmm, Now it’s also called the Blessing or it can be called mano.
Okay, now those are some of the terms.  That is to Distinguish between another term . A lot of filipinos use some filipinos use and that's called beso beso.
Now that's an old spanish term that means kiss.  That's one thing you can do when you greet someone you can also do a beso beso
That means you kissed them on each cheek politely. Side to side you kiss them on each cheek that’s called  beso beso .
Now you don't see that much nowadays would just be aware that if you see that that's another traditional cultural thing that filipinos do.
If you ever get in any discussions whatsoever about sports About boxing never and I repeat never disrespect Manny Pacquiao
Now when we talk about Manny Pacquiao, We're talking about a national icon.A hero in the eyes of the Philippine people.
You might just have a fight on your hands right there.  Because Filipinos are highly nationalistic.They a very very appreciative of the people that have and of the sports.
Personalities the singers Anyone that has done well for this country And represents them They hold them in the highest esteem.
So be careful when you're talking to the filipino do not disparage Any of their national figures.
Also, when you come into a Filipino’s house, Be very respectful. You are required to take  your shoes off.
Okay? So when you come to the house, Now that’s not just something with Filipinos, that’s pretty much for Asians.
You’re required to take your shoes off and sit down.  That just shows a respect for the household and people in the household.
It’s just an ancinet asian culture and that Filipinos expect you to take your shoes off.So don’t get perturbed, why am I taking my shoes off?
Don’t do all that, just take your shoes off. And if you don’t like going bare feet on the floor , ware socks.
Okay? But you need to respect the home that you’re entering by removing your shoes.
Okay, so those are just some of the things I wanted to mention to you.
So that you could know how to behave around Filipinos.  If you’re coming here for the first time, or if you’ve been coming here for awhile and just have not understood some of the things.
Just wanted to bring that to you so you can understand how to interact with Filipinos in a manner that will be acceptable to them.
That’s it for now guys, this is BobbieD, saying take care, God Bless and Peace!
MUSIC PLAYING
 
