 Good evening, welcome to a foreigner in the Philippines. Well, it is a beautiful evening around I think 4 o'clock. So, an early walk around. We're really pleased with our path and that was a little creative infill where we were short on the mold and our gradal did that. Now, we still got to seal this so that it doesn't take in any mess from the grout. And we had a tip and one of our subs, Tom, one of our visitors actually, and he said that he had used this mold as well and had great success with it and used he'd used dirt to infill that would get compacted. But we want to seal it first and perhaps some, put some colour in it and that would be the idea. I think we're going to have to do some more, put some more in here, put another line so this is perhaps. Yeah, so this is that much wider, would be much nicer. We still have to go around here. I still have to do our repair on that, but we haven't been able to get to that today. We've been very busy today. So, look at that. Actually, the sun is hot, it's relentless. You can see, you really have to put your hand up to get your face on the shade to be able to see that. So, we finally, finally got the man to come and replace the window and then he left us with the honour of getting rid of the old glass. What the heck, we're supposed to do with that? I never know. We're keeping this because there's work to be done and we'll need this for when I put up the square panel and oh dear. Well, there's another use for the, for our lovely couch and there's Beth. She's been working on some paperwork which is important for us and we've got the day of school set up and we have another desk with Beth as well. Good evening. So, we have another desk which still has to be painted and made to look as if it's part of the same design as this main desk here. Now, I don't know whether I should wake my sleeping beauty up. Well, apparently my kiss didn't have the same magical effect as the gallon prints in the sleeping beauty because she turned over and went back to sleep again. So, we've still got lots of work to do in here, staining and stuff like that and my little arrangement. This is a temporary light that's up there because we're going to put in a square. A square here turned into like a diamond shape. But there we are with our view out of this window. We're going to probably have another little else shape couch in here for our waiting. Actually, I never get tired of looking at the, at the catargo. I love having them around. Lots and lots of tidying up. Days, I think, of tidying up. Let me see if another, if another try will do it. I'm sleepy, I didn't sleep last night. Hey! Well, let's look out of the window instead. There's the window that was replaced. See, they did a pretty crappy job, I think, actually. I didn't even clean the window afterwards. Ah, you're awake. Not quite sure. Four? Four o'clock? What? Four thirty four. I was doing a walk around. We hadn't intended to put a seat in here because just that one fan, which is, as you can see, is just a floor fan. And that keeps it pretty cool in here. So I think the double insulation effect of having the cladding on the inside as well has helped. We are going to seal the top, but just with netting so we still get the airflow. It's our idea. I'm going to get some wooden chairs, the plastic around in temporary. So, so that's our little walk around. I didn't have much to show, been pretty much out and about last couple of days. It's always nice to come home. Then we're not looking too bad. You can see down there there's this pogie. Looking at a new coconut plant planting. That's a baby's house. There are the other pals. Wow, look at how big red is getting now. He's springing up. He's wonderful. He's a terrific dog. On there's the highly stressed carabelle by two. Okay, well, thanks for being with us for this little walk around. As you can see, lots, still lots to do. Lots to do. We had a little accident there. That's a supply pipe. I don't know why. They don't sink. There was pipes at least a foot down. That's what I asked for a foot down and they're going down maybe three inches. Now we had a flying visit from, from loaded kids today. From lovely village. They came and they brought it. It's an easy deal for them. They bring the cat about poop, which is what you can see there, the blank stuff. They picked that up, put it in the bag. I don't know. Ten kids came up all from the church, of course, every now. They came up and then they sold their goods. They did pretty good out of it too, actually. So the plants are surviving, surprisingly, the plants are surviving the goats, which usually come around them and have lunch around here. But doing good. Still have carpentry work there to do it. Put a frame in into those, into those excess holes under the house. But all in all, looking pretty good. I've joined all of this in so that we're not walking on mud and same here. Have a nice tile. Tiger. What are you doing? Very jealous of all these dogs. As soon as you mention one name, they all come round. So, still got lots of painting, making good, cleaning up, as is the way. So thanks for looking in for entering the Philippines. Don't forget to like, comment, subscribe. Bye for now.