 What's up guys welcome to my channel is me since Smith okay today. I'm reacting to this video Crazy move the US and Philippine Marines did crazy knife on the soil training Well, I have reacted many videos telling about Philippine's martial arts on this video It says crazy knife on a soil training while sounds so dangerous isn't it doesn't it? I'm sure it's one of Philippine's martial arts So I wonder it's like Philippine Marine teach the US Marine how to do with So funny, but you know what I'm saying So what is it like let's get into it You enter the content give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing if you hear so let's get into it You're better than Dr. Lafulapu What is that real sword looks like fake like made by paper Madeleine in one stroke Change this oh, yeah, this isn't real knife If you are a mustard of uh, gun of your arm or extension of your life Is it that the There are mainly like this, but this one is mine Whoa, it's like a ninja You know Japanese ninjas um ninjas it's a from um art from ninja they use of Generally the you know joint locking technique or looks like judo as well to me judo usually uses the joint locking technique as well So yeah, I'm really familiar with this kind of technique Oh That's not it It's like uh Art which make use of the enemy's power the stronger the power of enemy is the more practical the stronger this art becomes So yeah looks really ninjas Japanese ninjas Wow Beautiful You know It's like a boxing movement You Is that we also if it is so dangerous training And your favorite step position you are the same King Hey, look at them powerful us Marines lining up on the listening carefully To Filipinos wow, I feel how strong this Filipino teacher is Trainer is and this training so dangerous because they use the real sword right if you miss make mistake You you happen to cut people that's So dangerous isn't it So Oh two ways cool very cool It's like a Miyamoto Musashi is very famous two ways I'm right you can make much faster movement with the two ways right so Looks really beautiful and move its movement so smooth You What is this truck practice Hey Hey Is it coming to you Yeah Like the boxing like that Sit there What is this training for is this just warming up or warming up your joint so that Your joint moving so smooth It's like a just Hey Generate move I think it's general movement for this martial art Yeah, it's new it's movement is so impertinent to always the guards for heart impressive movement So Three Four Like this One Two Three Four Five Six Six Six Use your link It's like yeah, it's like making use of enemies power and turn outside enemies attack and Get back to the Get back to the enemy with your power. It's most it's stronger. Yeah It's very efficient martial art. Is this part of Kali correct? Well every time I watch this kind of feeling being a martial art video I'm so impressed with its structure or movement so beautiful. It steps Very efficient which you can make a tank or guard at the same time is so impenetrable so strong So once the enemy attack you you can turn outside it's power to your power and get back to the enemies so strong isn't it? Yeah, this is the same theory as Japanese martial art judo or ninja to yeah, it's the same structure And or do you guys know about the pro less in japan? It's called I think Uh wrestling in English. Yeah, it's so strong as well. Yeah, something like that This kind of martial art is very strong and very reasonable efficient. It's structure so reasonable A theoretical And it's so beautiful. We're just so out Yeah, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. I hope you like it if you do make sure like button and subscribe please So my father was like i