 Akala dila, binapore ko sila, pero sila ay hindi naka kaintin di kayo. Puindana kintilang ko. Aka ba bayan? Lovely! Naka kaintin di. So, ha. That's funny, Tis. That's a good string. Yeah, Tis. Yeah, that's so much. Okay, there it is. Saliming, thank you. Kamos ta. Mali kayang pagbobalayat sa akin chano. All right, so a couple of days ago, I reacted to a video that was called Filipinos who made Pinoy's Prouda. Number one, and it was a very good video, very interesting, very educational, except that the artists that were featured, I was already familiar with. And as a matter of fact, as I was getting closer to the end to that video during my reaction, I was wondering if there was already a part two or a second video, or a second installment. And as a matter of fact, there was already a second installment, obviously called Filipinos who made Pinoy's Prouda. Number two. And just by looking at the thumbnail, it looked more appealing and interesting to me, because I could barely recognize the pinnows that were featured on the thumbnail. So, I think this second video is going to be more educational for me and perhaps for you as well. So, get comfortable, because this second video is a little bit longer than the first one. We're gonna try not to pause too much, you know? But I always fail at that attempt because I have a lot of things to share with you guys all the time. Before we start, of course, consider subscribing to the channel and liking the video, because it is important, unfortunately, for the channel, right? And of course, make sure to follow me on Instagram, at MusicAidMuse, because that is where you can be and meet your suggestions. And without further ado, let's jump right into it. I'm gonna bend you over, Salt Poppy. And, oh, wonderful. Stop me, you understand me? I'm the underdog, bro. You don't even know what you stepped into, bro. You don't even know. That's very vulgar. First of all, I'd like to thank God, my team, my brothers and my dad for training me. Salt Poppy. So, I'm guessing he is a fighter, right? A UFC fighter, ultimate fighting champion fighter. That's what I'm understanding. I'd like to thank Hapar. Or just a boxer. And Mr. Boxing has a very happy to be here. And I'd like to thank Andy Warsk as well for taking this fight. Respect. Yeah, respect for the... Wow, did you see the approach, the Filipino approach that is so humble and respectful, man. In contrast to Andy Warsk's approach, that was just so confrontational and vulgar. And he can talk as much as he wants, but let my hands do the talking. Yeah! Yeah, well said. Salt Poppy, a final word. It's the actions that talk louder. Ooh! Did he win? So many, of course. Yeah, it's Boxing. Ooh! Nothing else! Salt Poppy, I love his name. Social media has been taking over the entertainment industry. It's also starting to make noise in the professional sports industry. Alright, so... At a first glance, I read that disclaimer in my reaction to the first video, if you're interested. Anyone could easily assume that this guy's only talents are watching anime and playing video games. And this Chubby Filipino dude is a living proof that muscles alone don't win fights, but will talent and skill. Oh yeah. He looks good. Oh, and the thing was born in race in Candelaria, Quezon. At age 40, he looks good. He looks good. He looks good. He loved Boxing ever since he was a kid because of Manipack Yao. That's so cool. He used to engage in street fights for fun in some of his vlogs. My gosh, Manipack Yao, a legend, he has inspired so many Filipinos, but I'm thinking not just Filipinos. You know, so many kids that want to become like him and succeed like him. That's awesome. Switch are actually entertaining to watch, but he never really trained seriously. Oof! He worked as a nurse in the mental health institution for five years of training. Not surprising. Gold with his faker on challenge and TikTok went viral. His popularity is chirocated and he didn't stop there because he became even more popular when he started uploading videos of himself, pouring salt, and the most ridiculous ways you could ever imagine. This is so ridiculous. Nice. This is when he earned his infamous nickname. Oh my God, man, social media, TikTok specifically can be so dumb at times. I mean, when, you know, I'm, I am sent TikTok videos like this one. I just can't help but shake my head, you know. Oh my gosh. But that was funny. This box is debut in March of 2022 and he was given the opportunity to match up against the English YouTuber. Hello, I love him. Based before the fight, Salt Pob is a opponent who can stop talking smack. But come fight night, he made Halal regret everything he said. Then these guys are big, man. The internet took notice because it was three full rounds of humiliations. I like this guy. But at this point, Salt Pob was only seeing the sum. You know, I am you. I mean, I know that that in boxing, there are different weight levels, right? But the boxer, the popular boxer that I'm used to seeing are like, you know, many Pac-Yo. And what's his name, the undefeated champion, the American guy. And they all look, you know, super fit. Or Muhammad Ali or Mike Tyson, right? They're usually very fit. So it's pretty different for me to see guys that, you know, exercise boxing, but they aren't necessarily necessarily that fit. I got a like a... So he got matched up against a twitch streamer who was more fit and more American. And you know, I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see that. And you're very good at the first one. I'm not coming in here to like have fun. I'm coming in here to murder you, bro. And I'm the dude, bro. Is there an element of surprise that you're worried about with Andy, right? We haven't seen a lot from him of Los Thancaji for this fight. I feel more conditioned. I'm going to take him on the first round. Oh, yeah. Confidence. Salt Pob be in the black. How about salt Pob be the South Pole? Oh, boy. Salt Pob be on some of the best sides. Shit! So he did it. Did he take him out in the first round? Hey, he did the dance. The video. Salt Pob be being in a statement with that warning. They've waved it off. Wow. Two, three. Light him up. Borset Pob be. This man was talking about a fight with KSI earlier in the week. I don't know. This is how he might get it. No. It's over in seconds. And stay true to his word. The internet then blew up. Of course. Salt Pob be violated every ounce of Andy Warsky's ego. The matchmakers didn't want it to see how Salt Pob be reacts when he gets tested. Like, really tested. So they matched him up against an American MMA fighter, Josh Brugner. On paper, it was looking like our guy didn't have a chance because not only does this guy have a total of eight professional fights, but he was also bigger at six foot one and stronger judging by his muscles. So this guy is a UFC fighter, right? Just take a look at the difference. But come fight night. You know what? And he's much taller. Oh. Oh. Damn. He's got a punch man. He's got a punch man. Oh. Oh. I'm enjoying this video a lot more. I am learning so much. I mean, I did not know that this guy even existed before this video. So thank you to Cashwell. Cashwell Chuck. Yes, I remember that name. Cashwell Chuck. Because it's very close to Cashwell, you know. This is awesome. The next, you know, many Pacquiao who knows, right? But then again, you don't want to be compared to money. You want to be your own self. So Salt Poppy, let's go. The name is so cool. Yeah, let's have steps inside the guard. You don't see that a lot. It take advantage of the inside lane and pop it in. This was the fight. Wow. Salt Poppy gained the respect of everybody. Even the pros. Who are the top three creator boxers right now? Salt Poppy. Yes. One. One. Yes. Technically was and like he seems like he understands boxing at a higher level. So I would say salt Poppy technically. Also well deserved. So entertaining. So good. So sexy. He just seems like he gets everything. He's understanding it. And I think he's going to get better. This win kind of pulled him into the top five pounds or pounds influencer boxing. Big name such as KSI and Jake Paul. Heck, some of them are even scared of him now. Now all I'm just training against all four of us. So no more South Paws. Yeah, people want me to fight Salt Poppy. It's not happening. Okay. I need to fight Jay Paul. I can't get distracted now. Man, it looks he feels good when people fear us. Another Filipino who should be feared is Dave Bautista. I'm familiar with Dave Bautista. As a matter of fact, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 is coming out. So let me know if you're excited to see Dave Bautista in his role in that movie again. And probably the last time you'll see him in the Marvel Universe. I'm very excited because I really enjoyed the two previous movies. So I'm pumped. He was born and raised in Washington DC by his American mom and Filipino dad who worked as a taxi driver and a barber. They lent him a lot of poverty. See, that's super interesting because most of the mixed Filipinos that I talk to, it's the mother who's usually Filipino. But here it's the opposite. Their home was located in a place where crime was a daily routine. He once said in an interview that he had witnessed a total of three murders right in front of their house as a kid. It didn't take too long for him to adopt a similar lifestyle because as early as 13, he was already stealing cars. By age 17, he started living independently, working as a nightclub bouncer. That job didn't last long as he was arrested after a fight against two customers. One of them was rendered unconscious. He then got sentenced to one year probation. He then worked as a lifeguard after that and at this time, he already had two kids. And was striving to make men's meat. His transformation is crazy. There was one time when he broke down in shame and he had to borrow money from his co-worker just to give his kids some Christmas gifts. His struggles continued until he found bodybuilding and started going all in until wrestling, which led him to develop a monstrous physique and this didn't happen until he was in his early 30s. This was him before. This was him after hitting the gym. Damn. Dude is almost unrecognizable. But despite his hard work, a lot of people still doubted him. He tried out in WCW but immediately got rejected and was told by one of their pro wrestlers that he would never make it an a pro scene. When one door closes, another opens because this led him to get accepted to debut in a much bigger organization. The WWE. From this point on, his career would snowball as he carried the iconic stage name Batista. He racked up multiple tag team and world title belts and was able to share the ring with legendary wrestlers like Triple H, John Cena, Ray Mysterio and the Undertaker to name you. This line of profession is very dangerous. So, injuries weren't a stranger to him. So, he decided to put it on hold and started venturing into acting. I suspected a lot of people doubted him again, but not for long. Yeah, there we go. Marvel's anomatic universe. He's hilarious. After the Guardians of the Galaxy, he's the most beautiful, highly rated movies such as Blade Runner 2049, Doon, Endgame, Knockout the Cabin, or what I like about this dude is he never forgot about his heritage. He's allowed and proud Filipino. He is so proud that he got the total of three tattoos representing his Filipino roots. It was always really just taught to be proud of my heritage. My mom's Greek, my dad's Filipino. I'm always very proud of my roots and I display it on my body. I'll Filipino thing and Greek thing and I can just love it. I'm Filipino son. Now that's something to be proud of. Another big dude who is a very proud Filipino is Brandon Barra. He was born and raised in Norfolk, Virginia, but he also spent some of his childhood in Tagawa and Kazon. Under the care of his Filipino dad and stepmom, which explains his fluent Tagalog. The story of Brandon is about Filipino. The language of Filipino is very good. The language of Filipino is very good. It's a bit of a lie. It's a bit of a lie. But the red show is not a lie. Thank you. Tagasana Pamilia Morito is a Filipino. Tagawa and Kazon. And Simam Galing Batanggas. He even knows a lot about Filipino history. Maranda ke bakalam sa Filipino. Alat, my favorite one is the Barong. Yung Barong Tagalo pamban sang kasuo tan ang mga lalaki. Onga. Anong alamong sa Barong. San Galingan, bakit. San Galingan Barong. San Bakalian Barong. Yeah, I really like that Barong is a pig. When the Spanish colonized the Philippines, they tried to make us wear clothes. Because they divide our savages not wearing clothes. So, Pinosotan ang demit. And then, laging Tagot in mga weapons, ng mga Filipino. I guess the way that they fixed the problem was, they came up with a shirt that was see-through. The Barong Tagalo. Ah, para makita nila. Kung may tinatago. Oh, may daladalang san datay ang mga Filipino ang pinosotin ang demit. Yung kitay ang loob. The tattoo on his bag is also noticeable. The letters are an ancient Filipino writing system called by bayon. Which reads mundo. Hangin. Apoi. And the elements. A lapegoin avatar. Anyway, he excelled in wrestling in his high school days, which earned him a four-year athletic scholarship at all the minion university. But he would later drop out as he wanted to focus only on wrestling. He enlisted in the U.S. Air Force and joined the wrestling team, but his career would be cut short because he would suffer multiple torn ligaments right elbow. This got him medically discharged by the army. Nothing seems to be working in Brandon's favor, but he never gave up. He rehabbed his elbow on his own until he was strong enough to enter the grappler-squest submission wrestling competitions. He didn't have a coach or a trainer, so this caught the attention of Lloyd Irvin. Brazilian jujitsu, Black Belt and coach, who invited him to train with his MMA school. He later then turned pro and went on to have an eight-fight winning streak while finishing most of his opponents with his signature kicks. Oh, my God. Can you imagine the trauma? Though he didn't quite reach the goal to become a champion in the UFC, he did become one in 1FC in a brutal fashion by finishing all of his opponents. Hey, oh boy, oh boy, oh boy, oh boy. Oh my God. It's crazy. You can see the shock. He was already 40 at the time and his age was starting to yajing up as he would lose against Myanmar's online song. In the present day, Brandon Vera had already retired and moved to the Philippines for a minute. He also built his own gym called the Alliance Training Center PH to help train more young Filipino MMA talents. That's awesome. And speaking of talent, especially in combat sports, would ever forget to mention Manipakiao. Woohoo! The goal. He's like the old days when people fought the very best. He also has a case for greatest fighter pound for pound, whoever lived. That's the most power. The senator, right? He's a senator too? Try to become president. Hey! Oh my God. Oh wow. I think it's unbelievable to see grown-ass men just fall like that after a punch. Every time he fights, the country's crime rate drops to 0%. He's a master not only inside, but also inside the ring. Mani, you have something very kind. The influences of the Philippines. Hello Philippines. I don't think I'm going to be able to get a job. I'm going to be a pro-wrestling, but I don't think I'm going to be able to get a job. I'm going to be a pro-wrestling. I'm not going to be able to get a job. That's funny. That's the extreme movie. Yeah, that's awesome. Okay, here's the movie. Oh wow. Even the biggest celebrities. But before getting all that fame, he had to go through a lot of pain because he was born and raised in general Santos at the time of poverty. At age 5, he'd already seen dead and he'd capitated bodies. Military and rebel shootouts would happen just a few meters away from home. To his family had no choice but to leave unsettling the nearby province called Sarangani. His dad was barely there for them so his uncle played the role of a father figure. He started training Mani how to box and also taught him how to fish at a very young age to survive. It's so inspiring. He joined several amateur boxing competitions and dominated all of them. But he wasn't earning enough because most of what he got was just a bunch of trophies and medals. Life was too hard that it came to a point that Mani's dad but shared their own dog just to have food on the table. This was Mani's wake up call so at age 16, he traveled alone to the city of Manila to become a pro boxer without letting his mom know because he knew she wouldn't allow him back then. He made the gym his home and slept in the ring every night. In Mani's first professional fight, he had to lie about his age just to get in. That's why he was a man's kid. So he put heavy objects in his pocket just to make it into the flyweight division which explains why he looked significantly smaller than his opponents in his early fight. But he's been in the cap. He still went on to dominate and clean up the whole flyweight division, getting him a world title belt in the process. In spite of this achievement, Mani was still relatively unknown to the world. Nobody knew him to the point that the announcer couldn't even read his name properly. But Mani's anonymity would only last until this very night. He would then beat everyone in Phantomweight so he had to move up to Federweight where he would earn the nickname Pac-Man as he would deliver most of the Mexican monsters in the division. It came to a point that nobody in the Federweight division, even the lightweight division was willing to fight him. My god, he's not even trying to win. Yeah, you go, make weather. That's the name. So Mani was forced to move up to two weight classes. Mani had to face his idol himself, Oscar de la Hoya. Their size difference was so noticeable that Mani's countrymen got worried about him. There was even a build that was passed just to stop the fight from happening. It's his life, man. But the fight still happened and Mani shocked everyone when he completely dominated the much bigger fighter and even made him give up in round number eight. Seriously. You gave up. Mani then went down a weight class to visit the lightweight division to put Ricky hadn't asleep. So he fought in different classes. He was hungry. Backed up to Walter Wade on the city to go on a rampage against bigger opponents. One notable victim was Antonio Margarito, who was arguably the biggest fighter Mani ever faced. What made his matchup interesting was the drama leading up to the fight because Margarito was so arrogant and insulted Mani in multiple ways. I'm going to have a look. Julen. Oh, that's true. Margarito. Margarito. Who's that? No, this guy. That's Poto Pakeo. As he is, then there. But just like Salt Pappy, Mani did all the talking. Yeah, absolutely. The other guy is taller too. Hmm. Margarito's speed down of a guy who got weight in 17 pounds. His face looks like a temero, dude. He missed him. Oh, dude. Margarito has a vicious speed down. Oh my god. Look at his face. Mani Pakeo's career is definitely full of interesting fights, but he would take hours if I had to share all of them. For now, let me just give you a perspective on the magnitude of his achievements. Oh. Mani is the only eight weight division world champion that he has held at all. Wow. 13 world titles across all of them. This is a feat no boxer has ever done before. He made it into the boxing world fighting bigger guys. And retired fighting even bigger guys. He was the people's David against the world's goliath. He has the heart of a lion. He became an inspiration to many aspiring young athletes. Yes, that's what I said. He has the heart of a lion. What's surprisingly a young woman? Hyde Lindy. She was only nine when she got introduced to. Ah, yes. I reacted to her. She won the Olympics. The problem is to gain extra money. She liked it instantly as she discovered that she was actually stronger than her cousins who turned out to be boys. They also lived a life of poverty as her parents struggled to make ends meet. Hyde Lindy was the fifth child among six. So his dad's income as a tricycle driver and a part-time farmer was barely enough to support them. She had to borrow shoes and uniforms for training and gladly took hand mean downs. Going to the gym was even a struggle for her because she didn't have money for fairs. Yes, she had to send the girlfriends lap to avoid paying. Hyde Lindy kept going and her hard work paid off as she got selected as the wild card entry in the 2008 Summer Olympics in China making her the first ever female weight lifter to compete for the Philippines in the Olympics. She was only 17. Making it to the Olympics was a good achievement but winning it all was the ultimate challenge. In Hyde Lindy's case, the gold eluded her for more than a decade. It eluded the whole country for almost a century. 97 years to be exact. Her journey was full of setbacks and crushing defeats but there was one thing she didn't do. She never gave up. Yeah, I have a short way to react to this man. That was what a year ago, two years ago. The first year of the Olympics in China, the first year of the Olympics in China. The first year of the Olympics in China, the first year of the Olympics in China. The first year of the Olympics in China, the first year of the Olympics in China. The first year of the Olympics in China, the first year of the Olympics in China. The first year of the Olympics in China, the first year of the Olympics in China. The first year of the Olympics in China, the first year of the Olympics in China. What a great achievement! A fantastic achievement! Yeah. Yeah Amazing Amazing Wow Yeah, she got bigger Yeah Back into gold medal position Wow, a new Olympic record with that lifted 126 Look at her She's one Left remaining to become Olympic champion Hydrolands last successful attempt was 124 And in order to win, she had to break the world record again by adding three more kilos to make it 127 Which was something she'd never lifted in the past that is almost 300 pounds. It's like lifting a batista She has the clean now she needs the jerk As you recover there it is Your Olympic champion in the women's 55 That's so great She's trying to the gold Go to the Philippines Hydrolands Yeah, so great She did just that Hydrolands to calm the country's first ever Olympic gold medal Ladies and gentlemen The anthem of Philippines Yeah Ah the pride the Filipino pride The Filipino pride Wow, this is a tier jerking moment man Even I'm feeling a little choked up And I'm not even full of Pino Oh my gosh They should make a movie out of her you know journey Yeah Oh yes my gosh Oh my gosh Yeah Good job cash roll Well done Well done If you enjoyed this video well do not hesitate to subscribe to cash roll chuck I had a great time with this second video honestly he did a fantastic job It was very focused on For the Pino's that had something to do with physical sports right Boxing UFC lift weightlifting You know wrestling So it was it was kind of not brand new to me Because I do know those sports But I don't know much about those sports And I wasn't really familiar with Filipinos in those sports Except for Maniparkiau and Bautista And yes the woman that Won the gold medal Because I reacted to her But this was awesome I had so much fun And yeah I mean the quality is here so I'll probably keep reacting to The next ones if there are other videos That will be made by cash roll chuck But other Filipinos Who made the noise probably because there are so many more believe you me So sad puppy Let's go that guy is so likable Seriously Anyway I had a lot of fun To be honest for like a few moments there I felt like a Filipino Or at least Filipino by heart I don't know I just felt it It was I choked up a little bit I really tried not to go there you know So yeah let me know the comment section below your thoughts on this I'm pretty sure that some of you you know will probably you know let it here go down your cheeks Um Marami Maramiin Salamat For Mahalko Kayao of course And if you found value in this reaction video then do not hesitate to check out my other videos right here