 What's up guys, my name is Miles. My name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today we're reacting to this is the most basketball obsessed country in the world. And I'm assuming he is talking about the Philippines. And this was suggested to us by Ella's a guy in our discord. Just in case you didn't know. So yeah, thank you so much for the recommendation. If you guys have any more recommendations to send us, please do not hesitate to click on the link in our description to our discord. Click on the video suggestion box and throw your suggestions in there. Yeah. Also guys, before we hop in this video, if you would go ahead and give it a like, it definitely helps us get this out to more people. Also, if you would go ahead and click the subscribe button and the bell notification icon that way you guys can stay informed on our future videos. And if you'd like to help us out even further, you can click the join button down below. So let's check it. See, check, check yourself. Ah! That was weird. I'm curious if that sounded like a car driving by. More like a straight pipe to lawnmower. I'm used to having a hat on. I hope y'all enjoyed my hair. You know, I did it. That's so beautiful. If you guys have ever seen the incredible, so he kind of looks like a dark-haired, incredible boy. I'm about the same height. About 200 million people, the eighth most populated country in the world, home to Lumpia, Adobo, and Manipath Gau. So, all the many beautiful things to love in the Philippines, there's one thing that's a lot more than anything else. Basketball. There isn't anything quite like it. This country is obsessed. No, addicted to basketball. Anywhere you go, any neighborhood, any barangay, you will find a basketball court. Philippines will play on anything, even if there isn't a wood or cement floor. Filipinos will play on grass, soil, even sand. And then real plays, big, small, short, tall. Charm-class. Poor, rich. You'll find players wearing shoes. It's a neil ass. And even bare feet. You see, it doesn't matter who you were before you stepped on the court. All that matters is your game. Oh, go back. Check out his shirt. So, it looks like the Captain America shield, but it's got the star from the sun or whatever you want to call it, from the flag. And I'm guessing there isn't there three stars on their flag, along with the main star. I'd like to see the rest of that shirt. I dig that shirt. It doesn't matter who you were before you stepped on the court. All that matters is your game. You know how much Americans love American football? Well, multiply that by 10 times. The passion for the sport is real. The only thing I can quite compare to is Argentinian arm wrestling. You know what does seem like that? Where? The love for the sport is almost a religion over the American football. For the second number, Nike wants estimated that 40% of the population of Philippines plays basketball. And 81% in total are basketball fans. That's approximately 81 million hoopballing fans. This begs the question. That's a tough like to think that they're more fandom for because there's no way that 80% of our population likes football, American football. I agree. Because a lot of people do find American football board. Even American. I love American football. I just don't watch it. I'm die hard. I can watch playing. I just don't watch it. I know what time. And to be fair, man, I love basketball. I dislike the two of the jerseys he's gotten behind him. The Wayne Wade jerseys. But that one's autographed. But to, man, I'm curious on how many people, like number wise, obviously more people here like football. But population is big, you know, bigger, but percentage wise. I don't think you can compare that to no. Yeah, I agree. Why? Why do Filipinos love basketball so much? Well, there's the obvious answer. Don't because it's fun. All right, Kays Close. Thanks for watching my video. Subscribe and hit that notification bell. No, that's not even enough answer. Because you know what else is fun? Football or soccer from my American viewers. The most popular sport in the world are none. Football is so popular and estimated four million people more than half the world's population are football fans. So why didn't this football fever convert well in the Philippines? Why is basketball so different for Filipinos? The better answer this question, we have to go back. 1898, marked the beginning of the Spanish American War, where after the Battle of Manila, Americans took control of the city. And then with the Treaty of Paris, the whole country of the Philippines, thus Spain relinquished control of the Philippines to the United States for $20 million, which is $600 million today's money. During this period, basketball was a lot more than that. Because that was a 209-year-old. It started in 1910, where it was actually introduced to public schools as a women's sport. Because men's sports, like baseball and track, were deemed too rough and intense for women. The Philippines quickly established it. Baseball was too rough, but not basketball. I know, right? That's crazy. And I was literally talking about the last basketball, the fee book that we looked at, the highlights. I liked their basketball because it's a tougher than our basketball. But yet, see, I call BS. I don't think that's accurate. There's no way that's accurate. Because baseball is like the, it's a beer- drinking sport. Like, Bay Bruth was a fatty. Like, that's, there's no possible way. Like, there's still big fattys now there. So, there's still big fattys now there. In their first Olympic showing, the Filipino basketball team came in fifth place, which to this day is still the best place in for an Asian team. They then won gold in the first Asia Games in 1951, and then won bronze in the Phoeba 1954 World Championships. I wonder who won first. Again, has not been eclipsed by another Asian country until this day. For the next 20 years, the Philippines dominated Asia and basketball, winning gold in the Phoeba Asia Tournament in 1960, 1963, 1967, 1973, and 1985, and then winning silver in 1965 and 1971. It was during this time that the basketball craze was at an all-time high. The Philippines then formed the PBA, or the Philippines Basketball Association, the oldest running professional basketball league in the world after the NBA. Winning us Filipino all-time grates like Ramon Bernandez, William Sesar, Bugs Campanado, and Robert Trawarski. When we were liberated from Spain, the removal of colonization left behind a large void. In 1934, the Philippines was nothing more than a collection of islands, ethnicities, and diverse cultural identities. And while the government would try and fill that void in a political legal sense, it was basketball that became that cultural glue for our newly born country. It's crazy how sports can bring people together like that. Oh, dude, just like food. And wars have been stopped over sports. There was a soccer game. I don't remember, don't hold me to remembering this, but there was two countries that were at war, and they literally stopped the war, so the two countries could play their international game. Yeah. So I mean, literally, I think, I mean, people get stupid over sports in a lot of ways, but I think, yeah, like, there are certain things that bring people together that's food, sports, and politics, I'm just kidding. Yeah. In a country where there are literally hundreds of different languages, and everyone sort of has their own local and regional connections, basketball became one thing that people could look to and say, we are Filipino, and this is something that we are really good at right now. And basketball, in turn, is linked with our unity as Filipinos. The Filipino cultural identity was basically born from basketball. That's why for a lot of us, basketball is more than just a game. Wait, you're familiar with the economy of the Philippines? It's not... Does that say... Pilipinas? Yeah. What does that mean? I'm not sure. Let us know in the comments, but a few of their different jerseys say that. Pilipinas. He'd like the... What was the other sport that I'm trying to think of? Oh, the... Not TACRAW, or... No, it might have been. How do you say that? No, I'm thinking of the actual basketball games we've watched, that's what their jerseys say. I love peanut. Maybe that's like, is that proper way of actually pronouncing or even spelling it? We've just been doing it all wrong, we're adding the age? That's... Yeah, seriously though, curious. Yeah. Now, I will say this, that's... I think that's real here as well. Yeah. Because there's a lot of people, and it's not just basketball, it's sports in general. They'll grow up and their parents will like... That's their goal. That's their opportunity to get out of the hood, to get out of rougher situations. Now, granted, yes, a lot of people have a lot of money and wind up playing sports. I think a lot of, you know, like the mannings, like Peyton Manning in the NFL and his brother Eli Manning, their dad was an amazing football player. Right. So... They were very good themselves. Oh, the best. The best, but... You know, dad's money in and friends and people that he could have trained his kids got in there. Yeah. Whereas like, a LeBron James or a Shikiloneal had to literally... They're... Like, that's why they give back to their parents so much because they sacrifice... They're already struggling in a hard, rough area. And then, because isn't... I think Shack is from like Louisiana or something like that. And then you got LeBron from Akron, Ohio. So they're from the hood. And then they got to do everything that they can do to get out of the situation that they're in. And their parents are literally already working multiple jobs. So, me personally, I had the opportunity to actually grow up in a wonderful household. But for a lot of people, this is their way out, especially in the NFL. I think I would say the larger percentage... No, I completely... Is in the NFL because a lot of people are no longer allowing their kids to play in the NFL because of all the concussions. Right. And the people that are sticking around are the people that are literally like... It's like, I'm willing to sacrifice to make my life and my family's life better. Yeah. And basketball is the same way. So, just minus the concussions. But, and having the skill and being six with six. Yeah. Sir, is the accessibility with sports like baseball, hockey, or golf, you need equipment and facilities. Baseball has batting and catching equipment, not to mention the huge field. Hockey requires an ice rake. Hockey is a Christmas Island sport. Golf needs acres upon acres. Golf is what enriches my entertainment. Costing easily hundreds, if not thousands of dollars. Basketball, all you need is a court and a ball, which is ideal for the Philips. To be fair, that's a lie, man. To, yeah. How much does a court cost? Well, as of today, the Philippines has ranked 31st out of 165 countries. This makes them the third highest ranked Asian country. How did a country that was basically born from basketball and went from dominating the reservation to 31st place? There are many reasons. And the most obvious answer might be the biggest, or, in this case, the smallest. Right. Our height. Basketball, obviously, is a tall man's game. And Filipinos aren't known for being vertically gifted. With the average he knows he knows standing in five four or 163 centimeters. The average PBA player of today naturally stands a bit taller at 6.3 or 190 centimeters, which was not as big as a problem back into 50s when the average NBA player stood at 6.2 or 187 centimeters. And while the rest of the professional world grew, the Philippines remained short. Today, the average NBA player measures 6.7 or 200 centimeters would fall. Yes, first maybe. It's a passing call. Could you imagine how well the standard PBA player would fare against someone like Shaquille O'Neal, who, in his prime, stood at 7.1 and weighed in at 300 pounds. At that difference, he would have at least two. He's at 72. And there wouldn't be anything a Filipino player could do. Like 10,000 pounds. And pray that he misses free throws. With the rest of the world making great strides and basketball. To be fair, guys, I don't care how tall you are, Shaquille O'Neal was dominant no matter how big. You could be his same size and his natural ability would kick your ass. So. But yeah, no, that's why Mexicans don't play basketball. They're short. Yeah. The Philippines has a one dream that burns bright in a lot of people's hearts, having a homegrown Filipino playing the NBA. Now, the NBA is clearly the meridian of professional basketball. There is no higher level of basketball. Granted, there have been players with Filipino blood in the NBA. Raymond Townsend became the first Filipino to ever play in the NBA, playing for the Golden State Warriors in 1978. He also have Jordan Clarkson, who started his career on the Lakers and currently plays for the Cavaliers. And as a joke, a lot of Filipinos like to include Nate Robinson. Who's he so short? Great grandfather was Filipino, who jumped out to about 6%. That makes him an honorary Filipino, I guess. He's also like five foot. He's waiting for our own son, my friend. Many Pac-Yo to grace the courts of professional American basketball. Little could ever be a native homegrown Filipino NBA player. Many have tried, notably Jatath Aguilar and Bobby Ray-Varks Jr. of the PVA. Bobby actually played for the Texas legends in the NBA G-League, but none yet who have made it into the big leagues. I was actually able to speak with Raymond Townsend, the first Filipino basketball player to ever play in the NBA. Is a Filipino who's one considered one of the best players in the history of the PVA going to put his reputation out there to possibly get cut by Brooklyn Nets or the Orlando Magic or Sacramento Kings or the Phoenix Suns? Yeah. Are they going to sit there and have the rest of their life so-and-so is one of the best Filipinos ever play in the PVA? But can't even make it in the NBA. But can never make the NBA got cut in, you know, 2025 with the Phoenix Suns? So it's not a question of talent. It's a question of like fear or courage. Nobody's ever done it. You know, it's harder for the first person than it is for anybody else. Because with being the first, there's a lot of doubt. I was told I'd never make it. There's a lot of negative input and there's a lot of negative input. I was too small. I was Filipino. I wasn't big enough. You know, but they don't know the heart of a Filipino. So that's really cool that he got in contact with them. Yeah, no, I was literally thinking I was like, because I was going to save it for the end. But I think we need to, because I don't know how many subscribers these guys have got. But I feel like we have enough people that watch our video that we need to get this guy up, no matter what he has. I just based off of his videos. Yeah, 165,000. I know we're a lot smaller, but I know we have a lot of great viewers. And if you're a basketball fan, I think we should help grow his channel. Yeah, guys, so we're not even done. And we're already trying to plug him up. So before you even subscribe to our channel, subscribe to his channel. And then subscribe to our channel. Yeah, don't forget to subscribe to our channel. Who's next? For the time being, the hopes and dreams of the country rest on these few players. I was like, he's got the dirty car. His father was a PBA player. That was a famous title. The youngest MVP of all time, having been born in the ball life. He basically eats breeds and lives basketball. He had a stint with crates and seesun. And even once dunked on the brunt. And then there's Terence Romeo, one of the best guards in the PBA who quick as lightning reflexes and handles for days. Basically to Alan Iverson, according to the PBA. Dude, AI wasn't that tall. And then you still have six foot two. Yeah, and arguably the best player in the game. Maybe five, ten. He has the most MVP's in PBA history with five. He has amazing talent. And if he ever wanted to, critics say he would have a good shot in the NBA. However, most people agree it's going to be this kid. After the seven foot one wonder kid, Kai Soto. Teen basketball sensation Kai Soto. Kai Soto. The best that has to be Kai Soto. 16 year old Kai Soto. He's already seven two. Wow. The future of Asian basketball. And it was reported that Real Madrid offered him $1 million to join their basketball team. It's a whole new FC Barcelona, Sasky basketball Nia and Alba Verde. 16. Have also expressed interest. By all accounts, he's a basketball prodigy. He's currently averaging 25.1 points per game. 13.9 rebounds per game and 2.6 blocks per game in a two game stretch against Japan and China. He scored 54 points, 42 rebounds and nine block shots. He's got so much potential that he's projected to be on the final roster of the National Basketball Filler. Yeah. So what's up, where he would be playing against NBA and other professional players around the world as a 16 year old boy. 16. Barring some crazy injury, this kid's chances of making the NBA are all but guaranteed. So mark your calendars, boys and girls, because in 2021, I'd be wrapping my knees at that age. It looks like he's got some compression. The Philippines is getting an NBA player. He is. So he said 2021. So we need to check on this guy. 2021. So that's this year. The future Asian basketball. These are exciting times. That's what he's supposed to be on basketball. Basketball fans. I for one, count wait to see what the future holds for the country whose heart beats like the bouncing of a basketball. Remember to check out Pacific rims. Beer man, ball and in flip-flops. The Philippines unlikely love a fair with basketball. On Amazon, Brink goes on a lot more of that into the analysis of Filipino basketball. And the love. All right, I think he's just plugging now that book. So how old is this video? This was 2019, 2020. Oh, so maybe it's time for him to sign a contract. Well, what he needs to do is go to college in the US. Like, or go to, like, I wouldn't, I would think that now that you can make money in college, I would think that would be his best bet because he's going to have an entire country or really a region of the world backing him. Right. So he's going to bring in dollar, dollar bills, y'all, for any type of marketing for Asia. So what I would do if I were him, I'd go two years college, or really, honestly, I'd go four years, get my full degree here in the US, go to the NBA because just because you're tall. And he's got shots from the, of course, he showed the highlights, but he's got shots. Yeah. So he's going to have something that's very unique, very dirt-novetzky-like, tall with a good shot. And he'll be able to extend, because the thing is, and if you're going to get developed anywhere, college basketball is the way to do it. Right. There's LeBron James and, what's his name? LeBron and Kobe are a very rare breed that they didn't have to go to college. That was, of course, before they changed the rules. But without college, those guys are going to be superstars in you. Right. Go to college, get those two years in, get four years in, go to the pros. If you do well, thank God. If you do a little less, then at least you got a college degree. Right. And you're going to get a full-ride scholarship at seven foot, too. I don't care. You can go to it. In fact, I just talked to somebody that went to, that played in, at Villanova today. And then we got a guy that's, a guy at the gym, that practices where I work is the highest scoring NCAA player. Wow. Yeah, right now, and he decided to stick in for another year instead of joining the draft. And I'd talk to him every single day. I think that was the coolest thing ever. Guys, if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button. It helps us out with the YouTube algorithm. And honestly, if you have more basketball videos like this one, we would love to see it because I'm a huge basketball fan, minus the Wayne Wade. Also, if you want to see our future videos, hit the subscribe button, the bell notification, you'll be notified when the next video drops. And of course, if you want to support us directly, hit the join button, and with that being said, my name is Miles. My name is Fest. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out. I had like a frog in my throat, and it was not a weird.