 Hello, how are you? I'm Liga, I'm a little bit tired of this channel. My name is Ovela and you guys remember that video that I reacted to of primary school kids, maybe 50 of them singing beautifully in harmony and it was a video that I included in my playlist of random Filipinos that go viral on social media and you know that video and performance really impressed me. It was a bunch of kids with ukulele guitars you know and performing in harmony and they were like perfectly in sync. I was very impressed by it. But all of this to say that the same person that requested that video and sent it to me via DM's on Instagram saw that I really enjoyed that video and thought that I might enjoy reacting to this next video. It's in the same realm. Let's just say that because apparently this time around it's a graduation class, let me read you the title. Illuminating graduation song. A million dreams. NDDU senior high. So NDDU I suppose that's the name of the university, right? NDD University. I don't know what NDD stands for. You will probably let me know in the comment section below. But I am expecting another huge class of Filipinos probably singing together. It's just a difference here is that they will be grownups, right? So let's see. Alright, I am very excited. Let's get to it. Oh boy, that's a lot more people. Yeah, all about to graduate with their outfits, white outfits. Okay, let's think about this. What are we witnessing here? We are witnessing at least 200 people in harmony, in sync, singing together at a graduation, at a Filipino graduation. Which in itself is very impressive. And I just noticed that they are doing this on a basketball court here. I can see the hoop right there. It just shows you how much Filipinos also love basketball. And I think that's why Filipinos and I, that's one of the reasons why we matched so well together because I'm such a huge basketball and NBA fan. What I see here can be explained by the last video that I reacted to of primary school kids singing together using ukuleles. Okay, so I'm thinking they trained them at a very young age. So it is not surprising that at this stage of their life they can all sing in harmony. You know what I'm saying? And it's just a Filipino thing. Like, alright, I reacted to Filipino crowds at concerts, you know, singing in harmony. And it just gives you the chills because that's how impressive they are, you know. And just the feeling of hearing, I don't know how many Filipinos, crowd of Filipinos singing together that well. And you can tell by the energy that they are having so much fun, it's just an incredible thing to witness. So at a concert, I get it, but they don't just do it at a concert. They also do it while they are watching a sports event, for instance. I saw that, I reacted to that and I could not believe it. Like if there is like a moment of pause between sports or whatever, they will start singing. And there is the choreography too. You see the chef docuist, as we say in French, right here, the person leading the whole troops right there. What? Oh, wait, wait, wait. I recognize the song. I know this song. Wow. At this point, I think that you guys are just showing off, you know, it's not enough for you guys to all sing in harmony altogether at a graduation, but you have to also have a choreography and everything. Come on. This song sounds very familiar. You know, the only thing that I remember doing in harmony like this with my classmates is singing the national anthem, you know, as kids before going to class, right? Like you put your arm, your hand on your chest and you sing the national anthem or you do this, you know, and you sing the national anthem. That's it. That's basically it. And I've been to graduations before. Okay, I've been to mine and I've been to others. And honestly, they are all extremely boring. This is, this must be such a fun graduation, you know, a colorful graduation, not of color because here they are just wearing white, but you know what I mean? Like colorful as in fun. There must be at least 400 people there. And I'm going to shoot it. Let me know in the comments section below if you're watching this and you were part of this student class. Let me know if you were there, you know, and I don't know, tell me about your experience. When did you learn the song? How long did it take you to learn the song and to create like a choreography for it? And how did it work? You know, like you can't reunite or unite 400 students to practice for this, right? I mean, how does it work? Seriously, how does it work? And yeah, and I forgot. I forgot like a video of the largest gospel choir in the world. I remember reacting to that. It was like a full, it wasn't a stadium, but it was a full, oh my gosh, I forgot the term, but it was insane. It was crazy. Okay, so they're singing. Okay, the name of the song is a million dreams. There you go. Okay. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, wow. Wow, oh my God, that gave me chills. They turned off the lights. That's so cool. That's how you celebrate a graduation. It's so memorable. Wow, wow. And I just noticed, and I just noticed that the right side is guys and the left side is girls. Pro, this is how you never forget the day of your graduation. It's so freaking memorable. Wow, now they said, okay, it's done. That was incredible. That was incredible. That was so freaking cool. This should be done all over the world. It would make the graduation experience so much more fun and entertaining. Because like I said, the ones I've been to were so boring. And when they invite you, they're like, hey, I graduated. You're my brother. You're my cousin. Could you please come and everything? I mean, you're happy for their graduation, but you know that the whole process of graduation is going to be so freaking boring. So this has to be the norm everywhere. This is so much fun. And the whole thing, you know, the surprise at the end with the phones and them merging together. That was so much fun. What's the saying that, you know, that Filipino say it's always, it's more fun in the Philippines? Yeah, that's it. I had to go and just, you know, double check. It is. It is more fun in the Philippines. So I was right. This proves it. This proves it right here. It's more fun in the freaking Philippines. That was awesome. That was seriously awesome. It made my day. Really after reacting, because today I also reacted to my last episode of Maria Calada at Ibarra. And I'm at the point in the show where it's not, it's not a lot of fun, you know, it's pretty sad. This just made my day. It brought a smile to my face, you know what I'm saying? So thank you. Thank you for this. So yeah, like I said, if you were part of this group, let me know in the comment section below. I love to know the preparations for all of this, you know, and how did it feel for you, guys? Do you have like super fun and vivid memory of this moment? Marame Marame Salamad, Paul. Of course, if you found value in this video, do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.