We're here in dunkin donut guys I
Like the
I want some drinks also so this is  the dunkin donut   here. they have coffee here
Twenty dollars of pound
This was 20 dollars
Yes, that's my Donuts
So this is the Dunkin Donuts look funcy here in America
unlike in the Philippines
But in the Philippines. They look fancy over. There is a Krispy Kreme
God it's been a year and i didn't it donut
So and I've been starving us starving
craving craving for donut
Not gonna happen honey, don't worry. It's not gonna happen. I maintain my figure
They're expensive here that's the price of the donut here
You right
Here's my what you call this baby vanilla vanilla chai frozen
Let's review
It's not that good is
so sweet not really. No. I'm just curious whats  that because I love vanilla
But I want I want some drinks with my donut
Here's my donut  guys
I've been craving  for donut so  I've got the
Right, this is a chocolate coconuts my favorite
Who I'm exciting
look at this so  yummy
I thought your in the diet
god it's been how it's been a year I didn't eat
Their is sometimes  I'm craving today, I'm really craving for donut
Would you like to eat when we get home?
Well you don't have enough notice you gotta have hour notice before cuz you get mad
It is in a hurry
Oh no no we don't have a tuna
but I can grill chicken
hello guys were just got home I make some grill chicken
Me. I'm not hungry and just want to have some snacks, so that's why we
We get some donuts earlier
that's
weird taste drinks
We have here sweet potato I
Boiled it because I want to make mash sweet potato
I'm done boiled sweet potato so I put some a little bit of butter
Little bit of brown sugar
Because he  like
Salt and smash it
that's guys
Just mash mix it
the salt and butter and
brown sugar
so this is my
smashed
Sweet potato this is good for the grilled chicken
So I think my chicken
Dinner is served
this is his dinner guys
Eating time for you
so give  me the review for my food
So how does it taste baby?
Homemade smash sweet potatoes the best. Oh, thank you
You like it. I eat good tonight  so I lift it good in the morning
