 This is chicken intestines and pig blood and here's a mystery snack called And this is me trying to explain what the Tardis is from Dr. Who It's definitely time for some work culture shock in the Philippines In this video my fiance took me on a day trip to Kavite Which is about an hour away from Manila joy rents a little house there with her sister and at a dolly But she doesn't live there much because she usually works as a nanny staying with her employer for 24 hours a day Between the three of them they only pay $60 a month for rent All right, so who do we have here? She's girl and her mom walked by and they stopped and wanted to talk to us and The mom was like she's just wondering where she can meet a foreigner You know like She won Jason the video How old are you? I'm 30 years old and what are you looking for in a man? I'm a looking a man There are a lot of girls in the Philippines who dream about finding a foreigner It's kind of like winning the lottery there an average middle-aged American like myself Without very much money can actually provide a lot more stability than a life that they're used to That's where we met but if she comments on this video I'll make sure and pin it so you guys can talk to her if you want But yeah, we don't like the idea that we're you don't want to be a dating service Yeah, I recommend being somewhere When the kids were all the kids are in love with Joy there I'm gonna want to see her and it was kind of like I was a movie started being a foreigner there So they were all looking in the window Joy has a dog who literally lives in a cage It would be dead if not for the cage joy assures me because there's so many stray dogs running around and Coco wouldn't have a chance The way dogs are treated in the Philippines is way different than America This is a diaper made for dogs and a lot of people do this to downstairs I've seen more dogs on diapers here and the Philippines and I ever have in my whole life Why? Because he's a dog Joy gave me a tour of her house next It was way smaller in person than it looked like in our video calls There was constant noise coming from every direction because everyone lives so close together here But there were benefits electricity was only what a couple dollars a month and you could order food at any time for just one dollar and have it delivered just from down the street There's no AC no space not much privacy But it was a tight community where everyone looked out for each other and toys if you leave the door open She says all the neighborhood kids will come inside and play with all your stuff and this is a little room built inside And this Oh, it's like you just lay down these mattresses Her small bedroom was about the same size as a standard bathroom in America Five foot wide by um seven feet long maybe and this is the hello kitty background I remember seeing And many times she's sharing the bed with kids It's like if I can touch The kitchen was an add-on to the house and also used for storage and hanging the clothes and dry There's a little kitchen that's like built onto the back Yes Okay We share this appointment with you Little stove And their bathroom was really small maybe three by three feet it looks bigger with the GoPro wide angle lens and it actually is When it rains the tin roof is so loud that you can't hear anything else Everyone in the neighborhood just kind of goes inside to hibernate There's all stuff Atidali has a little random knick-knack store that she sells stuff to the neighborhood There were constant calls from vendors walking down street selling food or snacks Everyone here had their own business What is that and I enjoyed seeing how resourceful and entrepreneurial they were Oh, yeah Hmm Abber I know Business and heavier Things Alright Okay This is 10 pesos for one of these. You can get your hair done if you would have enjoyed. We're going somewhere. Fresh? What? Really? Oh, fish. So is this considered a street or an alley? Later we decided to go someplace. So we all piled into a motorcycle with a side car. The driver said, okay, only in the Philippines. Riding on the back of a motorcycle sideways was weird. It took me a while to figure out, oh I guess there's handles for me to hold on to. If he goes around a corner, I'm just going to fly off. But nope, it's normal. We ended up at the mall. It's where everyone likes to go because the AC and luxury feeling. Moles in the Philippines feel like they did back in the 80s or 90s in America. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Seven of us fit on a motorcycle. You can just pile more people in than you ever expect. It's like the Tardis on Dr. Hoot. It's like a big one on the inside. That way? The Tardis from Dr. Hoot. The ghost from Dr. Hoot. It's a TV show. It looks like a police box. And you go inside and it's like a bacon. If you're going to be in America, you need to know about the Tardis. He's joking. No, I have to learn everything. No, you don't need to know about the Tardis. I have to do a research. You don't need to know about the Tardis. It's been going downhill very badly. It's really stupid now. So forget everything about the Tardis. I was surprised to see a Macintosh store in the mall. So I wanted to go see the prices in the new IMAX. And then we met a new friend named Domiles. He just wanted to help me because I was American. Yeah, and Americans are friendly, you know guys. Because one thing that I learned from history is Americans call a nice hour country. That's the reason why Filipinos speak English. You get it guys. I'm sorry. It's just very well, too. Yeah, yeah, I'm only socially awkward, you know. I know, you're doing great. Next we went to Jollaby, then back home. I saw Miles again at Jollaby, too. He's sleeping here. Mattresses were laid out on the floor and everyone took a little nap. Even with the fan directly on me, it was so hot I could barely sleep. But Joy tried to make me feel comfortable. Chicken feet, really? Yeah, yeah. Okay. Matt, when the sun was setting, we all headed out down the street. Suddenly it made sense while the activity started at night. Because it was so much cooler. Stay here. All the little shops opened up and it seemed like the whole community came out to buy fresh food and mingle. It felt like a fair or carnival, but it was just normal evening there. This is one of the things I miss the most when I'm back in America. It's live, local, fresh, friendly, and like this every day. Atty Dolly ordered some food and we walked back home with the kids and dog. Chicken intestines and chicken blood. It was actually pig blood. They tried to describe how it was made and laugh that they couldn't explain it. Mini meat. And this is just pig blood. I've never heard of eating blood before or cubes of blood, but it's totally normal there. And it was actually really good. I'm going to get sick eating this. At the end of the day it was just like eating noodles and tofu. At least that's what a taste it liked to me. We had to get back to Manila. So we held another track to get back to the bus stop. Wait, did you just see that? All I got to say is this guy has some mad skills to just build a walk without breaking. Straight across the street. Right in between it. Crazy traffic, you like that. All I can say is I feel spoiled and high maintenance after experiencing joy's life here. But everything I learn about her and her culture makes me appreciate life even more. Not because of the things that I have back home, but the realization of the things that I don't need. And a new appreciation for the simple and beautiful things sitting right in my lap. I just wanted to leave you guys with a comment that really touched me today from Chris Light. Your dream story and your vlog helped me find my Filipina and I thank you from my heart. You gave me hope and strength to start a new life with a new beautiful soul. I'm 48 years old like you and we have similar paths in life. You helped me go abroad to find my joy. I went there on Christmas to propose to her in Chargo Island. She didn't know that, but it's because of you. I just want to thank you for your gentle inspiration. It's the most magical moment in life when you feel really loved without effort to be somebody else.