 Hello, good morning, good evening and welcome to Big World Cinema. Without further ado, we'll continue with what you're here for. And now that we're monetized, please don't skip the ads. Thank you. So this video is all about senior travel and claiming discounts on public transport, diners and hotels. I've read so much BS about what seniors are entitled to or not in the Philippines. Before you start wetting your incontinence pants and threatening me with your zimmer frame, I need to make a disclaimer that as a foreign senior and not a citizen of this country, you are not actually entitled to anything unless you hold a valid Filipino senior citizen ID card. But also there are many transport and travel companies, including buses and ferries, plus dining and hotel establishments, that as a senior will give you a discount, regardless of whether you are a Filipino or a foreigner. In the Philippines, students, seniors and PWDs are entitled to a 20% discount on public transport. I have claimed many a discount as a senior whilst travelling on buses, just by showing my alien registration card. No, I'm not doing anything illegal. No, I'm not claiming anything I shouldn't be. I am a senior. That is the truth. I'm not saying that I'm a senior citizen of the Philippines. I am saying that I'm a senior. They can all recognise that by my big nose anyway. If they want to honour that and give me a discount, then fair play, Governor. On the buses when I say I'm a senior, normally they don't ask for ID and give me a discount rate anyway. Throughout my travel was over the past three months. I've had no trouble getting a discount on the buses. Here we go on the road. Buying ferry tickets, they will look at my ACR card as you need to show ID when buying a ticket anyway and they will write down your date of birth. You can also show your passport, but I carry a photocopy of my passport in my wallet and show that. If you don't have an ACR card, which you need to purchase if your stay in the Philippines exceeds 59 days, then show your passport. You just need to show proof of age basically. Yeah, senior. You want a senior? Yeah. Where you from? I'm from the Philippines. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, oh, oh. Hello. I can't check it for the whole place. I'm in 165, so for a senior. Thank you. Morning. Good day for a senior. Okay, we're going back home. It's really nice to meet you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Bye. What's your name, lovely lady? My name is Rachel. Welcome to the hall. Thank you very much. And the right-door news, sir. Thank you. This is the right-door nationality. What do you think my nationality is? What do you think I'm from? You go. You go. You go. You go. You say it with this? It's free. With this. There we go. Okay. You got it. You got it. Where am I going? Come here again. Where is that? Where is that? There we go. Okay. You got it. You got it. You got it. Where am I going? Come here again. Where is that? So I'm a senior. I'm a senior. I'm a senior. Sorry. I didn't. I didn't. You have I didn't. I don't know. Why do you know? I think I'm senior. You are only 30. 30. 37. Ah, you are very sweet. You're very sweet. I don't know what I'm talking about. No, they're all laughing now because, I'm okay. You're photographing my ID. What are you going to do with that? I'm going to be photographing myself. What is it? I'm going to be photographing myself. I'm going to be photographing myself. What? I'm going to be photographing myself. I don't know. I don't know. So, this is our rule. I'm going to need to keep it. I'm going to have to have this. I'll put you a second picture for you. Yeah. So that you can keep it. For you to have this. So, you can put it in your wallet. My photograph and your wallet. I'm joking with you. You can put this as well. Oh, let's go together. Let's go together. Let's go together. Come with me now. Oh, I lost my ticket. I know. I know. Bye, Sophie. Bye. Bye. Bye. Don't miss out on quality broadcasting. Please like, share and subscribe to Big World Cinema. Thank you. Some ferry companies will only accept for the Pino seniors. When I travelled recently on Ocean Jet from Sabu to Beholl and Beholl to Duma Getty, they wouldn't give me a discount as a foreigner. But all other ferry companies did. At hotels, I've had mixed success. In CDO, I thought that Mindenau didn't give discount to foreign seniors at all, as my hotel would only accept for the Pino seniors. But then I tried a restaurant which had a sign for a senior discount price. And they gave me 25% of my meal while showing my ACR card. Hotels have strange rules. You'd think that hotels would rather you pay them directly in cash rather than putting the booking through booking.com or a goda. But that's not always the case. Whenever I'm travelling, when I used to do was book my first night online. As I'm generally in one city or island for at least a week, if I like the place, I would extend. Or as I'm a fussy bugger, I check other hotels in the vicinity and move elsewhere. Then I realised that A, you can get a senior discount by asking at reception, which you can't get through booking.com or a goda. And B, hotels have different rates on different sites. Now I rock up at a hotel, check the rate, ask if they have a senior discount. Then either pay cash or book online. In CDO, when I turned up at a hotel, they wouldn't give me a senior discount, as I wasn't a Filipino citizen. But their rate online was actually cheaper than what the senior discount would have been anyway. So I just stood there and booked the room online. Then spent the next week re-booking my room online each day. Checking what the price was around 8pm. But most of the time, booking it around 11am when it was even cheaper. You got to realise that every place is different, which is a bit of a faff. You just got to know that there are different options available, when it's better to book online or pay the hotel directly. You need to be careful though at the weekends when most domestic travel happens. Hotels can get booked up and rates are often more expensive. If a hotel does raise its prices at the weekend, you could check the price online and book three or four nights from Thursday onwards at a lower rate. At a hotel I stayed in at Duma Getty recently, they said they didn't offer a weekly rate. But actually, I could book seven nights on booking.com and get a discounted rate anyway. But I just didn't want to stay there the seven nights. Can you have a... Are you sure? Yep. Let's either that or you can have mine. Thank you. Thank you very much. So what's the price if I want to extend my stay? How much is it if I want to extend my stay? This is a rate for... Oh gosh. So I've had lots of senior discounts at hotels in the Philippines. When I first started travelling around the Philippines three months ago, I didn't even know that senior discount for foreigners was an option. In Behold and the beach, I got a room reduced from 1200 to 800 pesos. As I said, I was a senior and I'd stay four days. On Kamegan Island, I got a room for 500 pesos, reduced from 800 pesos. As I said, I'd be there for four days and eventually stayed a week. I've just arrived in Duma Getty. At the first hotel I inquired at, they wouldn't offer a discount to foreigners. At the second place, they would. But discount worked out at 950 pesos. As opposed to 911 pesos through booking.com anyway. The hotel would then give me the same rate each day, paying in cash rather than booking online. So I extended for three more nights. But then their rates increased for the weekends, so I needed to look elsewhere. I don't want to pay more than 1,000 pesos a night. And at that price, you're on a fine line. You have limited options. If you just increase your budget a little to around 1,500 pesos, you have far more options. But hey, I'm a senior. I'm on a budget. And with the UK government planning on moving the goalposts, i.e. the pensionable age back a few years at the time I should be getting it. I might be 80 before it kicks in. Unless I kick the bucket before I'm entitled to it. At my most recent place in DumaGatey, the room rate is 1,250 pesos. Which I would never pay. But I got a 20% discount, so I'm paying 1,000 pesos. I have a free breakfast and great balcony views. And the room's colour scheme looks like it was painted by Picasso on pot, so it's worth every peso. I've got more irritable as I've aged. Little things such as my internet not working, phone not working. My online date not responding to my message. These all throw me over the edge nowadays. I'd sort one thing out one day at a time, which is fine when you're living in a condo or have a stable home and you've got plenty of time to deal with things. But whilst travelling, things can get pretty techy when you're carrying your possessions on your back and feeling travel weary. I'd become even more irritable whilst travelling when things don't go as planned. It's one, it's one. Is it express? Is it express? Is it fast? What's the difference between this one and that one? What the hell? Why not this one? Yeah. What's that? Yeah. Yeah, there was a difference. You get it? The difference. Why is this leaving now? Is it express? Is it fast? You've all been down. Bhutan. Bhutan. Is it express? Is it fast? What's the stuff? How many? How many? How many? How many? How many? How many stops? You would say that. How many stops? Full stops. Full stops. Full. Full. Oh so it's not fast. So different one is better. No, no stop. It's starting. It's time, no. No, no stop. No, no stop. Yeah. Really fast. Is it? Yeah, you would say that, wouldn't you? That's fast. Why are you on this bus or not on the other bus? Is this going to be a fast bus? Yes. Fast bus. But why is he laughing then? He was on the bus. Go back because we have speed limit. Sorry? 80... 80 kmph. Okay. You have speed limit. No speed limit. Yeah, I like your humour. And so, we are going to eat the cake. We are going to eat the bus. What's the name of the bus? The bus? The bus? The bus? The bus? The bus? The bus? The bus? The bus? The bus? The bus? The bus? The bus? The bus? Yeah. Okay, come on, bus station. Come on, friend. How much? All the number of bus? 1, 2, 1. Yeah. 2, 2, bus station is a special trip. It is a minimum price going to 50. Yeah. How much is it? 200? How much is it? Go away. Go away. No, I don't want to go with you because you're a chasing man. Go away. Go away. Go away. You're a chasing man. How much? How much? Go away. Bit muddy trash. Jesus. Very muddy. When I was younger, I'd travel for months on end to different countries. My travel overnight on lengthy train journeys, all day on uncomfortable buses. Unable to sleep on beds in overnight, sleepers afraid that someone might make off with my crown jewels. I can't do that anymore. On a trip around southern India in 2018, I realised I couldn't chop and change each night, packing up and moving to a new destination. I was past all that. Glad that the concept of slow travel had become prominent as I reached senior age, which I would wholeheartedly embrace. It becomes tiring negotiating fares with trikes. Travelling in trikes, took-tooks, motorbike taxis. Look at this. Fuck's sake. Now I stay at least a week in each place before moving on. But how long can you keep traveling before you burn out and feel trouble weary? Two months is the answer. Then I settled into an Airbnb in Devour for Christmas and didn't budge for two and a half weeks. But traveling as a senior, meeting new people, seeing new places, keeps you youthful and young at heart as you mix with people of all ages. Back home in the UK, I went back to study in my mid-50s. But was always conscious of the age gap between myself and the young upstarts. In Asia, you aren't judged according to your age. Older people are looked up to in Asia. They think it's great what you're doing, traveling around. Mixing with younger people is good for you. Makes you feel young for your age, which at the same time is great for your mental health. And helps you live longer. Hopefully, wish you'll see. Just watching the video is pointless unless you subscribe. It's like going to London and not visiting King Charles at his home. You look great in uniform, you shouldn't be hiding. Hey, don't worry about it. I'm going to get you a new uniform. I'm going to get you a new uniform. I'm going to get you a new uniform. I'm going to get you a new uniform. Hi, good morning. Good morning, how are we? Morning. You're being judged? I'm okay. I love it when a lady frisk me. I hope. The days are brighter. When someone loves his side yet. Even the nights are better. I love you. Alright yea, your good morning. See you later! I love you guys! If you like the video please could you like, share and subscribe. Don't forget to ding the notification bell to see my video before your friends. I'll see you on the next video. Take care everyone.