 n calculated R некоторые Nua, a shudda said, a i mbug, sabi gaut, dint mordi ni i ilo kano. Mordi. Mordi, mordi. Mordi, mordi. Mordi, mordi. Mordi, mordi. Mordi. Ok. Si locus norte, si faigoodpud. Kasa consuelo, ond'ha fara tipa bula gud. Ta bring posalsoa Suраш- Da hifies tra du saviyam,くosphoree tsull Highnessh Agaron ptl Laieya, красивailiul afumaan Jocque de la Bia C'est un natural sound The waves are coming in, it's so beautiful If you come here to put a good put and you come to blue the goon I really love staying up here This part of the beach area You can see, maybe five minutes past the main white beach Walking But it's so peaceful here You may not get the perfect white sand But you get this amazing kind of ambience in the morning And these two massive rocks I'm gonna go climb up now Pop doors for matters So stage one is complete, walk through the ocean Stage two, climb up the south of this massive rock Little bit of rock scrambling in the morning And Yes Team Omega Team morning Oh, okay team name box to be got Is that correct? Yes Is there going to be a big adventure in person? I'm leaving all these guys at the peak It's having a moment Yeah I don't want to ruin the moment Anyways guys, in the meantime you'll see people come up here in the climb and they take photos But I want to share with you a quick story This is called Dost Romano These two islands actually means two brothers And basically there's a story or kind of folklore That two brothers who were fishermen And were very very close, never wanted to be separated They went out one day and they ended up getting lost at sea And then the locals, they came out here one day They saw these two islands popping up together And they are the two brothers who never going to be separated So Dost Romano's Little bit of a folklore with these two islands We're very cool to climb up Definitely a fun place to go up with Mark out in the morning Wake up here in Bula Goon Or to have an e-mo moment Like this guy here, feeding e-mo Ok, no man Yes, tell the guy No, not crying It's ok Yes, we met yesterday Hang out, hang out, see you down there Ok, what you're looking at is a seaweed omelette This omelette is made of seaweed I've never had that before and it is incredible I've actually already eaten one Seaweed omelette With long anise It's a little bit very good Ok, what you're looking at is a seaweed omelette This omelette is made of seaweed I've never had that before And it is incredible, I've actually already eaten one Seaweed omelette With long anise It's a little bit very good It's so beautiful today But say that Those are clouds full of rain They're heading this way So I'm going ahead Down and around and that way Let's go to Laouac City And Let's get myself set Because tomorrow it's back to the mountains Bye bye, Kazakhstan's well over Bye Bula Goon Hello, I'm Locust Norte Those are solar powered lamppost Genius Actually here in Locust Norte You'll find a lot of green energy The windmills It's all about our lamppost Green environment The sun is shining So many windmills It's just surreal, let me tell him You know what? I love this I think it's so cool These massive windfills here in Bangi along the coast And this drive I've driven all over the Philippines I think it's really, really special coming to this section And to see these massive turbines everywhere I know that sometimes people look at these and think Oh, it's an ice sword But because it's so diverse and unique in the Philippines I think it just adds flavor to the area And Green energy It's not even windy season They're moving Imagine a windy season Holy smokes The Bangi windmills The windmill highway Let's keep going for Laouac Haha The Bangi windmill It's just a natural windmill It's just a natural windmill It's just a natural windmill It's just a natural windmill It's just a natural windmill It's just a natural windmill It's just a natural windmill It's just a natural windmill It's just a natural windmill It's just a natural windmill It's just a natural windmill It's just a natural windmill It's just a natural windmill I am really, really, really, really lucky It's just happened 30 seconds After I got to Laouac City Superland And not only that I'm also at the Clueless Cafe in the North Check the zone That's right That's right Yeah, it's like 1960s, it's super cool And I'm going to work and have coffee And then maybe go it's night And Laouac can just chill And then whether it's okay And we'll see So coffee work been initiated Oh yes, thank you Thank you Did you get me? Yeah, sure My bodyguards are back No, I didn't I don't think that's him, no Where is he? In the desk, no That's him Oh, that's him, no, I meant him really Yeah, yeah I said, hey, hey, hey He said hi Yeah, I said hi, of course, check out That's him, yeah Oh yeah, my friends are back Hello, friends We're back on the vlog You're back in the vlog Oh no It's for the running Xavier My friends who work in tourism in Okas, Norte Basically, it was raining all afternoon So we're just going to go strong Very strong So we're just going to chill and eat some dinner And then maybe last time we just eat something And show up, we said we're cool Again, again Yeah, yeah, again All right, rock on Look at that church Sink, it's a sinking church, right? All right, guys I know it's your favorite, Ilokas Norte tandem Actually, it's just my friends Carloxel Yeah, they're choice I told it, I blogging everything So basically, we're just hanging out tonight But we came to Paloite Church to get in which I love in the evening Because we're going to eat at a restaurant that's over there Called Smoke It's called Smoke But basically, 20,000 years of history, go, what is this? But Gabe, oh, it's Paloite Church It's basically the earthquake church You can see it's so massive And it's been standing here for almost 400 years Yeah, so it's longer than your love life And it's quite a lot for you in that school Yeah, we're on that edge side There you go, done I like that one Longer than your love life I just came around That was good, that was a good one, man Okay, we're going to eat this smoke It's a good restaurant And taking the children's home tonight Because I'm going to the mountains tomorrow So, let's do it I like this You're really nice at entrance, right? I don't know What's your last night? Yeah, just never What do you love about leaving the handle? I love how everywhere you walk around in Iloco There's nothing There's really a lot more Historic Spain or something Correct, am I correct and say it now? Yeah, it's Spanish from the deal Spanish from the deal though Sorry, hey What do you guys say? We're going to see So this is really good, Basi This is really good, Basi? Yeah, I think it's spicy No, it's not I don't trust you though What is the name of this Basi? It's called Basi Puro Basi Puro Diablo? No If made, the company is Basi Del Diablo This brand is called Basi Puro So what's happened is I've been given this really good Basi What is this? Basi That Basi Diablo? Puro Basi Puro Basi Puro, meaning So it's pure Basi Made by a company in Baton called Basi Del Diablo Okay Oh, that's a nice, nice It tastes like natural This is really nice There it is, Basi Puro So this is sugar cane wine I like this Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you All right, what is this? So this is my version, my take on a local disc called Poké Poké Which is eggplant Peppers, sorry onions and tomatoes And I call mine Smoké Poké Smoké Poké Because I smoke the eggplant before I make it And it's very tasty It has a song, right? No It has a song It has no song Seeing it Do you smoke the Poké And you smoke yourself about But it's all about Yeah That was awesome All right, what you're going to see is Lying Poké Poké But Smoké Poké They call it A really good slab of pork belly Some lamb A cauliflower that's smashed up like mashed potatoes And then there is some bassy still there we've been having it This place is really good I'm going to show you some of that And then I want to eat So smoke restaurant How are you, Church? It's fine This is a... Sorry guys, just look at this It's a beautiful piece for now Powai Powai at night It's quite cold Yeah It's really nice right now Look at this It's like nobody around It's only 9.30 There's nobody here Smoké's on the second floor here All right, next to the church Beautiful building Beautiful locust nerds ample Let's talk to you back in bed So I can wrap up this day It's been a chill day Are you just dancing in the background? Yeah, nice Exhaustly If you ever see Xavier in a locust nerds day He's from the provincial tourism office, he's my friend He's very, very good at this knowledge in history He can teach you lots of stuff It's true though It's true This is a... All right, let's get out of here I'm going to go to the church I'm going to go to the church I'm going to go to the church I'm going to go to the church I'm going to go to the church I'm going to go to the church I'm going to go to the church I'm going to go to the church I'm going to go to the church