 Hello everyone, many misalana. Welcome to my YouTube channel. So for this video, I will gonna be reacting to the video that I have found on my recommendation page, which is the video title of Manila and Jakarta 2020, the capital love, the Philippines and Indonesia. So in this video, this is a comparison video within the two capital cities of the countries of Philippines and Indonesia. And credits all to the video creator of this video, which is the YouTube channel of Asia Skyline Channel. So please kindly subscribe to their YouTube channel because they created a wonderful video and it was uploaded way back April 13th, 2020. So before we start this video, please don't forget to like and subscribe to my YouTube channel and click the notification bell beside the subscribe button to be notified for my future reaction videos. And then please don't forget to follow me on my Instagram account, I will put it down here. And these are all my social media accounts. And then if you have any video suggestions for me to react to on the future, just comment down below or DM me on my Instagram account. Just, unfortunately, I will be replying to all of your comments and your DMs on my social media accounts. So without further ado, let this video started. Manila, the capital of the Philippines. So that is the Mall of Asia, one of the largest of the Philippine malls. And that is the Mall of Asia Arena located in Pasay City down to Metamanila. So as you can see, there are so many buildings and roundabouts in Mall of Asia Arena. And that is the University of San Dota Mas, our University of St. Thomas. Yes, pregnant from wrong, sorry if I stayed it wrong. This is the Philippine Arena. Actually, this is in Bolacán and it is not located in the Philippines. So it means there are some errors, but this is not located in Manila. So that is the oval. So in this video, I will be saying that what is the location or where is the location of this particular... We can see on the videos about Manila. And this is the Makati. As you can see, there are no electrical lines on the side of the roads. And it is look very clean. And this time, I think this was filmed before the pandemic. And there are a lot of Chinese nationals living and working in Makati. And that is our MRT. Sorry, that is our MRT. Sorry, our metro rail transit number three located in Edsa. And this I think is Makati or BGC, which is the BGC or one of our business districts in Manila. As you can see, there are so many lights and there are so many buildings there. And the lights are looking good. Next is Jakarta, the capital city of Indonesia. Look at the roads, it is well-faved. And there are some trees beside on the road and there is the main island and run about in this location. So I have watched about Jakarta versus Bangkok. So you can watch it here and just click it after the video. Please watch this video first before you enter the Bangkok versus Jakarta comparison video. As you can see, there is no traffic. Like it is an expressway. And it really looks good. This is one of the Jakarta's business districts located in Jakarta. Look at the roads, guys. There are no cracks. It is just well-faved and very clean looking. And they have a bus transit system on the right side of the lanes. So that is a good form of transportation. Which is fastened up the destination time to your dedicated location you want to travel. And this is one of New stadiums. I have saw this on my past video on Bangkok versus Jakarta in the stadium is Yomongguz. And this specific scene, it is very amazing. Look at the sidewalk, it is very spacious as you can see. Like so many people can walk beside and here. And there are only few people walking. And I think this is their MRT subway. And it is one of highly technological advancements when it comes to the subway system. And that is Jakarta when in nighttime. And it is very amazing. The sea of the lights and the condominiums and buildings and the cars and the roads. Just everything lighting as you can see is amazing. Wow, so basically this is it. So guys, I am done watching this video of Manila and Jakarta 2020, the capital of Philippines and Indonesia. So in this video, it is a comparison video I guess. We don't really compare on this. In this video, we will be getting to know each other's countries, capital cities and amazing buildings, tapasians, roads, transportation, cars, buildings, etc. So many. And then Manila and Jakarta is an amazing capital city in both of the countries. And both cities have unique nest with it. And it has different levels of urbanization and development that is occurring in our cities, specifically to our countries, Indonesia and the Philippines. Overall, this is a very good video that was made by the Asia Skyline Channel. So Kodost, their YouTube channel, their YouTube video creator of this video that I have reacted to. So this is my reaction, guys. If you enjoyed this video, please don't forget to like and subscribe to my YouTube channel. And click the notification bell beside the subscribe button to be notified for my future video upload. And also don't forget to follow me on my social media accounts on Twitter, on TikTok and on Instagram. I will put it down here. And guys, please don't forget to comment and suggest some videos you want me to react to in the future. More about the comparison of the countries and more about their culture, their food, what else? The history of each other's country. And guys, feel free to comment about what is the performance of the videos that you have watched and did you enjoy. And yeah, if you reached this last part of this video, just comment, we are a sayon brothers and sisters. So just comment, sayon. So that's it guys, this is the end of this video. So thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed and see you on my next reaction video upload. Peace out. Bye guys.