 Hello everyone! Hey guys, remember back on Tuesday when Roman I went for that scooter ride and we found that market that was then I think was called Zamburgita. Zamburgita. So it was a very nice market but it was not open on Tuesday so it's open once a week on Wednesdays. So the next day Wednesday, guess where we went, back to Zamburgita. So it's a very nice market and a lot of vegetables there and the prices were really good. Yes, they're a lot cheaper and fresh. Yeah and distance wise for us to go from here to Duma Gedi or here to Zamburgita in time, it's the same time but there's just no traffic out that way. No traffic at all. Yeah, the road is four lanes wide and it's just clear sailing all the way there. So we went back with the scooter and we picked up vegetables. So we think we're going to go back every two weeks to get our vegetables, right? Yes, it's definitely worth it. It's definitely worth it. So we had a good time. So we also noticed they had a lot of garden utensils there. So it's got of a funny story. We wanted to get what we call in the US, a hoe, H-O-E, and Wilma kept saying, I don't think they call it a hoe. So I said that I was going to do a thumbnail for this video to say my search for a hoe, but Wilma said I wasn't allowed to do it. So we went down to Zamburgita and I didn't see any but I was asking a few of the vendors there. And all they are is little bamboo huts that they just bring their goods to and they had bowlows and different machetes and things like that. So I didn't see any hoe. So I'm trying to explain to like three different vendors because she kept saying, don't say the word hoe. So I'm saying a garden utensil, it's shaped like this and you strike down to the dirt. And then finally one of the ladies says, oh, you're looking for a hoe. So we found out that they do call that garden utensil a hoe. We did find it and we bought it. So it works real nice. I won't show that today on the update. Something small, but we had fun with it because you kept saying, don't say the word. And it's very hard to try to explain that you want to buy something when you can't use the actual word of the item. But it's real nice and we already used it down at the garden and when we show you how the garden is doing, we'll show you our purchase. So we had a real good day yesterday. Yes, we have our friend Sandy and Ellen. Yes. Just Sandy's birthday yesterday. Yes, we had a good time here. Yeah, we had nice lunch and then we went swimming and then we all went to Atlantis for dinner. So Sandy, happy birthday once again. And we had a real real good time. So also a quick update with John. John continues to improve when we go back and forth and messaging on Facebook Messenger. And he's definitely doing better and we're going to get down there and see him this week. So we get a chance to visit. We also been real busy. We went down and saw Kelly, our friend Kelly's house. Yes. What a beautiful home. And I know Kelly watches our channel all the time. He's been up here. Remember he came up with that snake device that tried to get the wires through to remember Sandy. And he's a construction guy. So he knows a lot about construction and he's getting very close to moving his home. And he's probably three quarters of the way down the mountain on our roads, the road that we take. So we go by his house all the time. So we stopped in here today and he was showing us his home inside. Wow. Amazing. So I want to try to do some video. I haven't talked them about it. I don't know what he feels like about me video in his house. But if he's okay with it, I'd love to show it because it's absolutely gorgeous. And I think you guys would really enjoy taking a look at it for sure. So last night what we did when we went down to Atlantis because we were here until dark. And then we went down to Atlantis for dinner. We turned on all our lights out front and we added them all up and it's 27 lights. Yes. If you add the four solar, you know, the ones down by the end of the property and then all the lights by the house and on the columns. It's 27 lights. We turn every one of them on and went down for dinner. And then we said, hey, when we come up the mountain, there's got to be an area that's clear. And we know of one spot where we say we think we see our home because we can see like white beams. And heck, it's got to be, I think we measured at six kilometers away. Yes. It's about six kilometers away. Yes. Six kilometers down the mountain. There's kind of a clearing and you can see the side of the mountain. We always say, hey, that white spot on the mountain, it has to be our house. So we turned all the lights on and then when we came back, it was, I don't know, nine o'clock. Yeah, nine p.m. last night. So obviously dark. And when we got to that spot, we looked up on the mountain. It was a clear night and boy, did we see the home? Yes. It was lit up like a, geez, like a Christmas tree. So we could definitely see the lights. So we thought that was, that was fun. So we've been keeping ourselves busy doing projects here and there. And we're going to go out there and show you some of the small things that we've done. So let's, yeah, you don't, you don't forget to talk about the cobo plan. Oh, yeah, yeah, we've been talking more and more about our cobo. Or we going to do one or not. I mean, we're 50, 50 right now on it. I want to make sure that the bamboo is treated. I don't want to buy a cobo where the bamboo is not treated and then attract a lot of bugs. What they call them, buck, buck, buck. Yeah. So we don't want that. So one we want to treat it, of course, prices and other concern. And then I think we have the perfect area. So we kind of mapped it out a little bit. We're going to show you that on today's update. But then lastly, we're not sure if it really goes with the modern theme. What is a native cobo? And it's away from the house. I think it would fit nicely. So we're still thinking about it. It's just going to give us another area for shade. Plus when we have people over, we have more area to sit again in the shade. So we're still thinking about it. We're about 50, 50 on it. And obviously we don't want to just purchase from the first business that we see. We want to go to two or three like we've done with everything else. We always go with a minimum of like three different vendors or companies to try to just get an education, to get prices. And see what they have the offer. Things may be a little different. Maybe we can get a better deal just by going to more places. So we'll probably hit two more cobo places because they make them all over the place. Yes, I've seen them all over. There's one in the lunch hall. So, Sebulan. And right outside of Duma Gatties. So there's four right there. So we'll probably hit all four of them just to, you know, just to get a better education, get prices and things like that. So let's get out to the front of the house and show you guys some updates. All right. The rainy season is here. But last couple of days, not too bad. It was blue skies most of the day today. The clouds are just starting to roll in a little bit. And I took a couple of photos earlier today of how the ocean looked. And again, always live is so much better than a photo. So it's a nice view here, but I just want to show you quickly what Oppo Ireland looked like just a couple of hours ago. And that was the first time that the ocean looked like that. Right now, it's just look like a blue gray. But earlier today, it was all streaked all the way from here, all the way across with blue and gray and blue and gray. I don't know if that salt water coming in at a different level of salt. I just don't know, but it was all streaked. And, you know, I caught my eye. So I took a couple photos. And I'm probably going to have to get a better camera because you guys know I used my Samsung phone to do videos. It was just absolutely amazing. So this is holding up real good, the patio paint. Really holding up nice. We're so happy we did it. Remember guys, we're going to do another coat here because it's a little streaky. It's not bad. It looks, I think it looks good, but we did buy another gallon. So we're going to go ahead and do another coat on this. And we could have done it today. But we just was goofing off and went for a ride in the truck. I wanted to show you, I have the pool pump off. Typically when I show you videos, the pool pump is on. And that gives you know a little bit of a ripple into the water. Just look at the clarity of the water. That's at six foot deep right there. So see the mosaic tile. I mean if you threw one peso down there, you could see it. This water is just so easy. A lot of people ask about it. And on our livestream they asked about how much maintenance is it. We've been lucky. It's no maintenance. I run the pump two, three hours a day. Like I said before and I put a chlorine in it twice a week. And I put about six to eight ounces. And it's just, it stays very, very clear. And then a few people said if you get a lot of rain, which we have lately, it'll throw off the pH. And the pH hasn't moved from the day we put the water in it. 7.2 every time I test it. So one of the things I think I mentioned shortly is, Wilma had to peel off the coating that we put here. You can see the difference from here to here. This cured the waterproofer, the sealer, the clear sealer. Just with all the rain, it just would not cure. And then it started to bubble a little bit. So just like, you know, if you got real white skin and you get a real bad sunburn, like I have many times in my lifetime, and your skin peels off, that's exactly how this came off. So we got most of it off. And then I got in here with the power washer, and it took the rest of it off. So this is just raw concrete, just like the driveway. You can see it's a little wet here because I washed the truck today. That's the cleanest truck in Dallin. I clean it like every day because now we don't have a lot of projects. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to give the camera to Wilma. And I'm just going to show you because this is a Wilma suggestion for the Kubo. And I think it's a great idea because you can see this is our ocean view right here, all the way across. So if we put a Kubo here, it would only be blocking. If I go straight onto it, it would be out this way. So we'd be blocking views this way, and this is our neighbor's home over there being built. Not a bad idea, right? And then even if we go up to the car port, or if I jump up on our two meter overhang, right, it would be right about here where the Kubo roof would be. It's like say we're my hand this way. Wouldn't block any view at all, even at the corner of the house here. So this area would definitely work. And then when I was also thinking there is electric run to this column right here coming down the column is electric. So what I could do is on this side, is come across and come down and would have to be patched, of course, and repainted. I could run conduit here in the dirt down to the middle and come up into the Kubo and have electric in the Kubo. And it wouldn't cost much to do because it's really easy to run in the dirt. So again, there's electric right here. So I'm going to turn the camera over to the boss, and then she's going to allow me to show how big this Kubo is in the area that we're thinking about putting it. Alright, so first before I show you the dimensions of the Kubo, I just want to say, Willem will pick my clothes out today. I usually pick out my clothes. She bought me about six pairs of these shorts, and I haven't been wearing them. So like I said, we went down and did some errands today. So she goes, I want you to start wearing, I usually wear solid shorts. So just take a look at these shorts. It looks like I should just live in Miami and put sandals on with black socks and just get it over when they move downtown on Miami. And then for more, maybe wear a red shirt. So the Kubo that we looked at, the one that was a little smaller, was nine foot wide and seven foot deep. So nine foot. It's right here. This is nine foot. So this is how wide it is. That's perfect. Absolutely perfect. And we would probably have the Kubo close to the driveway. We want to run it right onto the driveway because then back and out with the truck would be an issue. So we'd have it offset maybe two feet from the edge of the driveway. And then I would just make some concrete steps leading from the Kubo down. And then seven foot deep. It's not a problem. So say we go two feet. And then another seven. That's right here. Seven foot. So it's totally plenty of rain because there isn't overhang. Right? It was like 18 inch overhang off the back. So let's call it two more feet of overhang. So two feet overhang would take it to here. So then the rain water would run and drop right here and go right down the best line. So really that seven foot by nine foot Kubo would be perfect in this area. So like I said, we're still considering it. And we'll let you guys know what we decide. So this is the tool I was talking about. I called it a hoe. And we were trying to find it with a metal handle. This seems to be the tool of choice here for gardens. They use it for basically going around and digging. We found two different types of thin one and a wide one. So we went ahead and bought the wide one. So it has this big steel pipe. So I think they wanted 850 pesos, but we offered them 700 and he took it. Probably should have offered less. But they took it right away. And you can see it's all steel, but they welded it. And a lot of them that you see here is bamboo handles. And we didn't want that because watching the guys use it here during the construction. They were constantly working on fixing the bamboo. So we wanted to try to find metal and we got very lucky. So this was the garden utensil that we've been searching high and low for for quite some time. So for those of you who do not live in the Philippines and have not seen heavy rain. And I'm, you know, again, it rains hard in other countries as well. But this is a fence. And if I walk up to this fence, it's, I'm going to say it's about close to six feet, a little under six feet. Look at the water line from the rain the other night. Look at the ground and look at the water line. The water from just one rain storm went, that's two feet guys. From there to there, easy two feet. Water line. One storm. And it rained. I'm going to say three hours. And the rain comes, there's our house. Obviously comes down this way. And just made a wall of water. And remember, I told you guys that the pressure of the water, a lot of fences will actually topple over the concrete fences. Because the walls, because of the amount of water. So you can see how much. So there is wee poles here. But the obviously must be clogged. So now that makes me think I need to go check my wee poles and make sure that they're not clogged. So when we get, you know, big storms, we're not going to have any issues. So I just wanted to show you. That's one storm about three hours of rain. Alright, our neighbor's worksite. And they're sandy, following us around. So two story home, making a lot of progress. So they have, looks like all the columns on the first floor. And then the second floor, the floor is concrete. And it looks like I believe they're done pouring the columns on the second floor. So now they're starting to form up the beams for the second floor. And then this is another lot that friends with the Russian couple. Ukrainian guy, his name is Alex. I met him several times, very nice guy. So it looks like he's getting ready. Because they just cut down all the brush. And I'm going to assume that means they're getting ready to do some work here. So I could be another home in this area, being built soon. Take a look, this is going to be a big house. Real big house. And I believe they're good friends. And they're going to build a pool right here. I believe it's going to be on the property line. And they're going to share it. One pool for two homes. That's my understanding. But look how big that house is. Two story. Wow. Looking really nice. So the guys are definitely making progress. And a lot of you guys said, hey, show us the progress. Let me zoom in. Look at all that cocoa lumber. Man, there's a lot of cocoa lumber. They're going to build the form wall out up. And when they pour, they pour a lot at one time. So they spend a lot of time getting it all formed up. And then they come in. And basically we'll pour it all. It seems like they do it all in one day or maybe two days. So they may go a whole week with no concrete work. And they're getting all the forms together. Trying to do the whole level of the house at the same time. So definitely getting some movement here in our subdivision. And subscriber. One of our subscribers bought these two lots. That's my understanding. So someday it will be one home here. Second home. Third home. Then one in between us. And then us. And then there's one lot on the other side. So nice progress, huh? Getting a lot done. And it looks like they got their temporary electric. And then just like we did, they buried their line as well, which is real smart to this pole. And I believe that that transformers for the owner of the subdivision. Because he wants to have his own electricity over in this area. So there'll be another transformer here at some point. Or actually two transformers because of the two homes here. So definitely some movement. And nice progress on our neighbor's home.