 What are you doing to your new bed, Jake? What happened to you, new bed? Huh. Yes, I think you'll go down. Go down. Go down. Good boy. Oh, go down. Stay. Good boy. Oh, my lip. Well, how could you new video? We're going to be doing a little bit different episode today. We're going to showcase you a little bit about my life in the city. All the way from travel, because I've been doing a lot of the errands, organization before the next trip, like I've been mentioning. So, let's show you guys a pretty simple day that we do here, while we're in the city. We'll start up by wishing you a good day. So, give me a little bit of warm water. And then it'll be fine. Time to wash Jake. Jake, give me a little bit of warm water. Jake, give me a little bit of warm water. Take some shampoo. This is a new playlist. You're carrying it. All right, shower is done. Time to dry it. It needs to shave. Hair cut. Now. So, we're standing at this insane place in Sypacetic called Rockwell 32. It has amazing facilities, beautiful condos, but only for a couple of days. And then we have a gigantic trip coming up for 10 days in Luzon. We're going to be announcing that very soon. Now, I want to exercise. So, let's do some swimming. Where are we going? We're going to the car. Yeah, let's go to the car. All right, so me and Jake and boy have finished gym running. Walking around, doing some errands, and answering. We may also have a lot of basic stuff we'd have to do with social media and all that. But now we're going to do something a little bit different. We're going to take the car to maintenance. He has reached 10,000 K.M. And then, Jake has to go to a vaccination. Well, no, his last one's taking good care of this boy. Are you going to be a good driver? Yeah, I know. Just take a left turn, Jake. And then to the right, and we'll be there. All right, we made it to Hyundai here in Cibusaria. We're going to do an oil check-up, changing a couple of things. We're going to cost 4,000 pesos or about 80, 85 US dollars. So, maintenance is pretty decent, I think. But an excellent service. So, we're going to go in the mean while me and Jake is going to take two hours, by the way. To the vet, getting vaccinated. One of his last shots. I'm going to take a taxi. All right, boy. We're having a half a lap. To the vet, you run. No, taxi. Half a lap, boy. That's a topic. I'll make friends in the big one. We're going to throw up our two streets to the past door to the wet. We're just going to get his vaccination. Half a half a rider. Jake, boy. Come here, Jake. All right, vaccination is done. Now we're going to walk to the process street and try to find a leash. Because look at this, guys. This leash is way too short. And I don't want to be pulling him all the time. So, something like a stance. It's my leash. Come on, Jake. Come on, boy. All right, we did a fun and a release for him. But we're going back to the hot guy to pick up the car. Back on half a lap. Let's go. Okay, go. All right. Always the best transport in the Philippines. Abbalaba. All right. All right, the car's red and it's finally been cleaned. Woo! Thank you, Guia. Wow, nice one. It's a very good pass. It's a little bit wet. Okay, okay. Thank you. Give it to Garz. Salamad. Wow. I've never seen him so clean. Wait, it's popcorn, do you want? No, it's mine. Yeah, sure, you can have that. All right, we just wrapped our store, boys. The first time we're going to the scene in mine. It's such a long time. Beside Frozen. The next time was going to be quiet, but good luck with that in the Philippines. So it's always music or karaoke somewhere. We're going to meet up with Anthony Todd. He's here at Sypuse, so I will message her. Let's go and say hi. She wants to see Jake. So we'll run Jake with us. Yay, let's go. There's no food there, Jake. There's no food there. Yeah, good boy. Yeah, let's go tour. Let's go get some food. Do you want a dog, Anthony? Do you have a dog, Anthony? I used to have a dog. Well, she's actually in the States right now. I think it's in the States. I think it's in the States right now. It's in the States. Wait, no, no, no, no. We're about to clean my camera gear. And that's probably going to be a little bit of a problem with this guy around. Stay there. Stay there, Jake. Thank you. All right, we're almost wrapped up the day. We had a very successful time with Jake. We're going to Hapa Lapa getting his vaccination. And now he only has one more left to go for his rapes. And then all the vaccination is done, and we can actually go beyond Region 7 of Sypuse Philippines. So we're very, very excited to go on the road trip. We initially thought we were going to do, but we want to follow the laws and all the regulations, be a good role model. Now you always see most of the time, see us traveling, showcasing beautiful places. But behind the scenes, there's a lot of work. One of them is actually taking care of my equipment, which is very, very important because without proper maintenance, you can actually destroy it. What we're doing now is spending a couple of hours cleaning the housings for the underwater. And even cleaning the sensor off my camera, because you guys have sometimes spotted like a black spot on there. So thank you for that. So we got a... Now with this underwater housing, we have to clean something that's called the O-Rick. Come here, baby Jake, come here. Which is like the seal of the camera, and holds all the leaks to prevent any water damages. So we're going to clean that up, put some moisture gel onto it, or silicone grease is called, put that back on. Rinse everything out, clean inside of the glass, as well. There's light over here. It has a... Has those rings as well. It's silicone grease rings, so we're going to clean that. Right now we're in Sypher city for a couple of days, and we're leaving in three or so days. And we'll be announcing where we're going to go. Well, should we do it just right now? We're going to Batanes! On the 14th, so we're just waiting for our flight because we're going to be bringing an extra luggage with us, and it's very hard to get approved heavy luggage, so 40 kilos, maybe 30 each person, because the flight track in Basque town is so small, so short that the airplanes are limited with the luggage. Now, why are we going back to Batanes? Well, there's a couple of spots we didn't film the last time, and we're also going to be filming something that's never been done before, I think. Never been. I don't think so. Very special series once again. J. is going to be babysitted by her... Isma, J. in the Makta. And he's sister. Sister is still there? Mm-hmm, once he's still there. That's good. What? That's tough. As well, camera equipment always breaks down, no matter how good quality. I broke my GoPro, self-stick yesterday, riding with Jake, so we got a new one. So it was really nice to meet Anthony last night as well. He's our biggest inspiration here in the Philippines when it comes to the environment. I'm sure he has known her since childhood. Everyone does here, but I only know her from her environmental project, and she's a person we look up to here in the Philippines. It's a Teliger. It's a block. Like all the artistes. So, I don't know how I'm going to open this one. That's going to be another obstacle today. So, travel is not always easy. It comes with its ups and downs. We've got to take care of our equipment, all of our luggage, and as you know, we are packed with stuff these days. We also got news we've got to move our other luggage. That's been stored. We'll find a new storage place. So, perhaps after a couple of months, we'll try to find a permanent home for like six to one year leash. So, we can actually just keep stuff in one place and not moving all the time. In the next video, I'm probably going to do a top 10 or like, top 12, 15 or something places to travel in the Philippines for 2020. I think there's a lot of new spots that have went to last year. So, I'm just going to do an updated video of that. Nothing crazy cinematic or showcasing all the clips. I just want to mention the best spots in my opinion to go to. So, stick around for that. And yeah, subscribe if you haven't. But, Tannis coming up. It's going to be epic series. Until next time, peace out. Peace out.