 Phew, it is hot in here! What's up Philippines? Welcome to my non air conditioned room, ice-fuckled, I know. But it also gives me a glow for this video that I needed. So welcome back to what's up Philippines, where I react to your videos. And I've been living in the Philippines for three years, if you missed it. I'm a travel blogger, my name is Melly. And yeah, I've seen quite a few really nice spots in the Philippines. And I also enjoyed living there. So today I am reacting to a very special video, reacting to somebody who I admire a lot and I love watching his videos. Heathery, very popular, Filipino, American, comedian. And his name is Jocoy. But, but, he's the but. We're not reacting today to one of his shows. We're reacting to him. Wait, what is it? We're reacting to Latinos, try Filipino food with Jocoy. So I'm very curious to see how this goes. It's a completely different format than I'm used to from Jocoy. But nevertheless, I just wanted to give it a try and see how it goes, especially how Latinos react to Filipino food. So let's just jump right into it. Here we go. Oh, I can do this all day. Want me to get this? Happy! Okay, there we go. ASMR baby. There it is, there it is. Here it comes. There he is. There's my co-ya. Welcome home, bro. See tonight, okay? I just got here. You got to follow your dream and become a beer spokesman. That was my dream. Let's go. I think that's the show that he started playing with. What is up, me too, fan. Welcome to Latinos Try. Today, we're going to try Filipino food with the one, the only Jocoy. Yes. Yes. This is the big one. I'm still happy to be here. Yes, I can't wait. We're going to talk about his new film, Easter Sunday, out August 5th, and try some Filipino food while we're at it. I'm going to be trying the Filipino version of the dish. I'm going to try Latino version. I love it. Let's go. All right, so to start off, we're going to do a champurrado. My favorite meal is a kid. Yours looks like a porridge, like a soup kind of. Yep. Okay, it's literally just rice. Essentially, this one, it's a hot chocolate, but it kind of has like masa from like tamales in there. So it's a thicker hot chocolate. There's this thing called on top. It's called nata, like what they forms like the skin. That's what that one has. It forms the skin. That's a two-poor. It is a two-poor. The top urado with nata. Oh my god. I used to have something so love, just with the name love. Oh, okay, you're going to love it. You're going to love it. I can't wait to see it. My question to you though is like, I feel like me personally, I usually have that during the holidays, because tamales and Christmas and all that. Do you guys have this year round? I have that on Monday, and then I also get it on Tuesday and Wednesday. Oh, I can do this all day. Want me to get this again? Nice. Over. Okay, there we go. Ace of Marble. There it is, there it is. Well, this is so, like I'm surprised this is like in restaurants. So we actually have also pozborones. Oh my god, really? Yes. Yo, that's nuts. So I noticed at the pozborones that you guys have this, you know, like cookies and cream. Yeah. Like a mint chocolate. There's different flavors. Yes, but we don't have that many flavors. It's usually like that and then there's ube. Oh, I saw the ube one. We like the ube one and there's usually little tiny rice crispies in there. But that one's the staple right there. That's the OG. Okay. How do you say brother in your mom? Your mom? You say. Your mom? Okay. Her mom. Her mom? Her mom. Cool. I don't feel bad about it. Well, we're seeing like a cookie. Yeah, it's, but it's just like the portable, the dust, the cookie dust is already, I can eat this whole thing. Are these also kind of like, they're like the crummy here? Completely different. Completely different. I mean, just the different. This is denser. Yeah, pozborones is like very dense. You're right. Right? They're definitely good. Here, we'll do it together. Ready? Okay. Take a bite. Wait, that one looks like a cookie. But pozborones is just like. This is at every party. Flower, but just a bit. I mean, our version is, and there's always like one auntie that specializes in this. Yeah. Like they all say it to like, oh, your auntie, your auntie is making the leche blind. And everyone goes, oh, we can't wait. If she was up all night making it. So that's our version. And this is somewhat close to my version. Yeah. All right, you go first. All right, I'm pretty sure it's going to kill. No. It's going to be fun. I will say this though. I can't explain it, but it's the same, but it's just a little different. I'm not that out. I think the 15 versions are a little bit sweet though. It's good. It's definitely like a, like a, like a brulee. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good, yeah. I don't know if they kind of like, maybe they kind of mixed it up a little more, like fluffed it up into a container. Yeah. But definitely does have like a more like fluffy, fluffy feel. This is more of a representation of the people. Really? Thank you for your time and, you know, sharing your insight on these crossover colladas between Latinos and Filipinos. Yeah, man. Anything you want to say out to the fans and the Latino sphere out here? You know what? Come see the movie. How's that? Boom. Here you go. These are Sunday, August 5th. Fair enough. Has to flake as a movie. Thank you, Armando. All right. Here are my 8 p.m. cards. My pick number. I'm very curious to see the movie. I think it's playing on Netflix if I'm not mistaken. Correct me if I'm wrong in the comment section. But yeah, I really enjoyed this one. I have no idea that there are similarities as well from Latin American countries. Very very curious to travel to Latin America someday. Hopefully it's on my bucket list. But yeah, if you haven't been to the Philippines, I would love to invite you. It is a beautiful country with the most hospitable people that you will meet on planet Earth. And it will embrace you as your family. And like Dukkwad said, there's always an auntie who will bring some food. I have so many people who are just messaging me on a very regular basis. Hey, Nelly, can I send you some green chipmunk? Can I send you this cake that I made? Can I send you some lobeer? And it's always about food. And that's something that I really love about the Philippines of culture. And it always connects people. That's always a reason to get together, to eat, enjoy, to have a good time and make memories. So I definitely love that part about living in the Philippines. If you haven't seen my videos yet, there is a channel called Delly's Life, where I publish, you know, a little bit of pieces about my life in the Philippines, but also my travels, my lifestyle, maybe sometimes girly stuff, interior design, and so on. So it's always something different, but mostly about my travel experiences and also just exploring other cultures, definitely check it out. There is also a main channel that I have been part of for many, many years, which is making it happen vlog. It will also pop up right here or here. Where I share some great trips with my lovely ex-mike. As you guys know, we have been separated. That's why it's just me here on the channel. I took over what's in the Philippines because I said I really enjoy watching these videos. It puts a smile on my face. It literally carried me through the pandemic days at the very beginning, put me in a good mood. So that's why I'm here just enjoying running some good vibes. I hope you are. Oh, I'm trying it too. And like, subscribe and share it with your friends. If you think it's something that they would enjoy as well. And I'll see you guys next time here on. What's the Philippines? Bye-bye.