Hey, what is up YouTube welcome back welcome back guys all of us are here I got Leslie that I Mike Cedric and
Michael here
Anyway
for today's blog first things first, we're gonna go to
The port area to pick up Taz, Elijah is on his way from Cebu
He was supposed to join us yesterday
But we couldn't get him on the same ferry with us because there was no space for the ticket. So yeah
He's arriving now
Kasuntinan chief, so
He's actually married to a Filipina and they live somewhere around Mandaway
The small barangay is called Kasuntinan
So yeah, that's what we're trying
It's just like a joking manner. We're trying to
Write up something
Okay, so someone will hold it and wait for him to come out of the family. Yeah, okay
Need my editing
Yep
Barangay captain Kasuntinan Taz Eli, Eli Taz
Yeah
When he walks out of the ferry port
Michael will just hold the paper like this and stand and wait for him to come out
We have a cassette player and CD player here
In case you young people don't know yeah in case you 2000 kids don't know
those of you born in late 2000s
We
Yeah, for those of you the new kids late 2000 on
How do you turn this thing on? Oh
Yeah
Only only the nineties kids know those things
Back in the day
every family has this
So we used to play a cassette and also DVD watch movies and connect it to the phone
Not phone but TV and watch
Hello
Hola
This is the main road but look at this is the main road less traffic on the road
I
Will run is beautiful guys, I'm thinking of moving here
Yes, yes, there's a very coming in ocean jet. Yeah, that's probably Tasi later up on the board
Guys there's actually houses on water. Look the post going down into the water
It's not ours, but restaurants looks like restaurant current area
So we are here out in the pot area already one thing I'll notice about him talk be laran
There are no taxes here. Not like in Manila or Cebu
The text is here instead of Texas. They use tricycles
There are tricycles all around the city. So the one that we got on that's a modern tricycle
it's all around the city fucking in front of the malls here and
Just anyway in the city Mikey you ready to all the sign up
Oh, okay
Yes, yeah
Hold it hold it up
Oh
Guys I was wrong earlier
I thought I thought there was no taxes in in in
But they have
They actually have taxes here
But there's not really a lot of taxes compared to Cebu in Manila understand Cebu in Manila is big
There are two big cities here in the flow of pencil
They have a lot of taxi cabs around, but phone
This is my first time I see a taxi cab
this one
That villa run
That villa run is clean guys
Clean and organized
It's going up to four now
4 pm almost 4 pm and we are adding to the market
We go on this guy's order
He's the one who's gonna select the food that we're gonna cook tonight. So
Yeah
Yeah, Mikey, you're gonna be the chef, right?
The one to select the food. Yeah. Yeah
Guys we're heading to the tag villa run main market or I don't know. I don't know if it's a main market but
Yeah, we're gonna head there
sir
There are some dogs this place doesn't have traffic at all guys
Yeah, it's probably sunday we'll see tomorrow very big difference from Cebu is that right cedric cebu is becoming like a second manila
There's traffic everywhere
Crazy but here in bohol you see the road is free. We are walking towards trying to find a tricycle to go to the market
Look at how free that road is
We are in island city mall
We just arrived here in island city mall
There's a lot of friendly filipinos here
This mall is huge not that huge like those sm malls but reasonable size
I
Don't know if this mall is owned by guys. I know I don't know which
Which company is owning this mall so far? I've noticed like there's no guys. I know sm malls here
Uh, that's the only I think that's the biggest mall here in tag villa run
but
Trying to get some groceries
I'm following michael around here because he's the one to get the ingredients
On what to cook
This guy likes cooking guys. You guys should follow him on his instagram. Yeah, michael
My culture ray
So far michael got these things right here
Shit, I don't even know some of these things. I don't even use I don't even know how to use these things the seasoning
curry powder
What else we got turmeric ground
thing
Wow, so mike said he's gonna cook curry chicken tonight chicken curry, huh?
If you can find pilsen then this is
The go-to here in a beer
What what?
It's pilsen. We were trying to look for ganado rice, but they don't have any ganado rice here
So we just got this. I don't know. What's the
Special rice they call it special rice
Wait
All right heading back home now after getting all the groceries and stuff to cook tonight
Michael's gonna cook for us
Michael is gonna cook for us guys
So
We're done here guys
That's the vlog for today
We are out. We are out. We are out. This is the house
This is the vlog for today guys if you're new to the channel make sure to subscribe
Leave a like it helps with the youtube algorithm comment down below comment down below. I'll see you guys with another video. Peace out
cedric is
