 Nabi ka mambak danyang habob Ya, na hai vlog Gika nabokin mo Ha, mo ako sa pa vlog Dah Dahada ba ba? Hello guys, so this is another travel vlog here in the beautiful Samal Island in Davao, Dil Norte So in this video we have a visitors from Kagayendi Auro May and April and her sunshine and my two other cousins, Carl and Bayumi So from Kagayendi Auro They traveled for four hours in a bus going to Davao City and from Davao City they took a part ride going to the port of Samal Island which we waited and we picked them up by the way guys, it's their first time to be in an island they live all their life in Bukitno which is mountainean for away from any beaches I've seen them like three years ago so I was very excited to see them and tour them around the island I'm not going on I don't know if this will be of any hands Yes I'm respected to have lecturers to have lecturers It's just a bundle of elephants a limitation for football so aslık two, see these Yun it's called its bot what? naman kwan dihan na may ikan akadanan ang tenan si lofig men ay si kigoku ya hey isas lang ikaw boton aga kita derat ni talong ostong kasunong na excited kong rata pingsing pagi na wakong blow paggo grabi ng kasi mo ay ang interne channel menak ho Ah! Sabo kapanahasa, sabo significant! Ya! Dan-ag e Win schlimm 對啊dar<|sk|> Union.<|sk|> taleong ago Jeju We lost king It's really good, right? It's really good. It's really good. Give me your hand. Give me your hand. It's all the things you never show you. There are the things I want you to know. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. You want to go to the next room? I don't want to go to the next room. I want to go to the next room. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. Guys, I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. Now guys, we plan to go to this nameless forest just a walking distance from my step-mong's house. Only the local people know this place and it's not that famous in tourist but I heard now recently that there's a lot of tourists visiting the forest. And so we brought the local kids with us since they know the way. And I just called it nameless because it doesn't have a name yet. So if you're planning to visit Samo Island, you might explore this forest and I guarantee you it's going to be quite an adventure. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. What? I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. Wow, nice guy. Come on. Nice guy. Very beautiful. It's nice and light. Wow, it's so beautiful. It's so beautiful. It's so beautiful. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? What? What? What's wrong? What's wrong? What's wrong? Nice to meet you. What's wrong? What's wrong? What's wrong? What's wrong? I'm so proud of you. What's wrong? Come on. I'm so proud of you. I don't want to see you. What? I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you guys. I'm so proud of you guys. What's wrong? Come on. No, it's not. Give it to me. I'm so proud of you guys. It's not! Go back to your shoes. Go back to your shoes. Go back to your shoes. let me walkin mimipin lang Este at my head I'm its kiss something alamat ay unka cabangan kag lifts kayowa teong pwSA so it depends Magileralaете mapoimal ba hu unedak ano ahina niniba alumni kaming gimagalaga gung mga lido dale dora Whala soy dooraka maken du nid Miss Almey extra Ayo you go wiwan mo ako all dzięki a NA al suddenom ko na pigya, ke Filong ako calibamun ka mon deboya Rть kak Rider ki Vessing malan ko Rть sientoili why Pro yon? Thank you! May pat comment in belly Gacee Finha Zutut Miring- SHE Um mo nila o ko n堤ak ka May ako nito. Mardatiti si Ana. Hamasti. I guess.... Umatogi katang glalpang siinulay. Mat gegangen girapan. Mati, tiba-tiba, ter dich. awak nakadel mo meet bread and mayo. Bang nagkomod sagatong dilosakit ang 오늘 akit din. Magnaki naked na machtakata na mo tábw? Wow, magnita. rapda maag수 Boo apang kahit kiri ha maigok kada rici Pei na siya tipe ng op baluki ala ka na kailangan na unong ko na siya ha? ala rici kailo isa mo rici kailo isa bre Pei Pei, papikchura di ha ba kailo isa mo ni nani ay ko lang kailo lang kailo na siya ko kailo kailo kailo kailo kailo kailo kailo Lapだ influences rampa kaya ... paid siعat Mai ma and3 lino N pergunt ngyka Hat mok, but iyo вами nang betap Ayo namanmat rocket balang It Subst life on 🎵 Look at me so times that call you on to his run Hear me out, hear me out If all the things you know and show If there are the things I want to know The secret story in your heart is the same But if you don't want to tell me now I guess I'll never know Who's it on this call by the end of the year? You keep on talking and I only want to speak to you All the things you know and show There are the things I want to know The secret story in your heart is the same But if you don't want to tell me now I guess I'll never know Who's it on this call by the end of the year? Oh, you're not a cheese Are you a cheese? Are you a cheese? I'll give you one thing One thing The secret story