 Ever wondered what's on the minds of Gearest foreigners when it comes to Filipinos? Join me on a fascinating journey as I delve into the 10 weird and common questions that many foreigners have about the Philippines and Filipinos. For those new to this channel, the content primarily centers around the Philippines. The ultimate aim is to motivate and encourage foreigners to explore this captivating country, while ensuring they are well prepared for their visit. Gearest foreigners are known for their felonies and love for engaging conversation with visitors. From inquiries about where you're from, to questions about well-known to response. The inner actions are always filled with warmth. However, there is a whole other side to the story. The questions that foreigners might hesitate to ask, due to cultural sensitivity. In this video, I'll explore weird and common questions. We're seek to understand more about the unique aspects of Filipino culture, but they want to do so with respect. And I welcome both Filipino viewers and foreigners, including experts and tourists, to provide their own insights. Whether you're a Filipino, offering your perspective on fellow countrymen's comments, or a foreigner sharing thoughts based on your experiences in the Philippines. Your input is valuable. Additionally, feel free to share your own answers or anecdotes related to living in the Philippines, whether as a citizen or as someone visiting the country. The first question that foreigners usually have for Filipinos is, why is the Philippines poor? A Filipino active user on Kora writes, everyone here is focused on the immediate issues, corruption, social issues, but let me try to paint a more historical picture. Why did the Philippines become this way? And why didn't they follow the path of South Korea or Japan? Or now China? As many of you know, six years ago, there was hardly any difference between South Korea and the Philippines. A hundred years ago, Japan was similar. The difference is in the way that governments handled and nurtured, or didn't nurture, the economy over the decade. Vincent writes, just curious whether all boils down to IQ eventually. Brandon responded, no, it's the other way around. No, it's the other way around. IQ is largely a result of socio-economic conditions. I will write, Philippines were richer than South Korea back in the 70s. Marius responds, or better said, South Korea was poorer than Philippines back then. Stefan Frick writes, should have been done in the 1960s or 1970s, when most of the population was rural. Now, Philippines is in the stage of urbanization, so you need to create urban jobs. Industrial large-scale farming is far more efficient than traditional farming. Philippines is exporting its most valuable workforce, and maybe some raw material and farming products. But no industrial output. Industry is not competitive. Reason politicians protect oligarchs from competitions in exchange for election campaign funding. International funding comes with condition. IMF World Bank demands austerity which make a large economy, while China offers loans with less conditions, but higher interest and higher risk to default. How about creating a sort of ASEAN development bank? Here's an interesting comment from Odette. Filipinos are poor because of a mix of attitudes and values. First lack of belief in ourselves, limits our imagination and will to succeed, and also causes us to lack an entrepreneurial spirit. Thus, most Filipinos would rather be employees than entrepreneurs. Second, putting family first may be considered aversary, but is also a major flaw if it causes one to steal from one's country or be corrupted for a love of family. Thus corruption is institutionalized, because whoever gets power, even just a small amount of it, would steal because they love their family more than their country. Finally, economic and social mobility is difficult in the Philippines because of the Patrina system, wherein one cannot easily gain employment or start a business without powerful or insider contact. A change of heart for most of us is necessary. Do you agree with Odette? And what will you like to add? Michael. A nation is spore when two things happen. When the ruling elite thinks only of themselves, let me make it clear, no ruling elite in the world is altruistic and rules for the people. But nations where the ruling elite thinks of those they are ruling, when they are ruling tend to be better. Those where the ruling elite plunders the nation without considering those they rule tend to be poor. When the rule allows themselves to be downtrodden, there are many ways to condition the masses to do so. Through societies and written expectations and religious conditioning, through little gifts and pieces of meat, wrong for them to fight over, while not educating them to instead ban together to fight for the larger space that the ruling elite is holding on to. Paul writes, The Philippines as a country itself is technically not poor. We are rich in people and natural resources. Both requirements to create a developed economy. The people have become poor, plain and simple, because of corruption, which leaches money that should be distributed to continue to develop the economy and puts it in the hands of a few hundred families who continue to rule the country. Because of corruption, businessmen don't want to invest in the economy, which has led to fewer jobs, relative to other developing countries. Because of corruption, foreign investors don't have the confidence to deploy capital in our country. Two great jobs. Because of corruption, people don't want to work hard when they see an unfair system that is biased against them. Corruption is the root of poverty. Big corruption, and they begin to address the problem of poverty. The second question that foreigners normally ask is the Philippine safe, why or why not? The Philippine safer than what news articles lead you to believe. Bill, it requires precautions like any other country. Take note of the region you are visiting. For example, some parts of Mendeno are not safe, even for those who grew up there, due to kidnapping, terrorism, etc. Two, take note of the city. In Manila, there are red light districts not far from the well-lit hotels and malls. Currently, such areas have been cleaned up, thanks probably to... to Ferde. That said, there are dimly lit areas that any person with sense wouldn't venture after. I can only give you my experience. I grew up in Camarine, snorted and lived half of my life here in Manila. As a child, I played all day with my friends in the streets. Was free to explore our town as long as I don't go island hopping because the beach near us is the Pacific. The ocean was never kidnapped, rape, rob, and harassed. Would get smashed and walk the streets of Racto, considered dangerous, at 2 a.m. on the way to my dorm in Manila. Would waste money in clubs and ask God-drivers if he could take me home with very few cash. This happened to me twice. It wasn't asked to give them service or anything. Maybe I'm lucky. Went home by walking or by cab in the middle of the night, almost every night, was never kidnapped, rape, rob, harassed. As a working adult, I regularly commute around Makari, Mandalu, and Alabama, walk my dog at 4 to 4.30 every weekday. Sometimes my fiance, who is also a woman, and I go home late from a day wearing a dress by food in the middle of the night if one of our friends are visiting. Every ride, as safe as anywhere in the world, in Paris, one of the lovely cities in the world, you don't have bullet planting, but you do have surprise ISIS attacks, yet people still wouldn't avoid Paris. As long as one travels, there would always be a risk. Life itself is a risk. You cannot not travel, given the chances and resources. Just exercise caution. Besides, on the zone as well as Manila, it's safe enough. If you want, you can come with less luggage when coming into the Philippines, so you can hand carry yours and have less worries. When you go home, coming out of this head country, then it's time to have as much luggage as you want. The third question, how bad is it to live in the Philippines? It boggles me how much more it is to live in Luzon, then you're in the middle of the night. When you compare Cito life, Davao seems to be about half of Manila, even the electric is cheaper. I lived in Tagam City for a third of what it cost me and Tipalo. A comparable two-third down here in Davao City is about 12,000, and one of the cities a little further up like Digos or Tagam, two-fourth runs less than 10,000. Julius writes, you absolutely need a source of income outside the Philippines. This is absolutely needed. Wages earn in the Philippines are maybe one-eighth of what you earn from, say, America. And a lot of the basic living requirements are adjusted for Philippine wages. Even if you're earning just minimum weight from a first-world country, but living the Philippines, you can have a pretty good setup. Olex writes, any foreigner would wish to live here in our country. Please don't come looking for amenities found in the place where you grew up into. I'll be it look for something that's not in your home country and enjoy it if you find it here. Otherwise, you would just be better off visiting us as a tourist. Naz writes, rent is only equivalent of $300 a month. That's too much for a rental, unless that's a rent to own house, then that would be fine. The fourth question, I'll reach is the Philippines. Winston writes, the Philippines is not a poor country. Its rich country pretended to be poor. The World Economic Monetary Agency listed the Philippines, P.P. per capita in a very low level, that many people around the world will say that the income of the people is very low. But the real situation is, people never declared their income to avoid taxes. That is one of the problem of the government because of its poor taxation system. Some well writes, the reason for the low per capita income of the Philippines is the underground economy, which is at least 40% of GNP. These are the small businesses and registered or not which do not issue official receipts. And this includes professionals, such as doctors, lawyers, who do not issue official receipts for their services. If all these are taken into consideration, per capita income would be 50% higher, more or less. Also, the underground economy isolates the Philippines to a large extent from world financial classes, and is not so much affected by this. Marker writes, true. If all politicians will declare their true wealth, Henry C. will drop out of the richest Filipinos list. I'm not kidding. Vincent writes, the Philippines actually was the richest in Asia after World War II. The P.H.B. to dollars was two to one, but slided to 52 to one over the decades. Japan was poor immediately after World War II because of the atomic bomb, but has since recovered. China was poor when the Philippines was rich and has since recovered in economic status. Philippines, when it was economic richer than China was able to deny their entrance back. Philippines, Chinese, when China was poor. Michael writes, it depends on the context. If you're pretending to GDP, then the Philippines is within the top 20% economies and the world. It's ranked 30 second out of 195 countries. Does it have poverty? Yes, it does. Does it have extremely wealthy people? Yes, it does. Does it have a growing middle class? Yes, it does. Just look at how many 20,000 to 50,000 cars are in traffic jams in every major city. DaVao, Sibu, Manila, Emmanuel writes, if you mean material rich, the answer is never, but culture rich, yes, always. The Lupina food is a celebration of many cuisines, western and eastern. The faces of the Philippines are a wide range of eastern and western. Dances range from traditional hill tribes with their colorful weave costumes to fiesta inspired dances and costumes, iron from Spain America. Stefan writes, I believe it was number two to Japan before Marcus' 14-year rule, which sent it, submitting to Sikman of Asia, exacerbated by the follow-on royal families, also staking their claim to the wealth of the country and its people and giving nothing in return. What is life like in the Philippines? Someone else writes, on my own perspective, Philippines is actually a good place to live, despite being negative. Well, obviously every country has reasons, less racism. If you live in a certain community or part of it, you can do whatever you want, as long as it's legal. Gender equality, though 86% of his population are Catholics and may condemn you for being gay, lesbian, transgender, etc. Still, the society is accepting it, gradually and is now usual. Ladies can do whatever the gents can without any disapproval from the community. Instead, they are praised, low cost of living. One dollar is approximately 45 to 50 pesos. Imagine if you had a hundred, it goes a long way, right? Religious racism, religious racism is hardly visible, hospitality. MJ writes, I've been living in the US for a while now, but grew up in the Philippines. The one thing that I truly miss about home are the people. Well, aside from my family and food, of course, I flew back home for a couple of weeks several months ago. My parents, my husband and I, died at a restaurant where you have to order at the counter. They did have servers, but only to deliver your food to your table. While we're eating, we ran out of rice and my mom wanted to order additional orders with two of the dishes we're running out of. And because she did not want to get up in the middle of eating, she flagged one of these servers, asked him a favorite to order the food for her and gave him money. He smiled, willing to say yes, and brought all orders to our tables, and handed the change to my mom. And this is at a no-take restaurant. If that happened here, they would have called my mom to order the counter. They missed that. They missed how the people are extremely hospitable, and just plain easy to deal with. No drama, no unwarranted feeling of entitlements. That server was nice without expecting for a tip. Of course, before taking off, we did leave a tip at the table. They missed home. Stephen writes, the only honest answer to this question it depends because it does. It depends on where you choose to live in the Philippine. The country offers a wide and a very diverse range of living environments. It depends on your income, whether you need one to work and a standard of living you expect. It depends on you most of all. On your adaptability, your tolerance for defense and your sense of humor. How is the Philippines a third-world country? How did it become this way? Bernard writes, the question makes me imply that the Philippines presumably was a first-world country. Since it was obviously aligned with the US, first-world aligned with the US, NATO, second-world aligned with USSR, communists, third-world, not aligned with any of the two. We will use the developed country or developing country. We Filipinos will fall to the false hope of one day getting into the status of these developed countries but ending up in a debt trap. That is our ever-changing presidential administrations. Keep introducing new government programs in exchange for another loan. The Philippine economy is growing but not as fast as Vietnam, the Fubi, or Rwanda. Since in their cases, they started their capital as economy, young due to war and scuffles, whereas we open last-year fair economy since 1946. Develop is a double standard. First-world countries have their economic model, mostly based in Rastau's model of mass consumption. Meaning, the productive generation must hope that the younger generation will continue to fill up the lower base of the economy, worst case scenario is they will join or vote for ball-right movements or find another group of people to blame in case of economic decline. Be proud that you came from a third-world country. Your whole meal can be substituted by everything inside a coconut. If you work hard opening it, your mosquito bites are beautiful tattoos on your skin. Just have to have a talented, defiant, dengue. You see the stars in a glass of deep, well-water. You know with those particles floating on it, but sure it's safe, because we had a lot of fresh water, whereas in some countries it's spicier than oil. Why is there still no divorce in the Philippines? Ginger writes, most of our legislators are male and they do not want their wives divorcing them. This is the same reason why women can be held criminally liable for adultery. While men must be proven guilty of concoibening, which has more elements and is more difficult to prove, do you think the Philippines is a free country? Pal writes, no doubt about it. We have freedom of speech. We are allowed to wear anything. Girls can wear revealing clothes and men can wear heels. If you have enough thick skin, you can wear however you want. Just make sure you're covering your private sensitive parts. Otherwise, you'll risk jail time. LGBT are allowed to express themselves of my 30 years of never being violently attacked because I kissed, hug, flirted or held another girl's hand. Mike writes, definitely it's as free as you think. Every Philippine are entitled of their own opinion. You can condemn and express dissatisfaction to the government. You can do that in most Asian countries. We have the free as internet. We have minimal to no internet censorship. What happens inside the Philippines? You can instantly read it online. Our conflicts with insurgency are published online. We don't hide what issues we have. And like again, compared to most of our neighbors, the internet serves as a medium of awareness. What are the Philippines commonly known for? Merlin writes, the Philippines is known for having its rich biodiversity as its main tourist attraction. Its beaches, heritage towns and monuments, mountains, rainforests, islands and diving spots are among the country's most popular tourist destinations. A Dobo on the Chon are famous food to try in the Philippines. Michael writes, low prices friendly people, simple lifestyle, warm weather, very travel between islands, palm attendants at gas stations, easy shopping and rural areas, and abundance of resorts by the sea. Great green scenery everywhere. Most people speak good English 99% of all signage is in English. I could go on. What is the best time of the year to visit the Philippines? So there you have it. Questions that foreigners have for Filipinos. If you can think of more questions, you can provide them in the comment section. And I would love to hear your insights on the comments that the Filipino active users on Kora have left.