 You know how Filipino crowds are the most engaged and the loudest crowds in the entire world? Well, we have further proof of that. I was asked to react to the course, a live performance of their song, runaway in Manila in 2023. And apparently, I was told that the crowd took over. What does that mean exactly? We're going to figure that out together. If you are new to the channel, welcome, welcome, welcome. Maliga Yang Pagvaleksa, Akinchano. My name is Ovela. I'm a sound engineer, beat maker and content creator. And with that being said, let's jump right into it. I'm a sound engineer. I'm a sound engineer. I'm a sound engineer. I'm a sound engineer. I'm a sound engineer. I'm a sound engineer. I'm a sound engineer. I'm a sound engineer. The course did not hire any back of vocalists. They got them for free and they are called a Filipino crowd. Did you hear that? Insane. That's incredible. She cannot believe it. And you know what? I think she cannot believe the fact that one, they know the song by heart. But two, they sound perfect. They are not pitchy. They are singing it extremely well. I'm sure that the green that you had on her face because she's like impressed. Oh, it's giving me chills. There's no point of her singing. Wow. I wonder if the crowd singing is actually a great song. I wonder if the crowd singing is actually throwing her off. As you can see, now she's going to put the earplug back in her ear. I think so that she can actually hear herself a little bit more so that she can sing properly. Because I feel like the singing of the crowd can throw you off a little bit. But in this case, I don't think so because they are on pitch. Incredible. I wish the person that was filming also zoomed out a little bit and filmed the crowd. Because I'm pretty sure the crowd is like waving their hands like this or something and singing at the same time. Oh, show us the crowd. Wow. She basically gave up. She was like, you know what? I'm just going to sit here and let the crowd take over. Basically, if you do not want to pay for back vocalists, you know what you have to do. You just have to travel to the Philippines so you basically have to pay for your plane ticket. But then you get to the Philippines and you just gather a bunch of Filipinos somewhere and you just ask them to sing for you. And I'm sure they will do it happily for free. That's how much they love singing. They definitely took over and you do agree with me that when you perform, when you have a concert in the Philippines, it's not the Filipinos that attended the concert, the concert, but it's more like the artist is attending a Filipino concert in a way. You know, it's crazy. It's the artist who is there to appreciate a Filipino crowd singing their song. Look at her trying to dance. She's cute. Wow, you know, I wish that they let the crowd sing a little bit more. I wish they even stopped playing the instrument and stopped singing and let just the crowd take over even further than what we actually witnessed and heard. Because I'm pretty sure that the crowd could have sang the song from A to Z without a problem. That was awesome. Let me know in the comments section below what you thought. And if you have other crazy examples of foreigners, so famous foreign artists that go to the Philippines to have their concert and the Filipino crowd just takes over. And literally almost does not let them sing. That's how loud they can be and accurate they can be as well. You know, if you have other examples, don't hesitate to suggest them to me on Instagram of course. Maraming, salam alaah, and if you found value in this video, do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.