 you take it ever I'm trying to change your mind Left your mouth that broke this cause And to my message you reply I'm trying to change your mind Left your mouth that broke this cause And to my message you reply I'm trying to reply I'm trying to reply I'm trying to reply I'm trying to reply I'm trying to reply I'm trying to reply I'm trying to change your mind Left your mouth that broke this cause And to my message you reply I'm trying to reply I'm trying to reply I'm trying to reply I'm trying to reply I'm trying to reply I'm trying to reply I'm trying to reply Bernie! Oh my god No! Congratulations! What the hell!? No? No. We gonna jump into theuche I give you a weapon, I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I give you a cure I don't know Don't know We got the clown Why is it about to go Dance we know what the brandy brand And then tonight is gonna Oh shit How are we gonna go? Yeah I'm a bad girl I'm a bad girl I'm a bad girl I'm a bad girl Oh shit You go down I don't know It's like how you marry Mariana Mariana Mariana What is your name? Mariana What is your name? Mariana Mariana Mariana Mariana What Gun was mine Isn't cool No, I don't like you But I got smarter I got harder In the nick of time And the arrows are from the dead I could do it all the time I'm a bad girl I'm a bad girl I'm a bad girl I'm a bad girl I'm a bad girl I'm a bad girl I'm a bad girl I see a body with a bone Bitch, I wanna try the blue car And be easy on my car And be easy on my car And be easy on my car And be easy on my car And be easy on my car Maybe it's just because you're ugly Shit the fuck up Shit the fuck up It's just because you're ugly Shit the fuck up Shit the fuck up Stop Stop Stop! Language, preemptive language Stop it Dang it Hi everyone What what what? Stop it Stop it Stop it I'm just playing ladies, you know I love you. I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies, I'm just playing ladies If you want. I've got a story! So, Play is Skating vs Jarfly. Oh