 Jolaby, the entire menu. Just kidding. Oh, it's all fried. Oh, that's the fried bucket. That's a lot of fried. That's a lot of stuff. We've been in the Philippines for a while now and finally we're doing Jolaby. If you've watched our other case test videos like this, you'll know that we always get delivery. But this time, because it's a special occasion. And there's Jolaby all over the Philippines. We went to the nearby Jolaby and we picked it up. We carried 50 pounds of Jolaby back to our place as you saw in the intro. It might have even been like 80. So be ready for a child-sized amount of Jolaby. Are you ready? I am ready. Let's start with the fries, because we got so many of them. They look pretty crispy today. Look at that. Wow. So delicious and delectable. We tried these in Milan. Yes, we did it. And they were very soggy. They were awful. Oh, but they got crunch. They're crispy today. Wow. They got a nice, they got almost maybe slightly too much salt. I don't very salty. They are crispy and fluffy on the inside. Jolaby, you've all done yourself. Wow, we thought Jolaby couldn't fry. We've told the story a few times, but the Milan ones. There's some bag that was unclaimed the whole two hours we were in there, or like hour. And when our order finally got time to be served, we just took the fries out of that bag. So we got them. Hour old fries. Incredible. These are grouchy. Good job, Jolaby, you didn't fry. Next. The Spaghetti. I technically didn't have this in Italy. Oh, yeah. The Spaghetti with banana ketchup. Is it good? Well, I have to see. It looks alright in Italy. I'm not a fan of spaghetti generally, but you guys said this is not normal sauce. It's banana ketchup. So it's not the same. This is probably mix, mix it, and proof of mix, mix it. Here's the proof of the mix, mix. We didn't mix pasta before, and everybody yelled at us. But look at how mixed this is. Wow. So mixed. And so red and so nudely. Looks like this came out of the inside of a cow. Thank you, Jolaby. Very epic. Ready to nude this? Nude. Jolaby's spaghetti. Is it sweet? Very sweet. Very sweet. I mean, it tastes, it does taste like spaghetti. And the noodles, they're very similar to, oh, with a pizza hut. Ah. Pizza Hut's noodles. It's not bad. This is actually very similar to the Bolognese. If there was a bit more meat in there, it'd be the same as the pizza hut Bolognese. There's a hot dog right here. Oh. A hot dog taste test. Is it like a hot dog from hot dog land? Do the hot dog land the answer proof. We could do the hot dog land dance right now, right? We are hot dogs from hot dog land. Yes, we are. Jolaby's spaghetti. I mean, I'm a famous spaghetti in general, so it's all right for me. What do you think? For a fast food spaghetti, it's good. How many fast foods spaghetti have you had? Not many. They don't have it much. If you were to go to any restaurant, the spaghetti would be a better. Any restaurant? What about spaghetti that you found on the street wrapped in a tin foil? It would not be better. Really? You know. Don't doubt tin foil. Oh, okay. We were supposed to get Ube and cheese pies, but we got only mango, it seems. Epic. All right. So we've had the burgers in the US and Melonda for them. These are little different iterations here. So I got the amazing and well-hot champ burger supreme. I don't even know what it was called. There's a lot of adjuctives on these. And you got the champsolo supreme. I don't know. But that is an impressive looking burger. Look at that thing. Let's see yours. Oh, that looks pretty tasty. Wow. Jolly. Look at him get a little. Wow. Double aloha champ junior burger solo. That looks for acting cheesy and it's a big double burger cheese bacon something champ. Banana and aloha amazing. Mine's not amazing. Mine's only mine's amazing. So there should be a pineapple on here somewhere. Oh, there it is. I'll bite into the pineapple. Wow. There's so much sauce on this thing. What kind of sauce is it? I think it's just a mayo on top. Oh. And then there's some other sauce in there somewhere that's like sweet. Very good. But it's so, there's so much. This one's really good too. The pineapple is surprisingly subtle in this massive meat bananza right here. Amazing junior bananza of meat. Look at that. But the burger itself tastes pretty good. I can't wait to see how soft the zoos are out of there. Yeah, burger is falling. Look, I'm cracking my bacon on here. That's good. That's really good. It's really cheesy. So before I eat that entire burger, I'll put it down and we can eat something up. Oh, that's a big strip of bacon. Oh wow. Oh wow. We're working a room. Guys, we didn't show this in the intro but we do have palate cleansers. Wow. Very optic. But one thing that sucks about bacon burgers is every time I bite into a piece of bacon, it rips the whole thing out. True. It needs to be crispy, like really crispy. So you can crunch and then it just goes. These ones were not as crispy. Coke flow. This is not a generally own thing in the US. But they have it here. I got one at McDonald's and I was disappointed in fact it had ice. So I got this one with no ice. That video's on our Facebook. You want to hit that out? Hey, exclusive. There is ice. There's fracking ice. There is. I told them no fracking ice and they're like, wow, we can't not put ice in there. We used to put my coke. They'll lose money if they don't put the ice in there. Doesn't look like there's as much ice. No, no, not at all. It doesn't even reach halfway down. Yum. See in the US. And it's surprisingly here. I didn't expect it. Rupier floats are the float. Map coke floats. I don't even know if I've... They have like coke like ice season stuff. That's like close if you get to a coke float really. I don't ever do a coke. No. But this is good. It works pretty well. Yeah. Is it as good as Rupier? No. But it's a close second. Yeah, it's pretty good. We could have got the Royal one. That would be weird. But we want a coke. So sorry. Only coke. Now there's going to be a lot of ice in there. Heck yeah. Strauss. Epic. Sick. We got Strauss. Hey, it's a lot of porx in here. I am porx in here. Let's crack into some of these other meals we have. What do we have here? Whoa, it's the garlic beef. Garlic pepper beef, was it? I don't see the garlic or the pepper. Just looks like beef. All right, so I guess we can try some of the garlic pepper beef. It's a little mixed in here. Oh wow, nice, nice mix. Is this Filipino approved? This... Oh, Fraga's dripped it. How? Whoa. The beef's got a really funky texture. It's like the top's a log almost texture. It's soup, it just kind of just falls apart. There's like a lot of gravy, but it's got like a hint of garlic in there. Where's the pepper? Where is the pepper? Are they slouching on the pepper? Slouching on the pepper. Rice taste test? Rice taste test? Oh, didn't split very well. Oh wow. That's a big bite of rice here. On the rice? We can do on the rice challenge with all the rice we have with these noodles. There's a lot. A lot of the things just say rice meal on top of the hay. That's like rice. That's an interesting one. I mean, it's not bad. It's not fantastic. The gravy and the garlic, it is nice. It is. It is. I'd rather get a burger steak probably. True. I would assume we got McDonald's burger steak before and we've gotten the burger steak before at Jolaby. The texture of the beef isn't fantastic, but it's still good. So that's all that matters. Just taste. Taste. Taste. Got another rice meal here. What's this one going to be? I feel like it's ultimate. No, that big one's too big to not be ultimate. What is this one? It's just an normal burger steak. With some. Why do these look like burnt or lost? Are those very dark? Are those very dark? That is very dark. Oh, but we got the burger steak. Yay! Cut into that. Oh wow. That one's small. Oh. Burger steaks are something we didn't really have or never really eaten that much in the US, but they eat them all in here and they're yummy. You got to make sure mine's graved up. Oh, oh. Oh, you're lathering it in the gravy. Oh, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Look at that bite. I've got it. It's good. It's good. It's really, burger steaks are really good here because it's sort of like a sausage patty almost like the flavor it has and then it's also got gravy out there. And gravy is delicious. It is. I'm in the rice to smooth it out. I like the burger steaks at Kenny Rogers' lot because they're thick. They're thick. Last time I went there didn't give me gravy. Oh, that's very sad. Kenny. Kenny. But these are really good. You can easily get a two piece of that and that'll be a yummy meal. But also get ten things of rice because why not? At least ten things. You could do only challenge of forty things of rice. Should we do the only challenge in geology version? Yes, that's a new thing. Man, you know what I saw? Uh, geology. Just because it's included in the price of man because I mean you can't do it at geology. We're going to do it. We did five in man. Now we got to do ten at geology. Only patty's and we have to eat them with our hands like this. Yes. I ate three of them when I had food poisoning. Let's try the lumpia from Java beer. We got some sweet and sour sauce. It looks like... I tried to wipe the rice off onto the rice and then it got more right on it. It's too sticky. Very orange sweet and sour sauce. Let's get a dunk shot. DUNKSHOT! Double dunk shot. ZOIC ZOIC ZOIC ZOIC. That was a great double dunk. I know this double dunk shot we stick. Double dunk or DINK? Double dunk or DINK? DINK! Ok. Outside was pretty soft. Wow. The taste is pretty good. Mmm-hmm. I like the sauce. As far as this goes. It's obviously not to the part of some of the sit down restaurants we've got too that actually took them to my progression stuff. But it was pretty good. For best food I'm sure that's much cheaper than the other places. It's everything combined was 1500 total which is one of our cheaper taste tests and this is the most amount of food We've gotten by far we could feed it a family of 12 for the same price as one sit down meal We were supposed to probably They gave us enough forks and spoons for 12 people that is a good meal right there Shanghai in burger steak. I would eat that palan cleanser Oh, there's a lot of chocolate at the bottom Oh wow there's a lot of I was wondering why I tasted those chocolatey all of a sudden You almost lost the coke float. I almost all went down Guys if you ever plan to do a taste less like this it's a mess It is really a mess Especially if you're eating things like one bite at a time. Let's do the chicken So one of these is spicy one of these is not spicy. I think the chicken that we had in Las Vegas was pretty fracking Spicy wasn't it was really spicy and this appears to be the spicy it has a little spicy Big be the chicken oh my god Spicy And normal chicken No spicy play Guys I've eaten a surprising amount of fried chicken and rice so far in the Philippines So I feel like I'm a pro now at how to do this and by pro you mean First you take your little square of rice like this you got to take a bite out of it. Yes Oh wow it's a really hot and it's really hot. All right, so you take your rice and you take a bite like this If you put it in your mouth, put it in your mouth and you try to take it like this. Oh wait And you're dangled by a piece. All right, and then you go oh no oh no Well, that's not gonna be It doesn't bite off of it like a pinata All right, do you eat my little mouth? Take your gravy gravy um Oh yeah That's delicious. Oh, fresh that chicken's so spicy really. Oh man, that's way more than I remember That bite actually kind of worked Very like inconvenient to do it that way, but it actually tasted good Oh my god No, wait, take your eyes off the little is no this might have a slight spice to it taste this no Oh my Bracken gosh that's hot What the heck that's the hottest thing we've eaten in the Philippines. Oh, I put it in my right side And then when I swallowed it went over my tongue. There's just a line of spice on my tongue now. What the heck Philippines don't even eat spicy stuff that much I don't think my tongue is going to know That is so spicy. This one even has a tiny bit of spice on it too. I think the non-spicy Heck is happening. Why is that so spicy? I even drink gravy. I had the tiniest bit. I'm starting to slice Yeah, they do this on purpose We had such a big order and they're like fracking you When we got there there's people who had Five of these bags. That's really hot I'm gonna try to go for this get an actual bite the correct way Let's see if we're gonna shave off a little piece of chicken all right all right shave off some ice I guess I'll follow Grab some gravy from the scooper pour it on my chicken put it all together into one delicious professional Filipino spoon for it there you see that gravy chicken and but Rice I got nice spoonful as well. Fantastic. Here we go I know this really running It tastes so good though. It does their chicken is really good. It is. I mean look at this huge piece of meat right here This is so juicy and yummy and this is really spicy. It's like the fire from the pits of Tartarus and my mouth is Feeling with saliva. It's still hot. I can barely even speak for a one. He's a cost 91 91 for this. This is a meal. That's a meal. That's good. What the frack? Jealaby. What are you that that dang bee? He's he wherever he is. He's somewhere in this place He's just watching us with that smug smile of his that pesky bee. He's like Because he grabs his antenna spicy twice now you grab his antenna twice if I apologize No, he's pissed. It's too late. He's gonna kill us with that spice The final thing before our final palate cleanser. It's something amazing and ultimate amazing At ultimate the one and the only Ultimate burger steak with egg but the fries under there are gonna be super super soggy You're gonna be so soggy. It's like poutine, but it has a burger steak and no cheese curds. Very sad This is a big hunk of meat. That's like the thickness of the Kenny Rogers when I was talking about you can get the thickness here Okay, so I gotta get some fry. I don't want a big fry. You give me that small frack and fry It's a big the spoon is not big enough for this You need an extra large Filipino spoon. Okay. Oh nice. That's a nice portion. That is indeed a nice portion You just go ahead and eat that first so you don't affect carry it on the plate for too long or the spoon for too long Doesn't taste ultimate a very pretty ultimate really Extra ultimate the egg. I feel like it's a strange addition as well. They're just gonna stay like I don't know if I would If I were to continue eating this I don't know if I'd put bites with the egg again You could get it without the egg, but it was ultimate so I had to get it with the egg. Yeah, that's good The flavor on this one. I don't know if it has more which is the bigger bite So it tastes like it has more, but this one seems like it even has more flavor. Wow. That's good. That was some would say Ultimate I feel ultimate right now my lips are still burning my the side of my mouth is still a tiny bit hot What the heck I'm gonna try to eat that old thing too. I'm gonna die. We'll have if it's crazy We'll have a random footage at the end of this of him dying Yay the chicken pot pie Chicken out of king pie Is that just mean it's a warm chicken pot pie? It is quite long with the length of this thing. That's a sick daddy This is much be a thick boy is it not coming out of here? Oh my god Why is it red? Oh my gosh Someone say thick boy alert thick boy alert Wow, all right. Oh, I guess just knob off a knob Oh, that's crunchy. Whoa. Whoa. Is that cheese? Yes Whoa, that's really cheesy That's impressively cheesy jollyby You don't know if I tasted any chicken. Oh, maybe I'll hit the end now. I got like mostly cheese Oh, okay, so this is all gonna squirt out the other side It's all crunchy. Whoa It's so cheesy. That's a flavor explosion of cheese. Oh my god. I'd not expect to be that cheesy It's like it's like mac and cheese cheese. Yeah. Yeah. It's like no like velvet stuff where you get melted and just Oh, I think I don't know if I got chicken or not. Oh, it tastes as cheese and crust And then like once you finally start getting it down You get the pie crust with gifts of like a slight slight sweetness. Their pie crust is incredible. Like incredible It's so good and we made sure to get a lot of them. Yeah, we did So for the final palette cleanse something we've already had peach mango pies We have um We went to jollyby the first day, but we didn't want to do a whole mukbang. We were here So we do have me taste taking the chicken sandwich and him tasting a normal burger steak Without would be a Shanghai So that's a little bit added to the end here if you want to see that bow to this we have big pizza rolls Oh, it's a piece is it there's pepperonis inside of this mine has purple on it. Does that mean it's ube? Oh wait They appreciate all of them wait you have yours just check this other other So that must be the ube one ube cream baby We didn't get any buko ones it looks like okay looks like it's just three of each oh this is a point I had this in Vegas and it was really good Should be mango There's mango oh Yummy Yeah, for akin pies Eventually they're not warm after the entire menu. No, they aren't but The flavor is still making me very thirsty, but so good This ube one is so good so good Could you imagine putting a toaster stew cream on these oh it'll be so good Thank you very much. Jeal will be I'm sorry. We disappointed you my mouth will burn because of it I hope our love for the pies and the burger steak and the burgers and the fries will help We're meant me grabbing on your antennas Thank you for the first day without a joke. I'll be It looks pretty solid We got a taste in this The white bubble thank you everybody for watching a jolly be taste test the ultimate jolly taste test It truly was ultimate there is still a few things we haven't yet Yeah, they have some correct-fist items that we haven't actually seen anywhere else in the world We thought this would be a burger today. Have you been following our Channels for a while we do have other channels one is try for a geo where we learn about a lot of stuff in the Philippines We've been trying jolly internationally for like the last year Anyplace that we went to that had a jolly be we'd try it So if you want to see jolly what it's like it Italy Vegas Dubai you can check out our other channel See the next one everybody will you join and uh where's the fret duck wasn't in this whole video duck sign us out I'm gonna kill him jolly be versus duck