 Hello everyone! Today we are at Changri Lamol in Varisdis or Diga. Yeah! So, we are here today to talk about 10 ways the Philippines and the Dominican Republic are similar. That's right! You will be surprised to know that we have a lot of things in common. And the number one is similar culture, history and colonial architecture. Ah, yes, yes, yes. Yes! As you know, the Dominican Republic and the Philippines were both Spain. So, that makes our architecture... ...in Spanish, colonial... ...in colonial Spanish style. Style, like what you see in intramuros and vegan city. You find places like those in Dominican Republic as well. Yeah, we have a lot of some French. Yes, but we have... ...sona colña, yeah. And in Puerto Plata we have said too. Yeah, sure. Anyway, it's the show that's it prepared. Anyways, yeah, that's a very interesting one. So, like, our culture, as you know, Dominican Republic is Latino culture. Because it's more... ...like, this is where we learnt more power. And in the case of the Philippines, you also have some Spanish culture as well. And it makes heavily... ...like, it shows in the... ...media, also like the surroundings, also even the people's names, even your language. Yeah, even your language. But number two is religion. Yes. The main religion here is the Catholic religion. And it was introduced by Spanish people. Yeah. So, in the Dominican Republic, it's also like that. Like, our official religion is the Catholic. And it's also by the Spanish. We also have the Protestants. Yeah. Christian Protestants are like the born again, Christian here in the Philippines. Yeah. But, like, our official religion is the Catholic. That's... Number three, street life and public gathering. Our country and the Philippines both have the streets completely full of life. Like, it's not dull in the street, like, people can really gather and do stuff together. Like, fiesta, jade, parfait, parflex, celebration. Like, people can come together in streets and it's normal. And I am... I'm talking about this because there are other countries that this doesn't happen much. Like, what about European countries, for example, especially the ones more in the North, like Scandinavian countries, you know? Like, this is absolutely not seen in others. So, it's like, it's also part of our culture to have public gathering, public protestant. And a lot of things happen in the Bruceling streets, not only fiesta, but also, like, street food. And people just hanging out in the streets, spontaneously. It's really beautiful to see. That's why you feel like so at home. Yes. Number four, family values. I see that now. We are listening. The Americans are three family or different. Filipinos too. And Filipinos too. We don't do anything without our family, without consisting of our family. Getting a new job, visiting another country. Getting... Have you ever met someone else? You know. So, I do feel like... Same with the Filipines. Like, you guys also have family values that are very ingrained in society. It's really rare to see people not living with their family. In the United States, as soon as you are adults, you can move out of the house of your parents. It's very common in my country that you are over 30. And you stay in your mom and dad because in our culture, like, if you don't get married, you don't get out of the house. Yes, exactly. It's the same as the same period. You have the same values, girls. Also, another thing that is common in both Dominican Republic and Philippines is a song that is working. That this song supports the family and the people. It's all in like, if there is a family member that gets a lot of money suddenly, like, everybody feels. Also, like, when someone is traveling, they can send boxes of clothes and food and whatever. They have buy-in boxes. Yes, they have here. You guys call them buy-in boxes. We don't have a name for it. We just say, I got the suitcase. The suitcase. The suitcase translates as the logo. It's full of everything. So, that's what we want. The logo is here from the US and it brings a lot of stuff for the family to enjoy. Number five is warm hospitality. The kindness of the people. Dominicans are very kind, very warm. And the Filipinos disinquit that they need. Filipinos is even kind. They are like, okay. Dominicans are kind and we help each other in everything. But we are Filipinos. Very much available. That's the thing. For example, foreigners, like, you guys don't have back in the ancient Laiúgen. They want to help. Yeah. Because you are interested in promoting the kindness of your people to all of you from other countries. It's true. It's like, you guys say, like, everybody smiles. It's the same thing in my country. Like, everybody does everything smiling. Everyone looks very happy in general. We are happy people. Yeah, it is show. It doesn't matter. We are living in bad conditions. We are dealing with the devil. But I am happy. Number six, the weather. Yeah! The symbols of the Dominican Republic and the Philippines. Tropical weather. Yeah. And which is hot and humid. Yeah. Temperatures ranging from 24 degrees Celsius degree. Who's 35 degrees Celsius degree in the Dominican Republic. But you guys could go higher up to 40 degrees. Yeah. Depending on the region. So yeah. The Philippines is a bit hotter than the sun. Yeah. The Philippines is a bit hotter. But we have kind of like the same weather. And also like, we have the same seasons more or less. Like, we don't have no seasons. No seasons. It's the only season. It's the only summer all year. It's the only season. It's the only season that all we have. That's all we have. It's the same thing. Yeah. So, it's familiar. Number 7 is love for food. Yeah. And the Philippines does include food. Yes. The Dominican celebrates by eating. Yeah. So, all our celebrations are related to food. So, I have noticed that here food is so shallow. Yeah. Like it's so shallow. Like if you gather with somebody, you have to eat. Yeah. Okay. So, it's kind of like the same with the Dominican, like the Philippines and the Dominican. We love food. And we love to share food with people, you know? Yeah. No one likes to eat alone. So, yeah. We like to share our food together. Number 8, language influence. Yeah. We know that Filipino language has many influences. But one of those influences is Spanish. And which one is the official language of the Dominican Republic? If you guys Spanish, you are correct. That's right. So, we have so many like things in common in terms of languages. Today, like there was a person talking to us and she was saying empleados, weldos. And then she translated that to English and we were just laughing. Right. You don't need to translate that. Because that's literally like we understand that because that's in Spanish, literally. We all know that Filipino have a lot of words in Spanish. Yeah. And in this channel, we have made several contents comparing Spanish words and Filipino words that come from Spanish. But if you want us to do like a video, revise version of all the words that we know now. And I would say Filipino. You can let us know in the comments. Number 9, the peso. The coin, the currency. The currency in the Dominican Republic is called peso. Dominican. That's right. In the Philippines is called the Felipe. So, Philippine. That's right. But not only that, the colors of our bank notes is this thing. They look, they look alike. And not only the looks, the value is almost the same. One peso Filipino equals one peso Dominican. Basically, yeah. So it's insane. That was one of the things that we're talking for us. We're really right here and not trying to translate like all the peso to dollars because there's no need. Like I translate peso to peso and then I know if it's something it's too expensive. But like seriously, not only our money look alike, but also worth the same. Yes. That's insane. That's insane. And number 10, the last one the most difficult. It's the natural beauty of our country. So we all know that Philippines is naturally illegal. You guys have mountains, you have beaches, you have portedera. You have waterfalls, you have mountains. You have a lot of things. But we don't have mountains. We have mountains. We do have. We have beaches and we have mountains, areas and forest and all this stuff. They are very similar to the Philippines. And we're going to make a video about places in the Dominican Republic that are very similar to places that are here in the Philippines. Let us know in the comments if that's a content that you want to see. Otherwise I'm not going to do any exact thing. Because who's going to watch it? It's the only thing. But yeah, like when we arrived here we were like, oh my god, this looks like the Dominican Republic. Yeah. Like they were so similar but we know that we are not having a good time. But in the end we got the only difference in the environment is that you guys are literally Asian people. But you look more luxurious because the buildings are taller. Yeah, the Philippines is extra. You know? The R is 10% and then the Philippines is 100%. But yeah, in no seriousness like our countries, both of our countries have beautiful landscapes, natural beauty, natural resources. Yeah. Excellent to be discovered by everyone. Yeah. Even caves. Yeah, I'm going to save you guys' haptics. Anyways, that's the top 10 similarities between the Dominican Republic and the Philippines. If you want to watch a content about the differences, let us know in the comments. We can make that a list as well. Thank you so much for watching and thank you to our patrons and supporters. Thank you so much to our patrons Emilio Valmike Valdum, Pogipinoi, Tita Wang, Desk Jog, Fred Cabriel, David Sans and Andrew Shika. Also here she's out to our verified and certified solunatics, especially Sherry Flore, Janice, Kenne Hugh, Clengeng, Brianca Mussora, Ehi, AJ Primesias, Tish 21, Jokari Sang, Stelberry Jen, Gabe, WV, Roal, Sherbon, Don Rotopuso, Emilio Taveras, Pinoy, OFW Adventure, Six Man, Archie and Mardee. And now, what? This video. Right here is the comment that the YouTube's algorithm is especially for you. Keep going, it's right now. Keep going, it's right now.