 Assalamualaikum, I am Paktadinsa, I am in China, I am a Youtube fan and dog. I am Zahid. I am Ali, welcome to our Youtube channel, fun and today we are reacting our videos from Phil Pie. Before we start our reaction, make sure you turn that thumbs thing down there below, which means hit the like button and hit the subscribe button and then turn on notification bell. Venus follows on Instagram and Facebook page. Sunda Vah Kamiksa Instagram and Facebook page. So, let us know what you forward in the Phil Pie telling comments, what you left the few telling comments and today we are reacting our video about Phil Pie. There is a guy from Pakistan and this is a vlog video and we like to do vlog videos and this is a Pakistani guy, he can all country guy to go to the Phil Pie and what happened, what the vlog is, we see in this video. Zahid, can you tell the title of this video? Yes, of course, the title of this video is welcome to Phil Pie's Pakistani food in Manela. Yeah, in Manela there is a title of this video and original video link in the description. We have channel having this channel, channel link. To that channel and subscribe to this channel and we will have to do our reaction and this guy is making too many videos. Yeah, I am really excited to see this video because our country vlogger. Yeah. Let's start reaction. Reaction. Wow. That's a guy. Abdul Wadi, Abdul Wadi and Mani and popular. Yeah, it's so popular in Pakistan. Wow. Yeah. It's really good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. San. Yeah. Oh yeah yeah. Yeah. So, here is the condition of the HALKAPULGA. You get the motorbike use, you get the application on the screen. You get the application on the screen. It is a very good name. So, if you download the application and ask for the bike, you can go through it quickly. It is a very good place. And for that, we talked about the accommodation. There are many options here. There are many hostels here. This is the main area of Makati. So, I have taken this hostel of the Akrivan North Island. And what is inside this? This is the breakfast being included. And this is the center of the Makati. The nightlife is inside the center. It is a very good hostel. I like it. But I will go ahead and check it out. If I am here, I will go somewhere else. I will go to the hotel. The beach is over there. And the first thing I want to do here is I have a currency exchange. I have a 100,000,000,000,000 money. So, if you exchange currency, you can go to the shop and see that there is a little traffic in the area. So, the best route you get is exchange currency from there. And then I have purchased the same card. Here, the same card is normally available in Akrivan. It is a 100-pays, which is 2 dollars. So, there is no balance in it. The data is available on the internet. So, what I have done is I have put the data in Akrivan. The 5 GB data is also available in Akrivan. The 5 GB data is sold in Akrivan. Basically, after the package is sold, I have 5 GB data. I have used it for 10 days. And I have bought this from Akrivan. And here, I have tried to get a garden in the area. It is a beautiful place. And it is a very convenient place to see the landscape of the village. So, here, the area of the village is very attractive in it. You can visit it. And then, the whole Manila city is there. And there is a lot of tourist attraction. You can visit it one by one. And here, I have come for 10 days. I have come for 10 days. I have a lot of time to explore. And then, I have come for 10 days. And then, the second city of South East Asia, is in the country. This is Thailand, Malaysia. It is called Vagra, Singapore. So, it is very nice. There is a room and one way of flights is very easy. And it also takes less time. But here, the system here is very expensive. Because I have taken flight from Singapore. It was 4 hours of flight. And the thing I have read, I have read it from 40 to 50 rupees. But in the end, it was very expensive in Singapore and in the end, it was very expensive. So, I thought, why not go here? There is a lot of traffic here. And there is a lot of traffic. So, I cannot come here again and again. This is a country where all the cities are located, and you have to take a flight. Because, it is a sea-boost city. And there is a sea-boost. When you cross the road, you will think that this is also a Pakistani system. People who are in Pakistan, they do not think that they are crossing the road. They do not think that they are crossing the road. So, think that if you are not going to cross the road, you will not be able to cross the road. And the road is very unbalanced. The road here is very unstable. People are coming from this. Because this is the two-way city. But, the road is very difficult. You think that it is a two-way road. You think that it is a two-way road. You know, when you cross the streets of every place. So, let's talk about food. There are many Pakistani restaurants here. First, I have told you that there is only one restaurant in the country. But here, you know that there are many restaurants here. And you will get to know the place. So, I will show you now. What happened in the morning? There is also McDonald's in the first-foot. There is also a McDonald's capsule. McDonald's had a dinner there. So, I had a breakfast there. I had a coffee in a burger. And I had a cold drink and chips. So, I had only a bowl of rice. But, here in Pakistan, there is a restaurant. I will go there and eat there. And, I will tell you again. This is the area of Makati. There are many places. You will find out if you are in New York or Jakarta or Bangkok. There are many beautiful buildings and parks. There are nightlife, all the things here are available. There are other things here. People are also good to be very honest. Friendly people. Wow! That's the beauty of this. That stage in Pakistan is great. What a place to be in India. Because there are people coming here from the East to the East. Also, part-time there is laptop and laptop. So, you create biggest, massive space! sell there. You can receive it. You can get the speed at夜. traffic jams That's our night time We are going to see Shisha This is a main station in the city I didn't know where this station is But I searched for the place where it is located I found out that this station is a main station When I got the hostel I found this street that was in front of me I didn't know that this is the system The night is very fun here All tourist places are here We will get all the tourists here And it is very fresh and colorful And it is lighting So this is the place where you can do a night life Oh, beautiful It's cold here Oh, it's cold No Indian Baccala We were in a Pakistani restaurant We are in Manila This is a restaurant that is called Kavabh Kadez This is the restaurant The other one is the general of the city It is in the middle of the city They told me that we have to go there And we have to go to the restaurant And we have to go to the rivers We have come here We have to go to the first day And we will go to the first day And tell us how you are doing It is very fresh And tell us about the restaurant This is a Pakistani restaurant In this In this world The food that is eaten in the Indian Basically, our Pakistani food is very different Fewworking workers used to carry food So the food is very yummy We sweetheart We are preparing for authentic Your e-made kebab meals is very traditional But our Indian community is very good here While we are together And we are preparing for 450 alternate breakfast So this is a very good restaurant, they are menu, in the same place, you can see a plate, Barbecue, and I have also told that they have a taste, they are not in the same place, and Barbecue dishes, you can see, chicken is thick, single 250 pesos, you can see that I have made it in $1.50 and double double, that means 2 pieces, you can see chicken green booty, chicken booty, and here, chicken malai booty, very good dishes, that means, the Barbecue, you can see, the next dish is called, the next dish is called, here, here, here appear the whole Zaand Maiji, here, here appears the whole Zaand Maiji, here is comparably the whole generation, here is comparably the whole generation, here is comparably the whole generation, here is nowhere to be found, here isother sunrise to hanging elevations, here isother sunrise to hanging elevations, here isother sunrise to hanging elevations, you are il Woow ml1 Here sttw I found today we already hope giving you a video we love the video because there is a Pakistani video and we have seen the Pakistani restaurant and the house is called in Navalala Malayla and it is so amazing to see this vlog you will check to this vlog and this is a challenge too because he make too many videos about fill points and today we see a one-up and if you want to we would like to more videos of this vlog or telling comments we will definitely do react. Yeah of course. So subscribe to our channel and like our videos and also comment videos what is your thought and what is your opinion about our videos and our reactions tell in comments. Yeah tell in comments and what you want to react on the next video tell in comments you send a link or just type a name in the comments. Yeah so let's go in the next video. Allah Hafiz. Allah Hafiz. Peace.