 I'm happy to see you again in the video concerning the Philippines. First of all, I want to thank you for the messages from Souta, for the emails I received. It's been a lot of fun. Thank you very much. So, first of all, I'm going to the Philippines for a month. I have visited three different places. Palawan, Sebu and Mindenau in the south. What you have to know is that in the Philippines, there are more than 7,500 islands. So on Sebu, I had the chance to meet dancers who made me visit the island. I even have it with me and that I will talk about it in the next video. So, at the transport level, to travel in the island, you have two options. Either the plane, or the boat. The boat is much longer. The plane has two big companies. Erasia and Sebu Pacific. If you want to make long distances from the inside of the island, you have two options. Either the van, or the bus. So, the bus is the option to less expensive. And honestly, in the Philippines, the price of the bus costs really, really nothing at all. When I made long distances, I took every time to the bus. It's the same, every time I went back to the bus, people were very surprised to see me. But it's just my own, it's funny. So, in fact, I used an app. It's a GPS, you don't need to internet. So, every time, I knew where I was. And also, something that I liked in the Philippines, is that taxi drivers don't try to make me drink. The bus was the same. And also, something that I found funny too, is when I went to the shopping malls, when I bought it for example, a glass, and there were vendors who hid when they saw me from the far. And then, what I did was that I asked them why you hid. And in fact, after that, they explained to me that they are very, very shy. And when they saw strangers, they didn't speak English. I think it's something cultural. If you have more information about this, don't hesitate if you like. And something that is really cool in the Philippines, is that the Filipino travel a lot inside the Philippines. It means that you can meet in the areas of the youth and be able to discuss with them. So, the Philippines is a country that is much less exploited by the tourists than Thailand. So, it means that the service to the clientele is sometimes not top. So, as long as it is strange when you go to the Philippines, you have to be careful when you go. When you go in tourist places, there is really no problem. It's really safe. But when you slow down a little bit, you have to be careful when you walk the night. For example, you go through a scooter tour together. Come on, let's go, let's go.oph разб the Personally I have never made any need for stories whenarna they see you... and be careful. See you soon for a new video. Don't forget to subscribe to the channel, like, comment and share the video if you like it. Don't worry, and be happy. Peace!