 In this video, I'm going to show you six mature age Filipinas who are looking to marry a foreigner. Now, these Filipinas are all aged between 40 and 58. So if you're a guy who's looking to date and then marry a Filipina and you're looking for a really serious relationship, then this video is going to be for you. Now, it's not like the previous video I did, which has been quite popular where it was about the younger Filipinas with older foreign guys. If you haven't seen that video and you'd like to have a look at that one, then I'll have a card at the end of this video which you can click on and it'll take you straight there. Now, the criteria I put in the search to find these six mature Filipinas. First of all, they had to be either single, widowed, annulled or divorced. And yes, you can get divorced in the Philippines under certain circumstances. For the general population, divorce won't be an option in the Philippines, but there are certain circumstances, as I say, such as if you're married to a foreigner and you get divorced, then you can apply for what they call recognition of divorce, which once it's accepted by the courts, the Filipina would be free to re-marry. The other criteria we've popped in here is the woman doesn't want children in the future has to have at least four photographs logged in in the last week so we want to make sure they're being active on here. They must have some sort of information in their buyer, not just saying they're a simple woman or they've just only got a few words and they've got a little bit more than just a couple of words. They've also got to have a minimum of four pictures. Now before we talk about Aliah here, if you want to join Christian Filipina, it is free to do so. And it's quite easy. Just click my affiliate link in the pen, comment and description and you can then view thousands of Filipina profiles. But you will need to upgrade up here. If you wish to interact with the Filipina self, you wish to chat with them or to do video calls. You will need to upgrade for that, but it gives you a good look at the site. And you can see what women are there that are looking for a serious relationship with a foreigner. So we'll get straight into this video. I'll try and go through these as quick as we can. And first up, as I said earlier, we've got Aliah, who's 58 years of age and she's from Takla Bam in the Philippines. She says here that she's reserved and shy and would like to meet one who is willing to overcome it. And the same page of honesty, knowing that we're on borrowed time and life makes use of it wisely. Always aware of God's presence in our life. So she hasn't got a lot there, but it's better than just a couple of words. Ideally, we want a little bit more than that, which some of the other ladies will have. And if we scroll down, we can see she's got their five pictures and we can quickly go through those pictures to get an idea of what she looks like. And some information there. She's looking to meet a foreign guy around the age of 60 to 70. No strict daydream. So she says she's single now. I want to just make a point here about Filipinas on dating sites when they put single. That's something you've really got to talk to them about. If you find a woman on a dating site that you do like and she says single, well, her definition of single may be different to what our definition is. Single to her may be that she was married, but she's now separated and she's no longer classing herself as married when in the eyes of the law in the Philippines. If she was married and that say they separated 20 years ago and there's been an element, the husband's still alive, then she's still classed as a married woman, which has quite significant consequences or possible consequences in the Philippines if you're involved with a married woman. They do have laws over there around adultery and that sort of thing. So just be aware of that. Now, going on further, she's had a bachelor's degree and she doesn't have children and she doesn't want children, which is all part of our criteria and she's willing to relocate if she finds the right man. And of course, she was logged in the same day. I am recording this video, the 21st of December. So if you like the look of earlier and you might want to contact her via Christian Filipina, you know, either jot down her user ID here or I will put them also in the description for each of these ladies. I'll write down that user ID information. So our next lady will be Linn is 51 and she's widowed and her number is 2777690. 4933. Linn's from a province of Cason in the Philippines and she's got a bit more information here. This is a sort of information we want to see and a little bit more than just a couple of words or even a few lines. She says that she's widowed and retired from her corporate job. It still had plans to be employed again. I make myself busy cooking and doing a lot of chores and errands on Catholic and choir members out of our church and attend Sunday Mass and Bible study weekly. She's fond of reading movies, music, karaoke, Zumba and travel. I also love nature parks, beaches, lakes, farm and resort. I pray that God will send me a godly person whom I will spend the rest of my life and be happy again. We'll take care of each other and we'll hold hands in good and bad times. I want to man with a strong sense of humour. We may have different culture but we'll be united in faith as Christians. I love reading everyone's profile here and they're quite addicting. There's one who is like a power or writer and his writings made me teary-eyed. It's so heartwarming also to see men who truly believe in God. Thank you all, especially to God because you make each day worth living. I lost the love in my life, being my forever. Obviously, she was very happily married and it was a sad time when her husband passed on but now she's looking to be happy again with somebody else. We've got to stack a picture here and we'll quickly go through it. Lynn sounds like from a profile she's quite educated and she says here she's looking for a man of 45 to 65 but the age limits are not strict. As we say she's widowed, has a bachelor's degree. She has children at home part time and she doesn't want any more children and she's also willing to relocate. And she was also a lot been today. And again, Lynn's profile number 2776933. Now, her next lady will be Shirley, she's 51, she's single, she's from Perseus City in the Philippines. I've got a very simple woman, God-fearing, easygoing and not hard to please. I don't drink or smoke. I'm seeing serious relationship that leads to marriage. Age doesn't matter. I have two grown-up sons and one daughter. I love outdoors like beach, hiking, jogging and outing with my family and friends. Again we've got some photos, quite a few photos. All natural around the house or around her city. A place that she may have been to. She's always good. She's looking to meet a man up to the age of 75. Again, age, Lynn, it's an old strict. She says she's single but as I mentioned earlier, check that with her and or any other filipena for that matter, who's either single. You can always get a cinema which is a certificate of marriage which is a government document. If you want to be 100% sure on her singleness, let's say, to make sure that she is single and she is able to be married in the Philippines. She says down here she has children at home full-time. She doesn't want any more children. I'm assuming those children at home are probably at least teenage, just probably adults and she's willing to relocate. Again, there's her number, two, one, three, one, nine. Now, well, as I say, put them into the description of this video. The next one we're looking at is Mariah, who's 49 and single, two, one, seven, three, two, four, eight. Pop that in there and click on Mariah and she's from Cazone City and Metro Manila, she's in the big city. Fair bit of information here, great day, gentlemen. I'm Mariah, I'm here to find a serious relationship on this site. I'm grateful for all I have and enjoy the simple things in life. I do my best to live in a manner. For me, treat others the way you want to be treated. My love family and friends describe me as simple, thoughtful, respectful, softhearted and sometimes funny. I'm really serious searching relationship that will last to the end. Can lead to marriage. I believe in true love. I believe God will find me the right person at the right time, even I'm getting older and she has a little laugh about that. Please, please, guys, honest only. I love cooking, singing and videoke. Well, what Filipina doesn't like videoke. Not too many. Always walking, especially when I buy goods from my Suri, Suri store, it's also good for the heart and health. I like dancing too. Do you like to dance on the rooftop together? Life is too short, live to the fullest. Always focus on the good and choose to be happy. I'm looking for a man at serious, searching relationship too. He must be kind, respectful, gentleman, faithful and, of course, faithful. She has another little charcoal. I think she got a bit of a sense of humor this lady. Willing to love and be loved. Thanks so much, guys, to viewing my profile. God bless us all. So she's put a bit in there, but you can get a lot from what she says there. So if you like the sound of her, she might be one fear to contact it and investigate a little further, plenty of pictures. So she's got the idea on how these dating sites work, unlike many Filipinas who just have limited information and only want to pictures. So this is obviously the Suri, Suri store she was speaking about. So there we go. That's Lynn's photos. So she's looking for someone 55 to 70 with no strict age limits. She says she's single and she doesn't want children in the future. Now next mature lady looking for a foreigner to marry is Christine. She's 44 years of age and she comes from San Juan Metro Manila. A user ID, if you want to go down to 288-0818. She says she's a single mom with two grad kids. I love to read the Bible, watching movies, series and Korean drama. Many Filipinas love their Korean drama and Filipino drama for that matter as well. I'm looking for an honest trustworthy genuine loyal and most especially God-fearing man. I hate scammers, especially those who are asking money from a woman. Well that's a turn on the tables and I'm sure they're out there though. I really do love traveling. It helps me to recharge from stress and I believe it would help a person to be more productive when they come back to work. So we've got a few photos here of Christine. There we go. And she's looking for someone 40 to 60 again, no strict age limits. She says she's single, backslars degree. She has children at home full-time. She doesn't want any more kids and she's willing to relocate as well. Now we move on to our next mature Filipino looking to marry a foreign man. We have V is 40. Her number is 1, 2, 0, 3, 6, 6, 8. V comes from Suburb. There's a fair bit to read here. I read a bit of it. I don't know if I read it or you can actually read it yourself. We don't want to go too long on the video or any longer than necessary. I went up that my profile today June 19, 2023. So that was when she's last updated at Pride Park, not when she was last logged in. Because it's unvisited and outdated. What I'm looking for here is someone who's open-minded, seriously looking for companionship. I have three kids, 17, 16, and 6, never been married. So she's telling you straight up that she's never been married. I want to mention that because I value honesty and integrity. I'm a loyal person, especially to my loved ones. I value order and I value health. I like camping, hiking, beaching and traveling. So as I say, there's quite a bit more information there, which I'll just let for you to read. But the information she gives you there is quite good compared to what you get from many Filipinas. Then we go down and look at her pictures and she's got some good pictures here. And she's a quarter-attracted woman. And we come down. She's looking to submit so on 36 to 70, no strict age limits. She's single graduate degree, which I would imagine from reading that prior for all I can see how she would have a graduate degree. She's got quite the English. She has children at home full-time. She doesn't want any more and willing to relocate. So again, if you're wanting to contact any of those ladies or any other of the tens of thousands of women on Christian Filipina, firstly, create your free account via my affiliate link in the pinned comment and description of this video. And then you'll need to upgrade by hitting this button up here, upgrade button, and you can get a paid account, which will give you full access to contacting and speaking with these Filipinas either messaging or via video chat, depending on which package you choose. And as I mentioned earlier in this video, that we did our video previously, which is titled, Seven Beautiful Filipinas, looking to marry old Afrinas. It's going great with the views and the responses fantastic. If you haven't seen it yet, be sure to check it out by clicking on the card appearing on screen now. And don't forget, guys, to subscribe to the channel, like the video and put your comments below. And if you know anyone who may like this video, share it around. Until the next video, thanks for watching, stay safe and take care.