 I feel a little bit guilty. It's different languages in each province. It's so hard to understand. So how can I understand everybody in 80-80 provinces? What's up, Philippines! Wow, that took me a lot of energy. It is a little bit late, but it is fine because I am alone here and I'm currently watching a few videos and I thought I'll do some reactions as well because I love doing those. And today I am reacting to Jessica Lee's video, why I can't speak Filipino even after 9 years in the Philippines. And I must say, I feel a little bit guilty because I can speak the language fluently either. I do understand and can make sense of certain sentences and words. I do have a few things that I know and speak, but for the most part I am very much relying on most of the country speaking English, which has been a huge factor during my travels and I figured out, wow, everybody speaks English, even the people in the mountains with the rest of the sky from the Ifugau. He spoke perfectly English and that absolutely blew my mind. So I just want to see what Jessica has to say, shall we? Hey guys, it's Jessica here. As you guys all know, the full-pean celebrates its Guanang Rika with month. I know it's a little bit late, it's already the end of August, but I still didn't want to make a video celebrating this month because it's a month where we celebrate and promote the national language of the Philippines. Filipino. So in today's video, I didn't want to talk about my relationship with the Filipino language and my history. Also, I love the animation series, some concerns and questions that you guys have been constantly bringing up on my channel. I just do it with my poor Tagalog. I actually learned about Guanang Rika when I first came to Philippines in my early days here in the Philippines because in my school in Bacolid when I was an elementary, every August, there would be a week where we had to wear Filipino national attire instead of uniform. Interesting. We would sometimes even perform, there would be school festivals where we perform traditional Filipino dances and everything and I had so much fun. Okay, wait a second, yeah, I forgot she went to school here so it would make sense that she speaks the language. But I don't know, I spoke Italian at some point and I forgot most of it. It was a great opportunity for me, I guess, to naturally really immerse myself into this part of the Philippines culture. So before anything, let me introduce myself in Filipino. Hi, I'm just talking about my Asian language. I'm not talking about Tagalog. I'm in Korea, I'm in Bacolid because I was in Nakatira because of a colored form of a Japanese word. Okay, I know I could make sense of that as well. My channel for a long time, you would know this but for those who are new to my channel, I do think that it's necessary that I mention this. In order for me to answer the question of why am I not fluent in Tagalog yet. In order for me to answer this, I need to go back to the time when I first came to the Philippines. So it's a very time to learn English. So the total of years I stayed in Bacolid was around five years. So the language they speak in Bacolid is not the galod. They speak hili ga inon. I've been calling it in Longo because that's how I remember calling it when I was in Bacolid even among with my friends. But the language called the language they speak in Bacolid is hili ga inon guys, hili ga inon. So when I first went to Bacolid and I heard people speaking in hili ga inon. I thought that was the Filipino language, you know. I was talking to realize that the Philippines actually has 120 different languages. I just... That's also another point that I wanted to mention. So a lot of people said, learn the language, learn the language. And I was like, but if I learned Tagalog, people in Manila understand me but if I go to different places to Ilokos or like she said, ilo ilo bacolid mandoro. Oh no, not mandoro. Whips. Mandalao. It's different languages. It's different languages in each province. It's so hard to understand and make sense. I like even you guys comment in different languages and dialects and it's just so wow overwhelming. I mean we have nine regions in nine provinces in Austria. Philippines has over 80. 80. And it's hard to understand those people in Austria in my own language. So how can I understand everybody in 80 totally get her point. Wow. Bacolid is the Philippines. That's what I thought in the beginning and it was only later when I had to take Filipino classes in school that oh, the Filipino is the national language. Yeah. Hili ga inon is not. But then it was very easy for me to adapt hili ga inon because I was young and also my friends would speak to me in hili ga inon. And I remember I would also respond in hili ga inon by the time. So I did understand hili ga inon and spoke conversational hili ga inon when I was in Bacolid. I never really made an effort to learn the language. It just came to be naturally. The language that I really made an effort on to learn is really English because as I told you I was also not fluent in English. So in a place where it was even hard for me to catch it with English learning hili ga inon plus the ga look that was too much for me. So I really focused on English by the time and that continued even when I moved to Luzon in the area where people spoke in the ga look. First of all I also have to admit the fact that in my school everyone was speaking in English and like the school in Luzon where they still spoke a lot of hili ga inon. That's why I really wasn't able to make the time and effort to learn the ga look consciously. But still I'm living in the fallpins. So obviously I hear the conversational hili ga in the way and eventually I was able to understand all of them and the only time when I realized that I really had to speak the ga look and the way the ga look was after my high school graduation. Oh interesting. So that was a time I started you know consuming lots of different Filipino media just so I can familiarize myself with the language. So I also don't forget because I was in Korea. So I was already forgetting Filipino and I can relate. Okay I can relate. I just mentioned earlier on. I learned Italian. I was fluent in Italian was the best in my class and then I didn't speak it for years and then I couldn't even you know speak a one sentence properly so wow I can relate so much. But now I'm back in the Philippines and I am still I.N.G in the process. Yes learning the ga look. So I would say that I'm like the living representation that shows the diversity of the Philippines in terms of the language because as I said there are many different languages in the Philippines and I'm pretty sure there are people who face kind of the similar problem anywhere their first language isn't necessarily the official languages of the Philippines English or Filipino. So that would be the answer that I would give when you ask me why I cannot speak in the ga look fluently yet. Also I know four languages so English is my third language. If you followed me on my previous main blogging channel making a tap and blog you might also be aware that I have been daily vlogging for three years. Three years. Try doing a video for three years every day and then find some free time for some hobbies or to learn new things. It was really challenging I must say. I tried to learn a few things on the go of course I would also take notes. I had some of your sending me messages with some phrases that are very useful and that are used on a daily basis but honestly I just couldn't make the time for it. It was just a lot. Try daily vlogging for a week and you will understand. But I know that it might be an excuse you know I still had enough time to learn the ga look but I would say I was subconsciously affected by the social dilemma here in the Philippines that it just came to just know how to speak in English and I think that's one of the biggest merit that the Philippines has as a country because it is really not easy to find a country where most of the people that speak very fluent English but I feel like because of this notion there is also the boys in opinion that the Filipino language is now slowly dying. We're afraid that the we had a video about that. We'll really eventually not get any attention because nowadays more and more kids are being raised with English as their primary language. So of course I'm not saying this as an excuse that I don't have to learn Filipino because it is acceptable for me to just speak English in the Philippines. I still stand firmly with the idea that I have to always work harder on learning Filipino because still I know majority of the people in the Philippines are more used to their own languages in their own regions either that be a developed, a great guy known. So if I don't know Filipino then the possibility for me to communicate with more amazing people out there in the Philippines is gone. Okay and then also something that I realized is when I'm with my Filipino friends you know they're cracking jokes in Tagalog and I cannot follow. I you know I'm left out not by them it's me so I have to make the effort to understand the language as well to kind of like nobody are talking about, nobody are giggling about and also it's part of the culture but as Jessica said the language is kind of like dying we had a video about that it will pop up right here or here quite interesting approach. She's very articulate about you know this topic I love it. I know a lot of you guys have been asking this question and leaving lots of comments that I should switch to speaking in Filipino in my videos because that's always better. I do think that I have those people as well. It's very deep and beautiful. Again I know every language evolves and it always reborns into a new form and shape depending on the current social atmosphere and now we're living in the world where social media is literally part of our souls. So I know that Filipino language also transforms. There are a lot of new terms right, new slangs and all of that. So now Filipino language kind of seems very casual but if you take a deeper look into the language and you know read those classic Filipino literatures or Filipino poems I get so shocked. So I started my Filipino lesson with a tutor a few months ago although I had to stop recently because I went to Korea. We actually looked at different Filipino poems and wow. I remember in high school when I got to learn about some Filipino literatures and deep the gala, the world of deep the gala, I was so impressed. How beautifully the words were put together. It just sounds so nice. It also reminded me of Korean how in Korean language there are so many things that cannot be replaced in English. You know where like you can kind of translate but it just doesn't do it justice. Like there's so many words like that in Filipino. Same in Korean. That kind of Filipino is the kind of Filipino I would like to speak. I do not want my Filipino to sound like something that's just cute to see because my Tagalog really is in a form where it's just not it you know. And another reason to be that because my Filipino isn't fluent I won't be able to deliver message as clearly as I would if I spoke in English. And you know also I realized when I started speaking English I needed a lot of time to express my feelings in that language. My character to kind of like show you who I am as a person me as Nelly was so difficult to articulate in a different language because I grew up speaking mostly German but also super creation. So I have these two very different languages and then I have English as well. So then I got confused with American English. I learned British English in school. So a lot of factors that kind of like confused me but I do agree with her. Filipino is a very soft and beautiful language and German is not. I love talking literally in most of my videos it's me talking so it's very important that I am able to convey the message very well to you guys. And I know by this point you might also misunderstand that I am trying to give you an excuse to just keep on speaking in English but again I'm really learning. And I'm feeling that so much nowadays which is also the reason why I'm making this video. I've been shooting episodes for Trebao Season 2 Trebao is a series that I made here on my channel where I try out different jobs here in the Philippines. So I'm so curious you should check it out. I need to directly communicate with my boss or you know my coworker of the day because he or she has to teach me all the work. And the reason shooting I did the kuya who was teaching me he was more comfortable in speaking in Filipino obviously than English. That means I needed to speak in Filipino as much as possible so you know we can communicate better. But you know my dialogue is so bad that I keep like mixing it with English and I sound so connoir. I hate it. I really hate it but I still tried. So I was just trying my English and because I was trying my best he was also trying his best to speak in English. I just felt so bad guys because you know you're not obligated to speak in English you know. I am all motivated to speak in Filipino. For me you know I felt so bad in English. Hence the reason why again I got motivated to how I would should really improve on my Tagalog. Although I know I am slowly proving I can also feel it. I can understand more. Language I would say is one of the most precious assets. It is. And in the Philippines they have so many of it. And although I know that it is the government's job to preserve and protect those languages that may have been abandoned by its people. At the same time I think there's a need for us individuals as members of the Philippine Society to stay passionate about these topics. So I guess that was it for today's video. I hope you don't. Amazing! I love that she did this video because I can relate to all of the points that she mentioned. Great job Jessica. Finally somebody did a video. So next time I get a comment why you not speaking the language. I will probably just post a link of this video and she explained everything that makes sense to me as well. Nevertheless I have to say it's always a beautiful thing to know some basics. So wherever you are wherever you travel to try to understand bits and pieces like you know my name is Akwashi Nelly. Also say you know small things like thank you. Welcome. You know just like small things that make people smile because it's those things that make people feel like you can. And it is one of the most beautiful things to just know that this person who traveled across the world made the effort to learn a few words that make you smile. So that was it for today. I hope you enjoyed this video. I definitely did. I mean Jessica does such a great job with her videos. I love it. That's why I keep reacting to her videos. It's just very educational but also entertaining. So definitely check out her channel as well. And I'll see you guys next time here on What's up Philippines. Oh don't forget to subscribe. Salamat.