 Hello guys, this is Shoesmith. Right, today I'm reacting to this video. Geography now, Philippines. Well, at the moment I have absolutely no idea what this video tells you about. Is this serious geography video or just comedy stuff? Well, let's get into it. If you enjoy the content, give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing if you did. So, let's get into it. If you don't know anything about Asia, the Philippines is like the jolliest of them all. They're just happy, fun, jolly people. And you know what? It's been three years. I'm not taking this anymore. I've been pushed around, I've been threatened, I've been thrown at the dungeon, I've been the butt of all the jokes. I'm the Filipino one. This is my time. My time! Duh! Wow. Go to fire. Welcome to the Philippines. My turn. Okay. Wow, looking forward to it. To the geography now! Hey everyone, I'm Ken. And as you know, I'm half Filipino. Years ago, I was looking for a job and I saw this ad asking for a motion graphics animator on Craigslist. Paul and I literally met up at a jolly bee for my interview. He said I was his top three candidates. In reality, there were only three candidates that applied, so technically I didn't lie. But yeah, the other two people kind of sucked, so yeah. And back then, I had this weird mustache and Paul's hair was basically this thing. Ken and I have been talking for a long time and we agreed Ken definitely has to be in this episode. You've come so far from that Craigslist jolly bee interview, you've earned this. Thanks. Andana, Maximula. What? The Philippines is an interesting country because there's sort of a dichotomy between labels. If you ask a Filipino if they consider themselves Asian or Pacific Islanders, you might get contrasting answers. What do you consider yourself Ken? Eh, I always thought Pacific Islanders sounded kind of cool, so I usually stuck with that. So first of all, the Philippines is a tropical archipelago of over 7,000 islands, about 2,000 which are inhabited. And it is the largest island nation without any land wars or shared island territory. What an evolution. The country is located in Southeast Asia, straddling the Philippines Sea in the North, the South China Sea in the West, and the Sulu and Celebus Sea in the South. Just to skip away from the islands, the Borneo, which is split amongst three nations, at the closest point only about 22 miles or 40 kilometers away from the nearest island that belongs to the Philippines. Now in general, many people will refer to one of the three main island cluster regions that people are part of. There are La Sona in the North where you can find the capital Manila and where the Dua Fasala is. Yeah, that's the way I usually play. The Saya in the center and Mindanao in the South. Otherwise, the nation is made up of 17 regions, one of which is autonomous, the Bansomodo Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao. This place has a high level of self-rule and autonomy appointed by the government. I will explore more about this later. If you want to be absolutely technical, Guest and City, a bit north of Manila, is the largest city in the Philippines. However, the surrounding 16 towns and cities by Manila are called Manila Metro, for the National Capital Region, and they basically act as one unit. Otherwise, the largest city outside of the NCR are Devao City in Mindanao and Cebu in the Bias. Manila has the largest and busiest airport, Ninoi Aquino International Airport, which is basically the hub that reaches the entire NCR. They also have the busiest shipping port at the port of Manila. Otherwise, the second largest airport is Cebu Makdan International, and rounding out for third place is Devao City Francisco Bangoy International. I can tell you the land travel worth it. The Philippines is well connected amongst the islands. In fact, the longest highway is the Pan-Philippine Highway, that stretches about 3,500 kilometers across the country, and connects La Sona, Samar, Liet, and Mindanao. Oh, what a long round tunnel's connecting them. Finally, the Philippines has only two territorial disputes, the state of Sabah in Malaysia on North Borneo. The territory once had been part of the Sultanate of Sulu, a Muslim state that existed the 15th century to the 20th century, and that's a whole other story. As for the others' dispute, as we mentioned, quite a few times already, this whole area known as the Spratly Islands is a complete mess. If you don't know anything about this place, it basically goes like this. Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Yeah, it's pretty crazy. This is the map showing what everyone claims in the area. This big one right here is China's. Like, yeah, they just so complicated. This has even led to a few skirmish relationships that have been built about the territorial issues. And when these five ships that get too close, things can get kind of ugly. It's kind of like this. Hey, hey, hey, what are you doing? This is my area. I'm just doing some fishing and research here, you know. Why do you have a shovel then? Are you building something? Well, technically there's no land, a protruding from this reef, so there's no land. We are, yeah. So you're just going to build your own land. For research. You guys, I can't run. Anyway, here's some notable spots of interest. Fort Santiago, Magellan's Cross, San Agustin Church, Sagara hanging coffins, Agulando Shrine, Sabuz Philippine Taoist Temple, Shrine of Mama Mary in Tagaytai, the Lapu Lapu Shrine, Luneta Park, MacArthur Landing Site, Bonawai rice terraces, Blesa, Alacanian Palace, Big Island has many historical life. Oh, Big Island, yeah. The various national museums, history and arts, tons of amusement park, and that's not even including all the natural wonders of the Philippines. They have an underground river, the most amazing viewful of the Indian universe. Those are the place of life. I want to go there. And there's an island in a lake, in an island in a lake, in an island. Huh. We should hang out sometime. Yeah, when you have 7,000 tropical islands on a volcanic archipelago, chances are things can get pretty crazy landscape-wise, which brings us to... ...the actual physical land of the Philippines is the biggest treasure you will find here for sure. Anyway, the Philippines lies on the ring of fire and is specifically on a tectonic plate named after the ring of fire. And about 95% of the land is made up of the 11 largest islands. The country was essentially formed through the tectonic activity between the Philippine, Manila, and the Mindanao Trenching, the Mindanao being the second deepest in the world. This makes the country susceptible to small earthquakes in minor volcanoes. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. We're going to be in active volcanoes from the town. And all of these largest islands except for the top islands. Most famous and picturesque of these include these three. See this island here? Camiguin? It actually has more volcanoes than towns on it. Seven versus five, making it the place with the most novelable. On a whole other still active square kilometer in the whole world. In fact, the tallest peak in the Philippines is a potentially active volcano, Mount Apple, located in the south, in the now area. The country has numerous mountain ranges and highlands that dip into the fertile valleys, the largest range being the Cordillero range in the north Luson area, hooking into the Sierra Madre range on the east side, which feeds the longest river of the country, the Cagayan, that flows into the Cagayan valley. This valley, along with the Central Luson Valley, are the largest arable crop lands and produced nearly all of the rice in the valley. The Pisaes are known for growing the most sugarcane, whereas Mindanao specializes heavy in coconut and fruit production. Back in Luson, though, you can find the largest lake in the country, Lake Laguna the Bay, which is actually in the Caldera of Adormen, volcano. The lake has a weird detached island called Talim, and is actually drained by the Pasek River that flows through the capital Manila. And finally, the country is the heart of typhoon territory. They can come at almost any time of the year, the fictional experience on average about 20 of the turbulent storms annually, which often floods. Go, that's really tough. Yeah, if anything, Filipinos are the most cyclone-adapted people. Oh, really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Water has always been kind of their thing, swimming, sailing, fishing, just not exactly quite diving. Otherwise, the Philippines is one of the 17 mega-diverse nations on Earth. They actually have the largest level of marine biodiversity in the world within their waters and the highest rate of animal discovery. On the planet, with 16 new mammal species that were discovered in the past decade. Wow, that's interesting, from the longest snake in the world, the reticulated wild animal species. I'm going to say, in Philippine, it's called the World of Whale Sharks. Seven of the eight known species of giant clam are found in the Philippines. That's interesting. The world's smallest hoved animal, the Philippine Moustier. And their national bird is the world's biggest eagle. That's original. Speaking, the Philippines is considered a newly industrialized nation. It is transitioning out of becoming an agricultural-based system to a service and manufacturing right now. They have like three of the top 10 largest mauls on Earth. Ooh, just you wait. I'm taking the top spots. They're one of the fastest growing economies in Asia and as the 34th largest economy in the world, Virginia P. Purchasing Power Apparity has a power of 2 trillion dollar mark. Basically, the Philippines is definitely becoming a key power player. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. It's like, we're so rich. Welcome from something. For what is worth, though, mining is a difficult thing in the future. They are very the world's largest naval and palm tree. A whole new Japan, you know? And the second largest coconut producer after Indonesia. Tourism, though, is another important industry taking up about 8% of their GDP and playing over 3 million people. And now, food. Now, in the Philippines, every region has their own specialty. Yeah, that's what I interested in. Every dish looks like a very very very loaded. Lost additions you could eat comacan, camai, or eat with their hands. Yeah, pretty much everything has rice and then you're going to get a lot of grease and salt and vinegar and a lot of, like, I don't care if that looks like it goes there or not. I'm still going to eat it anyway. Right, Ken? Yeah, that's Filipino food. Yeah. There's really no official national dish, but three meals that are well known for are Adobo, Lupia, and Simeon. And in the non-Muslim parts, that's... Yeah, that's true. I like it. There are also dishes like... Tagalog, steak, non-opansit, lu-glue, karekarek, tabsilong, balut, and my favorite Filipino dish, Palabok, just a nice little lemon juice on it. Actually, I've got a nice jelly bean. If you don't know what jelly is, it's like the most popular fast food chain in the Philippines. It's like if McDonald's and KFC had no Philippines though, I may be. I may be. I may even have it to the menu for some reason. Otherwise, Filipinos are dessert experts. They love their ube. Ube, everything. Ube ice cream. Ube bread. Ube pie. Ube cakes. Oh, they also have like sapin, sapin and cassava cakes. Those are the best desserts in my opinion. They also have ho-hallo. Legend plan. Bukko pandan. And Buto. What you call me? If you're either Latin American or Spanish, you may notice some of those foods are also found in Latin cuisine. What? There's a reason for that. Yeah, let's go explain that in. Now, only in the Philippines, can you find people that have Spanish names, speak English, celebrate an austronesian culture and cook Chinese. General, the Carthor once said, give me a thousand Filipino solar panels. Your car's just so long. For the world. Yeah, for some reason, Filipinos are like the best friends of Asia. Filipinos still have the best attitudes and smiles. They even give time off felony sentences if the prisoner is volunteer to take part in a microjacks and dance performance to the island. But we're getting ahead of ourselves. First, the graph. The country is about 110 million people. 110 million people. Wow. My school is in the most popular country. There are about 175 ethno-languistic people groups in the Philippines. The majority of whose languages are austronesian. In these groups, the largest ones are the Tagalog. In the town of Australia. 28%. 13% are Simuano. 9% are Ilugano and 8% are Bicaya. The rest are made up of other groups plus a small minority of non-native citizens. Those are agents and Americans. It's important to note so. You guys don't understand the other languages, right? Wow. Why? It is one of the largest diaspora populations spanning over 100 countries. The US alone has about four million. I mean, they were at one point colonized by the US. So go figure. They use the Filipino peso as the currency. They use the text A, B, and C. Plug outlets and they drive on the right side of the road. Oh, and keep in mind, the word Pinoe is synonymous with something that is Filipino. You might see that use a lot. Now back to the ethnic groups thing. Since there are over 175 of them, you would think, how do they all come together? Well, the Philippines has two official languages. English, which makes it the fifth most English-speaking nation on Earth, and Filipino, which is the standardized version of the Galo. The Filipino Tagalog language spoken today is a very different from pure Duel. Oh, really? It actually has not 14% Spanish, 10% Malai, and 7% English mixed into it with a slew of other bar. Oh, really? You can see the influence in words like Binte Lador, Guapo, Sapatos, and Pamiria. Often, Filipinos will substitute an F with a P. Or a B with a B. Or a V with a B. Yeah, same with Koreans, actually. Oh, really? High five with minimal consonants. Yay! Oh, and Funfac can taught me this in Tagalog. You can actually say an entire conversation just using the syllable BAH. For example, BAH? BAH? BAH? BAH? BAH? BAH? BAH? Really? BAH? BAH? BAH? BAH? BAH? BAH? BAH? BAH? BAH? Well, that was fun. Otherwise, in the Bessias, I mean, the other... English. Wow. Wow. They even have the only Spanish-based Creole in Asia. Javacano, located in Zabuanga City. Now, the Philippines is unique in that over a past few centuries, they've gone through three periods that shaped their identity. Before European intervention, the Philippines has had a multitude of early civilizations that built kingdoms and dynasties like the Tondo, the Namayan, the Pangasinan, and the Sulu-Sontanian. I have absolutely no idea of all the Philippines, such as the Babayi, or the Rahuasca, or the Ascaya, and Gulita. Genetically, Filipinos are classified as belonging to the broader Austronesian people group with their closest cousins being the Micronesians, like the Mariana Islanders, Guam, and Palau. Although over the years, many people have mixed, and today it is speculated that somewhere around one fifth or more of the population may have some kind of Chinese ancestry. After the Spanish came in, they adopted many of the custom's traditions and cultural drinks which have Spanish rules. Spanish rules. They're only Spanish-based. After Spanish came Philip. The biggest trait, though, would be the fact that they are predominantly Catholic. At about 81% of the population adhering to the fate. The rest are mostly Protestant with a small Muslim minority and the South. I can't tell the difference. Philippines is the largest Christian nation in Asia, fifth largest Christian nation on Earth, and third largest Catholic nation after Brazil. Oh really? They have so many holidays and festivals devoted to Catholic themes, like all Saints Day, Holy Week, and Easter, and of course, the largest one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The Philippines has the longest Christmas season out of anywhere. Yeah, I know. Okay, so now we're going to wrap it viral from 12 on the whole of France for the Philippines. So long. You must have a ton of superstitions. For example, whistling at night will turn you to a werewolf. For formal occasions, you may see Filipinos wearing traditional barons for men and Maria Clatta or Mistise dresses for women. There are many other traditional costumes and customs for the other 170 ethnic groups. Too many to cover, but it goes everywhere. From feathers, coconut fibers, hair dresses, tribal tattoos, and so on. Speaking of which, the Philippines dominates major international beauty pensions. Yeah, I know. They're many beautiful gals. This world, this international and this Earth competitions. Basketball and boxing are the most popular sport by far. They have the oldest basketball league in Asia. Oh, really? The second oldest in the world after United States. And come on, we all know back now. The Philippines is the leading nation to bring the next sport nurses abroad. It's been said at one point every Filipino has their should I just drop everything and become a nurse moment in their life practice? That's a fact. I've had those. And the word Balik Bayan means returner or returning family. It is used when someone comes back from ex-pat work abroad. You might hear the honorific title of Paul, Paul, Paul for elders. And a lot of people often raise the backs of the hands of their elders to their forehead as a sign of respect and say bless. In the Philippines, you have your name and you have your Penoinic name and they get really weird and creative. Pepsi, Bingbong, Jellyboy, Pinky, Bumbum, and every Filipino on every island in every region can tell you. Filipinos are obsessed with... I don't know. They love first-year English. I was actually patented by a Filipino. I can hear them. I can hear them. Singing. And Papp, that obviously that means music is a big deal in the Philippines. Besides taking modern cues from American pubs, they also have traditional styles. Instruments include things like Guadjavi, Kilitang, Gimbal, Gubing, Antogali. In addition, there are many different styles of dance but the most famous one considered the national dance is denigling. Dance done between two pairs of perversicular bamboo poles that are clapped together as percussion tools. I didn't know that. We've their feet in and out in the spaces before getting hit or tripped. Now, on a bit of a more objective note, we do have to talk about some of the controversies. The Philippines is beautiful but if you've been keeping up with current events, they do have their fair share of issues that have made headlines. We don't share good coat everything here. Human trafficking, whether in the sex or in slavery, human trafficking, has been a problem in certain areas. And even though anti-trafficking acts have been passed by the government, enforcement has not always been on par. The drug trade has also been a major beginning for decades affecting millions of people in the country. This has led to the new controversial laws instituted by President Duarte which encouraged the public to seek bounty and exchange from the end of the whole process. This is illegal so. An insurgency in the predominantly Muslim Mindin' Out Region which sought to take parts of Eastern Malaysia and break away through conflict. The fight has been going on for nearly half a century and now it's just ending at the turn of the 21st century. Kind of. For what is worth though, in the Philippines, everyone is family at the end. You don't have to be related to anyone to call someone at the end or oh yeah. There's even a word by a nihan which means something like helping one another through community spirit without expecting anything to return. In any case, we got to finish the off-decegment with history. Austronesians tribal kingdoms insultin' it. This guy came to the islands. Catholicism comes in. Lapu Lapu and Magellan dies in battle. Five Spanish dudes followed through. They finally become a colony of Spain. The Galiant Trade. British Philippines. And then back to Spain. The Treaty of Paris. Philippine Revolution. This managed American wing. First Philippine Republic. Philippine American War. American occupation. World War II, Japan and Bates. American pushes them back. Finally, Philippine independence. Ferdinand Marcos turned from President to dictator. Marshall Law. This guy gets killed because he's against a regime. Keep a power revolution in 1986. Growth from agricultural society to an industrial one. And here we are today. Now we've finished our simple history. We're seeing more famous people condensed. Some famous people, you guys, the Pinot Igeography suggested we mention in this episode include Lapu Lapu. Jose Resolve. These two saints. Melkorakino. Manuel El Cezan. La Candula. Josefa Yanes Escoda. And Vecile Lim. Carlos Peña Ramulo. And all the mis-Universe winners. And there's a ton of Americans with Filipino or partial Filipino descent. Yeah, you can see there's lots of American Filipino. I don't know. So, yeah. We'll explain more on how that happened. In. Because of the long history and the Philippines being colonized by two major Western powerhouses, it would make sense that it would have ties with the outside world in many different ways. For friends, the Philippines is generally close with all the Azean nations. And does great business with them, particularly Indonesia and Malaysia. They're closest neighbors. The Marshall Islands, Polao, and the federal states of Micronesia are all cousin countries, many of which have Filipino migrants in them. And they all share the same history of being former US territories and US-influenced states. Of course, Spain will always be in the back of their minds as the former colonizer that they gained much influence from. Although Filipinos are not considered Latino, the Spanish and many Latin American can't see them as like adopted Asians, but Latino. In their family. It's like, come on. You're Catholic, you eat flan, every fifth word you speak of Spanish, you're basically one of us. Interestingly enough, the relationship with Mexico has historically been always strong. The Philippines was ruled under a Mexico-based vice-royal team. Oh, really? Spain. The Manila Galleans were Spanish trading ships, which for two and a half centuries linked the Philippines with Mexico across a Pacific Ocean. Making one or two round trip voyages per year between the ports of Accapulco and Manila. And Mexican traditions were bought in like the day the dead and Jamforado. When it comes to the best friends, however, most Filipinos would probably say even though colonial years were a little bit bumpy, ultimately the USA and South Korea. South Korea was one of their closest best friends from the 20th century on. World War II really bonded with them after the Japanese occupation years, and they supported each other. I know, Council. We're going to have the top number one tourist demographic that visit the Philippines. Koreans kind of admire the fact that even though they were both influenced by the US, Filipino speak better English, whereas Filipinos practically obsess over Korean products and media. Oh, I know. I know. That's why we're really lucky. Yeah. For the USA, ties were closed ever since they became their colony in 1898. The US also had the largest number of overseas Filipinos at over 4 million, most of whom live on the West Coast states of the United States. What a way, right? And California. They are one of the oldest Asian partners of the US. They have a mutual defense treaty and they are the largest export partner and second largest import after China. American pop culture dominates much of the youth influence. Hollywood studios love filming there. And Gallup polls have shown that the USA is favored on average by over 90% of the people asked, making it one of the most pro-American countries on the planet. And can you take the conclusion? In conclusion, if you enter a room full of Asians, you definitely know who the Filipinos are. While everyone's so uptight, we're the ones seeking karaoke and some are salty. You could just feel the energy of a Filipino. There's a touch of Latin flavor with American pop undertones. But in the end, no matter what island, you're immediately considered part of the Penoi family. Ken, you're one of my best friends. I love you, man. I'm so proud of you. Thanks. Stay tuned. Paulin. It's coming up. Oh, that was good. There are many things that I don't know. Wow. Yeah, I knew Filipinos has many islands, many cultures, many languages. That was quite interesting there. You know, there are much more. You know, Japan, we have, we are kind of similar to Filipinos. Geography wise, we have many islands, earthquake country, but population, cultures, languages, it's in comparable. It's much more than Japan. There are much more, that's incredible. And historically, I knew Filipinos were colonized by many countries, you know, America, Japan, Spain, Mexico. But that was quite interesting there. In Korea, I was the one of the closest countries to Filipinos. Now, you can see many council, Korean movement into the Philippines. So I don't know what's going on there. I should learn about that first, but what happened? This Korea is something wrong to Filipinos. Okay, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. I hope you like it. If you do, make sure to like, for sure. And subscribe, please. So, mata.