 Hello, how fluent are the Filipinos in English? Oh, we already saw if they could speak through a language. Yeah, everyone seemed really like that video, so we decided we'd do this one. Well, let's do it. Let's see some Filipinos speak in English. We know they can do that. I guess let's see how well they can do it. I mean, we know the SB19ers, they can definitely speak English. So it'll be interesting for those that like, since they learn in school, a lot of people nowadays learn in English in school, if they can just like, turn on English instantly, whereas they couldn't turn on Filipino instantly as well, or if it's going to be still hard for them when they mix it all together. And we're not bilingual, so we don't know what that like, process is like to have different languages, just like in your brain. And they're just going to fight each other. They're like, hey, mean. Hey, you, I want to speak. They're like, blah, blah, blah, blah. They're like, hey, maybe the other one's like, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then I'm like, hey, let me in at least one word, please. That's stupid. That's stupid. Let's do this. See what this one's like. It'll be very interesting to come back on. Yeah, here we go. Babu, hi everybody. Acrofissimari from Asian Boss. Did you guys get that? I was speaking in Taglish, one of the most spoken languages in the Philippines. In one of our previous videos, we did a straight interview in Manila, and challenged Filipinos to speak only in Tagalog. But today, we're going to speak the challenge and have people speak only in English. So let's see how well they do. What's the percentage of the English people who are already in the UK? I think, 80 to 85%. That's what you're saying. 30% of the people are just like that. How much is 80%? I'm sure they're going to pay 25. I'm feeling 70% because I know. Very different numbers. The English language is official. In Filipino, of course, it's a gadget. It's a total nonsense. There are a lot of subjects that you can use in English. I was just talking in Taglish. I was just mixing English, Tagalog and Spanish. I'm still there. For the sake of our global viewers, can you explain what Taglish is? Taglish is a combination of English and Tagalog. In the middle of the sentence, you can speak Tagalog and then switch to English. I don't know if you have any questions about the language. Especially in Malay. So, when did you have the challenge? We have a challenge. No, no. In English, the English is a good question. Is that possible? Yes, it's possible. If you ask us some questions about English, you will answer also in English. Okay, it's the game. Okay, it's the game. It's the game. The idea of the FIFA World Cup. Yes, I watched FIFA World Cup from the group stages to the finals. No. Because I really like volleyball. Because I'm a volleyball player since elementary. So, you know, I'm the focus in the game. I don't really have any idea. We are... We used to watch... Basketball? Because we are not a big fan of FIFA. A FIFA. Why do you think there are... Philippine team failed to qualify for the FIFA World Cup? There are a lot of factors that which is... The Filipinos are not getting this. That is for my side. The Filipinos... Enough. Leave me. Because... I'm sorry for the Filipino. We are not capable to qualify for the FIFA World Cup. Because... Physically, Philippine is smaller in height. And other... In other east. Financially, we cannot afford the registration in FIFA World Cup. Or we are not... We are not physically fit and trainable in terms of FIFA World Cup. What do you think should our Philippine government do or at least do in order for them to... be included in international competitions in the future? For what I think, they should do more practice and then... What else? For the government, of course, they should help the athletes too. Like... Like... Like... Giving them... No. Support. How was the challenge, Philippine? The heat up. You are not going to be able to do it. You are not going to be able to do it. You are going to be able to do it. You are going to be able to do it. You are going to be able to do it. And let's get one to ten. How difficult it is. Five. Five is for the English and five for the Tagalog. Five for the Tagalog. Five for the Tagalog. Five is fine. I am sure that I am prepared to speak in English because I am a future educator. I am sure that I am able to do English in order to deliver my lessons in the future. Even though we are an English subject, we are still able to teach our children. We are still able to teach our children. It's like a foreign Spanish. It's like a foreign Spanish. It's like a foreign language. It's like a language. It's like a language. It's like a language. It's like a language. Why did you mix the Tagalog in English with the Tagalog? They used to play the Tagalog language. The heat up. The heat up. Because the heat up in the heat up is mostly because of the heat of the English. Actually, I don't know, it just comes off naturally. But there are some ideas that go to that are best expressed in English, and then there are others who are more confident in Filipino. And the English is a term style that we don't know in Tagalog. So it's more convenient to speak in Tagalog. It's an incident that makes us have a native speaker of English, and then it's not that important because it's Tagalog or Tagalog. Yes, like for example, with my cousin since he was born in America, I was speaking in Tagalog also that I thought he would understand. That's December when I was with my cousins. They migrated from Philippines to America. The scenario was actually in the Starbucks, I asked him to buy me a crop. So I said, you don't know me, you don't know me. He failed to understand me, so what he did was just give me his money. What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? Well, culturally, when you speak English, you can speak a lot of languages. So, I think it's different from English because I speak English. It's more like a barrier to the people. The way you speak Tagalog is more like a fluent language. But it's not that fluent, it's more like a fluent language. We know that we're in Filipino, but if you're in other countries, it's better to speak in Tagalog so that you can be confident in your language. So, you're saying that you're not in Tagalog or Filipino, and you're just a favorite English speaking fluent in English? I'm feeling like I'm in Tagalog, but I'm still in English. I think that's not the reason. Because if you're in a different country, you're going to be able to be important to you. That's interesting. What do you mean by English speaking? It's a barrier to you. What's your name? You're a Tagalog teacher. I'm still in Pasibul. I'm in Greedol. I'm not a Tagalog teacher. I'm a trans-street teacher. I said I'm going to be a Filipino teacher. So, if you ever put your time limit on your time limit, do you know the relevance of Filipino society? What does it mean? It's like a negative side. Because our culture is our language. It's not good. But because of the positive side, because the Filipino flu is in English. So, we can communicate with the positive side. So, if you're in a 50-50, the bad side is the bad side. You're just a bit too much. If you're not in a different country, you're going to be able to be good. So, we can adapt Western language. But we can incorporate it in our Filipino language. Because, through that, you can make a Filipino language. So, it's just because you're not in a Filipino language. It's just that you can speak the Filipino language. So, it means that the second language of English is not the same as the second language of the Filipino language. So, that happens. It's interesting. Very interesting. We hope to interview in Manila and we know that it may not be an actual representation of all of the Philippines. We hope that you learn something from this. Thank you, Asian Boss. Yes. Well, yes, pretty much we just take away from that. I think, like we said in the last one, I don't think it's going to happen any time soon. But I think if that's kind of the way it's going, like that woman's at her grandson speaks English. She learned in school eventually. And this will happen to a lot of countries all over the world. Eventually, it'll just turn into English. And I mean, if that eventually in 200 years, if that happens, the English language that we're speaking right now isn't even going to be the same. No, it'll be way different. I mean, you like looking at a book in English from like 200 years. And it's not easy to read, even like 100 years ago. It's not easy to read. It's a little definitely. I think a lot of stuff will mesh. There'll be a lot of countries. Yeah, things will start meshing together. I mean, in the English language nowadays, we use a lot of Spanish words. Mm-hmm. And I think things will mesh. English kind of is like the spreading language right now. It's kind of like a lot of European-speaking English, a lot of Asian-speaking English. And then obviously Chinese or Mandarin is also a language that's very... Talking about, I mean, tons of Indian-speaking English. It just seems like that is the way and then the more globalized the world keeps getting, the more people are going to start learning that and eventually, you know... It'll be weird in like 500 years. How much things will be different, because the world will be so interconnected. Yeah, and it could also be blown up by nuclear bombs. That is very true. Or it will burn. Yeah, true. This video is very interesting to me. Like I said, at the beginning, we're not bilingual. So it's like... It's hard for us to understand how someone can like switch from language to language. And like why they choose to use a certain word in English when they could be using it in the dialogue or something like that. But like, it seems just like, come naturally, which is very interesting. Yeah, and then I mean, like the Philippines, what we've watched, it seemed like they were actually better at... At least obviously it's the sample size that grew, the test group that we got here. This group of people were better at speaking English than the last group of people were better at speaking, like, actual straight-up. Filipino. Yeah, which is interesting. And I definitely noticed that the younger they were, the more likely they were to do better in this one, the English one. Yeah, super interesting. Yeah, it would be very hard to go from this, like, filling in words with English words, like, in your language, then to be like, oh wait, remember all of the words you've usually speak in for English words. Yeah, I'm sure the words that they normally would speak in Filipino, they like always do. And then when they have to do English, it's like, it's very interesting. Very interesting. I'm curious to go to... And the Filipino accents are all so different depending on, like, yeah, it's very... That's one thing that's super unique about the Philippines is the accents. Some of them, like, in this video, some of them had super thick accents. And then, like, SB19, they don't really have that much of an accent. Like, it's pretty easy to understand them. We're like, some of these people, their accents were thick, where you're like, I'm not exactly sure what they're saying. Yeah, and like, there would be two thick accents, but it wouldn't sound the same. No, which is weird. It's very interesting. It'd be very intriguing to go to the Philippines and see, like, interacting with people. Sure, a lot of ourselves. Sure, a lot of like, service workers and stuff will be able to speak English. Yeah, that is interesting. But, it would be interesting to be able to communicate. Yeah, it's very interesting. Yeah. Thanks for watching, everybody. Hopefully you enjoyed it. If you did, subscribe. Like the video. More Philippines content coming soon. So, watch out for that. See you later. Bye.