 The Sun has not yet risen, but my husband and I are already standing outside waiting for the bus. It will take us to the place where our life in Mindanao began. Another adventure, but today it's not ours. In the last episode we celebrated the success of our YouTube channel. And had an amazing day at the beautiful beach. We are now in the bus. We are going to the bus in Tagluma. It's good that we took mom and such a scarf. It's very cold. The conditioner works here. I even closed all of it. I went to the salon. But it's cold. It's just a mess. One of our subscribers wanted to come to the Philippines and contacted Boria. This will be his first trip, so he needed a guide. We arranged to meet him at the Davoe Airport. From this side of the two seats, from this side there are three seats. As if the Philippines is in the bus, it's more fun. In the bus there are such tickets, where it is presented with price and data. It's like this, it's a man who goes and takes the money in the bus. This is the same airport where we landed a few months ago. It looks very different in the daytime. It's going to be nice. Another happy person who came to the airport. After an hour of waiting, we finally saw the knees coming towards us. Hi! This was tired from the trip, so we heard it headed to the bus stop. Ill, kaga mo explik grace Kandolong travelling Bseti Salang pedal h jaar Hia I found on a apartment in Tagong on Facebook a few days before Dennis arrived. I also called the apartment to confirm that we would be arriving soon. Everything was great until we arrived at address given. When we arrived, we were told that there were no vacancies and that they had not received any calls from us. We tried calling their number again, but we couldn't get through. This was ridiculous since we had only talked to them a couple of hours before. We're not going to let this unpleasant event through in our day. Dennis needed to buy some things, so we went to the mall. We decided that he would stay with us until we find him a new apartment. We arrived at the mall again. We arrived at the mall again. We brought some for Dennis. It's delicious. We're going to the mall again. We're going to the mall again. The mall again. It's not for a normal person. How long is it going to take? It's going to take a few days. We'll show you later. At home, mom and I are making dumplings for dinner. Paya, I told you that this is a new apartment. Yes, it's called a new apartment. It's a special one. The next day, Boryu took Dennis to the Maka Center to show him the market. They also want to ask the locals for rents and apartments nearby. Dennis is fascinated by the neighborhood. One of the locals told them that he knows a place where you can rent an apartment. He offered to take them there on his motorcycle. Funny, this kind of transportation is often used here to transport pigs. A few minutes later, they reached the place. Unfortunately, there were no vacancies, so they kept asking people. Soon, another option came up and they were taken to see the apartment. This one is for the kids. I know what's in there. The one that is only video subindian. We are here. Dennis liked it and decided he would move in tomorrow. For lunch, mom and I made grilled fish, vegetables salad and crepe. I'm so happy to have a new life. The next day, we helped Dennis move into his apartment. We went to the city of Tagun. He needs stable internet for his family. He wants to go to the city. He wants to go to the city. He wants to go to the city. He wants to go to the city. We went to the city of Tagun. He needs stable internet for his work. We went looking for a company that could install Wi-Fi. We didn't find a company that looked like it was at home. We built a house. We also worked on the other place. So, in Google, all these places are not correct. The company we found told us that we would have to sign a contract for three years. So, Dennis decided to limit himself to mobile internet for the time being. We went to the market, we'll buy some groceries and tell the needs what things he can use in his household. We went to the city. We went to the city. We went to the city. We went to the city. We went to the city. We went to the city. We went to the city. We went to the city. Nice, the nice. We went to the city. We went to the city. How much? 300. 300. 300. 300. 300. 300. 300. We went to the city. We went to the city. Today, I'm going to make one of my favorite desserts. Kassava suman, our great kusava wrapped in banana leaves. But first, we need to ask for banana leaves from our neighbors.…… According to Filipino beliefs, a butterfly is a sign that a disease relative is making himself or self known. I told my husband that it might be my late grandmother visiting me. I washed and peeled the cassava and then grated it finely. It takes a lot of time, but it's worth it. The cassava juice is a little bitter, so it needs to be squeezed. I'm going to add coconut cream, condensed milk, a little sugar and a pinch of salt. To soften the banana leaves, they need to be heated over an open flame. This way, the banana leaves will not break and fall apart. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. This dessert is perfect for tea. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. The ruckus sabha needs to be steamed for about an hour. We just wanted to buy clothes in a backpack. We took him to our favorite place, Anuka Yukai or second-hand store. This store is very big. They sell not only clothes, but also hats, bags, shoes and kitchen items. Mamindai, kami-daging through the pile of clothes. Boy, you found some new swim trunks. They still have tags on them. We are going to the market now. We will buy fish, vegetables and fruits. We will buy fish, and we will buy fish. Mamindai, kami-daging through the pile of clothes. We bought fish and vegetables at the market and headed home. The Internet is a very powerful thing. It allows you to watch videos taken on the other side of the world, communicate with people and much more. The last few days have been a bit tiring because of the problems. But we are very happy that people are discovering the beauty of the Philippines through our videos. And we intend to make a video about the world. We are very happy that people are discovering the beauty of the Philippines through our videos. And we intend to continue to show you the authenticity and simplicity of island life. In the next episode... She doesn't like her hair because it's curly. But somebody told us that she looks beautiful in her hair. Being curly. This is a Filipino bath. It's really very hot here. It's very warm here. Here are some hot spots. Someone here is preparing a bowl of rice. I am a cook. The best I tried in my life, Durian. Let's go. We are on the way to the road. We are on the way to the stone. The concrete road is over. And we are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market. We are going to the market.