 Earlier this year I embarked on a life-changing adventure. I left my home in Scotland and moved all the way across the globe to the Philippines. And believe it or not, I've been calling the Philippines home for just over six months now, time flies when you're having fun. In these past six months I've hopped between five different condos here in Metro Manila and explored various tropical power dices such as El Nido, Borokai and Bahol. In today's video I want to give an honest glimpse into my life as a foreigner in the Philippines, sharing both the highs and lows of my experience. Keep in mind though that everybody's journey is unique and this is solely based on my own adventure. One of the most significant shifts I've encountered during my stay was to move from the bustling BGC into Geek to the vibrant population in Macatty. These two neighborhoods, though close, have offered me distinct experiences in various aspects of life. Let's start with the heart and soul of this country, it's people. You are aware of the rooms in the Philippines have been consistently welcomed by the warm, fun-loving nature of the Filipino people. Regardless of where I've been in the country, the vast majority of people here just seem to love life and are happy to help foreigners visit in their country. It's been amazingly consistent. Particularly since moving to Macatty, what a fantrually remarkable is a resolve and resourcefulness of the people here. Been born in the UK or the Western general, it's only really when we come abroad we properly realize just how good a hand we were dealt in life. Relatively, the same can't be said for a large number of people living in other parts of the world, including the Philippines. What I find amazing though is that regardless of people's situation and circumstances here, they always seem to get by and they do so with a smile under face. I've met some wonderful people here that are living day-to-day in very difficult circumstances, but it's always a pleasure taking some time out to talk to them and hearing their stories, and I find their positivity and optimism infectious. It definitely puts me in a better mood. I have no doubt that if you're a foreigner visiting the Philippines, you'll love speaking to and engaging with the people of this beautiful country. Next, let's talk about the cost of living in the Philippines. My main takeaway so far is that it's nowhere near as cheap as people generally think. I certainly know I have friends back home who think I'm living like a king, but it's simply not true. To be fair, I've only lived in two of the more expensive areas of Metro Manila, so if I was willing to sacrifice in certain areas such as location, living conditions or quality of life, then yes, I could be living more affordably, and this is something I intend to explore in the future by moving away from Manila. But for now in Makati, a meal in a decent restaurant will set you back 8-10 British pounds, fast food will cost you around 4-6 pounds for a meal with fries and a drink. Rent for a decent studio or one bedroom condo is around 350-500 pounds per month, and your electric water and wifi will easily add 100 onto that. A bottle of local beer will set you back around 2 pounds 20 pounds, but if you've entered into mixers, these can be as high as 6 pounds per drink. Of course, all these prices are ballpark and again, you could choose to live more affordably if you wish to do so. For example, there are places in Makati where you can get a decent cafeteria style meal for just £1.40, more than that later, or if you could live in the province, you could have significantly reduced costs. It's really up to you to decide your own budget and adjust your lifestyle accordingly. Next, let's talk about safety and security. Is the Philippine safe is one of the most common questions foreigners considering living here will have? Personally, I'm glad to say that in my six months here, I've not had any major issues. However, I would be hesitant to class it as safe. During my time here, it's fair to say that the atmarket BGC certainly felt safer than Makati. Whilst I personally never felt unsafe in Makati, it is a more poverty-stricken area, and that comes hand in hand with petty crimes such as pickpocketing and theft. I get constantly worn by people to be careful in this end of town. I have heard of issues where foreigners have either been targeted or managed to get themselves into trouble by acting a little silly or being disrespectful to the wrong person, and this is normally alcohol driven. But I haven't seen much of it for myself. I have only seen two fights in bars here with the first being a group of Indian men falling out with a group of Arabic men. To be honest, this wasn't really a fight as neither side appeared to land any sort of punch, and the only ones who covered themselves in glory were the Philippine oboe bounces who handled the situation very professionally. The other fight was a group of four British colleagues who had a disagreement amongst themselves. They sort themselves out pretty quickly and left. For myself, I found taking basic precautions that you would take traveling anywhere in the world very easy to do. Simply being pleasant to people has always been enough to stay out of trouble, and if I've ever found myself in a strange situation, I've just left it. There was one occasion a street salesman kept standing awkwardly close to me. I simply moved away every time he got near me, and I even crossed the street and he followed me to stand next to me again. So I just told him to get to France and he left immediately. This was the only time I've ever been intentionally rude to anybody here in the Philippines, and this guy definitely deserved it. Overall, I can't say the Philippines is safe, but I can say it's very easy to stay out of trouble, the choice is yours. Let's talk quickly about something Filipinos seem to be obsessed with. Food. In both BGC and Macatti, there's a wide range of cuisines available, so getting the food I've been craving has rarely been an issue, out with food and drink from Scotland, such as Hagriss and I and Brew. I'd be lying if I said Filipino cuisine is my favourite in the world, but my favourite Filipino dish to order is synagogue nababoy. This is a sour soup dish with pork and veggies. I've also become accustomed to visiting a small Filipino restaurant nearby because the food is delicious and very affordable. I normally order a spicy pork dish called Be Call Express. This restaurant is actually the front of the owner's house, so it's a pretty unique dining experience for a Westerner. This setup is locally called as a Karen Deria, and I hope I pronounced that correctly. In Karen Derias, it's more of a canteen style set up where all the food is already out and you just choose what you want. Food is not made to order, making it better value for money than a restaurant. There's lots of these in Macatti, but I never noticed any in VGC. Lastly, it's worth noting that in my six months here I've never had any food poisoning. Fingers crossed that continues. Overall, my journey into Philippines continues to be a delightful experience, while there are occasional challenges, the warmth of the people, the stunning landscapes and the vibrant community here far outweigh any of the cons. I hope this video was helpful for those considering a move to the Philippines, and if you're already in the Philippines, I hope you enjoyed my insights. If you did, please consider subscribing and leaving a comment below letting me know your thoughts on life in the Philippines. Until next time, myriming salamat, ading at por.