 Hey guys, in today's video we got some more good news coming out of the Philippines, more exemptions of people being allowed into the Philippines. Stick around and find out. Hey guys, so back at you, wanted to get this news out. It's kind of late there or early morning there in the west afternoon here in the Philippines. But I wanted to get this out right away. Now this actually came out late last night I believe, but just the article came out today, February 14th. But the Bureau of Immigration is to allow more foreigners into the Philippines. So let's go ahead and discuss that. Again, this article will be found in the comments section, not the description. Okay, so, Bureau of Immigration will allow more foreigners to enter the Philippines starting Tuesday, February 16th. And those are going to be foreigners with valid working visas, student visas, special visa for employment generation SVEG and special investors resident visa SIRV. Now I believe you have to have these visas already in place and we'll get more into that second. Now it will allow those unable to return due to the traveler restrictions. However, those visas that were issued after March 20th, you would still need to present an exemption from the Department of Foreign Affairs upon entry. So you have to go over to the DFA and get an exemption granted. Now from my understanding as they haven't granted any yet, they're a bit behind. So those aren't being handed out as of yet from my understanding. But that's where you would get the exemption from. So also holders of special resident retirees visa SIRV in the temporary visitor visa may be allowed to enter as long as they present an entry exemption document. Again, from the DFA, tourists may not be allowed into the country at this time. And when they say tourists, you would have to be the entry exemption document may be requested from the DFA's Philippine Posts abroad, subject to their assessment and approval. Let's see. Those who wish to enter the country under a tourist status must secure an entry visa first. So those actually fall under the Bale Cabayan privilege and it may be granted a visa-free entry. The Bale Cabayan refers to the former Filipinos or his or her spouse in their children. Only those traveling with the Filipino or former Filipino spouse and our nationals of visa-free countries entitled to the Bale Cabayan privilege. Now if you're not traveling with your Filipino spouse or child, then you would have to secure an entry visa. So you can still come but you have to get an entry visa. All right, now the way it works is you will have to get a pre-booked accommodation for at least six nights in an accredited quarantine hotel or facility in Manila. And what happens is I believe you're tested on day five. If you are negative, then you can go to your destination. Now depending on the local government there, the LGU, you can either finish off your 14-day quarantine there and they would include the five or six days as you already had. Or they may require you to do a full 14 days from that point. Or they may not even ask you to quarantine. So it depends on the LGU. I've been getting people for leaving comments saying, oh, I didn't have to do any quarantine. Oh, I had to do another 14. Oh, they counted that for my 14. So it just depends on the local government. So the local LGU. So let's see. Okay, so that's pretty much it guys. I just wanted to give you an update. This is great news. More things are opening, you know, for people to come back, which is fantastic tourists. They're not allowed yet. Just let me make clear that clear of that because a lot of people leave in the comments, oh, okay, so I can book my flight. My flight? No, no, you can't. Not if you're just a tourist. You have to fall under one of those categories. Again, this we're making steps in the right direction. I still believe that we might open this year. I really do. Maybe September, October. A lot of people are still saying, no, there's no way we're not going to open until 2022. I'm still trying to be a little bit optimistic about the whole thing, not being pessimistic. So we'll see what happens, guys. But domestic churrosums making a push to open up too. And so we got things happening. We've got things happening, vaccines rolling out. Domestic churrosum opening. More and more foreigners are being allowed in for, you know, certain categories of foreigners. And so we are making steps in the right direction. If I'm going to talk more about this and we can have more of a discussion tonight in the Philippines at 10 pm, my time, I will do a live stream. Feel free to join me at June the Philippines. 10 pm Philippines time, Valentine's Day. They'll be morning for you guys up there in the West. And we can talk more about things happening here in the Philippines and any questions that you have. So I will see you guys in. Thank you so much. And again, if you found this video useful, consider sharing it. Hit the thumbs up. And don't forget to subscribe if you haven't already done so. And hit that bell notification. And then I'll keep you updated every time I come up with a news update or a live stream or anything else. See you guys next time. Bye.