 I am well prejudice against Japanese well, I don't have many prejudice for Philippines Okay, I guess we should carefully examine the individual first before passing any judgment on him Hi everyone, Konjou Aishir from Japan and today I got a request to watch this video called 1956 high school exchange students a USA Japan on prejudice and the students are from Japan Philippines UK and Indonesia and I'm really excited to check this video out so please enjoy watching my reaction Welcome to our forum discussion on the roots of prejudice We'll be talking about what our prejudice is our where they came from how they're nourished and perhaps Even how to get rid of them let me introduce you to the 1956 in today's discussion long time ago Ratnavi is Kandari Nata high school student 17 years old and also a talented dancer from Indonesia Indonesia from Japan, Yoriko Konishi whose lovely voice you've just heard from time to time We like you to get a sense of what we do in all those times when we aren't having serious discussions We very often get Yoriko to dance or sing for us. She does both. I like our kimono from the United Kingdom 18-year-old Judith Reader Judith's got a bit of a cold day. It did not come up Swimming in the Atlantic Ocean although she assures us that when she's in England She does swim in the ocean during the winter from the Philippines Ralecon Trarris Ralebo be 16 years old patriotically enough on the fourth floor He may admit some prejudices, but one he obviously doesn't have is a prejudice against women or he wasn't Willing to appear tonight with three women being the only male on the program. You like American now on this question You have to start out by trying to define what you think prejudices are. What do you think prejudices are? I think the Judith is feeling of hate of people as a group or individual To other people you say a feeling of hate. Do you think prejudice is as strong as hate? Yes When they are somebody Yes, but you did stand answer will be I Hits such and such Well, I suppose that is true. What do you think prejudices are? I found that that if some of this English between two white men, it is not prejudices But if somebody distinguish between a white man and a colored man, it is bright. I would define I read you the opinion formed about a certain thing before there has been a just examination of the facts When a person loses track of the dignity of the human soul and Against the Judd's father is not on the basis of their being persons, but on the basis of race Creed economic status that is prejudice Well, is it fair to ask you whether you have any prejudices? Well, I guess so, Mrs. Waller and the being brutally frank. I am I'm well prejudiced against Japanese well, not to be extended that I hate them. No, not that way But I got this well as a result of world war second Because well, I guess I was here too young to understand what happened during those times But I think that what my relatives and friends and the people who were witnessed to that unfaithful occasion well, they just more than justified the fact and I think It's justified for me to feel the same way because I know that my people suffered very much under that rule You still is prejudiced against the Japanese as you work? Well, five years ago that prejudice of mine was well slightly fading away But when Japan's Stabberly refused to pay reparations to us Well, the prejudice began to brew again But now I found out from close contact with Ureko and other Japanese that Japanese and Freddy to Pay reparations yet because as Ureko said Some of them and most of them even have to suffer the cold in the classrooms because they can't afford to heat the schools Ureko you've got any prejudices? Well, I don't have many prejudiced for Philippines Okay, many Japanese people hate Korea because The president of Korea made the line his own line on the public see between Korea and Japan And if the Japanese officials go over the line They were they are Code by Korean people and they can go go home for a while and we are trying to be a friend For Korea now that we've started we better go on around circles. Why to you? So good. Oh, yeah, that's my question. Yes. I bet I met them although I'm English. I have a very foolish prejudice You're probably laugh for instance as soon as I meet a person with red hair I always put myself on my guard because I have a silly prejudice that all red-headed people have terrible tempers You know that there is passionate as a color of their hair Oh, and then I have another silly prejudice I like a huge When I first met the Australian delegates and as of a woodgate who hasn't been on television I was shocked by her accent because to me it sounds just like a cockney accent with an England and And I hope I'm not conceded on anything better. I can't copy accent in England You know most English people would shudder a little bit from the here But she very frankly told me that she's shuddered when she heard my accent I got feedback for that too. Why did she say she did? Oh, I think she imagined that she said she really had to forget my accent in order to like me Because it's it was too formal. I gather most Americans think about that about English as well Right now I need your turn Sometimes I find the duties Dutch people when in school when I learned a history and learn how the Dutch people treated Indonesian and I'm some other Prejudices of my own that's I hit people who were proud and Who feel that he is the master of the other people and who thinks that he knows everything than anybody else Let's come back to you a minute, Ralph. Are there any prejudices in the Philippines between groups of people? Yes, they're existing prejudices between groups of people. So matter of fact Most of us still well are prejudice against a group of hybrids Those who have more than a panic blood than Filipino blood in them and the we term term them as a mysticism Jesus well The well these incidents will usually occur in the schools as you know I'm in a school run by a Spanish monks and Well, we have a lot of we have a lot of those of that group studying in our school and Usually they are they are favored, but we think and Well, we think that we are right in saying that they are sort of aristocratic conceited and high-headed and Sorhead and all sorts of adjectives and they have the the foolish idea that they have the royal blood or royal kingdom Well, how do you get along with these boys in school, Ralph? Are any problems? Well frankly speaking I don't get along with them pretty well. So matter of fact well We usually fight with it with one another He sounds way smarter than six years ago Japan have had many American or European soldiers after the war and most of them married with the Japanese girls Not only formal wedding and they made children who called hybrid hybrid and I think the hybrid Have nothing to be punished But some grownups didn't treat didn't use to treat as the Japanese children and grownups also used to treat the mothers of children are Judges people thought that the mothers of high-rich are not good. They are horrible Because they married with foreign people foreign boys and many Japanese people don't like to marry with foreign people because they have They live in different Customs and they consider with different way you still have a strong may I say Prejudice in Japan against marrying people from other countries don't you? Yes Can you tell us something about the status of women in Japan? We had a strange things and you've been telling me the strange things could you and tell us more about it before the war Yes, and now well after about six years ago Japanese people thought that the white white people are horrible Because they are almost red hairs and Everything is so big and about the bodies What are people still think so and In Japan we think that something To be beautiful Must be small and delicate You can hardly apply the word delicate to some of the big soldiers we sent to Japan I could do but I never knew that you looked down on us because we were big. That's a very interesting We always can we always proud of the if we Western men at all enhance them. We consider that as yes Small and delicate really what you said about skin color That's kind of different from now. I think the Chinese speak about us as pink people. It's better to be sure It's not what you think of being a pink person. Oh My girl face it Right now he's let's Alright, so she speaks really really good English or English like really good like I wonder how she learns that English You know because like I never really heard like anybody from the 50 like a Japanese high school girls speaking English So like I'm kind of curious like how she learned English and how this program even happened, you know like like You know I personally don't have any prejudice is I hope I don't but I know that some a lot of Europeans think of the Asians for example as As rather lazy I don't need to be rude agents are lazy used to be the impression we have you know when we started our colonization We thought we were doing good for you. I know that you dislike Like it's like a Dutch thing But Asia really part of Asia. That's my question. You're not helping us see you mentioned that we're lazy Well, we are not a certain exactly lazy but but they didn't get other than give us chance And we didn't get experiments to build our country Well, Judy. I don't think all Asians are lazy Yeah, he sounds so smart Maybe not now I hope so you know Channel of ringing but well when it's not it's a well sort of wrong to say that They're lazy. Let's just let's just say that they've got the very flat feet that they can't lift them up Because you've got to consider for example the climate in most of the region I like it high too, but natural you can't you can't just work with all the hot the warm climate around you Of course you'd always feel like finding yourself We're going to an air-conditioned theater or something else that we're in school Is there not only this difference of climate that explains a difference in tempo, but is there a difference in philosophy too that perhaps we in the West have And appreciated our London well as far as I know it and Well, I think you've mentioned it in this program that engines think that they should never saw in their hands and And in the Philippines I must admit that well Resort of inclined to get white collar jobs and swivel chairs most of us do especially the new college graduates We don't want to work with our hands Hmm want to have well big bosses and with pretty secretaries around us. That's the common tendency Could you give a proof that we are lazy? Oh gosh now you put me in a corner I'm trying to give you an example. I mean, it's like three agents in like one European I know it's kind of fair You could have isolated that for example, but I know the British when they started doing their colonization They tried to help the countries they were in But you think that we were betting in and taking away your opportunities Well, yes, I think so I said I Would get from it sample about the death that they we didn't get a chance to be to be educated That was when the touch was in yeah And do you think if you if the people in the colony get up Turns to get free you will get them. Oh now we're getting right off the subject See my friend from Malaya is very glad that Malaya we got the independence next year She's very proud and she tells everybody that you are she tells everybody that Malaya is going to be in the final Next year, do you think that if you do that to the other of places then you Yes, we'll make them satisfied Well, we hope it will make the sense that every country wants to be independent. That's only natural But there comes a point somebody to decide whether they're ready to receive their independence But I know we can go off on another long on to wonder that Maybe we can have what I'm sorry rough. I was about to ask the what do they think are the most common or a basic Causes of our prejudice is it a mainly skin color Maybe do you mean them? Oh do you mean for example taking the American? Well in the South I guess taking the American side of it It's just that the white people don't want to to mix themselves up with the with the colored ones What about the color people perhaps they don't want to mix with the white people either What about since you brought up the American raised problem? I'd like to ask you Is it as bad as you thought it was going to be before you came or is it better or worse? Well, I think it's Herd while I am here and what I have read in the newspapers is just worse than I expected Don't you agree? No, I didn't agree and in England We don't hear too much about the American problem except of course when a certain case came up and a Supreme Court decision We heard a lot about it then but not too much and when I came here I had imagined from that the tiller case that things would be really terrible in the South and I found that there's a real feeling of optimism here I stayed in the Negro family and I was able to see the position really a bird's-eye view of it you might say and The first thing that impressed me was that the Negroes themselves Were not happy about the situation, but were pleased they were grateful for what progress had been made and they they were sure that The situation would continue to improve they said that two weeks ago in New Jersey Legislation Negro and I was in the Negro family I know that was in the northern part and conditions us better there and I was very impressed with that they said it would be a slow process, but things were gradually improving It was a matter of breaking down tradition and I Was very happy to find that I'd like to know some of your other experiences with yes, Yuri I've never seen any Evidances Evident Ridge or practice in the United States that I've found out that most Negroes Labors and they don't have high position in business But I was very glad when I saw the Negro girl in South Orange and Columbia high school Full was Vice President of the student I'm glad you've been to you. Yes, right now here in New York and New York I facial segregation or something like that but when when this stop and real stir and stop in Negro school I saw it's very I mean the Negro school go to the special Negro and I was talking to some of the girls in the school and I asked them how they feel about being segregated But they said that they don't mind about that and what they want is equal equal rights and There are some places that they can go such as restaurant or some class and I think that It's down with the faith All Americans claim and emphasize that America is the most democratic country in the world and As far as long as segregation I don't think it's Well adding something to that is like that Well in the pledge of allegiance to the American flag you mentioned something about I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States for America And for the Republic for it to stand one nation in the visible under God with liberty and justice for all Well the last race just doesn't suit everything. I mean with this segregation problem here and the discrimination against colored people how how in the world could you have Liberty and justice for all and I in one of my hospitality periods I I didn't expect that even the kids could carry at that one I had the well Privileged I should say of attending one of the dances sponsored by by one of the civic groups and I just noticed that well It was a big dance floor and all the white kids were assembled on the left side and the most well Shall we say not strategic part of the ballroom with all the colored boys and girls were in there and I never saw a white boy asking a what a colored girl for a dance nor did I see a colored boy asking white girl for a dance I had enough the experience too When I first arrived here and I told I happened to mention to a group of young people that I was going to stay with an egress family One of the boys got up and walked out of the room and I felt awful But we're in the north now not in the south and then when we did go into the south I really came against it pretty hard We went into this big store and I was in the the latest cloakroom I was washing my hands and I was with a group of the Eastern delegates the rather darker skinned ones like Ratnaughty And I was standing a little apart from them and this lady came up to me and she pulled me to one side obviously assuming that I was American and she said She said what are these migros doing in here and I was so cross and I very I told her as calm as I could That I was with them and who we were and of course her I don't know how did you wear these and last the shop when you come up up against the face to face you read about it in the newspapers You hear about it, but you don't really realize the significance of it until it hits you in the face yourself Major our cause of the prejudice is skin colors and I think I don't know why but I think the white people think that color people have have dirty skin and They don't have progressive culture so So the white people are the most great great great and Wonderful person in the world Thanks On this matter of skin color if we're here in the summer you'd see lots of Americans on all the beaches trying to get brown Significant I guess I wonder what that really means. I think we white women have an inferiority complex The East and women and the Nego women have a sort of reputation for being so beautiful. I guess it's a little jealous of them I guess you just envy us colored people. I think Well, is there anything corresponding to that and well, I think so Mrs. Waller because in the Philippines It's just funny. There's a common tendency among women. Well those who have a a Dark complexion I should say or just a tan one or just a brown complexion Well, especially these high society Matterance well, even if they've got already wrinkles on their face They still want to bleach their skin. Suppose you meet one right now and you say oh good morning And you see that she's just tan than brown But after three months you meet the same person and with the hot with the useful society walk and the trying to be very dignified And cultured and everything and you just notice that her face was a slider than before and when you look at her hands and everything up to her arms Well, you'll be likeable to say to explain holy Moses because there's a real Very great difference you see she's about very light here But you look at the arms and everything and the lower part of the body but jeez it's just a very great difference It's colored here, but it's very light. They really bleached their skin. They don't miss a swallow They can't what about Japan is that Japanese women don't want to change it anyway. There's some Japanese women Die die die the here red really Yeah, from the 50s Red, but I don't like it I don't need it. Well as the Western people try to get the Darkest dark skin we try to get light lighter skin but we prefer the sun We use such a nice color now When we go out then we use some long-sleeved flowers to prevent from the sun So we don't get a fancy dark color Tell me what are your governments if anything doing about problems of prejudice you've each mentioned some prejudice that exists in your country What are your governments doing to try to eradicate it? You mentioned the prejudice against hybrids you mentioned the prejudice against hybrids too You haven't told us much about the position of women otherwise by the way, let me ask you right here Are women any freer in Japan now than they were before the war? Well be both of them There was no democratic and women belong to men and men controlled women and everything and How about me has first opportunity to everything even getting out of the door women how to open the door first and the man passed the first and in the buses or theaters Man take said first and if there's no seed women how to stand in all right? I love to live Changing all yes quite changed and they'll just now women can both and They'll women have equal opportunity in everything Judith you were talking about Cockney exit I'm over to go Is that still very strong in England as prejudice of the so-called aristocracy against the Cockney no? I didn't think it's a very serious problem now especially since the war you know this idea that the English speak either with a Cockney accent or else with them a very aristocratic accent that isn't true anymore And and we certainly don't despise people anymore if they speak with that if you go into the House of Parliament now You will often hear a North Country accent or a Welsh accent or even a Cockney accent and we're proud of those kind of people because they are the people who Who got us through the last war and nobody would dare say anything against them in fact It's the aristocratic accent which is the other side of the fence and people laugh at that nowadays. I'm afraid In fact, you may think that my accent is a little cultured that I assure you back in England I have not quite a Cockney accent but still an accent At least you mean to say your school mistress would not totally approve of you. Oh no, I should be connected I hate to think what's going to happen when you go back after three months here Sit-o-ah you write me about that. Well, yeah, I wanted to have time to ask you what you thought Individuals could do in terms of eradicating prejudice but our times almost up anybody got a quick answer Well, I guess we should carefully examine the individual first before passing any judgment on him And if we ever pass a judgment we should be just with it That's a good note to end on. Thank you Bhatnadi, Nareko, Judith and Rao Next week we're going to continue on this subject of prejudice with four delegates from Africa one white and three colored The delegates from Union of South Africa Gold Coast Ethiopia and Nigeria All right, so this was really interesting video um, so it was like um four high school students in 1956 in the US exchange students in the US we talked about prejudice You know, it's about the individual. You know, it's not about the skin color. It's about the individual and I'm the same is that So like even like you know, so now it's 1956 so like even like you know about like 70 years now like in 2021 there's a lot of like discrimination and prejudice about like each other like about skin color and like how they look like Like now because of like pandemic there's like a lot of hate store like Asian people and like hating each other because of skin color and like how they look but what Important actually is like how how they are really and what Rao says in 1956 is still the same now And there's a some problems that was like happening back in 1956 It's still happening today like the risk of nation and I feel like you know, we are the ones who can change it So like I think I do my best to like not to like discriminate anybody So I hope you guys who's watching this video do that too like not don't discriminate like anybody because skin color and how they look But about like look at who they are, you know what I mean? So like I feel that's important thing still in the world today Yes, so that's my opinion I have to watch in this video So um, yeah, so thank you for watching this video Um, if you got some more video you want me to like leave them in the comment section And if you like this video, please give them some thumbs up and subscribe to my channel and check more videos And please let me know which other video I should watch. I'm really curious about the series about this high school exchange soon So I'm gonna be watching more of these I think yeah, so I'm really curious about this. So all right, so thank you for watching today