I'm Ricky
And I'm Erica
I'm Korean, I have a Filipina wife.
Currently pregnant, how many months? 6 months?
It's been a great
journey since the day we found out that
she was pregnant. Dealing with all the
first trimester cravings. So I would like to
share how we found out that she was
pregnant and telling it to both our
parents, Korean and Filipino parents.
I get so excited whenever I
think of how we found out about our pregnancy.
We had this feeling that she
was pregnant even before we run through the kit.
We were at a Korean barbeque
restaurant and normally I don't really
eat kimchi because it's too spicy but
that day I was eating kimchi like crazy.
She was finishing all the side dishes like fresh kimchi, Kimchi stew, kimchi pancake..
All the side dishes made of kimchi and I was like something's weird.
Yeah! the next morning I did the
pregnancy test and it turned out
positive but one of the lines, was too
blurry like I can barely see it.
Yeah and then she came to me and asked me like am I hallucinating? Are you seeing what I'm seeing?
And then a couple days
later we did the test again and the
lines they became thicker and more visible.
Actually we have been trying to have a baby since
before and we were so happy about it of
course but at that time we haven't had
the wedding ceremony yet so which means
we haven't announced about our
marriage to the public and of course we
have to share this great news to the
people around. First thing first we had
to tell parents.
In Korea to some
conservative family being pregnant
before the wedding is a big deal, it's a
big thing.
So I was really nervous because I didn't know how they would react.
Luckily
we had them on our video and yeah we
were having my family over for dinner. My
brother and mother. On the left that's my
brother and on the right, that's my mom.
They're both not yet ready to reveal
their self on YouTube so we had to blur
their faces. At that time my dad couldn't
be with us because he was on a business
trip.
They took it very nicely and cool and they gave us their blessings. And after that we
flew to the Philippines to tell this great news to my family! And how we did it was,
We pretended like we're taking a family photo
I asked Ricky to take us a family picture
but actually....R : I was taking a video.
That's how we told about our pregnancy to both of our parents.
When a guy hears that your wife is pregnant, it takes sometime to be fully aware of the situation.
because guys we need to see with our own
eyes to recognize the changes. And I
started to see changes in her body. She
became more beautiful.
E: Ooh Thank you...
Pregnancy got her blooming. She became more circular and not only the changes in her body, the cravings.
In the first trimester
I mostly craved for kimchi.
(explaining the situation)
Erica doesn't have time in between to have lunch so I
prepared kimchi fried rice.
It is her favorite kimchi fried rice
Babe, thank you so much...
OMG..
Do you think it's yummy?
Yes! Thank you so much..
Did you want two eggs or just one egg?
Just one is enough
That's how I know that our baby is at
least half Korean.
Do you remember about turon?
Yes, it is so hard to find turon
in Korea. We had to call all the
Pinoy restaurants in Seoul if they have turon.
We finally had it. Although we haven't
really posted all the videos on YouTube
but I did a lot (Cooking Pinoy food)
And think I became like personal
chef of Erica..
She will say "Oh I want this"
And I will look up on the internet how to make it..
And then bring them on few hours later...
Then I change my mind like, I don't want that anymore.
R: And I end up eating everything..            
E: I'm sorry....
As time passed by, I couldn't hide my Filipino gene anymore,
in wanting to have the gender reveal party for the baby!
When I first heard about the
gender-reveal party, I didn't believe
that it's a real thing. Because I wanted to know
the gender as soon as possible!
And I haven't seen anyone doing it
in Korea.
Actually after posting the first video where we announced our pregnancy,
The first video with my grandmother?
Yes yes yes, we saw many of your
comments about the gender-reveal party
and I showed them to Ricky to convince
him. That we should really do it!
And do you remember I've showed you some
videos how they do it.
Like with balloons?
After seeing all the
comments, we decided to have
gender-reveal party. And that was about the time that we could know the gender.
So we told our obgyn to not to tell us
the gender.
We asked her to write it on a piece of paper.
And then we gave this
paper to my brother to help us prepare
the party and we invited our friends and
family.
My family in the Philippines
since they couldn't make it here, we plan
to do a Skype video call.
First we made an invitation card to send out to our
friends and family..
And then, I bought this, the most important equipment for a Filipino party.
I got this idea from Jokoy, he's a Filipino -American standup comedian.
There are like 187 languages
in the Philippines and then there is one
common language that every Filipino
speaks..Do you know what it is?
Yes! He said karaoke!
I bought this small karaoke machine.
It was actually a surprise for Erica. She was so happy.
Yes! I didn't know!
And we started to put decorations in our house
and all of sudden, I thought that
I wouldn't have this much of fun
and meaningful moment if I haven't married Filipina
You, Erica..
For that, I really want to thank you for giving me
such a nice experience that I would
never experience without you.
You are making me teary.
Thank you...
For the bonus clip for today..
We would like to apologize for not being able to reply all the questions through the messages,
the comments. So we picked three most
asked questions. First question, "house tour"
Yes. We will do it but it's just 
that our house is not yet finished. It's
still undergoing some minor constructions. So when it's done we will
make the house tour video for sure.
And next question is how I got my scholarship
here in Korea. I'm going to leave a link
below where you can find all the details
of the universities and scholarships here
in Korea.
And then we will make a video soon
with detailed information of how I was able to study in Korea.
And the last question is
Is Ricky pure Korean?
Are you pure Korean?
Actually I'm a half Filipino...
Because she is my other half. At least that makes me half Filipino.
Yeah both of my parents are Korean,
so as far as I know about myself, I am Korean.
See you again on next Tuesday!
