 And sure enough, we had to hike up this mountain and we finally met Wang O. She's so amazing, she's legendary. Vogue came to the Philippines. And one of the first covers was actually Wang O. It's so beautiful and it's such an empowering message that Vogue sent. What's up, Philippines? Welcome back to another reaction video with the host, Melly. I am so so happy to see you smiling faces again. Today I am reacting to a video from Drew Binsky, who has been traveling all around the world and is apparently married to a Filipina. So today I'm reacting to 33 epic days in the Philippines. Highlights. I'll just jump straight into it and see what he has been up to. Let's do this. What's up guys? I just got back home after an epic 33 day trip in the Philippines. And in this video, I'm going to share with you all of my favorite parts. Okay. Wow, I was just worried. This is absolutely stunning up here. What a time has come. Oh my god, that's a tube! Wang Wang O. I think I'll get one tube. Don't call my mom. Oh, by the way, he keeps not wrong. Hands up. Wow. Dude, it's fantastic. You're the best thing ever. Of course, plenty of food. What a happy place. We began in Manila. What's up guys? I'm Drew Binsky and I'm in Manila with my friends. Chewy. So first off, I want to say I've been to the Philippines at least 50 times, but this trip was different because I was going there to get married, which by the way, I'm going to leave time below my amazing wedding video on my main channel, which I hope you guys will check out. But in Manila, I did many new things. Most importantly, I went to the Muslim court, which was so cool. There was a variety of different foods. Oh, big, this plate is. Oh. I can't explain it. It's coconut chicken spice rice all in one plate. Ooh, this is so good. In different cultures and different people that I met. I'm from the US. I'm from the Philippines. You're half-sand-lapina, half-euranian. I'm feeling it. Wow, Ade, Ade. I've never met an Iranian Filipino before. This is a cool one. What's this? And I went into one mosque where I met some people from Marawi, which is where the ISIS war was several years ago, and I met these two ladies who gave me some heartwarming information about their hometown. It's not the war. It is the Mara Nau. It is the people of Lake Lano, where they've been very devastated, spiritually emotional. But I was really happy with those ladies we're saying, but I'm glad I captured that to hear real stories from real people who lived that and not from the media. It was really sad that something that sticks with me in my head and on a positive note, I also went to Benondo. We have just entered the chaos. The chaos, the real chaos. The world. How old is it, bro? More than 400 years old. So busy this. That is older than the independence of the United States of America, 400 years old. And you can see it's a 40 paradise. Look at the line. Yep, yep, yep. But the food show they planted your food options. I don't know. Under a bunch of construction right now. Pretty crazy place, man. When I made the stories, I was like, we did some epic food adventures. My whole trip in Manila was food. I was eating all kinds of stuff from bizarre food. Like, two. Oh my god. Are you guys ready to try some? Two, two, one. Cheers. Okay. It seems like every foreign that it comes to the Philippines has this raw experience of all the food cultures that are Manila. Like, you can find everything and anything. I mean, he just had a very weird soup that I haven't tried yet, but I had the black chicken soup, I think. So many things that I tried. I don't even want to start. It's actually good. This is a plate of cow eyeball. All right, I'm putting it in the soup. It's eyeballs. It's crunchy, yeah. Ugh, the texture. It's actually very hard. The flavor is like high-boreal diced. Chewing through bone. Oh my god. And it's just some really, really tasty meals. Oh my god. It's a jacuzzi of beef bones. I know. Cheers, bro. Oh, dude, this is fantastic. This is the best thing I've ever had. This is one of my favorite filleting of dishes already. Oh, yeah. It's the best. Manila is amazing. It looks like he had a lot of comfort food. Easy city, but there's so many amazing hidden pockets around town that I hope you guys get the chance to explore. Three wallets for one bun is peeled. And we're flying. Bro, that was amazing. After Manila, I went to Beacol. We're going to Beacol. Where are we going? Beacol. Beacol, you're home town. By the way, Mayon volcano is on fire currently. So if you're planning a trip to Beacol, now is the time to capture the cone shaped volcano in the most beautiful way. If you're a photographer, this is a photographer's paradise right now. Look at that. It is. There's a province in the east where Diana's from. And we went to a hometown called Palangu. It's actually my fourth time there, but my first time in the last five years and it was an amazing experience. I made a whole video on this channel about it. But some of the highlights were walking through the old markets, which I've never been to, kind of in the old part of the town. As you keep getting deeper and deeper in this market, it keeps getting more fascinating with you. Different things, like lettuce hanging over your heads. Coconut. Echo, yeah. Hello. I think it's what we're known for. What? Yeah, remember I told you what's up for him. There is a new one, you don't, like, because you put it, you bite like this and you put it on it. You don't put a microwave? No. It's a whole factory in here. They got all kinds of things going. Okay, these are childhood memories of my popcorn made in the pot. Kids from these days don't know it because they have microwave popcorn, right? All right, I'm going over here. Of course, you have the Mayan volcano, which is just epic. It's the world's most symmetrical cone volcano ever. In the history of the world, I mean, you can scientist even agree that it's the most symmetrical volcano. It's super cool. And right now, I'm lucky enough to see a beautiful rainbow on the side right there. It's so special to be able to come to Diana's hometown and see nature that is this beautiful, amazing moment up here. Okay, one more thing about Mayan volcano. It doesn't even do justice seeing it on video because when you are there, you see the volcano. Every corner and it's just majestic. It's just so breathtaking and beautiful. And it's just, I don't know, you have to be there. You have to go there to see it for yourself. And then of course, you have Diana's family and friends that were there. When it was so cool, we did a electron. I did this thing called Pumamamikkan, which is basically, you know, before a man and a woman get married. And the man has to prove his worth to the female's family. And you do so by serenetting her and doing things in the field, which I wasn't able to do. Like, rice collecting and climbing trees. But I did put on a Filipino outfit and serenaded her. Diana's going to freak out when she sees me with this on. It's really really a fun time. And I feel like I've been in a lot of fun. Okay. Man, she's so pretty. Isn't she? What the fuck is that? It's really, really a fun time. And it's just so, so peaceful out there in the province. And just absolutely stunning. The province life is better. Next, we went north to visit Wang Ode. There we go. Who is the last remaining tribal tattoo artist in the Philippines when I have a video coming soon on my main channel. I know if you clicked the link below. I'll link all the videos, the longer-form videos to these in the description down below. The journey to get there was crazy. We had like a 12-hour drive from Manila up the mountains to the northern part of the island of Luzon Island. And we went to this place called Sagada, which is this like high elevation mountain. It's a really beautiful place in the Philippines. We've made it to the highest point in the entire country. It's stunning. It's on any highway. 7,400 feet high right here. Check this out. I remember driving there during the good old days when we did making it juicy on the road. And we were driving through the mountains. And we could look down on the clouds. Imagine that you are driving above the clouds. That was surreal. That was such a stunning. I mean, I'm getting goosebumps just thinking of it. Such a stunning experience. If you can go there, definitely go there, see the rice terraces. And of course, if you can, won't visit one hot. Get your tattoo as long as she's alive. Kalinga. And sure enough, we had to hike up this mountain. And we finally met Wang. Oh, she's so amazing. She's legendary. She's so sweet. All right, so the time has come. And now getting a tattoo from the legendary Wang. Beautiful. Oh, that looks painful. Thank you. So cool, yeah. Thank you. It was just such a pleasure to meet her. I mean, she was on the Covert magazine. Like, she's super famous. It was just a great, great, great experience to meet Wang. One other thing that is that has happened is Boge came to the Philippines. And one of the first covers was actually one odd. I commented underneath the picture on the Instagram profile. It's so beautiful. And it's such an empowering message that Boge sends. Super, super love the cover. See that part of the Philippines. After that, as we were going back down to Manila, we stopped at the Benawai rice terraces, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site for you. Yeah. Absolute beauty. We're talking like miles and miles. There's a picture of me of these like stepping stones, which makes rice terraces. And it was the Ifugou tribe, which hundreds and hundreds of years ago, the Ifugou tribe had made it by hand. That's really the men and women were out there like carving these rice terraces. And today, just so beautiful. I mean, I was flying my drone and getting the most epic shots. In my opinion, this should be like one of the seven wonders of the world. It is that outstanding. I agree. I was actually super, super surprised when I met the Ifugou because they were able to speak English. Like, it's so unreal. And I asked why they are able to speak English. They told me that the missionaries came to that area and told them English. And so that's why they are able to talk to tourists as well. After the Benawai rice terraces. From Fakhtpudnalik. Which is a province just north of Manila and it is famous for none other than its sissy. It's really capital. I only went to Aling Sossings. All right, the sissy has arrived. Yep. Look at that. Oh my god. Anthony Bodin went there. This is a link plate of pork snout. As you hear. All the parts of the paper you don't eat normally. They chop it up, put it on this sissy plate with onions and it's just fantastic. And it originates in this city. And actually, the great Anthony Bodin, who is my role model and idol, said that this is the most underrated dish in the Philippines. I'm just probably going to take the world by storm. Mmm. Wow. It's definitely the best sissy I've ever had. Woo. It's fantastic, bro. I don't know how to say that. Not to mention this is a thing. Something that I admire about the Philippines is that every part of the animal is being used for some sort of dish. So in this case, as he said, you have the nose, you have the eyes, you have knuckles, I don't know, like all sorts of pieces that are combined in a dish that is really delicious. It's very heavy. But if you have enough rice with it, it should be fine. Good day, Ana Roa and Pat Sissy. This is the best. It was just wonderful, full video. Oh, yeah. When it's crispy. And it was just great. Even better. Right, Dudoi? What do you think about that? Good? Completely. He's just listening to the whole conversation. He wants to be involved. After Pampanga, we went back to Manila for a few days. And then it was time to get married. So, Ana and I went to Balasin Island, which is a private island. You have to get a private plane to get there. A chartered island. We had 80 of our closest family and friends joined us. And it was just absolutely incredible. Two night, three day retreat in Balasin. We had perfect weather. I don't want to get too into detail because I'm working on the most epic, amazing piece. 15 to 20 minute video on my main channel about the wedding. And that's linked down below. But I just want to say that it was absolutely amazing. And I guess I said I'm not going to tease it anymore, but just know that it was the most beautiful picture at the wedding that we could have ever dreamed of. After the wedding, all the people from the wedding went to Borg. Having a wedding in Balasin Island is like winning the lottery because it's so exclusive. You can't just go there. You need to be a member. Yes, it's a membership. Or have somebody who is a member invites you there. That's pretty cool. I mean, that's very unique. Saying, I had my wedding in Balasin Island. I think which is one other than the most famous party island in the Philippines and probably in the world. You have an amazing beach and along with the board block you have all these bars and clubs and restaurants and things going on. It's just an absolute blast. See, Dudo even thinks of it because he's jumping on my lap here. And fun fact, Dudo is actually from the Philippines, right? You're from Calipa, Manila. If you ever go to the Philippines and you only have a few days you're going to have a hard-working board pack because you get perfect beach, fun, good vibes, everything on this small island. After Borg, I, to wrap up an amazing month in the Philippines, Diana and I headed down south to an island called Tawi Tawi, which a lot of Filipinos think is the most dangerous island in the country. Woo! And we're going to Tawi Tawi, you excited? It's going to be a blast. Let's do it. Woo! Tawi Tawi is remote. I mean, it is way down there in the southwestern corner of the Philippines, almost close to Malaysian Borneo Island, like a quick boat ride away, maybe like 20, 30 miles from there. It's so rural down there that there's no geology. Like, that's how you can differentiate if a place in the Philippines has people and not if there's geology or not. There's so many people down there, but it's famous for the Bajau tribe. The Bajau tribe are known to be the world's best free divers because they... Okay, I did a video about the Bajau tribes on my channel. We'll pop up right here, some Nellies life. Check it out. I'm very interesting. It's people who actually, oh, there's also a reaction video that I did. People who live on water and the whole life evolves around fishing and diving. There are different types of Bajau people, but you know, watch the whole video here. Free dive without oxygen, they just dive down in the ocean, which by the way is insanely picturesque blue and colorful. And they have this spear and that's how they catch their fish and they go down there and they hold their breath at the six minutes. It's absolutely fantastic. It was an amazing story to be with the Bajau, and to eat food with them, to learn about their lives. But, I really want to show them. So summer, I got like second degree burn on my back and actually it is still really red after like over two weeks of time. Anyways, Tawi Tawi was great. It's a very different part of the Philippines. It's a different language. It's Muslim. It's very different than the other part. We know the Philippines. We know the Philippines. So this trip, I was able to go to a car park. Around the Philippines from North to West. I know what you're saying. Nelly is the interest there, but I think if I go a company, maybe it's going to be a wonderful, wonderful experience. I've got to say that this is my favorite country in the world. I've been saying this since 2013, two years before I met Diana. It's just the best. The people are so nice. Welcome to the Philippines. It makes you wonderful. It's cheap. It's fun. It is fantastic. And I wish I was there right now. And if you've ever been to the Philippines, please comment below. What do you love about it? What places do you want to go? I'll be in the comments answering them. And I appreciate you guys watching this video. It's just so fun to reflect on my trip. And I can't wait for the next one. See you guys later. Peace. Wonderful video. I am so, so excited to watch all the other videos that we uploaded, especially the waiting one. Maybe I'll do a reaction video on that one. It's an interesting thing to see from my perspective. How that wedding went down because I've never been to a Philippines wedding. Can you imagine? Yeah, there was a trip for today. And if you enjoyed this video, let us know. And if you're new to the channel, subscribe, leave me a comment. What do you like to see next? And what do you think about this video? In my short, you know, thoughts, kind of videos featuring foreign bloggers as well. Let me know in the comments. And I will reply from this. I'll see you guys next time with me on... What's up Philippines?