 If you don't like it! Ugggggg! Welcome back to the channel guys. Today we're going to discover the original Filipino ice cream sandwich. Did you know that San Miguel isn't allowed to sell its Magnolia ice cream in the United States? That's because this Magnolia ice cream is made from a different company. And essentially what they did is they used a logo and obviously a name that's very similar to the one you'll find in the Philippines to market their product to Filipino Americans here in the US. So the family that basically runs the Magnolia company here in the US, it's a Northern California family. They're based out of Pittsburgh, California, actually up in the Bay Area. And they've been making Magnolia ice cream here in the States since 1972. So today we're going to try this Magnolia ice cream, buco pandan, macapuno ube, encased okay so flavor, original Filipino style in an ice cream sandwich version. So I pre-made these guys and I did put them in the freezer so that the ice cream wouldn't melt but now the bread's a little bit hard. But this is basically your Filipino ice cream sandwich. I never remember the first time I saw something like this. We were watching an episode of bizarre foods with Andrew Zimmer and he was out walking the streets of the Philippines and he came up on this cart where they were literally making ice cream sandwiches. It looked just like this with a hamburger bun and they were just scooping ice cream in it. They had a little bit of condiments and such but I don't have any of those today so we're just going to eat them just like this. So we've got the ube macapuno flavor which is, let's see the purple yum, obviously ube, my favorite, queer's favorite and it's got a little bit of the macapuno in it which is a young coconut. Young coconut again here with the buco pandan flavor and this one has the pandan leaf flavoring to it so it's kind of got that little bit of an nuttiness and then obviously the coconut flavoring from the buco and then we've got a queso queso over here. So that's something I've never tried before is cheese ice cream and this is cheese ice cream with a little bit of cheese in it so I am very much looking forward to giving that a try. All right which one's first guys? Ube! Um let's do queso queso so we can give Rowan his scoop because he doesn't want to eat it in the way. Okay yep. Okay just one scoop for now. Rowan first. Come on. Come on. Yeah I do. Mmm. Mmm. Yeah? Yeah. Cheese ice cream huh? Pretty good? Yeah I can't believe you actually like that. What does it taste like? It's like, yeah. Mommy's turn. C queso queso. A little cheese bits. Oh it got my hair. Mmm. Mmm. That's really good with that bread. I was not expecting that at all but it's something about that soft brioche style bread that has already that little bit of sweetness with it paired with the cold cold ice cream. I'd totally eat one of these out in the streets. Once you say the vitamins to it you feel the fullness. Mmm-hmm. Then after you taste the bread and then you just sort of mix it in and it's just delicious. Yeah it'd be really good with some like um boba or red beans and I think they do macapuno strings at the street vendors. I would totally, I really want to try one now next time. We're visiting. Yep. How about we give this to Danny? Let's do buco pundan. Also one of my favorites. I love coconut. Buco juice is one of my favorite things to have. All right this one's super full so we'll see. I'm going to eat the game. Oh my gosh. You take a bite into it you're just going to make a side that I'm going to eat bigger. Good. Wow that is really good. I think there's a little bit of coconut in there. Yep. See when I hear. Nutty, almondy but very refreshing because it's ice cream. You want a scoop of it? Yes. Yeah. Mmm. It's a good clear. Mmm. To me tastes like something that I can't remember what it's called. I don't know if I can help you with that. I feel like this would go nice with that whole. Okay. About to mix it with ketchup. Okay so. Oh mixture. Okay. Yeah. Not no we can take a drink and then you get that last thing. It's refreshing this deal from the ice cream. So what do you think? Whoops excuse me. All right. No. No. Oh. I like it. All right. So we properly end with coconut. I guess we'll let we have the first bite. It's okay go ahead. Yeah. Oh. We'll be good. Mmm. We got the coconut. Oh yeah. You can really taste the coconut. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Here it goes again. Winner, winner, winner chicken. Dinner. Winner, winner, winner chicken. I don't know. I really like that coconut too. But yes, it's cool. That's right. You can taste the coconut and this one a lot. I don't know how much of the ube though. These ice creams are all very very creamy. Um I don't know if you saw me scooping it out but it was super easy to scoop out. Yes, you. Oh. I got ice cream in my hair. Yeah. Also I think it's my scoop. Oh. You want the ube? Yes. Ladies and gentlemen. Road going to try something ube flavored today. It's a miracle. First you try cheese and then ube. I know. Are we okay? This I have to see. I will mix them all together. So if you've seen I've seen you on half the video. I'm not gonna have no no no no no no. You would notice that Roan would not eat anything ube or cheese. Roan usually refuses to eat. Anything with cheese on it or ube. So this is a big deal. Mm-hmm. Yes. That's what. Good. Just good. It is. It is very good. Very delicious. We use really small rolls to make ours. Like I said the one that I had seen on the episode of bizarre foods. It was like a big hamburger bun. So I think that would be a really cool treat. A lot of fun to have something different with that. Putting it in the brioche bread or the hamburger style bun. Using those two sweet pieces together. They just fit really really well. I'm pretty excited. We tried that. What? I knew for getting something. What? Soon my birthday is coming up. That means we're gonna have an episode of my birthday. You want to share your birthday with our viewers? Yes. Okay. Roan's birthday is coming up everyone. So be sure to say happy birthday to Roan. Roan, did you change your mind about ube and Kessena? No. So you said you still don't like the Kessena? Okay, we'll let that ube. Not so much. But also I'm going to have an among us thing to celebrate with with with mistakes and churning. And it has lemon crust and lemon and lemon crust. I know what's going to taste like. Oh you guys wrap up if I have a suggestion. I think you guys should do like what Roan did. Get a small, I'll get you a small bowl and mix the three flavors like a halahalo style. Okay. Because I know we missed out on a lot of flavors tonight because we only got three. But let me get a new bowl. You can mix it up and then we can create a Frankenstein ice cream and see how that works. It looks like a sherbert like that. Can I please? What? What? Look at your face. You've been talking this whole time. I thought you said I can do the scooping. I'll pick nobody said you could do the scooping. We just said we were going to mix the three. Roan stop going. I'm just hoping. Alright so now we're going to do the concoction. All three. One bite. Mom is doing it. Nathan. You can really taste the coconut. Yeah. I think you can. I totally agree with you. It's because of I think the buko pan done and the makabuno ube together. The coconut is really overpowering. All of it. Oh my god. Just smart. Yeah but when you get the coconut in the end you taste the saltiness of the cheese. Really? Yeah. I don't feel like the cheese one was salty. Yeah. No there's actually a cheese bit so I got some. I think I got a bit of cheese. I don't know how I feel about that. A chunk of cheese in my ice cream. This feels amazing for me. Really? Yeah. And you're scraperous. It's not what I expected that for sure. I mean I was thinking it was going to taste like like melted cheese, like nacho cheese or quesadilla cheese. Mom. What? Or like a slice of cheddar cheese? It's like it. But I didn't quite. I don't know. I didn't get much of the cheesy flavor in there. It's just a lot of that creamy milkiness is what I really tasted in it. Yeah. It's really good. Both the two coconuts. That was stupid. Delicious. It's really good. It's really good. It was much more thick than other ice creams for me. Yeah. I think I prefer these over like some of the regular ice creams that we get. Let's do our favorite. Look at this. Favorites. All right. Favorite. Roll. Roll and what's your favorite? Well, you are not going to eat the these but it's queso. It's queso queso. With spruco pandan. Mixed together. Okay. You got a concoction there. Mommy's favorite is buco pandan. I really like that one. I like the extra coconut nuttiness. It doesn't taste too sweet. So it seems just right for me. I like the buco pandan and not the ube because I can't taste the ube because there's too much coconut. All right. So next time I think maybe we'll have to make like get more flavors for sure. But also do maybe some sort of Sundays or kind of mix things up. Add a little tropical fruits in there. I got the greatest idea. We could buy hollow hollow but take out the ice cream and put it in the bowl and put a different flavor ice cream in each one. All right. Thank you so much for watching our episode today on Lidemovida Tagalog. We got to try the original Filipino ice cream sandwich using a few different ice creams from the US version of Magnolia and it was really yummy. Yeah. I'm very surprised that this guy chose the case okay so we know because we all know he had not a cheese lover. Apparently he loves cheese ice cream. I love queso queso and buco pandan mixed together. Thank you again for all the support, all the subscribers, all the comments. If you can think of something that you want us to see or if you think of something that you want to see us that you want to watch us do a video on please let us know in the comments down below and in go until next time. I love you bye bye. Bees. Bees. If you do not like I thought it was a cookie. Seven get go. Oh gosh. We do not like Filipino ice cream that changed the channel. Let's see what Scoopay says. Ten of the channel is dead. Okay, ready? One, two, three. Fresh potato. We got cookies and ice cream. Wait, what?