 It's kind of complicated. Thanks to you every morning, every day, did you eat, did you sleep, how is everything? The ride to the movies is super hard. I had so many friends and filled them up, so I don't even put them just left the country because it was kind of impossible. Hey everyone, in the previous video I asked foreign men about their insights on the dating scene and the Philippines. So we'll go to follow our video and we'll be asking the same type of questions to foreign women. So that's exactly what I'm going to do this time. And back in BGC, I'm interested to hear the insights of the woman this time. So let's go around and ask them. Oh, let's go to the hotel. I am, I am, I am, it's just here. You can be close, I can be little bit worried. Okay, yeah. Alright, so what's your name away from? My name is Alona, I'm from Ukraine. Okay, nice to meet you. So today's video is going to be about the dating scene and the Philippines. So what is the dating scene like in the Philippines? I would say mostly people use here Tinder and Bumble or something like that because I heard from my friend. I was sitting in Tinder quite a few times when I was single. Honestly Tinder just like if you want to find some fuck body. Filipino guys for dating, they probably, I will describe them like they will help. They're going to be with you every time. They're going to text you every morning, every day. Did you eat, did you sleep? How is everything? I would say some kind of women will like it and it's cool. Some kind of women will like get it and it's annoyed because I was annoyed. I don't ask me question, I just woke up, I don't want to talk to anybody. But they definitely are family oriented. Most of the Filipino guys here are family oriented and they are going to treat you like a queen if you want to be them queen. So what's your name? Bianca. Bianca. Okay, are you from? I'm Brazilian. Okay, and how long have you been living here? I'm living here for five years. I think for the girls, it's kind of complicated. I had so many friends and filled them up. I don't even put them left the country because it was kind of impossible. And like for the, I don't know, maybe the guys are too girly sometimes. I think for a guy, it's easier than for a girl, I don't know, just my experience. I think the date is here, it's really fast because we have a lot of foreigners coming. So it can be like super passionate and someone who wants to marry you, but also there's a lot of foreigners coming and like travel around. So it's also easy if you don't want this kind of commitment. So what's your name and why you from? My name's Winnie and I'm from, I live in the Philippines but I'm from Taiwan. You know, to be honest, I'm actually thinking I'm out the best candidate because I dated my boyfriend since high school. So we're high school sweethearts. I mean, so maybe you can come on like what's something that you think is like typical Filipino when it comes to something that maybe you're not going to see in other cultures? I think maybe family, like you have to be very family oriented here in the Philippines. Meeting an approval of family is very serious in comparison to I say Western families. It's not like a Western family, you make your own decisions. Like it's really up to you to you have the autonomy to be like, hey, I'm dating this person and your parents are like, yeah, I trust you to do that. A lot of Western families are like that, but like in Filipino families, it's like we have to love you in order for you to have, like to have the approval and to keep dating this person. Otherwise it's going to be super hard. What's the big difference when compared to Brazil? Because what I feel in here is like everyone is looking for a wife or a husband. So in Brazil is not like that and also we don't play. So if you want something, you're going to tell something and that's it. There is less drama around and I think we are more straightforward like 40 points. And if you're just going to sex, I just want to sex. If you're married, we're more clear about it. I was going to ask, how is it any different from the dating scene in Ukraine? You already mentioned a couple of points, maybe something else. It's not that much difference from Ukrainian guys and Filipinos guys. I will say they also try to take care of yourself and they also try to put you in the position that you are women. So you're doing your women job and I'm a man, I'm doing my men job. Which is, I will say, consider in Ukraine to be close to it. Not 100% the same but so close to it. But in terms of Western guys, it's such a difference because Western mentality, like North America mentality, it's more about like we are partners. So you provide in, I'm providing, we are team together. We are making team together and here is this guy, don't worry, be at home. Pop some babies and I'm going to do everything for you. And as I say, for some women it's cool. I will say maybe for definitely a 50% of women will be like, oh cool, I can sit at home, I can be a woman. And I can do whatever I want. But for some women just like, oh, I also have Korea. I also want to be successful, I don't want to fall in love with that. Like I can pop up as a baby for you but you can sit with them. Okay, so but do you have experience with Filipino guys? No, my best friend, she is married Filipino guy. And I remember that when I saw him I was just like, so concerned, so concerned. But later when I knew story how they met and when he didn't do usual Filipino stuff to her. So one of the story which he brought is like they driving somewhere and she asked him, can we stop to 7-11? I need to buy a load. She expected. Which is most of the time I'm going to be like that. That he's going to come with her and he's going to pay for her load. But he is just like, okay, go. Buy a load by yourself. And I think what varies here, let you know that you're not going to use me because it's also unforgistically. Some of the women can take position of these guys to use them for better life without actually have feelings. And I will say a little bit concerned for Filipino guys because they easily can be used. You should keep in mind, yes, you should treat your woman as a queen and everything. But are you sure that she is a queen? Are you sure that she is a queen? So, yeah. Have you dated Filipino? I did. I did. I did a few of them. Few of them are kind of looking for a wife. And it was not my time. Okay, okay. So I had a kind of drama and people calling you. It was like, just don't call me. They're good with commitment. Yeah, they are really looking for commitment and they are really passionate. But I think they are looking for commitment with every single person. Yeah. Just chill. Would you be as interested in dating a Filipino as a foreigner or not? If I'm a foreigner, okay. But would you be as interested in dating a Filipino guy as you are dating a foreigner? Of course, it's not about like Filipino or not Filipinos. Just because here I found this kind of commitment more stronger than the other countries. Right. So we just see a lot on the street. It's like a foreigner guy with a Filipino girlfriend. But you don't see it really like the other way around. Like a foreign woman with like a Filipino guy. What do you think that is? I feel like it's ingrained in social cultures. I feel like a lot of females maybe because of social culture and what we see online. Maybe women gravitate towards these Western cultures because they like... the independence that Western people have or like you kind of just glamorize that. Yeah. So that's why. You do see a lot of foreign guys with Filipina girls. Yeah. What do you think the opposite is not so much? Because, for example, to me, I'm like 170. I'm not that tall, but the guys here, they're like kind of small, like short. And also they are kind of... They are too feminine sometimes. So they're kind of for you feminine. Like no beard, like a kid's face. So they're kind of for you looking for or what you like it. So for me, I don't think it's a problem. I just didn't find a right Filipino maybe. Is it up for you to date here in the Philippines? Since, relatively speaking, there are not so many foreigners here in the Philippines. I will say now after COVID done finally. Now more foreigners here. But most of the foreigners for now coming back, they coming here for traveling. So they're not looking for long term relationship. Yeah. And during COVID it was the same because everybody who stayed here for a long time after year being in lockdown and hazemask just left. So now, while one of my friends is searching for a whole lot. Yeah. So, I just said YouTube. YouTube? Yeah. I will just go to the last question. So what's an advice you can give to a woman coming here? I will say be open for every opportunity. Don't look at other Filipino people as a weak. They're not weak. If you will fall in love with some of them, you're going to be treated best ever. You can imagine. Don't think that every foreigner here is going to treat you the same. And keeping minds and foreigners here, they're still foreigners here. Most of the time they came here for vacation. Most of the time they came here just to have some fun. And if you're really searching for a long relationship, don't search them in Tinder. Don't search them in Bumble. Just find your people around. Maybe through your community, like I have a lot of my Russian Ukrainian friends from Belarus. So, who is meat, Filipino people, go around. Have fun on Publisher. Maybe in one moment do you find somebody? Don't put a lot of... Oh, he's the one in the beginning. But also don't consider him like, oh, it's definitely not my type. He can open for you from different side. Like, as I will say, don't like the face like the soul. Take a time to find his soul. Okay, nice. Thank you. Thank you. So what's an advice you can give to a foreigner woman coming here to the Philippines when it comes to dating? I think if you can find everything here, you can find foreigners and Filipinos. So many nationalities. And also you can find what you are looking for. If you don't just commitment, I think you can find commitment with Filipinos most likely because they're foreigners like traveling. And if you just have fun, I think it's also easy to have fun here. Okay. Yeah, nice. Thank you. You know, I've watched 90... Do you guys watch 90-day fiancee? I don't watch first. Yeah. Yeah. One of the biggest tips about like between like Western and like Asian cultures, etc. Is to really understand the cultural nuances and differences in the culture. Or else you're just not going to go along. If you plan on dating somebody, you have to accept them whole-heartedly and like the differences that you have. This is just not going to work because you have to understand that everyone grew up differently and the social society norms are different for each culture. So understand that and I think that you will have a flourished relationship. Right. Don't understand that it's not going to happen. Okay. Yeah, nice. Alright, so that concludes today's video. I hope you guys enjoyed it. This video actually took three days to make since there are not a lot of foreign women here in the Philippines that can fit this topic. Most of the time you will see foreign guys dating Filipino girlfriends and not so much foreign women dating Filipino guys. So for that reason it was pretty hard to make this video but I'm happy that I did it. So yeah, if you're interested in seeing more of these type of videos then you can check that one out where I go on the street and as foreign guys about their experience dating Filipino women. Or you can check that one out where I asked about the Filipino culture and how important family is for the Filipinos. So yeah. But all that being said, I hope you guys enjoyed the video and I will see you in the next one.