 Is this BGC or it's absolutely massive? Yeah, it's in the center of the city. Follow us your eyes please. Bye bye, take care. See you soon. Bye bye. All right time to go to the street, catch a taxi. Always cheaper than the grab going to the airport. They're quite safe here and now a seabull. And I were just waiting for a taxi. This is the Lambo-Roll barbecue bus. Always traffic here no more what time it is. 10 p.m. guys. We're going to the airport. The airport? Yes sir. It's okay. 355 km. Nothing to worry about. I'm going to the airport. Okay, I'm going to the airport. Please. This is the time we're going to the airport. I'm going to the airport. I'm going to the airport. Hey, no, no, no, no. Miracoya. Huh? Miracoya. Well that's the first time trying to get scammed in seabull. That's what I was talking about before that this never happens here. That didn't happen. Yeah. Anyways, let's check in. It flies on time. See you guys in Manila de Hotel. Very, very friendly driver. And now we're at the Zen premium hotel. We're going to bed. Today we're in Manila. We're going to go explore a little bit of the city. Perhaps BGC even, which I've never been to and I heard some good things about it. And I've seen a lot of videos about it. So we might as well check that out. But first thing we got to go was like, I got to go photo shoot, interview, vlog in convention with Sony. And then we'll have some free time. And then tomorrow we're going to meet up with Irwin. We're also going to meet our other meetings. So hopefully after that we'll have some free time to explore BGC. So very busy trip here in Manila. And without further ado, let's go down and catch our grab to the first event. Guys, we're going to Soro Isakai, which is I think a sushi restaurant. Traffic says it's going to be 21 minutes or we're going to be a little bit late. Just fine here in Philippines. And they also told me to wear something nice and smart. So we got the shades, we got a T shirt, shorts and as well. My Spartans of course, so we're very well dressed up for the photo shoot. Thank you. How are you? How are you? Good fine. Good, good. Alright, let's get some sushi, I guess. Late lunch over here and we got a salmon salad. Mango in it. It is absolutely delicious and a little bit spicy. Then we're going to do a short interview with a magazine here. And then we're off to Sony a locking convention, right? A lot of things. 4 crepes 4 crepes, 8th of all, 5th of all, 4 crepes, 8th of all, 8th of all, 8th of all, So guys here we're the Rx Nero. We're going to try this one out later. We're going to hold like a whole vlog of that. It's server-byte. It's loose. So maybe there's some different what's your settings for that? I feel like I recognize that face lens. I'm finding something with the top. I'm finding some right. Yes, I just across this channel, that I do. That's right. I do it. I do it. He was asking about what's his salary basically. No, it's good. You know what's cool about this event? Because you meet the best of creators here in your hangout meeting for the first time. Check out the channel, what's all about. This is Israel. He does YouTube as well. You know, I'm a big fan. Oh, thank you so much. Really nice people here. And the Manila people have been so kind of friendlier. Even like the taxi drivers too. For me? The taxi drivers were like super friendly. They were giving me snacks. Oh, they caught it. It's very rare. That's really good. I'm pretty sure I'm the only one in this room Brag Slippers. So how logical it is, guys But I'm going to subscribe to every um plan ever. I been on thisbrahim again. It's a huge type of gym, gym gym in a gym gym gym gym, Midgard content. What about it? Ashtag physiological Oh my god watch it sweetheart, I humans so great. Absolutely! I literally saw this guy in YouTube like yesterday and I actually subscribed to him It was like best city in general, send to the show Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, wow! And it just noticed Todd, he was asking questions earlier Ask the guy, what's your CPU? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, right? And I totally like revealed to everybody how much we're making Yeah, yeah, yeah, just, you know, I ended up there guys Yeah, wow! That's best selling I didn't know, I didn't, wow! I've been watching your channel for a long time This is crazy! Oh guys! Wow! Where are you best now? Here, yeah, I live here Manila Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm Manila Leone So like, like 20 minutes away from here I'm actually damn it I've been in the suburbs here California Garden, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah I don't know if you could put that in the vlog or not Yeah, of course you know that face But this is crazy Wow, so nice, so I saw you on Instagram And you were like, on my way to Manila Oh, like, I was like, I don't know, 13, 14 hours ago Or something like that It's crazy! Wow, you think this, I wore this big, but it's actually small Alright guys, the Sony event is over I was pretty cool meeting everybody there I have a guy Tony and Tom here We're gonna explore this Van his Grand Mall Look at this, it's nice This is where it's similar to Italy Like there's a boat on the water weekend You know, get your champagne And enjoy the river cruise What is this? Look at that Where's the boat? There's a boat chair I don't know, I think it just goes in a circle No, there's like a small river I'll be missed the boat The boat came, we're selling up the island somewhere That's all for guys, welcome to Van his Italy Who would have thought this is the Philippines? It's crazy Look at these guys They got a special one, the red one Is this BGC or... This BGC It's like in America guys And we came to this place called Manila Manila American, it's like a helicopter flying there It's Manila American Samadrian It's actually closed, the guard opened up for us And Tom told me about this place I never knew about it But I guess it's from the war It's from the war, yeah We sent a bunch of soldiers over here during World War II To help like I guess rid the Japanese Because they took control of Manila So a bunch of our soldiers died here It's absolutely massive Yeah, almost as far as I could see Look at this place Not sure how much, how many people are there I think it's like 10,000, it's like that And there's the names of the people Yeah, you can see the letter here All the ones that start with N Yeah, I don't want to send the grass to be honest Yeah, we'll look at this guy This city It's in the center of the city Got all the skyscrapers And then a memorial grant For the Americans in the war There's no Filipinos here, or is it? So this is a mix of, that's why it's Manila American So it's a mixture of Americans And Filipinos the dead in the war World War II Don't quote me on this, but I believe that the Filipinos The fought alongside us, got American citizenship I believe, not sure The Filipinos that fought alongside the Americans Got the citizenship I believe, I'm not sure I haven't visited here in a couple months, but Yeah Nice to learn something about this city And so far Manila has blown my mind today What I've seen Like, this is not the Manila that I knew before And what I've stayed before This is, this feels different So all on this side We asked the security guard I'm just going a little bit inside, take a peek But there's a massive, massive memorial grant there That I really want to check out So I hope the security guard won't be pissed at us We're even so late that they're taking the flag down now Here on the right you get the Filipino flag And then the American one And this is as far as we can go And look at this view Not everyone knows where I'm from actually I'm a quarter American I have American citizenship And this is really close to me because My grandpa, he was a pilot And the U is army So he knows a lot of Filipinos actually Some of them from the army base In Iceland So I'm definitely going to show this video to my grandpa At least memorial grant The cemetery It's very, very interesting to see Right here in the center of the city And now they're going to drag down the American flag Yeah, I can see And on that note guys, we're going to enter the vlog Manila has been super cool today A lot of things that they didn't expect Or haven't seen before But I heard about it And now I'm here living it Super cool Starting to love Manila more and more But Zipu is always going to be my home As of now And And we're going to end of the vlog here Or maybe continue to more But if not, see you guys the next one Till next time