 I love my condo in Suboo, which came fully furnished with all appliances and utensils included. There's 24 hour security with guards on the main door. A restaurant and shop on the ground floor, which is open until 10pm most days of the week. I see so many ridiculous posts on Facebook with foreigners and ex-pat asking, how long can I stay in the Philippines on a budget of $2,500? How much do I need to budget to retire in the Philippines? Well, what are my daily, weekly, monthly costs going to be? Good grief, man. Such stupid questions. There are so many variables that it really depends on your personal lifestyle and your creature comforts. I believe wherever you live in the world, your biggest out there will be accommodation. If you want to spend $1,000, $1,500 or $2,000 per month, then do it. But do you need to hire a relative farm on the two bedrooms in Atchiproo City? Here in the Philippines, you can live like a local one, one room boarding house with a bunk bed and shared bathroom for $1,500 or $27 per month. Or you can live in a 22 or 27 square meter self-contained studio room in a condo in Saboo. In this video, I'm going to broke down the costs of living on just over $500 per month. I show that it's possible, as that is what I'm doing. If you've watched another of my videos, entitled A Day in a Liver and Ex-Mar, you'd know that there's a lovely e-code garden on the third floor where I come each morning with my coffee and brew. On the 17th floor of the Swoonpool, and on the 24th floor, another small outdoor terrace. There's a small gym with treadmill, bike, dumbbells and a universal machine. With regard to eating, are you going to eat 10 Deloins steak six times a day? Or can you survive on a couple of balut with rice? I can live far cheaper eating at Filipino restaurants twice a day. We're a portion of chicken and dobo and rice is 50 pesos. But I prefer cooking myself at home. I rarely eat out, really visit bars or coffee shops. I'm outside to come there all the time, but do most of my eating and drinking at home. I don't feel like I'm missing anything, not eating out in a restaurant or sitting at Bowie's coffee for a few hours every day, watching the deals go around. So for the past year, my average monthly budget has been around 430 pounds. That's 520 dollars per calendar month. You may think this sounds like I'm scrimping and missing out, but far from it. Let me break this down for you. As you can see, accommodation tops the list. It's far cheaper staying in one place and signing a contract for six months or a year. And living outside Sabu City in a smaller town will also be cheaper. If you're travelling around the Philippines regularly changing hotels or Airbnb's, basic accommodation would be at least double the price of a regular condo. Don't miss out on 40 World Passing. Please like and subscribe to Big World Cinema. Thank you. Electricity costs basically covers the appliances, laptop, shower and lights. I don't use the aircon at all and in free-tronicly use a fan. I just leave my windows and door open all the time and with the breeze it's plenty for me. Cost of food is the second-earned expense. I eat twice a day and drink moderately at the weekend. Please bear in mind this list is for one person. Although if you've got a foot of pain at living with you, you just need to wait for rice. Of course, on top of your $500 monthly budget you'll need to factor in unexpected expenses. I cracked a tooth eating fried fish and needed a root canal. That cost $360. So I won't be eating that again in a hurry. My laptop battery expanded so I needed a new one which cost $50. On motor over a smartphone broke bought a Samsung replacement for $217. The Canon camera I use for YouTube videos stopped working. The repair was $118. So it is possible to live on a budget of around $5 per month. But just be aware to allow for any additional expenses throughout the year that you'll need to fork out for. I hope this gives you an idea of how much to budget whilst living in a city in the foot of things. Kindly let me know in the comments section below what your budget and living expenses are and where you're living. Especially if you're staying in an Asian city. I have other videos on my channel showing sunrises and sunsets over to Boop Business Park if you're interested. If you enjoyed the video please could you like and subscribe which would help me grow my channel. Thanks for watching. I'll see you on the next video. Bye.