 Hello everyone, welcome to my YouTube channel. So for this video, I will be reacting to the video that I have found that the tourism Philippines just uploaded a new video on the Philippines' new tourism advertisement, which is titled, Wake Up in the Philippines' Philippines tourism ad in 2020. This was uploaded by the YouTube channel of tourism Philippines and I bet that this is going to be an amazing advertisement coming for the Philippines because in the past they have used the same cultural music that the Philippines has but every country in the world has their unique and beautiful countries, almost all of the countries are beautiful and I really love all the countries we have in this world and yeah so before we start this video, please don't forget to like and subscribe to my channel and click the notification bell beside the subscribe button to be notified for my future video uploads and also don't forget to follow me online, it's like a mahaa mahaa, I will put it down here and we don't forget to let this video start in. Wow, the thing here is you are waking up in the Philippines, wow. I bet this is botanese, this is botanese guys, the northernmost part of the Philippines. Wow, Mayun volcano, nice beaches, 100 islands, full of plantations, tribes, that's enough for now, the volcano is in the Philippines, the Caribbean, until which you can travel again, stay at home, dream and wake up in the Philippines. You see, the Philippines is a very short video. So guys, we are done watching the Philippines tourism advertisement which is the wake up in the Philippines. So that is a very short video but I have seen so many beautiful places in the Philippines, first is botanese and next is Mayun volcano and then there are a lot of falls and plantations right there as we have here in the Philippines and we have some awesome beaches like Burakai in Aklan and we have Shargau, we have Palawan, the other ground river in Puerto Puerza, Palawan. So the three-shot advertisement here in the Philippines is we have used some acoustic guitar vibrant fields, that is an acoustic for me, that's my what I am thinking of, their background music. But it's quite cinematic and the theme is they close their eyes and the meaning of it, they are in the Philippines. It's like a subtle sense that wake up in the Philippines. So this video is great, it's in the mathematics, the production of the video, the actors, the foreigners, the film, the places we have here, the best places we have and overall it's a great video and maybe there is a plot when it turns to background music but it's kind of new for me because it's 2020 and the video is great, it's beautiful and I want to reach an advertisement have a new background which is the wake up in the Philippines. Before it's more fun in the Philippines now it's wake up in the Philippines so this is a drastic change from it's more fun before the pandemic and now wake up in the Philippines. Just stay safe, stay healthy, stay a home, keep your children, keep your friends, keep your family in houses and stop spreading this virus. In order for us to be a pandemic, thank you for watching guys, I hope you enjoyed the video, please don't forget to like and subscribe to my YouTube channel. And click the notification bell beside the subscribe button to be notified for my future video uploads and also don't forget to follow me online. It's like a maquandale, click it down here and please follow me on my social media accounts and you will see it down here. And yeah, this is the end of the video so thank you for watching and see you in the next video uploads. Peace out. Bye guys.