 Wow ladies and gentlemen welcome to Camiguin. So today is another day and it's gonna be a hunt for a waterfall. What's up ladies and gentlemen and welcome to a brand new day here in Camiguin. So we are on Camiguin Island right now. We've been here for the past three days. It's been raining. As you can see we're wearing jackets, rain coats and say hi to the boy from England and we are exploring the Philippines together man. It has not been the best experience for you but yeah so we were just driving here. We saw this huge landslide right here because I mean that's a very serious problem in Camiguin almost everywhere right last time when we drove back the other side yeah yeah yeah yeah together waterfall yeah at all the walls and the protection of the stuff yeah yeah all right guys so stay tuned with us today we are exploring Camiguin we're gonna tour we're gonna explore different waterfalls so we are on our way to the first waterfalls and that is the what's the name so I need to get a phone we are going to we are heading to Katibawa Saffors Katibawa Saffors and Camiguin I think they are also going there right yeah yeah yeah I think they got a picture of us I saw a team some video of us so we are going to Katibawa Saffors and it's almost like my videos are less than kilometers away all right so let's go so we have the scooter here you already know guys whenever I travel I love to get a scooter so as you and I we got one scooter so we are sharing meant to save off so we go one scooter we are traveling together and this is it right here so we rented this scooter is very important to have a scooter to be able to tour around the places and just explore the placement because if you want to take tricycle you want to hire the Lucas to tour you around you're gonna be spending a lot like you're gonna waste all of your money yeah so we got this scooter and we're gonna have on it right now yeah and head to the waterfalls so get a helmet right here all right guys so if you're new here I'm success I do travel videos around the Philippines if you want to stay tuned for all of my travels and raw vlogs from the Philippines be sure to smash that subscribe button for your boy like the video comment down below and recommend what you want us to do in the Philippines and yeah so welcome to the vlog so let's get started guys let's go all right my friend is gonna be the brother now okay well Okay. So we're going to do this. I'll put the blue guys. Ah, here. Oh. Oh. Ah, here. Ah. Okay. So we're going to do this. I'll put the blue guys. Ah, here. Ah. Okay. So we're going to do this. I'll put the blue guys. Ah, here. Ah. Ah, here. Ah. Okay. So we're going to do this. I'll put the blue guys. Ah. Ah, here. Ah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, oh, look what it is. always look staring always look the staring I don't want to see your V10 I know this motorcycle is more than 100K man. It's a nice one. Alright. So, pull that. Pulls? I don't get my fingers just to be on the sun. I'm doing water. Alright guys, so welcome to Katty Bowers and Forse. So usually you just park right here and now let's walk. You have souvenirs to us here. Hello. Hello. Welcome to Katty Bowers and for me. Yeah, I got the name correctly. I thought I was wrong. How are you? Bye bye. Got beautiful souvenirs to us here. Yes, you guys have been there seeing it. Yeah. So, what do we do to get to the waterfalls? We're new here. Oh, we're new here. Only viewing. Only viewing? Yeah, because we have muddy water. Oh, the water is muddy right now. But we can just view the waterfalls. Yeah, only viewing. Okay. So we are allowed to go and view the waterfalls. We might not be able to get into water. Oh, is that? She said we might not be able to get into water. Of course the water is muddy right now. It's a huge water. It's my sweet man. Yeah. Got people coming from the waterfalls. Hi. Hi. Hello. Got some locals and forming a radio coming from the water. Oh my God, that's really high. How are you? Fine. So, they say we can only view the waterfalls. Yeah, you can only view. All right. You cannot swim. All right. So can we go and view now? Yeah, you can. Thank you. Afterward, you can swim. How much? 160, both of you. For both of us? 75 weeks. 75% of just a view to waterfalls. Okay. We'll leave you the town. All right. Oh, we got a radar. All right, thank you. We're going to have a discount. Wow, bro. That's really massive, man. Look at it. And this is where the water is going down. We saw the stream of water down. What? Bro, I've never seen you. Yeah, it's just freaking big, man. What? Damn. Yeah. You wouldn't want to swim in there. No, I don't want to swim. You can swim, man. Oh, you can't go here. Oh, my God. Look at that, guys. I'll make the I want to know. Yeah. Yeah Wow That's freaking massive I mean that's a righty man. I don't think I could be able to stream there look look at that Like the water is pouring down with so much force That's really massive This is the key I take off the water for what's it name? Undo it like alright, so from coming in right here and we just asking for permission to go down to get some shots Well, it is not actually allowed to stream right yeah, okay, that's cool. Thank you. All right. Thank you Okay for guys my business really we made this travel us here, so we're gonna go down to get up take some photos Where you guys from from Germany, but in Germany nice nice me to you guys All right guys, so we are going down right now to the water first, but we and I allow to go Like into the water we and I allow to into the water So I just want to show you guys actually I just want to go very close to you to show you guys Yeah So it's gonna be really noisy down here, but I just want to see I just want to show you how massive this water for is like And the camera is starting to get a blur because of the water from the water for so yeah This is a very beautiful spot to get a picture Look at that Look how massive that water for is guys. Oh my god The we are on the stairs right here I think we can go down here, but not into water Wow 10 just imagine from from there Go you jump go you jump from there I want to ask Ashley I see I see who you jump from there who you jump Who you jump You Didn't say you guys that might got a web camera. I Gotta keep wrapping the camera because So the water is actually mudded that's because of the force of the water first down and the water is really dirty man Hi No, no way it's allowed to swim here No, no, just yeah, it's really dangerous man. Don't go there. Yeah, it's dangerous Yeah, the water for us is really strong It's really massive Could you jump could you jump from there could you jump from up in the water? Wow, so guys we are all here. I'm gonna web the camera We are all here I gotta web my entire lens guys I gotta take a video all my phones are sent to my friend Eta. Eta really loves water balls Yeah, he's really my sister Yeah Just look at that guys Wow Yeah So I'm gonna show you guys around a little bit So you guys here I wonder if people have ever swimming this waterfall Really But wow Look at that Everyone's wearing jacket All right guys, that was a very very amazing experience for us We're about to leave right now Seems like my jacket is really wet, but it was her man the force of the water It's really strong Yeah So tell me man, how is it? Yeah, I think it's what I've seen the biggest waterfall. Yeah me too The most power yeah, the biggest water for us. I've ever seen man. Yeah We want the biggest bottom two can swim in it. Yeah, the bottom is not really big man. You can see it's too small Yeah, it's really small So we're gonna explore more water for us. We're gonna go to another water for us right now What's it then? I don't know what that is But I will let you guys know soon. So we're gonna go to another water for us right now Yeah No, there's a speed Been a guy on force This looks beautiful. Yeah This looks beautiful on the picture yet, so sometimes it's really beautiful That's the one we went to last time to ask some for us Yeah, but this one's It's really sitting right now. I'm not sure how it's gonna be like Oh my god, this guy went right on tiktok Oh, I forgot my stuff there I Forgot my Chajou and other stuff all right ladies and gentlemen, so see you guys We are on our way to go explore more water for us. I'm gonna show you the view here for the last time Look up there. Look how foggy it is up there look at the landscape here Yeah, so these are the videos I create guys. It's not easy to create this video. Let's travel more man. I love you guys Yeah Everyone everyone So welcome my Filipino friends to the vlog right here What can you tell us about Camiguin Camiguin Island? Camiguin is very beautiful island. All right. Yeah, very beautiful island Did you die your hair? Oh? Because my father don't like long hair with colored blunt hair, so he decided to cut Because I just wanted to ask because the other dials have a blonde. Yeah Did you decide the color of your hair or did you die because? Because of our Christmas party Now I see you guys. Let's go see them. I'm gonna show you how Filipino dance So we because we were we were on our way to the waterfall is about to ring is ringing the mountain actually where we were heading to So we just got a half phone with the Filipinos here, right? So we're gonna have fun with Filipinos. Hey my friend nice Sorry, we'll do waiter big my friend from England. Yeah All right, let's go have some fun and stuff to the nooks party party party disco Hey So that's a that's a Filipino culture. I mean, I always love to offer you Ah So I'm doing in water you're done huh? Done dance yeah, I know how to dance later. I show you how to dance later. Thank you No one today because you drink no one today You Is our Filipino dance How many people work here how many people work? Yeah, 11 11 people. Oh, okay. Is that a shop? So here hooking up with the locus guys So we just You preferring the guys Sanduah of the Philippines Working here Oh safety officer for the work the construction work What's your name? Oh Lions lions result lions result or what somewhere down here You check when go to check when and then go down just beside the beach Yeah, you're being you're being you're being you're being Yeah, what's the name of this baranga like where we are now? Yeah, this is Um Ito All right, we were actually heading to Money sorry, yeah, my friend The ink yeah Can he look like a Filipino right? Mumbo jao for no No, Bina go on force But it's really in the mountains so So it's so yeah, it's really there was so slippery. Yeah, the road is really slippery automatic your one red We rent we rented that The kind of recycle if the like this like the sweeter that recycle so easy to for yeah Yeah, that's just like that you have a manual yeah you can injure brick, but that one is so Yeah, I We observed that that's how we taking our time to drive around but anyway, we just surely man And yeah, we'll do look as customer we to my we gotta leave we're gonna both to see who's walking yeah Her plan or what but We're gonna do the boat. I'm not I'm not sure about airplane. I think check the flight online. Yeah, is there a plane You have a good time in the Philippines. No, he's not enjoying man. He's really yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah Sugar what time April The name is dog is losin losin losin losin losin losin losin losin Losin this name of dog is losin losin. Yeah, yeah, it's good Female female dog You guys are so friendly man you guys are really friendly. No, it's a good to speak Yeah So I want you to chat in about your experience with how people are friendly here with you compared to Indonesia And yeah, that's fairly Indonesia as well, but Philippines the Philippines everyone's More welcome welcome far right and uh, yeah, just really friendly happy people yeah, I like the time so long like this, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so he said Filipinos are friendly compared to the the first country he was in the nizia He just came from Indonesia Valley What are the best So that's that's a good thing for Filipinos man Filipinos are really fringed in yeah, yeah That's that's why I always tell you guys Filipinos are really friendly and you know someone was asking me you know One of my friends also come to the Philippines and then he was asking if the Philippines is risky he will a lot of teens online the Philippines is risky What what could you say about that is a Filipino or risky country Every country can be risky. Well, Philippines is safe man. Yeah, yeah That's a place in that In the Philippines I've been in other places in the Philippines so I separate shakari This is very very good in committing for foreign yeah I mean a lot of Filipinos are easy to get along with the people you know just chill with them man Very good and just allow you see this the guy is so kind It's okay. He gives shot for for my friend This is the first time Dead one I'm driving man you But don't drink a lot of it because we haven't eaten lunch yet so you get John we're gonna go to eat in the town. Oh, I recommend Alex or checkpoint. Yeah, check when we always eat in check It's really good in check So just here with these friends the guys man in having some beautiful talks She was she was your dance move from England Yeah, I'm a vlogger What is what is the name of my vlog? Oh, yeah travel with success. I stop is what he says. Yeah travel travel wave success Okay travel Travel with success you want to subscribe? Oh, you guys have a computer here And here where Yeah, safety office safety office yeah safety office and then there are a thick office and 10 paper office. So where do you guys sleep? I'm good to my house in downtown of Mumbai. Oh, okay. You go to my you're my service talking You're going down you ride you ride a service truck and then go down Yeah, you're sure to ride to go down to my my bad job. Yeah All of you guys all of you guys living coming in yeah Coming in coming in Oh, it's mamba how I'm in another place and can see liban. It was a pretty of the city liban Ah, yeah, and mamba also like me mamba how so tell me what what our teams that we could do here in mamba how like some things that we could do today Because we we might leave tomorrow As tomorrow or so, yeah tomorrow we're gonna leave on the boards I know tomorrow You're driving another guys you're going to a construction Yeah, it's not getting what I'm saying All right, it's been really here three days guys. We've been here three days. It's been super rainy and typhoon in Mind and now we just right now if you see over the ocean right there I'm not sure you can see it, but it's actually really right there Little bit clear here. It's actually raining there It's raining down Yeah, the rain is down What about yeah, I'll be mounting to you. Yeah, we should go. We should want it Yeah, let's go Oh Thank you my friend bye-bye my friend bye-bye All right, thank you. Thank you. Thank you Bye to the other guys My friend bye-bye. Thank you so much Mahal Love you to All right, let's go