 Music Alright George, good, nice to meet you. Guys, welcome to another daily juice. We have to first of all thank you very, very much for 10,000 subscribers. That's crazy. We woke up with that this morning. So exciting. Something we've been working towards for a very long time. Since we started that's been like, oh that would be great. It's been a little girl at work. It's amazing. Good feeling. I'm not even thinking about like 11. It was always 10. It's hard to laugh. That's fine. Today we are doing a tour around Fort Barton. We have a boat called Booby, which we're about to board. Are we really excited to check out what's around here? It's like an island hoping to be able to snorkeling and stuff like the ones we need. We've helped them. We'll be there as they were and I'll need it. But we'll let you guys know. We'll be the judge of it. Yes exactly. We don't like to believe everything in the internet. We don't know how to handle ourselves. So these weather forecast done this morning with the Soviet National Wildlifeıs. They are around the island last night. Both of us happy we're going to spend a day in each day. We've been very lucky to have the most together with the bridge. We're just on the boat now to the first stop in San Mar. And we're going now with a lot of boats going through the night. We're hoping to meet the colour of the crowds, which we get when you come in the footbar. And you have to pay 50k for one of these. The E-cruis are always a car. And you need to show you this. When you've got a boat trip with the Dupts, the coast guide has to let it through. Maybe you already paid your tax to come in the distance, the town on the island with the Dupts. That was awesome. I think the cost of 700k is in there, which is that farm that drives the out of the Dupts. So I don't know how it's going to be. But you still get a lot to that price. They call it a climate that's a lot cheaper. We've literally pulled up by this little bit of sand in the middle of the sea. It's land all the way around here, like ocean and stuff. And it's just this random sand bank in the middle of the sea. It's so cool. It's like a little mini island. I don't know if it's here all the time when the tide's up. It might go. But it's awesome. It's really cool. And then we've just seen them starfish as well. There's so many of them. And they're massive. I've never seen starfish that look so chunky. I'm used to them in the sea last time to that really thin and flimsy. That's a chunky starfish. Really cool. Thousands of islands or something like that. So we're only ever going to see like a couple of, a three percent of it or something on a short trip. I think if you'll have us, we'll be back next year, I want to say. I just, I'm just putting out there. We'd love to come back. We're now at a place called German Island, which seems really cool. It's like a little beach bar. There's a place with bean bags. People are chilling. Samux you can lie in. It's kind of full of young people. People kind of 18 to 30, I guess here. It seems quite a young vibe. People just chilling and playing. They're playing some sort of game over there. We can't really work out what it is. But we're having lunch here. So they're going to prepare our food now here. It's just another day in heaven, you know? Blue skies, clear waters, paloan. Why are we leaving here? I don't know. We're not leaving just yet. We're not leaving just yet. We're not leaving just yet. But I think we'll be back. It's quite funny here. People are just relaxing on the hammock. Chilean stuff. And we're using this chance of opportunity to do some shoots. We're working with at this location. It's pretty cool. We can say to a brand like, oh, we're doing an island topping for tomorrow. So we'll get some pictures on that island for you. It's just very different to our home. So we're just heading over to some lunch now. We've just been told it's all been packed and ready to go. The late, the fish that's for our lunch is actually brought over from another boat when we were at that fan bank. And it's just like a little carrier bag of fish. And that's our lunch. It's so funny. Thank you. This is the kind of food that I used to. Fresh fish, rice, some lovely looking fresh fruit after. Lunch was really good. I'm very full now. And we're just taking some more Instagram photos. To get ready for a blooty, Ellie. A few years ago, I never would have just eaten a whole fish on a plate. A few months ago, I wasn't done. But now it's like every lunch you have is like a few as a fish. And you have to get into it yourself. It's great. The beach is so nice. Like compared to some of the other islands, it's just like nothing. This little bit of it is much like our resort with all these umbrellas on the beach. But the water is nice and clear. As a way, there's a reef here just near to. Well, it's a bit rocky. And today, we don't have the boat shoots. Oh yeah, that shoots a life. That shoots. Floss some higher hypnotized. What's up is down, what's left is right. Chasing stars and holding you. I can't see the end, but we'll see you through. Looking, get on board. We're finally on top of the world. Chasing my spot for the next half an hour. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. That tour today was really, really good. The best and all the way out of it. Yes, probably the best and all the way. We had a bit of sketchy situation. We were on some very shallow coral. It was like this close to us and we were in line. We didn't want to touch it. We were not supposed to touch it. We were not supposed to touch it. We were looking around and everywhere you looked around the circle was like the shallow coral. We were like we can't see a bit to actually get out. Eventually we found the bit and we had to go into the deep fit to get around the reef. It was cool. It was really fun. We've been back for a few hours now. Yesterday's vlog is all up and edited. A question we get asked quite a lot is how long does it take you to edit your vlogs? The answer is probably between three and four hours usually. We can't do it quickly if it's like a big chunk of our day. That's like a pretty much big chunk of our day. Taking our beds to take. We're off some dinner now. We're coming to that affordable restaurant again tonight. It was just really good. It was just really good. It means we can have two meals each. This place literally does everything. I think I'm going to go for the chicken curry. I think we're going to get some French fries as well. Look, 75. It's so hungry and I'm going to get the chicken a dough bite. I'm so glad we did this video to be going to try loads of stuff. Once we've had a bulk eating session and trying different food. We know we like that. We can have a lot of different food. I think it's a better food. Definitely. They've got a dessert menu. Look at this. It's cheap as well. So 75 pesos is like what? Pound. It's over pound. It's over pound. Okay, so that means I could get a choco banana pancake. I think these are pancakes for a pound. That looks so good. Okay, not being horrible. We just wait here and open it out for this. So I am so hungry. I need all of this in here. Don't pour right now. That's not the right way to do it. Mmm. Very good. We were so hungry. I am so full. But that was tasty. I'll find a job before we go to bed is to reply to all the comments. Honestly, we are struggling. Basically. So bad. The village. It's not even like where we're staying and what if I was down? Well it is. And the rest of the next one is down. The whole village is what if I was down. Like the internet is not working. So there is nothing we can do. Like you saw in the last video how hard or two videos go. How hard we try to get the vlogs up. But that's why there's been a delay. And obviously we are sorry about that but it is literally nothing we can do because nothing at all. There is no restaurants have wifi. We have got the 3D on our phones. But that barely loads Instagram notifications. You can't even connect it to a hotspot. Nothing at all. But we have been reading your comments. So don't worry. And we want to quickly answer something that has been asked to do with the mention from a while ago and to do with the company that currently sponsoring some of these vlogs. ProxPN, the VPN company. So we mentioned this in the video last week. It's a VPN. It's a virtual private network. ProxPN has given us an account which is so useful for traveling. It means we can get on certain websites which are blocked in certain countries like Netflix and stuff. It's super handy for us. And it also means all your data when you're surfing the web is all secure, all encrypted, etc. So it's safer and easier for us to do stuff online. Yes, like online banking or that kind of stuff when you're connecting to public wifi hotspots which we do a lot. Yeah, you don't know who's in that cafe like we said before. Like it's nice knowing that you're protected like whatever happened. Definitely. So they have actually given us for this video a discount code. So if you're interested, we have left the link to their website in the description of this video and also the discount code which gives you 50% off a membership. And if you have already bought something or like signed up, make sure, let me find the email. Yeah, so if you saw us talk about this before and you went ahead and signed up straight away and you paid for price, don't worry. email cala at proxpn.com and let her know that you've seen this video or the previous video and then you're refunding the 50%. So you get 50% back so you get a 50% off deal. If you're new and you want to check it out, you can see all the features of the products and stuff on the website. It's really cool. We're using it and you can get 50% off a so. And it's like fairly cheap any way isn't it? It's not like it's like hundreds and hundreds of pounds and you can get 50%. It's like you can get ones for like five pounds a month. Yeah. And for the safety aspect, if you're travelling or even if you're going to start home and you're just like browsing, it's too bad. Yeah, so 50% off makes that almost nothing. Worth doing. If you're interested, check that out, links in the description. We need to sleep now. We have a cool day planned tomorrow so we hope. I mean, we hope we can get these vlogs out to be honest at the moment because the Wi-Fi situation is steep. But when we're in a really remote part of the Philippines so to get that benefit, we have to sacrifice some things and I'm fortunate that's been Wi-Fi. So it's not like we're like missing out on actually filming. We're still filming every single day. It's just that we're now a little bit behind on the upload so that's fine because we're still going to be showing you every single day of our travels. And this isn't us like moaning about the situation that we're super happy to be here and it's still great that we're going to be able to upload them so it's fine. You just have to be a little bit patient with us over the next few days. But hopefully we'll see you soon. Otherwise we're just filming videos of our travels and just keeping them on our travels ourselves. So, can watch them back ourselves. I look forward to seeing you soon. You're so new to you, and you're so new to you. If you're new to the channel, please subscribe and give the video a thumbs up if you enjoy it. And we'll see you very, very, very soon. Hopefully. Biggest cross. In the town, I've got it. Bye.