 Hi guys, welcome back to juicy reacts today. I'm interested in this one. What are we watching today? We're watching Filipino English versus American English. I'm interested in this because I thought Filipino English was more towards American English than it is to British or English English. Wait, what? Does that make any sense whatsoever? Filipino English versus American English. Of course there's going to be some differences that I feel like certain words or things When Filipino speaking English they take the American way for it because I'm guessing that's how they're taught in school. You're confused. It means like English is the language, not like English English. It means like American English or Filipino speaking English. So not what? You'll think you're mixed up in your hands. Have I? Right. I guess we're just going to have to watch the video get into it. I know what you mean but you're not right. Yes. Before this video starts, we are accepting all of our videos come from you guys, come from people recommending us to and requesting us to react to things. So the best place to do that is on our Instagram direct messages. You can message either of us, please follow our accounts as well. Our Instagram links are in the description of the videos. So if you want to request something, get us on Instagram. Okay, are you ready? Yeah, can you stop by? Let's go. I'll try and stop by. So you move my pillow. That's why. Sorry, Matt. Need a pillow. I'm getting old a little bit. Okay, three, I'm 27 then three. Right. I thought I was 26 but I'm 27. Anyway, three, two, one. Hi. So today, I wanted to talk about the English language in the Philippines. Hi. I'm a native English speaker. I come from America. I've lived here for four years. I also can speak Bissaya but I don't usually speak Bissaya here because whenever I do, people like stop and change a subject to my accent. Whatever I was talking about. So she's in America? Nobody cares. No, nobody. It was dismissed because everyone's now focused on my accent. Anyway, what I wanted to talk about today are English words that mean something different in Philippines than they do in America. A bunch of Filipinoers don't realize this but the English language is different around the world. We want Americans. Also sometimes forget that words means something different in different countries as much as the Filipino thing. For example, in the United States, in the East, the word for very is often mad and in the West, the word for very is often hello. Hello. Okay. I'm not cool enough to use either of those words. That's like slang. That's not really the perfect English language. This watch is kind of cool. I've heard that. I've heard that. What I want is in the Southish, like if this is America here, this side and this side, whatever. We call this beverage that has sugar and carbonation stuff like that. We call it soda. Like that's your American soda. If you go more north, mid-north, like near Canada, and in Canada, too, they call it pop. I guess because there's lots of bubbles in the bubbles pop. Anyway, we're not talking about America. So it sounds like a lot of Philippines. Because I'm the Philippines and this channel is about the Philippines. Oh, it's a Philippines. All right, fine. What if it's a Philippines? It's half about America. So I wanted to talk about today's our English words in the Philippines. That means something different in America. So when I came here, a lot of people would say certain words and they would just assume I know what they mean. Now, just sit there like, let's get into it. I'm going to get you forward. I'm really sorry. Most of the people will think that the Americans know what they're talking about. It's in the English language in the Philippines. And then maybe I'll make a part too if I could make of other ones. So the first word I'm going to talk about is the word commute. So in the United States, the word commute simply means the travel from one's home to one's workplace. From one's home to one's home. Same in the UK, right? Doesn't matter what kind of vehicle you're riding or not riding. So for example, when I was in school, my commute to school was 15 minutes by call. You could be walking, you could be doing Philippines. The word commute means taking public transportation. So for example, I'm like, can you come to the mall? If you can find it, my friend comes up. We need to know this so we don't get stupid when I talk to you. I'll be like, hey, how'd you get here? Did you drive here? And they'll be like, no, I commuted. Interesting. So commute is just public transport. Kind of like figure out. It's good to know, actually. Definitely public transportation. What else could it be? That one's not interesting, but I found it. I found it interesting. Interesting. Yes, I am ready for number two. This one's funny. Okay. The words as in my first few years here, I keep people saying like, as in, as in, as in. But in America, in America and... Okay, when I say American, I know a lot of people are like, oh, American is a language. American English, okay, American. American is short, whatever. I'm beside it now, all right? I like my shortcuts. So American as in is like, it's as is used as a conjunction and in is a preposition. So for example, how do you spell your name? Oh, well, it starts with the B as in banana. Yeah, that's how we use it. A grammatical thing. The Philippines as in mostly pronounced as in. That means like, really? Or like, super, like definitely. Really? Like, I was so, like, I was so mad as injured, whatever. Well, I don't know, that's all that you say here. And you say in, in, in, Sabu, I'm not sure if it's the same. We say as if. If someone tells you something, probably, so, as if. Yeah. That's it. Okay, it's the same kind of thing. It must be similar. I live in Sabu, in case you didn't know that, I live in Sabu. Sabu City. So that's why, that's why. So that's, as if in English, that's my sense. Really? Sabu City. How's it in? Like, as if that happened, was if that's true. In Sabu City, you also might be like, what the heck is she talking about? Comment below if you're like that, because I'm that next friend of this. Okay, the next one. It's a very common thing. The word slippers. In America, slippers are actually, they're like indoor shoes. Comfortable socks shoes that you wear. Footwear. In-door footwear. It's basically soft and fuzzy, snugly. Often to keep your feet warm. Maybe to keep your feet clean, but we don't have. For some reason, the states, I mean, like, people wear their shoes all over the house, and then when you walk around barefoot, your feet are still clean. Here, it's like so, so common to take your shoes off outside, you know, at the doorway, but then when you walk around the house, your feet are black. I don't know, we get that. In the Philippines, slippers are anything that you can slip your foot into very easily. It doesn't have a back. We call them flip flops. Like, what's that? What's that? That's the word we call that means it's flicked. Flops, you slip things. Flick of things. And the last one. Yeah, the funniest one. The word napkin. United States of America, a napkin is what you use to wipe your face if you got food on your face. Yep. So it looks similar. It's like this. Yeah. You take a bite of your burger, and the Philippines, a napkin is one of these. It's a feminine napkin. Yeah. We call them in the States, we call them pads. It's feminine product. We call them in the UK. It's feminine sanitary towels. What's the, like, proper trend for it? Right. Actually, we're very British. Whatever. So back in 2014, I grew up of Americans came from Kuala Zongburo, which is the start of my pure heart mission, by the way. And we went on an outing down south of Sabu. It's a good present. It's a good present. Kuala Zongburo team wanted to also set the table and make this nice. I know what it's going to be. Yeah. Make it nice. Make it like fanable. I think my boss and that can be in restaurants, because these are standard for every meal. Every place setting, even, just standard. We're just adding, like, within reach. If you're going to Philippines, it's like, if you got it, that's great. If a restaurant has it, that's great. If a restaurant doesn't have it, then that's not surprising. It's not like a, it's not like a necessity. Whereas in the States, if you don't have a napkin available to your guests or at restaurants or whatever, it's like, how do you not have a napkin? Oh, she made it. We were setting the table. And then so my friend comes and goes up to me, Hey, boo, do you know the napkins are? I said, well, I have no idea. So I went to the kitchen where they're still cooking and stuff. And they had bought groceries and stuff like that. I want to see a local Filipino friend here. And I was like, hey, do we have any napkins? Do you look at me like, why are you asking, like, here? I guess it's not that great. Place to ask. You can't say that, but she's giving it to me. It's a confusion. She's like, oh, check in the CR. CR is the bathroom, where that restaurant, rather. And it's like, why would I check in the CR? So that's all I have for today. Languages are something that's really interesting to me. I really like seeing the little nuances and differences and how many things evolve English. And the Philippines came from the Americans and then how it evolved into its own. Like, Filipinos now have their own version of English that is just different. Cool. That's really interesting. That is so interesting. That's funny. I like that because I like... Definitely. Sorry, I've definitely asked for napkins and restaurants. I've got a little um... Whoops. Fact. Another thing, did you hear there's a uh... a Korean YouTuber. Yeah. Mr. Baulbaul. And Baulbaul in the Philippines means pubic hair. So in the... And he's like, really? The Philippines doing Philippines videos. But he's called Mr. Pube. hilarious. Well, like that Christmas tree. Baulbaul. But B-U-L-B-U-L. Baulbaul. I think. Baulbaul, look it up. I think I'm right. But isn't like that a Christmas tree decoration. Baulbaul, B-A-U-B-L-E. Oh. Okay. Wait. Where is that? This one? What's his name? Mr. Mr. Pube. Lovely. That's what you said. Is that... Old Baulbaul. Yeah. Baulbaul. Wait. Is that true? Yeah, it's true. I think... I think... I don't know when said you're... Well someone said you've seen it. Alright. And I'm just trying to be of that because it's like a means... Like it means something else somewhere else. And he's kind of... He's like, oh yeah, yeah, that must mean... I don't know what it means there, but something. Something. And then in here it's everyone's like... So, the interesting... You could... And all these comments are about that. Really? You could have such an embarrassing conversation, couldn't you? Yeah. Someone commented one Filipino English phrase that stuck with me was open the heater or open the lights. That one is taking me forever to accept. Open the... Open the heater. A lot of people have replied to this. Yeah, I grew up saying this thing because that's the way my parents speak. What does it mean to me? It means that turn the heater on. But I think it means only that... One of those two different ones. Oh, I'm a Filipino and we use turn on the lights. Yeah. So that means... That means turn on the lights there. Yeah, but they're saying that someone's a Filipino is it. It's different. Interesting guys. Let's know if there's any other videos like this you want us to react to. Yeah, I'm fine. Give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it today. Subscribe to the channel and we'll see you in the next one. Bye!