 There is however, one country in the region that has one of the biggest untapped minerals. Whoa! Yes, we are talking about the filibles. And it has been found to have around $1.4 trillion US dollars worth of untapped mineral reserves. That is almost four times more than its 2021 gross domestic product. How are you talking about how this is sitting on gold? Hello, hello and welcome back. What's up Philippine? It is another... Why do you think that I'm doing a reaction to videos? A mental week I must say I am so happy to just sit down unwind, relax, watch some videos with you guys and discuss it. That's what I do on this channel. If you are new, welcome. I'm so happy to see you smiling faces. Today I am reacting to the Philippines $1 trillion mining opportunity $1 trillion. Okay, okay. I heard about mining in the Philippines. I have a friend who owns one and I've never been there. I'm a token of interest to the world in the Philippines. Who owns a mining farm? Is it called mining farm? I don't know. Anyways, it's a big thing that Philippines apparently and I want to see what this video is about. In one of those videos where you're just like getting blown away by numbers, it's quite interesting. So let's just jump straight into it. The Association of Southeast Asian Nations is one of the richest economic unions for natural resources and biodiversity. The worth of which is estimated to be upwards of a trillion dollars across the 10 nation state. And it is these very natural resources that are key to helping the region become an economic powerhouse in the future. There is however one country in the region that has one of the biggest untap minerals. Whoa! Yes, we are talking about the Philippines. And it has been found to have around $1.4 trillion US dollars worth of untap mineral reserves. That is almost four times more than its 2021 gross domestic product. Yet as of 2020, the mining sector had only contributed 0.6% to the GDP of approximately $2 billion. How are you talking about the amount of just buying out this huge amount of gold? It's a large untap potential that could potentially bring massive prosperity to the country. Why is the Philippines still not taking advantage of such an opportunity? Better yet, does the Philippines even have any plans for the future of the $1 trillion industry? Interesting. Before we move on, don't forget to leave us a like and subscribe for more. Same here. Natural resources are very common in Southeast Asia. Not only in the Philippines, It's not just gold, it's just the mining in general. It has a mining industry that contributes between 4 to 6% to its gross domestic product annually. Furthermore, way back in the 1980s, the mining sector contributed double digits. And even at one time reached over 26% to the total GDP of Indonesia. However, the Philippines has yet to see such boosts. Even though the mining industry has huge potential, there have been several big oppositions in the past. These mining activities have been shunned time after time due to the damage to the environment and the people. In the early months of 2017, the Philippines' environmental and natural resources. Stopping right here because yes, that is a very very good point. I looked at the Philippines for a substantial amount of time and I can tell whenever it comes to mining and some random projects that are being announced, there's like a huge backlash because also the times it does not happen legally. Right? So yeah, I think I've had a think back of Manila Bay, you know, the Bright Sand Beach. I've been a few issues and I did a video about it and I had no idea. I had no idea what it was about to come. And yeah, interesting topic indeed. Secretary, Regina Lopez cancelled over 75 mining contracts, closing 23 mines and suspending five all due to environmental concerns. Yep. Moreover, way back in 2012, the mining industry was already hit by a strict new law from then-president Beningo Aquino, which banned new mining deals and eventually stagnated the entire industry for almost a decade. As a matter of fact, these types of instances have happened several more times in the past. Even the current president, Rodrigo Beante, wanted to completely stop the entire mining industry. And a majority of these have been largely attributed to the concerns for the environment. So moving forward, will the Philippines one trillion dollar potential remain untap forever? Especially knowing that climate collapse has become a real threat to society, will it forever be a small industry that may one day shut down? The answer is no. The mining industry as of recently is starting to change. The current president of the nation has officially lifted the near decade ban on new mining projects and trade. Whoa! And from what it seems, investors, miners and international organizations are expecting that the lift of this mining ban will usher the Philippines economy to a better position. Make it rain! It is according to our industry's business council. We'll even have spillovers to other industries, such as manufacturing. These may have even been in line with the recent change of its 6040 law, where foreign investors may now own 100% of a Philippines business, whereas previously, they could only own as much as 40%. These movements by the president, we believe are aiming to boost the economy of the Philippines. After it has experienced some of the biggest drawbacks during the economic shocks in the past few years, moreover, the president himself stated that the nation has only tapped in less than 5% of its mineral resources. This eventual push will bring the $1.4 trillion potential closer to the country. Foreign investors have even rushed quickly as soon as they saw this. Just after the ban was lifted, already several investors from 12 countries have reached out for the potential to yield on its mining industry. But what will be the true winners are the locals themselves. In just the nickel industry alone, it is expected to generate as much as one of the three million jobs within the next 10 years. There are however several oppositions to this movement. Just like how the ban and cancellations took place years ago, the way to move forward, as we believe, lies in sustainable mining, ensuring that the risks are minimized as much as possible, and ensure that there are cooperation with environmental agencies. I agree 100%. If it happens, if they open to the markets and it already happened, it needs to be insured that it's sustainable, meaning that it doesn't do more harm than it benefits the country. So I hope the current situation is getting salted and everything is done properly. We think that including every stakeholder or party will eventually be the biggest solution to greater economic returns. Okay, interesting video. I think there will be a big big boom also in terms of building. I mean, development and the Philippines has been through the roof. I have seen development in Milila in my own neighborhood as well. And it's just crazy. The amount of buildings that are being built, the bridges, the roads, and other countries are developing as well. And of course, they're going to need some resources. So that is going to be a huge business of the Philippines, especially when it brings so many jobs to the country. But yeah, it's definitely one of the things that need to be handled carefully. And let me know what you think of the comment section down below. I'm really, really curious to hear your thoughts on that, especially since there also has been a recent project I think in Sibu about the upcoming... I think it's some villas on the terrace and it's called Rice Terraces from Slater Yum, I think. Actually, I wanted to reaffirm this video. But yeah, let me know what you think. And also subscribe to my other channel on Milila's live where I shake some travel vibes. And in the description box down below, you can also follow me on Instagram, everything is limited. So yeah, that was it. I hope you had an amazing, amazing time with me. Learn something new and I'll see you in the next video on... Lots of Philippines!