 We are going to the whole tomorrow. We came to the pier to purchase the tickets because it's 100 pesos per person cheaper than in the city center and you have here some touristy attractions nearby so you can save some money and see some cool stuff. Yeah, now we are going to have lunch and eat some Filipino food and yeah let's get going because I'm getting hungry. So it was definitely a battle to decide what we are going to eat today but we finally made a decision. We are trying a goat dish and the other one is a pork that is with egg. I really don't know how to explain it that well. You guys will see it on the footage once we tried. It was hard hard work to decide what we are going to do. There's so many different things here in this restaurant to try that we didn't know exactly who we were going to eat but we made a decision. So for the first round we are trying some goat and it comes with these potatoes which is super nice and the goat itself, the goat meat. So let's try that and for the second dish we have eggplant and on the inside you have pork and egg. So let's try that as well. Yeah, it's super nice. Can you describe it? Very different than what I was expecting. A bit super delicious. The combination is great. Like steak blends with pork. It gets deep fried. Today I think so pretty good. Now for the goat. First the potato. Mmm, it is sweet. This sauce is sweet. Let's go get some hot soup. Super tender meat. So far so good. I am trying our same drumstick and in here we have sizzling sweet and in there is scallops. Bake scallops. Now let's try and see if it's good. Starting with the sweet. Mmm. With up spice, not much. Also the sauce is sweet and sour. Very good. And imagine that this one. It's like this. It's like a bachamel sauce. It's on top of it. It's actually very very good. I like it. We decided to come to Basilica de Santo Nino. And right now I think there's a mess going on. So we are going to check that out. It's time for us to get some dinner and we already have been in a one-adventure of ours. So I was looking for a place to eat le chon because the other time that I ate le chon in a little was not actually the traditional dish. It was another variety of le chon. It was Kawali. And today we're looking for a place to eat the traditional one. So at first I sent this to the middle of nowhere and realized just when we arrived there that there was no le chon restaurant. So we relocated to another one. This is one is called House of Le chon. And when we got here the waiter at the entrance told us that the le chon was sold out already. They have other dishes that I have le chon but it's not the traditional one. So I'm going to try something new, something different. And it's not going to be this time that I'm going to try the traditional dish. I'm going to go with the le chon, Cicci. And everything is going to eat some type of nobles. And yeah, I won't have le chon. It's with shrimp and pork. I think. Let it. And yeah, let's make the best out of it. And hopefully this one is even better than the traditional one. And one day who knows, I can try the le chon finally. I don't know. Okay, so this is the one that I ordered. Let's see if it's good. Very nice. Very nice. Actually, not disappointed. I thought that I was going to cry a little bit later tonight. But no, this is awesome. Very good. And I'm happy. Oh, and we, by the way, Rita has a mountain of noodles to eat. So how's yours? Very, very good. It's noodles. It has. It's spaghetti. I think we want to look at that. spaghetti thing and glass noodles. Mushrooms. Chicken. Bacon, I think. And some vegetables here and there. So it's super, super, super delicious. Glad you like it. It's not le chon, but I'm not really a big fan of it. So for me, it's okay. Hello guys, Peter here. Just a quick remark, I was actually able to try le chon in another day. So here's the footage and my reaction to this delicious dish from the Philippines. I hope you enjoy it. Okay, so we are finally found his le chon. Let's hope it's good, because I cannot think this anymore. Yes, finally I'm going to try it. Let's compare it to the le chon in Portugal. I believe that the Portuguese one is better. No bias here, no bias. But yeah, I'm very, very glad that finally I have to experience the le chon here in the Philippines. So let's dig in. It looks amazing. And I cannot wait. So this is the le chon. And I went with the spicy one. And yeah. Eat it. Okay, so we have two different sauces. This is spicy, this is normal. And we mix soy sauce and vinegar. Okay, so without the sauce first. It's very good. It's very very good. It's very very good. It's actually very similar to the Portuguese one. There is only one different. In Portugal, the pizza are smaller than these ones. So it's more tender. But the taste is very similar. Now with the sauce. It's very good. It's very good. It didn't disappear. And now, I'm going to ask you. It's super, super similar to the Portuguese one. I wasn't expecting to be so similar, especially because in Portugal we do a different type of sauce. But the taste of the pork is very very similar. I like it. Too tongue tongue. Fine. Okay. It's time to say goodbye to Segu. We had a wonderful time here. Tomorrow we are going to the hall. So if you like the video, please give it a like. Subscribe if you are new. And if you want to come on something, please do. We are really appreciate it. Thank you so much. Bye bye. We only had 1,200 pesos with us. And they do it. And they do it. So yeah, we are living on the edge.