 Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. It's really good. Hello. Hello. Hello. Today we will try Filipino chicken Adobo. Chicken Adobo? Adobo. Adobo. Adobo. This is a very big name. If you send a child to a mother, you will get a food for the hotel. Then you will forget the name of this family. This is the name of the Filipino chicken Adobo. Have you ever heard of Filipino chicken Adobo? I have never heard of it. I have never heard of it. I have never heard of it. I have never heard of it. If you are a mother, then you will be very happy. You will try it. You will try it. See. This chicken is made by the people of the village. And the people of the village of the village of the chicken were also here. They were hungry. Today is the day of the day. I want to eat something delicious. Today, I want to eat something delicious. You guys are so delicious. This chicken is made by the people of the village of the village of the chicken. Very delicious. I have been watching this for years. Adobo. Wow. Good practices. Yes. I believe, good stages have good practices. Good practices have come to my mind. I have cursor and I willnt teach this separately. Well, today's cooking, ry sleepy i see, overworked powder, sugar,ิ ? Must som lihat No What is that smell added? I guess it was crunchy. ha! Time go of my own business. Egg Bhoji companionship HaudIsn't there an object that's good? what did they lava live? chicken Thank you and the ones who are working here are also working here and maybe they have added a little bit of fat in it it is very tasty it is very tasty and it is very tasty and it is very tasty very tasty and it is very tasty and it is very tasty the whole thing is tasty if we have this kind of biryani and pala then people eat it with big hands and it is very tasty if this dish is used here to sell then it will be very tasty it will be very tasty but the bhanda is also used here the one who is eating the whole thing is the person who is eating the whole thing so they are doing knowledge so this clip is very tasty I like it very much it is very tasty and it is very tasty and it is very tasty and these dishes with great consort and great ingredients and they are very tasty so this dish gusta our dish it is a spoon which makes us feel healthy full of body, so we use it for , it needs a little bit of salt so it contains a lot ofเชlamation you have to make it delicious sometimes fry meals in a different way and often fry something etc, things get getting j400 you have to try it in the Saan we are the one who will try some saan This is a very delicious dish. You guys will enjoy this dish. But I will try to make this dish myself. But I will give it to you and I will give it to you. It is very delicious. It is very delicious. It is very delicious. It is very delicious. If you like our video, then please like and share. Subscribe to our channel and click the bell icon. Thank you for watching this video. Thank you very much.