 Wake up wake up wake up This isn't a Philippines. Oh, yes, I just keep sleeping until we can go to the Philippines All right, hello everybody. Well, Philippines. It is it is the Philippines look it you can smell the tropical air in the fresh fruit Welcome everybody to another Philippines reaction video today. We're gonna do a very highly requested video from the last one Wake up in the Philippines tourism ads. So this should be interesting. Yeah, after that fantastic intro that I probably put a hole in my wall Let's get into this if you people who like travel is gonna be a cool video. Yeah, definitely this is gonna be like this is gonna make us Take it. Yeah, so if you enjoy the video make sure subscribe like the video Share it with any of your Filipino friends that like Filipino videos and let's do it Oh Let's do this Today I woke up in a historic playground Where fun dates back to the 16th century That's how much really is that this the one town yeah Really old school They pop I'm so good at pottery I didn't had a class for that giant stand that would be fun. Whoa. Yeah And so We should rent a P.V. He's only sick. That looks really scary Sharky's nothing ocean place where time stands absolutely still We can never seem to Oh Epic I woke up inside an artist's dream Oh Like fighting cool with the paintings dance with every brushstroke This and works of art span from floor to ceiling I win this master's at the craft who transform even the ords into exceptional I want to walk in there that would be something like came in more colors than I could imagine And the creative is pretty cool on every corner It seems like there's so many landscapes There's so many different islands It's like it's different doing the different regions region Oh central I woke up to my own adventure book. Oh Sick and we could do the rent that thing just move no idea what was up next That's it Each page was different Every chapter a new surprise Like a dude was go along for the ride Trust my gut And let the story we would be so bad at serving. I can't even imagine how good you have a board standing on a paddle board To make no plans And just let life happen. Yeah This place is like sick Or a lot oh there's two different. Oh, so that's a bunch of a bunch of I just Is there a bunch of different islands in that central lizzon region I guess yeah, it was all like see how do you get in between you got to take like fairies My no what do I got? I take tires started with a major throwback Then I got to meet the big shots Hey All the different like cultures mixing there ever the street food to be super good I even picked up a few things along the way After that It's been 19 entire Through the streets And unforgettable eats I still remember the labor every bite And an epic you party at every turn The best thing about it here the good times I'm never over Oh He's making wants to get the ones to go to all these places. We just need to go there for like 7,000 days and go to every island. Oh a day in each island. Yeah, I have for those written view. I woke up while nature was sound asleep So I get marvel at its kingdom Through the You can dance with giants discover at least for the eyes And These for the appetite Whatever that was that that one Oh maybe not because the other one is like orange and onion the long one I don't know that looks delicious. It goes look weird. I'm ready to It looks like love main walls that hold hero stories told me of their bravery While sacred places last my journey I roam places that stood the test of time And others That's so cool. We gotta get there There's so much to see I mean they're all different ads for different areas Paradise unlike anything I have to see I know It would actually be super cool to snorkel in like a place like that where the like the LG or that reef is like super colorful. There's fish everywhere If I read on that island Just chill Think you're kidding. I would be just few had ever walked before And Or the ways whispered their secrets Oh, it was a lot deeper this woodman very treasure See I snorkel I don't think I'd scuba dive. I don't know if I'd go any deep Deeper than like then like the five foot like above the coral reef It's as long as I can see the ground and fine. Yeah, I don't know. Oh, it can scare me. It's not I feel like it's always scary until you get in You're like oh, it's not that bad. Yeah And that shark comes after you get complacent that's shark sounds scary though. It's just like the ocean really Yeah, I feel like sharks are the only thing that That freaked me out because I mean it's not like you're gonna die Just fall out in there unless you let's just get sucked down by a vortex. It's just like that like can't see anything 40 foot shark or just swallows you whole for you with shark I need them though. I couldn't stay forever Oh Those are animals Oh, okay The story of the items. Well, he's got very poetic handwriting I don't know why It's like a bunch of different countries combined You He started you're up and oh Okay, I feel like when you I want to put my snorkel under the water I think you're like I think you'll be breathed too and then you're just gonna And then you just like blow it out while you're sitting there trying to tread water And you'd already be like 50 deep so you'd have to like still go up. Yeah We're we're from a state that's a landlocked in the middle of a giant continent. So yeah Our ocean familiarity is very low We like one of the further states from an ocean. Yeah, we have a big lake. That's about it But it's too cold to swim in yeah Yeah, so the ocean is very foreign to us We went to the ocean last summer and we were like all right, let's go jump in the waves And we didn't even realize it was just absolutely frozen breathing. We just figured ocean warm. Mm-hmm Oh So much hiking opportunity about to climb in food yummy homes Wow When it takes in the buildings yeah Wow, that's so cool. It'd be cool to like go through that area with a kayak oh Always at the edge. Very that's what we do cranies blood Oh wait a chart. Yeah I Shrippers. I knew you were gonna be shripper. How do you eat shrippers in the shell? You hit crack it open. Aw. That can... you could paddle board us. I just said I couldn't balance that. My balance sucks actually. Just have to start doing like yoga. Yeah. You'll be like, oh, one foot. Touch your nose to the ground. My nose to the ground. And found an epic finale. No. I bet they're juice. Oh, I just think they... Oh my gosh, that volcano here is so sick. I bet their juice there is amazing. Because it's fresh. Oh, that's a new ad. But okay. Hey. Before we get to Asia, we have to learn to... Yeah, like the... respectful thing. Yeah. Ever he did that. My sister, her sailing. Yeah. Oh, that would be fun. The pair. Yeah. She said she was up there and they saw a shark in the water. I'd be like, oh! It was like, oh my God. I'm getting hyped. I want to go now. I wake up to these... Nice. Jeez. You can't see my teeth into history. You're so happy. Charlie. Whoa. Oh, yeah. I bet the main thing is... Oh, that's just so cool. Flip your hand. Oh. Oh. I just want to take a bite out of a chicken on a stick. For more. Did it, did it, did it? Be low in the surface. Oh, those are long flippers. Oh, freaky. And go with the float. Eee! Oh, I'm going to try to, but it would have hurt a lot. A little turtle! A turtle! Whoa. Those barracudas. They're all over there. They bite a man. That's what I thought. Oh, oh, a eel boy. Whoa, he's so deep. The Philippines, one of those places, and they got a bunch of poison and fish. Oh my gosh. That's so cool. Oh, is that place? Oh, blah. We got a climb. Oh, that was pretty cool. The water is so like turquoise. Ooh, cave. Whoa. That'd be cool. A few bunch of crabby clothes. Whoa. That'd be fun, actually. That'd be very interesting. Dago! That's it. Whoa, that would be so cool. What does discover a whole new world beyond top of? Yeah, and if you could just get a kayak and then just kayak to different islands. Yeah, I wouldn't have far like a part there. I bet there's a bunch of like close ones. There's ones that are probably close, and you could probably do that. But some of them might get too oceanicurrency and then get sucked away. Awesome. That would be a big boy, a great white under you bumping you. Like, ah! Poking him with your stick. It's like a whole whale comes out. You should have one video at the first, and you got... Their kayak, like, the whale came up and like grabbed their kayak. I don't think so. It was like just close enough where they didn't get like sucked in. Oh, like Josh. Pretty whale. Pretty good whale. Yeah, I mean, there's so much stuff here that would be fun to rent ATVs kayak. Get a cheap and just try to know. Yes! But they have jet skis you can rent. That would be pretty interesting. Ooh. It's a bunch of stuff we can do here. Today I woke up... Inside a kaleidoscope. I really want to go. What do we start traveling? What's COVID has done a lot? We should try to line up where do we go places with like festivals too. Yeah, like Christmas for you. Yeah. That'd be really cool. I want to like see some festivals. Yeah, for sure. Surrounded by desmerizing patterns. It looks like a baya. Golden colors are impractically taste. What is it? Spicy. Ooh. Is that a halo, halo? Maybe. That crabber or a lobster had crab. That's salmon. That's a nice... You go hiking mountain climb in one day and then relax on the beach the next day. Yeah, it's a good variety. Ooh. We're wrapping. Oh, that river looks intense. It's a little bit of everything. Yeah, they do. Right, climbing would be cool. It's like a little guy. Yeah, my. Look at that. Oh my gosh. That's a rock. Let me then. That'll be fun. I screamed at the top of my lungs. What? Just when I thought it was over. There was another thrill waiting around. Their reefs are crazy. Almost always have a reef. And however long I stayed for the right. Ooh. Can you hear it? I can't believe anybody else. Tell us an adventure. Wow. There are so many islands. We're going to have to look up all the different islands. We have to get Miguel Liz. Yeah. I wake up in a sea of green. A place where everything grows. You guys have crackers in the... Also known as Crocodiles. Crocodiles are alligators. Yeah. Because that... I mean, in my like, like, patty or whatever, rice field. What are those crackers in there? Weave themselves... into our style and art. Here the land is rich and healthy. What's that fresh rice? Oh my god. It's so happy to give. I bet it's so good. Definitely. The co-surega. Yeah. The co-surega fruit was just like, ooh. Because we had all our fruit here. We're so no-rette, it's all imported. Other than like apples. And corn. Yeah, corn. That's not fruit, but... Yeah. Our corn of the cops were good. It's really good. It's really good. Get a bar of drink and salt and go. Mmm. Mmm. And everywhere you look. Oh, okay. You just might be buying like all that fruit. Yeah. Think they corn! They're corn! It shows. Oh, that's cool. Did it minnestow that? Oh my gosh. Yeah, it's like a Taj Mahal like I'm doing. Whoa. Did it minnestow that invent honey crisp apple? I'm gonna wake up it up. At you and me. I think they did. Yeah. Single. Zay. Oh. Just kayaking through that. Wow. See that road? Yeah. That's crazy. I'll close the forest once instead of each. Click right on it. Oh. I had these up the house right here. I feel like I could really find them. Yeah, it would be. That makes me stay. I seriously think I'd just be horrible at it. Oh, yeah, same. And I'm not even that good of a swimmer. So that makes it even worse. Because there's probably rip currents where you surf. Yeah. It's crazy how big the mountains are right on the ocean. Yeah, I guess because they're like on a ring of fire. Yeah. We could rent a plane. Right. It's crazy how big the mountains are right on the ocean. Yeah, I guess because they're like on a ring of fire. Yeah. We could rent a plane. We could go full GTA stuff. We're gonna crash it somewhere. That would be bad. That would be. All right, that was so cool. That was so many places we have to go. We're gonna be like, all right, let's make a list of the islands we want to go to. And then it's gonna be like 500 long. Oh, gosh. Okay, we're gonna ATV here. We're gonna circle here. We're gonna rent a kayak here. We're gonna climb volcano here. And then we're gonna crash plane here. And that's how we go out. Yeah, we're going to never see us again. We'll make a vlog for it on our GoPro of us crashing the plane. That will upload it from the GoPro onto YouTube. Yeah, as soon as we just about before we crash, we throw the GoPro out into the water. And then we'll perfectly, we tell someone, and then they grab it. Hopefully the perfect angle as it's flying away, it's hyper smooth. It shows us crashing into the water. Yeah, need to go here. We're gonna go for sure. Yeah, for sure. Down here. This year, obviously COVID still, I think Philippines is still pretty locked down from what I, at least it was a couple of months ago from what I know. Yeah, so this year we're going to Europe this summer, but next winter or next spring, sometime hopefully. Yeah, after hell with the seasons where that takes place to go, but there is like that certain, wouldn't it, mate? It was like June was the beginning of typhoon season. Okay. So it was like, it was like spring pretty much. Okay, okay. So yeah, we need to see when we can get out of here. It looks so cool. It is so much, like Iceland alone, it's like super diverse. And we look at something, I feel, yo, to the Philippines, I'm sure that's like crazy. It's gonna be nuts. It's gonna be nuts. But yeah, we're coming. We're coming. We're coming. Make us some good food and good fruit. Subscribe if you enjoy. Like the video if you enjoyed. See y'all later. Bye!