 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Fez and this is the commodity and today we're reacting to seven wonders of the Philippines amazing places to see in Philippines. I'm excited. This video was requested by quite a few people. I think only in comments. I don't think it was requested in our discord. Before we hop into this I do want to say this video is partnered with NordVPN. If you guys are interested in a VPN the link will be down in the description below. We've been using it for a couple months now and it's definitely actually helped out and a lot of the recommendations we get on movies and stuff to watch out of the Philippines or out of Malaysia. I've been recommended quite a few scary movies in Malaysia and now I can watch them on Netflix and things like that. Whereas before I can only watch things that were available in the United States. If it's something you guys are interested in again the links down in the description below and there's a huge discount we have going on right now so we'd love for you guys to hop on if you want to see some stuff outside of your country. Yeah plus there are other reasons to get a VPN. Number one is just kind of keep your stuff private. If you're to look up stuff you don't have to worry about people looking at what you're looking at. Also some things that are priced differently regionally. So yeah so I don't know if it's exactly Netflix or something else but like some of the things like you can pay like a monthly fee that's cost $10 like for us let's say it's like $15 USD if it's purchased here in the US but if I go to somewhere like I don't know like the Czech Republic or something like that it's actually like $8 even USD. So there's a lot of benefit to a VPN. Once again down in the description let's hop into this. Alright let's check it out. I didn't want to press it. Why is it a subscriber? The Philippines. The Philippines is in our Capella go of more than 7,000 chocolate hills. Yeah that's some beautiful. So that's one thing I do want to ask. Like I've watched I forgot whose channel was and they were talking about how in some regions of the world or like maybe all of them I don't know that lionfish are kind of a menace that they breed really fast and because of their toxins they don't have like a lot of predators to kill them off so like in some regions they actually are very fine because they're beautiful fish. I used to have one in my fish tank but then I've heard that they're like come kill them eat them do whatever you need to do we just need them out of here. Is that the situation you all have over in the Philippines? Let us know. So hold on tight and fasten your seatbelt as I'll show you. It was the food channel. Welcome to 7 years of the whole series. This is the Lifehack Lion, the channel that gives you amazing life hacks and interesting facts. Make sure to watch this video till the end because you don't want to miss the gem of the Philippines. Number 7. 100 islands National Park. It is composed of mainly 14. That's dope. Yeah that's really cool. They're all just plop down. The National Park is popularly known for its magnificent natural geological formation. Located in Alamun City, Pongdis Iman. The islands also feature sand beaches and forested inland. I can't wait to go to the beach. That's gorgeous. That's a big piece of artwork. Yeah. Now what would be now what would be really cool and I know this is just like me being an American like let's destroy the beauty. If like every island had like a little bit of a beach even if it was like manmade to like because how cool would it be to like be like we're going to go here on vacation and you just go find an island that nobody's at and you just hang out. Like I get that that's pointless and kind of a waste of money probably but I think that'd be really cool. I'm sure there are plenty of islands out there. Oh yeah yeah like we're literally looking at one spot and there's two of them. Yeah just like that. A bit of an ancient sea. Due to the lowering of the sea level these corals were exposed to the surface and became 300 islands. Oh it's a bit of a coral originally. Wow. That's dope. Diving and snorkeling. This natural park also has rich biodiversity and is home to crab eating macaques. The phrasier stalfins. Those are kind of scary looking at offens. Pythons and so much more. The best part is that majority of the lights guys are not commercialized and are still unspoiled so you will truly witness pure beauty of nature. Number six. Tuba Tahoe Reef's National Park. Tuba Tahoe. Situated in the middle of the source. Wow. Tuba Tahoe Reef's National Park is a world heritage site which as an atoll that looks like a huge area. High density of lowland species. Oh look how beautiful that is. This coral reef's material was discovered in the late 60s and it has the most remarkable peaceful place for the planet. It is one of the top dive sites in the world for its extraordinary biodiversity and breathtaking underwater scenery. So many fish. The National Park is indeed a dream of any diverse from clean waters, lots of currents and diverse. So I looked up one of those underwater cages for my camera. Yeah we ain't getting one. It was like $15,000. Oh wow. Yeah and then you have to like buy like adapters for like if like my lenses don't auto focus. So you have to buy like a special adapter for it which is like another 1200 bucks so you can focus the lens. It's more real life. I was like yep. Nope. It also offers diverse more than a dozen dive sites. That is so. Yeah. There's the one off an emo. Every morning. Who's that? Shark. Well, sure. Yeah. Glutils. Which isn't actually an aggressive shark. It's like krill life. It's like $1,260. It's so crazy like it's just so different. I was going to ask a dumb question and then it kind of got close. I was going to say. Is it made out of chocolate? It's like. I think there's chocolate plant like the trees that have the chocolate the cacao bean or something. That's why they get the name or something. Is that true or does it just? They're just he's just assuming that it's I'm guessing chocolate trees. Well, I'm I'm I'm going to say cacao cacao dry season. The famous hills earn their name when the grass turns from green to brown. Okay, so that has nothing to do with chocolate. I was just guessing. I was strictly guessing. The hubs rolling on them. The hills are not huge. The highest one barely reaches one. But somebody like me would be a little disappointed. I'd be like we're chocolate. It's a part. Mystery still surrounds how this extraordinary landscape was formed. It is crazy how that's yeah just fighting for days and early earth and stones at one another forming the beautiful landscape of chocolate hills. However, it has anybody just dug up one. The hills are weathered formations of a marine limestone lying on top of an impenetrable clay base. Whatever their origin the spiked liposent landscape is truly a wonder. Which one do y'all believe? Dr. In the orange hand to river of Srirgal del Srir. In the island of the beautiful the Hina Dhuon and Chanty River is one of the most clean that water is. It is famous for its beautiful clear blue waters. It looks like it looks like it looks super clear. You know what it reminds me of Windex. Or Kool-Aid like the Blue Kool-Aid. We used to so growing up we used to call it the Blue Kool-Aid Windex. So our neighbor always made Kool-Aid. And so we were like can we get some Windex? And that was just kind of the thing. But that's what it makes me think of is the Blue Kool-Aid or Windex. It's so clear. And seems to get more alluring the longer you stare at them. It is around 80 feet deep salt water river. Hey look at how much air does y'all look at them. This beautiful river is largely unexplored and its mysterious depths have led to various stories of it being blown out by water. That's so gorgeous. That might scare me. I probably wouldn't want to dive underneath the cave but whatever. Like deep into it. One of the girls at the pool have one of those. That's cool. I would love this swim in there though. Yeah. There are varieties of fish in various colors. Every afternoon everyone is asked to exit the waters in a tomb called the Him of Hina-Tuan is played. In a large school of fish will surface out of nowhere. That's cool. No one knows where they come from or where they go. Then they are fed by the staff members. That's really cool. That they feed the fish every day. The real split continues for about an hour during which no one is allowed to enter the water. Since its rehabilitation in 2017 swimming has been prohibited in the Blue Lagoon but you can still take up a designated area to enter the way. You know we really cool in that location. Have you seen the submarine as we call it a drone? But the same concept just underwater. The electric submarines that you hold on to? No I'm talking about that would be cool too. But you can just sit on the surface. It's got ridiculously long cable and you can literally just do it. Because I have a feeling that fish would be less scared of that than you. Yeah probably. And then you could kind of see things a little bit differently. I think that would be really cool. Yeah. It'd be a lot cheaper than a $15,000 camera case. Okay. Number three but now we arise terraces. Oh my goodness. I want to see these. Yeah. For old terraces that were carved into the mountains of people. I would hate to get up to the top. I know. We got to start at the top today. We can't. Making it a natural wonder that combines the harmonious interaction. So gorgeous. And it's environment creating a breathtaking landscape of British. And then it was all done by hands. Yeah. This spectacular landscape is welcome. Look at how high that goes. So beautiful. It's just crazy. The amount of effort. Yeah. So one of the crazy parts of that is like. It's not so much just like and I don't know how I she may have said how old it is. But I didn't catch that part. But the crazy part is. Is how they've handed down the tradition. Right. The education on how to do it over and over and over again through different generations. I'm guessing that is more than 100 years old. Yeah. The way that they look. Like it looks amazing. And I just think it's so bad as that they've been able to keep it going for so long. Right. So I mean, I'm sure they have to fix it and update it and do or they'll learn like there's a better way of doing said task and improve on it. So you can have a bigger yield. But it's still really cool that the general concept has been passed down forever. Right. Bartolpon says a subterrain river. It is a protected area in the country, which features a spectacular limestone-carst landscape in an underground river. We got all kinds of things. It's like a significant habitat. Look at all those maps. A biodiversity conservation. Grab one. It was a full mountain to sea ecosystem. That's awesome. In 2012, it was officially confirmed that the current princess of Subterrain River is one of the new seven wonders of nature. I'd love to do that. To do that. Yeah, that would be really cool. Just close your mouth. And stretches for a tail of two. Your only mouth, not both of them. Loading directly into the West Philippine Sea. The river system was created millions of years ago. As water channeled, it's way through the rock creating a series of vast chambers and caverns. The river and caves are home to a complex ecosystem where many of the species found are endemic to the river system. And last but not the least, no one. Mayon volcano. Mayon volcano. It is an active volcano situated in the province of the river. Look at that cloud that just circles it. Yeah, and almost perfect. It's like it's going around. Yeah. It's symmetrical shape. Mayon is big, long language that means beautiful. Definitely this majestic cone is the most picturesque natural wonder of the country. Mayon volcano covers an area of 5,775.7 hectares, which includes all trees and surroundings, rising more than 2,400 meters above sea level. Mayon volcano dominates the flat walls of albide. That means you can see it's mesmerizing beauty even when you are in the neighboring towns. However, it takes some patience to witness it in its whole glory and it is usually covered in clouds. Yeah, I can imagine as tall as it is. So insanely gorgeous though. Yeah, super cool. Because it almost comes to a straight peak. Like a nature of the world. It's almost perfect. Yeah. It's like the breath taking scenery. Like when you also avail of an all-terrain vehicle or an air-cooled war. Like when you picture a stereotypical volcano that's up, you will be struck in awe at the panorama view of the surrounding towns and the Pacific Ocean. Do you know some other wonders of the four-heels or do you have any recl... That was awesome. I agree. Obviously a couple of those places we've seen already, but there is... I want to know where my chocolate's at. Yeah, we want chocolate. I mean, those... It's crazy. The water that it showed with the... The blue water river. Yeah, that was insane. Yeah, I had never seen that. Like in any of the other videos that we watched, I really would love to see that in person. Yeah. I think I... Like if it's open, like I don't know if I want to go into any type of cave underwater, like that freaks me out. But like an open water, like a kind of like a river system that's that clear. That's insane. Yeah. And the fish that were in there, they were super beautiful, that reef... That they showed that was so huge. Yeah, like that would be awesome to go snorkeling or scuba diving. I cannot wait to visit the Philippines. So that... See these places. So that blue, I call Windex, that water... Is that salt fresh or brackish? I think she said salt. But she said it ran into the sea, obviously. At the ocean, so... I think we then did some work. It's probably brackish water, being that close to the water. Yeah. To the ocean. So yeah, let us know down in the comments. And if there's any other videos that you want us to watch, maybe something specific that you're like, oh, you got to really know about this. Let us know down in the comments. We'd absolutely love to see it. Also, don't forget... Nor- Norby. Norby Pien. In the description below. And with that being said, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out.