 Music We're going to the American Morning Went for the English Breakfast. We have to choose from the set one. It's not like you go up and pick what you want to get to choose from the set menu. We choose a bit annoying but the American Breakfast does look really good. We have to make coffee to wet the art and we're going to get out. We'll explore a bit more of the Choracai. And we're done breakfast, it was lovely. We're going to walk down to the beach now because we got a bit late yesterday. I think we need to check it out properly. I'm just going to chill on the beach for a little bit. Going to have a nice swim because that will look so, so inviting. And we're really interested to see how it differs this week. Obviously it's holy week so we want to know whether that would make it any busier. We have tourists on just normal Filipinos or whether it's less busy. Music Just that I'll let you as well. We've got a bit in our lives last night so it's not going to happen. Music We're literally walking along now and we're trying to find a good island popping tour. We know that a lot of the islands have been closed off to the part of government still. So if anyone knows of any islands close to Boracay, let us know in the comments below. So do you want to tell us some snacks from 7-O-Leaven, Mac and coffee? I've got a mountain journey, some energy in the sun. We've just been walking up and down and we have been speaking to a few people. They seem to do the same sort of tours. We still haven't decided exactly which one we want to do yet. But I think what we're going to do now is just make sure we find a spot on the beach to chill. Just walking along what's out now and you can tell it's all about finding the perfect spot. Some bits are too many people. Some are a little bit too near to the boats. So it's sort of like a skill in this, finding the perfect location along White Sand. So we're going to try and do that now. And chill, I think I'm going to sit back, some bait for a little bit. Top off that tan that we lost in New Zealand and then Gansal at a Sim. Because we still haven't had to get a good Sim card. Music Music We did find the perfect spot, not as many people out in this bit. And we're like, going from like hot and cold pockets. That sun bits are hot, sun bits are cold. It's just so clear. You can see why so many people flock to this beach each day. Music So all that land by the beach, it's got way too hot. So we need to find someone to have a drink. But everywhere is like obviously you can't drink from the beach anymore. All the bars behind the palm trees. But there's nowhere on the roof. We're not having a drink in the sun. So we're trying to find a spot that can have a drink on the rooftop maybe. Music We really struggled to find anywhere to sit that was in the sun. We didn't really want to sit in the shade and everywhere in the sun doesn't seem to open until five. Luckily we found epic along the beach, as you can see, and we can sit in the sun with a bed. Music So this is not so heavy at bay, is it? Epic Epic, we've got two and the lady's like, what do you think we can get one for? So we've now got three sandwich hours for the first two. And up we were mentioning earlier that we wanted to see how it difference during Holy Week. Actually here in Epic, there's a few billboards advertising big events for Holy Week. So we've been speaking to some people and they've said that it's only tourists that can drink. Filipinos don't drink much. They might have a small drink maybe at the end. But here they're advertising big events like an eye club event in that for Holy Week. So I don't know if it's on the islands to Manila where they can pay their respects in different ways. Music The Lamps We Go is checked for our videos posted. And while he's asking if you can go on his phone to check the YouTube, see if the latest blog is up for you guys. Okay so it's been about six hours. I think seven possibly up was half a fire driver's on the video. Well, it still hasn't posted. So we remember back to the room. Well I remember back to the room. Five mid-beer Failed So we're just in a bit of a state now because we're going to have lots of vlogs to get out of the edit. And obviously we want to get them out of the way. And we want it daily. So you guys are like coming along the way with us. Exactly and in the loop and know what we're doing so we can update our Instagram with the things that are going on every day. So what we're going to do is we're going to go in the afternoon. To station it, happily visit the coffee shop that we'll have a real good Wi-Fi. And hopefully we can get it out today. Music I love one of these. Ahhhh! Right! Okay so my phone isn't unlocked so the SIM card doesn't work. Yeah it doesn't work. It's really annoying. I thought it might work. We've got to go to the Globe store and see if I can unlock my phone for me. So then I can have to use a phone to go SIM. So you learn something new every day. Apparently I've got to call my provider up so they will allow it to use the app. So I've just come down to station X here. Got a couple of ISTs and we're hoping that we can post a block. But it's got the best Wi-Fi and Poro-Fi. And the bar here. We're going to go to the Globe store. You can see the screen here. So we've just come down to station X here. Got a couple of ISTs and we're hoping that we can post a block. And we've got a nice Wi-Fi and Poro-Fi and the bar here. It's crazy. Got a load of nice restaurants, coffee shops, perfect place to just chill out in the day. We've done it. The vlog is finally up. We know where we're going to come to now every time we need to post because that hotel's Wi-Fi is just not on the screen. We're talking to the lady in there and she said that Orapar gets really busy during Holy Week because all of the Filipinos come to the islands during that time. Yeah, it does seem really busy at the moment. Not that we know from before but we know there was a cap on the amount of people that could come here. But yeah, it seems really really busy. I don't know if there's like a change to the rules during Holy Week because a lot of Filipinos and other people come here for that week because Manila sort of shuts down with her. It's definitely busier than we expected. Yeah, a lot. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a good thing. Really really busy, which is nice. You can see everyone gets walking to all the locals, which is lovely. Like I said earlier, a lot of even the bars and that have things on but I don't know if that's for Filipinos or for... Torrent. ...when it does advertise it as a Holy Week party. So we don't know if that is for Filipinos or not so guys. Comment below. Can you have a drink on the islands during Holy Week? We're back at my hotel now. Just chilling in the port. It's a bit cold out of the minute. It's a bit of a beach. But I think it was fun chilling in for a minute. So just got back to the room. Definitely caught the sun today. This Filipinos summer is intense but we are loving it. Just sorting out the Mavic now. I think we're going to head down and hopefully make sunset again. We're not too sure we haven't got too much time. So it's your first time coming across us. Welcome to the channel. We are daily travel vloggers. We recently become daily travel vloggers. We are currently in Borokaya and we'll be travelling the Philippines for at least the next month. But we're not going to reveal the other destinations yet. Yeah, so if you're new to the channel, follow us on Instagram as well. Same name, double in travel. And subscribe. We appreciate all the support we get in. Just hit that subscribe button and follow us on this journey. Sunset is in 20 minutes. What do you need to look for now? My hair is going to go pretty frizzy so... I would take frizzy hair to see the Borokaya sunset. I've said every day we're here. We sort of got to see this sunset. I'm Russian. I'm Russian. So we've made it down to the beach. Just in time to watch the sunset. It's so busy. It's definitely the busiest we've seen since it's been here. Obviously, it's a holy week. I can see now everyone that's come here. But yeah, we're going to sit down and watch the sunset. This seriously has to be the best sunset we've ever seen. We said this yesterday, but I think it's even better today. It's like dark orange today, isn't it? It's ridiculous. And you never see a beach busier at night than it is in the days. But in Borokaya, the beach is like five times busier at night to watch sunset in the day. I can't get over it. So I can't literally cannot get over the sunset. Yeah, I love how everyone's out with the kids playing around with their families. We're going to go and watch some of Bob now. We're going to get into a rooftop bar. It's a different angle. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So we've got our red horn. Absolutely. We have. We have. Definitely a good show. I'm not the top here. I haven't got the whole thing to myself. It's not about the world. It gives you a whole different perspective of the sunset. You can just watch everyone on a beach. Really, really good idea.