 Hi, welcome to Foreigner's Wife in the Philippines. I just want to tackle about pension. You know, how about my pension is just 500 because there are pensions that is 500, 800, 1,000, 1,500 or 2,000, 3,000 dollars a month. So what if the pension is 500 which is common asking in our channel. So what if you got a 500 dollar a month. So 500 dollar a month is equivalent to 25,000 pesos. So that 25,000 pesos is it enough. And my answer is yes, as long as you're not living in the city, you know, as long as you're not living in the city and you're living in the countryside because if you're here in Taliban, there are some apartments which is 3,000 a month, 3,000 pesos a month. And electricity bill possible is around 1,500 electricity including the water. So plus if you've got some extension which is for example 3,000 every other two months. So there's still a remaining around 19 or 18,000 and let's go to your food. You know, as long as you know your as long as your lifestyle is not abundant, you know, you could live. You know, what if I got a family. What if you got a family and you got 500 or 600 dollar a month. As long as I say, as long as you're living in the countryside and also tried to invest like for example having some chicken so that it will help, it will help the food, you know, so it will help your dish. And also, raise some piglet or some pigs which is also very helpful and very common on some ex but let the raise some pigs because it will also a good investment. And some cow, you know, some cow, some at the same time some goats, you know, because it will add on your income. And don't just rely on your pension but also do some do things that will help to survive in the Philippines. You know, so Terence and I were living in the mountain and it's also very it's also if you're thereling. If you're wife, for example, you're married already to a and your wife has an own land. That's a that's a very big help. That's a big help because you could able to build even just a little nipahat, you know, or a little club, a bamboo cladding on your house to make your house because if you do that, for example, 20 by 20 which 20 by 20 and it's a half blocks and this is meant and then half is cladding. Just you can build a house for around 90 to 100 thousand and if it's a small or just around 50 thousand pesos. So now you don't need to worry about renting, you know. And if you're if you asked about the electricity, if you got ref, refrigerator, you got electric pan, you got washing machine, television, expect that your electricity will be around 1,000 to 2,000 pesos a month. You know, so it's just a matter of lifestyle, you know, because if your pension is very small and your lifestyle is bigger than it will not consa it will not it will not work, you know, you should you should know your limit. Don't spend too much on the things that you don't need at the same time. Don't have a little savings. You know, have a little savings to sit aside in case there are some emergency when it comes to health, when it comes to the earth so that you have something to to take out or to withdraw once you got an emergency because we never know, you know, so that's one thing. It's not a big savings, you know, it's not a big reserve that you need in the bank but as long as you got few to a few couple of thousand, you know, five thousand or ten thousand to sit aside so that in case your pensions will be stopped or your pensions didn't arrive and there are important things to buy, to pay, you have something to get, you know, because that's one thing that you should bear in mind, you're living in a foreign country. But remember that if you're living here in the Philippines, you can borrow but in the mind of foreigner borrowing is not exist, you know, it's not exist that I borrow my neighbor, you know, because you don't want, your neighbor will not believe you. For example, you go to your neighbor and says, can I borrow one thousand pesos and you're a foreigner, your neighbor will say, are you serious? You know, so they don't believe that because in the mind, in the mind is once it's foreigner, there is money, you know, so that's one thing that they put in their mind, but they didn't realize that like in the Philippines, they're rich and then they're poor, the same without foreign culture, they're also rich foreigners and they're poor foreigners. As I said, as long as you know, you know, you know, your lifestyle at the same time, sit aside some couple of thousand so that you have something to get in. So whatever played, no matter how big your pensions or smaller pensions is just matter of spending wisely. You know, so please like, comment and subscribe again, leave in the life that you want it to be a happy life and the same time a peaceful life, because if you got a lot of money, but your mind is not peaceful then it's just like you're living in a garbage can. Have a good day and goodness.