 Good morning YouTube and welcome to today's video or should I say a magandang umaga I want to share with you something I'm really excited about it obviously if you read the title of this video You'll know already but I am going to be learning I should say attempting to learn to garlock like bagga on which is a shrimp paste and has absolutely nothing to do with this video I just like saying it bagga on took me a long time to get that remember when we used to say bagoon But bagoon Come a long way to get the UNI and the channel has come a long way We've grown tremendously in the last couple of months and a lot of you are from the Philippines and the Filipino and that's as a Result of the fact that we make and celebrate and share Filipino food cuisine and culture now because the channel has grown so much so has our ad revenue Which is essentially the money that Google pays us every month for the ads on our videos and I should say as well before I go on Thank you very much to anyone out there that doesn't skip ads as a means of supporting our channel I think that's just amazing that you do that so thank you very much. We really appreciate it And Because of you you've actually helped us generate almost 300 pounds. I still remember when we made like 60 pounds across like three months It was so I'm so excited about that. I think I celebrated by having an ube panda sal Now I want to reinvest some of this obviously a percentage of it will be needed for us to afford to live and buy food and and buy equipment and also the time necessary to make these videos But I'd also like to take a small amount of it and find ways to spend it in the Philippines one way of doing this And this is an entirely selfless. I'm gonna be benefiting in some way See I went ahead and bought 10 one hour to Garlock lessons with a Filipino lady She's lovely her name is Abigail and She lives in the Philippines and she's gonna be teaching me to Garlock And we've already started How are you? Pang Awan more and non-pang Pang exam more And what's your debut? My boots Ulit again, hi Hi house Okay, so I don't need to say Hindi part to you. It's okay, yeah. Because we're saying H is okay. My Gandang have porn. Have the E, the E. Have porn. Have porn. He got well with me. You see, I wanted to start my Tagalog lessons with Abigail before making this video because that way I could get the ball rolling and you know, be much harder to quit. And I also wanted to do that before I told you because now I definitely can't quit. I've also realized if there's one language that I have any chance of actually learning, it's Tagalog, and I'll tell you why. But first, the best way to learn a language, and I'm going to quote a lady called Lydia Machova and her TED talk on language learning. I love learning foreign languages. But basically Lydia says that it's all about trying to take the monotamous boring subject that language learning can be at school and trying to turn into this pleasant activity that you don't mind doing every day. Or even how they love to cook based on recipes in a foreign language. All of them use different methods, but they always make sure it's something that they personally enjoy. So how does that relate to me learning Tagalog? Well, because I love creating videos on this channel more now than ever and one big part of the creative process is the researching. So we spend a lot of time researching the foods that we're going to be making. And when we're doing that, we actually end up watching a lot of videos of people speaking Tagalog. I know what you're talking about. People like pan-salang Penoi and Simpok. Because even if you're not a C-Sic, I... I just got C-Sic. What did you say? No, I didn't say it. Then there's you. You're the greatest teacher I could possibly ask for. Because if you, I've inadvertently learned more phrases in Tagalog than I actually know in any other language apart from English. For example, a hangang mamatai. And kamusta kaion lahat. And... I'm going to try this one. Sa-muli-nad-ting-pag-kikita. That's meant to be until we meet again, but I think I butchered that. I mean, at least I've learned two phrases. And I learned all of these without even feeling like a chore. I've actually found enjoyment in learning a new language. But it's not just all about enjoyment. There are methods and systems that are necessary to learning a language. And that's why not only will I be taking two lessons a week with Abigail. I've also been doing 15 minutes per day of writing down words and repeating. Just in the last couple of days, I learned what garby means evening, bool it again, mallet is short. And now I know what mallet means in Tagalog. I'm going to write it down in my black book of Tagalog phrases and words, should we say. And then in the future, I basically just have to make sure that I keep looking back in this book and checking that I still remember these words. And they're not just part of my short term memory today, but my long term memory. I've also downloaded an app which is called Drops, where you basically have to, for example, pair a Tagalog word with its respective images. It's actually really fun and very addictive. It look. Yes. Limon. Limon, that one's a bit easy. Tini d'Or. Tini d'Or. And finally, I've got some podcasts which are in Tagalog. I don't really understand what they're saying. Although I can't really understand what they're saying, I think this does really help with pronunciation and improving my accent. I also find their accent to be incredibly soothing. So although that might not help me learn Tagalog, it's certainly relaxing. I want to make this a regular thing where I'll check in with you on my progress. You can definitely expect more of me practicing Tagalog with our Making and Eating series as well. I feel like a bi-monthly check-in vlog will help keep me accountable. And you can help too. Don't be afraid to give me a nudge and just ask me how I'm doing or what I've learned. It's funny because when I was at school, I hated learning languages. I was terrible at it. I mean, I was a terrible student anyway, but I mean, I really despised languages. But the problem was I just didn't enjoy it. And through this channel, I've actually learned to really enjoy learning Tagalog. It will be the absolute basics, but I've had a blast so far. And I promise to continue. I can't promise that I'll be fluent anytime soon or within the next decade. But I really do hope when we go and visit the Philippines again, that I'm able to actually have a conversation with someone in Tagalog. Hopefully ask more than just Nassan and Banyo, which is where is the bathroom, but pronounced horribly. On that note, I just want to end with a quote by Nelson Mandela. If you speak to someone in the language they understand, you speak to their head. If you speak to someone in their native language, you speak to their heart. And I suppose that's what I hope to achieve by learning Tagalog. I want to speak to the hearts of the people that watch this channel. I'll see you on the next video for some more making and eating. Bye!