 Hello guys, I'm JinxMath. Today I'm reacting to this video. Stay with me by Monogon's Aless. Actually I've got many requests for reactant this video. Yeah it helps. Thank you for requests guys. Actually this song is not really popular in Japan. Especially for my age. There are a few people who know about this song. This is because obviously this song was released in 40 years ago. This song was supposed to be for my parents generation. According to my parents, this song got really popular at that time. But it seems to get popular again. Especially in the world, which is really surprising to Japanese. I just checked on the internet why it's got popular. Yeah, this is because of you guys know Rene. She is a famous Indonesian YouTuber. She covered this song and got many views on it. So that's why it's got popular. Apparently Japanese old songs get many attention in the world these days. This is fantastic. I'm honored as a Japanese. Anyway since I hadn't listened to this song before, I listened to it a few times before taking this video. Apparently this song is about a girl loving a guy. But it didn't go well. So yeah, this is kind of how to say like a melancholy sad song. Actually nice song. I like it. Singing style or music style is very old fashioned. But with its nostalgic and good sense, which doesn't exist in this age. This music got really mature nice song. So yeah, Mona who is still very young age is covering this kind of mature song. So yeah, this is interesting. I hope she covers it with originalities. So yeah, let's see what it's like. Wow, it's got cinematic. Nice. I want to shoot edited this video. I love you. I love you. Wow, I like it. Yeah, first I like this color grading like this brownish color. Yeah, which one represents nostalgia? And the location scenery in this video. I don't know where it is, but yeah, surprisingly matches with this song. Yeah, I mean, it looks like it's a bud. You know, like chilling place going really well with this kind of snow tempersong. Yeah, I like it. And her voice, it's soft and moderate this time. I guess she is following the original song. But I feel like rich voice, yeah, like husky voice at the same time. With this nice arranged music, which representing her originality. So it's surprisingly good. I like it. It's nice. Nice. I don't know, but I feel like voice matches this kind of old Japanese song. You know, she's got clear and beautiful voice, but it's a bit husky, so it got rich voice. And this rich voice matches with this kind of old-fashioned music, with this slow tempo. Yeah, I'm not saying her single style is old-fashioned. I mean, she's got modern and old synths at the same time, which is mixed in a good way. And it got her original good synths, so yeah, I like it. Well, this is what I always point out, but yeah, I'm not that known. Yeah, this runs a bit too strong. Yeah, sounds like an anchor, yeah, what I always said. Where is it? Sorry, this is different point, but you guys have to wear a mask and a shield like that in Philippines. Yeah, top was quite surprising. Yeah, anyway, that's nice. Yeah, looking like she took a video in some arcade. I feel her immatureness here. Yeah, I mean, her sense of pureness or cuteness, yeah, it makes you happy, you know. Well, this scene doesn't match with this song at all though, yeah. But yeah, her single style is mature, so yeah, I like this gap. Yeah, nice. No, what did you get? Beautiful. Wow. Where is this place? It's beautiful sunset over there. Yeah, oh, I miss Philippines. Oh, beautiful sunset. Backway, I feel. Oh. Wrong sub-site. Yeah, SS. I don't have to go back. I have a head of a cow in my heart. Is it mistake? Oh, wrong leg this time. Yeah, she sounded like. Meaning, I warmed up the same melody. Yeah, it quite makes sense, but what's going on? Wanna jump? Yeah. Stay with me. Yes, baby. To you. Yes, baby. To you. Yes, baby. To you. Who did it to you? I like that. Who? That was fantastic. As I said earlier, her rich voice goes well with this song. You know, she was trying to be soft, but cool and beautiful at the same time, which expresses a lady within a bit melancholy. Especially the hook, but her voice got a bit powerful with vibrato, but it still moderate. So yeah, this technique, yeah. Fantastic. And the color grading and the locations in this video are nice. Especially the sunset part at the end of the video. Yeah, I don't know if she's chosen this location, but yeah, it's a good choice. Yeah, I like it. The view of sunset really matches with this kind of slow tempo music and melancholy lyrics. Although the name of this song in Japanese, my own kind of door, the door in the midnight, she chose the sunset scene. Yeah, I like her sense, yeah. Well, I guess. Okay, now, harsh comment time. Three points this time. Well, some scene didn't match this song at all. Yeah, like drinking somewhere like coffee or playing an arcade. It makes me wonder if she understands the meaning of that lyrics in this song. You know, in this song, a lady crying out in the midnight, fanging on the door, saying like, stay with me. To the music video should be darker. It's too much to ask Hiongle for that, but there is a room for improvement, I guess, this point. I like her pureness or cuteness, but not for this song. Secondly, her runs. Yeah, maybe I've got point out about it many times in my previous video, but I can't help realizing it. Her runs got pretty strong sometimes, like this part. It's like an annata no kotong. Actually, this is great performance, which I can't do at all, but it sounds a bit aggressive. I usually call it an end cut like, I don't know, but personally, I sound like a bit old-fashioned. Some say, yeah, this is an old song, so it's already. But to add a bit more identity, I think you should avoid it. Personally, I don't really like it, so yeah, but obviously it's up to you. And finally, mistakes. People sometimes mistakes, so I don't want to point out this kind of mistake. Yeah, this kind of easy mistake. But she's missing out because she has fantastic Japanese skill and her Japanese sounds almost perfect. A bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a accent, but almost sounds perfect. With this kind of simple mistake, which was right words, wrong phrase, makes me Japanese feel like, oh yeah, this is typical foreigner mistake. Yeah, I just remember she's still foreigner, not a good enough for Japanese. It sounds like an underestimating foreigner's and irritating you guys, right? So, let's try not to mistake as much as possible, double check many times. That's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. I hope you like it. If you do, make sure to like, button and subscribe. So, sayonara mata wo sei.