 So merda nakong nahan habito na astraliano na finsan ko na muna nungi din magtagalap, diba? Kong tagalap ko na. So here we are again at another woolly family reunion. A place where everyone can just chill acts, be themselves and not have to worry about doing something embarrassing on camera. It's getting me clean again man, are you serious? Oh, yeah. I was going like, I was going like, except this reunion is bittersweet, the funeral of my grandfather, Len moly, aka poppy. Brook, you're the part where I come from, I come from the other day. Oh, You're supposed to be the one that I've all in the grave. And then Jack fell in the grave. And that was the food or something, kind of a tie. We got some raspberries there mate. Yeah, we are. I'm trying to handle the m. That's the best. It's the most taken part, mate. This is a very different woolly celebration. There's no dancing afterwards. We're going to eat. I'm going to eat. I'm going to eat. I'm going to eat. I'm going to eat. I'm going to eat. I'm going to eat. I'm going to eat. I'm supposed to eat and make you happy. Now this video goes out to all the Filipinos watching. I want to introduce you to some of my family that can speak the Galo. There's your friend, Halle. I'm going to use the sun. Fuck one. Dude, I'm going to use the Filipino Dito Par. Are you alright? I'm not showing you. I'm going to say it's me. Right. Hindi. Hindi, right? No, it's Hindi. Hindi. Hindi. Halle, I'm going to use the sun. I'm going to use the sun. I'm going to use the sun. Halle, where's the white one? I'm going to use the sun. I'm going to use the sun. I'm going to use the sun. I'm going to use the sun. I'm going to use the sun. Now meet my cousin, Connjun. Let's see what's in this. It's really nice. It's really nice. It depends on what's in this. Okay, Tom. What's in this? What's in this? Nothing. It's really nice. I'm going to use the sun. I'm going to use the sun. So, I'm going to use the Australian Finnsan Co. I'm going to use the sun. How? I'm going to use the sun. I'm going to use the Filipino Dito Par. I'm going to use the sun. I don't know what I'm going to use, but I'm going to use the sun. What's in this? Oh, I don't know. So, Elon, you're the one who's the Filipino. What's in this? I don't know. I'm going to use the sun. I don't know. What's in this? I've been here for 24 months. I've been here for 24 months. yung golo lolo ko rolo niya na matayon kito ko na matay mo siya ba ng alaw pero nasalangit na siya kasi salangit salangit na nagitang kasi naki to ko siya para ang isang arao ba ko siya na matayon maganda yung makigitatayos sa kani-ulit na ng po ngayon na jok pagkintatay so ita posi-coner siyang pinsan ko di ba pinsan betayon salang man nakait na pangat ng pinsan or manang galong nakait nakait na kasi takayita na ya, takayita kaya pa oilanda nagsurf ka don sa nalaw nalaw sa saan Pedro dasmarin niya selitar laguna saan Pedro laguna paganda sa mission di ba pinsan ko ayon ba kaya kasi ayon funtakanadur maa te takaladur mo din artista katen mo din yung chukedun magina ko talaga salat mo kina man sa kitara pero sa ayon magra-kista kanalang mo na artista na fodate magra-kita naktraya ko sa tagalo pero india sumakaling talaga In the next episode we have some more amazing food Uncle Warren's best performance yet but don't ah ah my cousins birthday party come day two we do come jam sessions and continue on one with the same speed to the party and finally what I inherited from my grandfather