hi guys first of all we just want to
thank our returning subscribers for your
continuous support and to our new
viewers today and new subscribers thank
you so much for watching pinay mom's blogs.
so I was going through old videos the
other day and I realized that I could
share with you one special trip that the
family had a few years ago it was at a
time when my sister came to visit from
the Philippines and our eldest was still
a toddler we went to Paris France.
And of course we wouldn't leave without
visiting the Louvre the world's largest
museum
hi... hi! we're here at the louvre
well, the lower part of the...huh?
it's here because that's the food area, see? so its over there.
Did you know that the louvre welcomes 15,000 visitors per day?
and 70% of which are foreign tourists
it was during the summer when we visited
so the museum was packed with tourists
and locals but I did my homework and
researched online on what's our best
strategy to be able to see the almost
we can one day for those of you who plan
to visit there's actually place on the
louvre's official website where you can get
'a plan your visit' page. Open that page
and it allows you to print out floor
plans or even visit trails that
showcases certain artworks or
masterpieces for a duration of one to
three hours of your visit to a full day.
During our visit we decided to follow
the masterpiece trail and that pretty
much covered our whole day
miyang, 
about to see the Mona Lisa to her right!
but before we headed to see the most
famous painting in the world we squeezed
our way through the crowd to appreciate
the other masterpieces that are hanging
on the walls
(playing Mozart's Eine Kleine Nachtmusik)
And then we made a right towards this big hallway
and through the crowd you could see a
glimpse of the Mona Lisa! I didn't
realize it's that small compared to the
others along the hallway.
(music continues)
After the paintings we then headed to
see the sculptures.
(music continues)
Hi! We're back here in The Louvre.
Yeah. To take pictures from the outside. Yes. And there you have it hope you liked
this episode of "Pinay mom's vlogs" and
please don't forget to hit the like
button or comment on the description box
below. Thanks guys!
Next time on pinay mom's blogs...
