 The food in the Philippines is different from America. Pretty obvious. I think we all understand that. But I have a specific story. In my first area, we had what we call, Balloute. One of the members told me it was just an egg. So these vendors are walking around the street and they're carrying this little basket. And I was with my companion and with a member. And we stopped this guy with this basket. And the member is like, All right, yeah, give this American kid some eggs. And so I was like, all right, I'll have an egg. And I thought it was just a hard boiled egg. But I cracked it open. And there is a half-formed duck in the egg. And I was scared. But I had to slow up this little soup. And then ate the duck. And it was just not enjoyable at all. But it actually wasn't too bad. If you get over the fact that you're eating a duck that's almost there. And then in my second area, that was when I got to Baguio, which is this mountainous area. It's the best. It's kind of cold. It feels nice. The rest of the Philippines is hot as heck. But when we got to the Philippines, or when we got to Baguio, we hiked down this hill. Because everywhere in Baguio is just up and down hills. So we hiked down this hill. And this family was, I don't know, they were celebrating a seventh grade graduation. And we walked into the house, and they were cooking up something in this big pot. And I was like, oh, that sounds pretty good. Like it smells good. They were saying it's a dobo. And so they gave it to me. And I took a look at it and grabbed a piece and bit it. And it was the toughest thing I ever eaten. And it turned out that it was dog. So they had cooked up their dog for their seventh grade graduation. And as I was eating this dog, I could not bite through it. It was so hard. So as I was chewing it, I was like trying to pull it off the bone. But as I was chewing it, it kind of like slipped out of my mouth, and I tossed it across the room. And it landed in this guy's shoe. But yeah, it was pretty funny. Definitely one of my good memories of eating weird food. We also ate lizard. I ate some honeybee. I ate raw goat. I ate chicken. And the Philippines, they eat pretty much every single part of the chicken. The intestines, the blood, the feet, the head, the heart, everything. So get ready for that. Filipino food is rice. They love rice. They eat rice for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks, and all day, every day. They just love their rice. If it doesn't have rice in it, it's not a meal to them. They think it's just like a snack or whatever. And so I never really got into eating the rice for breakfast kind of thing, but I would eat it for lunch. Their food is so good. I actually gained weight in the mission because I just loved the food so much, but I didn't even care because it was so good. They have what's called lung, which is just whatever you eat with the rice. So it could be vegetables. It could be meat. It could be a combination of the two. It could be fish. But you always have your rice, and you always have your lung. And you would go to these open-air markets that they have in every single town. And you can buy fresh fruits and vegetables for a really cheap. They have really good mangoes and all different kinds of fruits that they don't have here in America that are just incredible. So one of my favorite fruits there was a dobo, which they make with chicken or sometimes with duck or beef. And it's meat that's been marinated in soy sauce and vinegar, which sounds kind of weird, but it's so good. And then they could get all up. And it's just really tender and really flavorful and you eat it with the rice. I also really like pandasol, which is hot rolls that you can buy from these little bakeries on the street. So sometimes you would stop at night on your way home and buy those hot rolls that are just fresh in the oven. And those are always like such a treat. I love mongos. I said this again and again. Mongos is just, I think, mung bean in English. And they eat that with rice. And sometimes they have dried fish. And at first when I got to the Philippines, I hated dry fish. But I learned to love it because of the association it had. I remember eating mongos and buod, which is dried fish and rice. Just sitting cross-legged on a bamboo home. And I just loved it. I was like, this is the mission. This is life. This is what we should be experiencing. And so I learned to love that. I love mongos, buod, lumpia, adobo, pancid. There's a restaurant in the Philippines called Mangina Saal. It is so good. It's just, finger-looking good. It's better than KFC, you know? All you get is a plate of rice and chicken leg. And that's it. And you put some vinegar. I don't know. You just put some sauces on it. And it's amazing. It just fills you right up. It hits the spot every time. I love Filipino food, to be honest. Like adobo, I still eat adobo. I make Filipino food at my house and stuff. It's like adobo, lumpia, which is like little meats or things wrapped in I'll be like rice paper and then like deep fried. Way good. It's awesome. So they have a whole bunch of good food. Rice will be with every meal. If you're not eating rice, it's not considered a meal. It's the way it works. It's just a snack. Like burgers and stuff, that's a snack. There's no rice. So also the burgers are different. Because if you go to angels, burgers, it's like, unang ke gat, tina pa yin lahat. So it's like, it's all bread pretty much. And there's like a little bit of meat. It's kind of funny. So that's like they're saying, like, unang ke gat, tina pa yin lahat, or like the first bite you take is just going to be bread. But yeah, so I mean the food's different. If you want to get like American food, it's all like Filipino American. Just like how in America we call Chinese food. Like Panda Express isn't Chinese food. It's not real Chinese food. It's like American Chinese food. It's the same thing there. So like if you go out to get American food, it's going to be like Filipino American kind of thing. It's like with burgers, with spaghetti, things like that. And pizza, same stuff. So one of my favorite dishes is called Lating, which is Lating. How do you say in English? It's like leaves from a plant called Gabi. And it's like the leaves, and it's like pretty bitter. And then they put milk in it, and they can put fish in it, and things like that. And they kind of like mix it together and like roast it. It's really good. It all goes with rice. So you do with rice. That's one of my favorites. That and then Sinigang. That's awesome. At first, when I first had Sinigang, I was like, what is this? Because it's like sour. Like it's sour soup. Like the sabbara, the soup is like early sour. So first you're like, what? But it's really good. I love it. I had Bayowac, which is like a giant monitor lizard. So I mean, I think it's actually they're not supposed to eat those. Like you can't, like, I think it's like a legal or something. I'm not sure. I don't think the word for it. But I've had snake. I had one of the things that people will, like different from like American the Philippines, is they eat a lot of like the intestines, kidneys, like other parts like that. And so even walking down the street, it will like be selling like chicken intestines and stuff. I don't know. They're not bad. They're not my favorite. Livers and things like that. Yeah. So I mean, I gotta try it. You know? Chicken head. That's, I don't know. For me, that, I just couldn't do it. Just like seeing the chicken staring at me. I was like, I was like, I can't eat you. Because it was literally just the head. Over there in the Philippines, the food is so brang, messed that up. So good. My favorite food was probably the same as every other American's favorite food. Chicken Adopo. Chicken Adopo was so good. And probably my favorite. There is a thing called Ballue, which I'm sure everyone has heard of. And I know all of the Filipinos know exactly what it is. Ballue is basically a half-developed duck fetus. And then they bury it. And they let it kind of settle for however many days or weeks or months. And they have different developments of the egg. So depending on if you get a 10-day egg, versus a 20-day egg, you're going to get more of the developed duck in your egg. And I had Ballue a lot. Sometimes I guess my wall sometimes I was the one, you know, initiating it. But overall, it wasn't that bad. And it was actually pretty good. But the food in general in the Philippines is so good. We had a sister who was in my first area over in Lingayan Philippines. And oh my gosh, she would cook the best stuff ever. She would cook fresh lumbia, which I mean I can't even describe to you how good it was. But she ended up owning a little tindahan, a little store. And so we would pass by it on the way out to our appointments and pass by coming home from our appointments. So we would usually get hooked up with some pretty good food. Not only did I fall in love with the food, but I fell in love with the people preparing the food, which just made it that much more enjoyable.