 there's got so many of them wow I'm about to eat the frog that's a leg right? yes the leg? alright okay we got everyone here this is mavinian articherry over there um jarred jarred jarred um yan yan here sorry the light is too haha alright guys off we're currently here because we're here to pick up jarred and back so we're gonna go to the farm so we're gonna be hunting frogs and then they'll cook the frogs first to eat gonna be my first time trying frogs we are currently going to the farm arena yeah someone got a frog already hello that is the light it's moving what do you think it is? we're gonna eat this yeah oh it's delicious really? yeah you have me like a chicken this is this is right there in one of marvin's cousins place and we are currently making our way down to the swamp area oh nice what's that? well well well look at this oh there's a dog barking at the neighborhood alright yeah so this is the rice field here are they you gonna try? try to unfrogs? no i don't know how to first time okay someone is over there trying to hunt unfrogs there rice is this rice? yeah it's rice, frog rice okay okay oh someone you and then already got another frog here we're gonna eat this? yeah really? how will they cook it? they do boob they do boob? yeah whoa another one here this is i was the taste we are still looking around yeah it's really in the rice petty over there so far so far they've caught like maybe four or five frogs so there's a carabou over there i didn't see he was standing in the dark i just woke over and he was making the noise the sound and i got sucked oh okay okay we are heading to the other part of the the rice field it's okay it's okay okay everyone is looking around here that's a big one yes whoa that's a big one oh he's fighting for his life so muddy in here trying to look for frog so muddy all right i'm about to kill a frog my first kill i don't know where it goes oh okay here all right oh hey it's not dead where did it go the two pretty under sayang sayang second kill here there it goes so many of them wow there's a fish point here everybody oh Marvin's hunting i'll see i'll see okay so the lawyer now we are currently just chilling here he's smoking cigarette while uh yan yan is over there um jaret jaret over there jaret yeah jaret and gong gong bong gong okay um what did you say at the cherry and Marvin are still making the way here they're currently at the back but uh yan yan yan i actually fell on the slope going into the the the mud as you can see my toe is as well covered with mud nice experience yeah very nice experience all right we are heading back to the house now they're still searching for frog these are the frog here frog is froggy link it right we're washing our legs here washing of the mud so these are the frog that we're going to this is jaret's so they are cleaning the frogs here wow okay so getting rid of the head cut out the head thing cut it cutting out the arms and the the feet and then almost the interest time also they have so these are the frogs here ready to be cooked frog cooking wow the chef is here it looks yummy already house jint uh gully gully gully sorry my English is beautiful it's okay that's fine so it's already putting the the gully inside with onion but this one chili pepper red pepper red pepper next we put the frog oh okay so frog is here today let me call you this frog people wow good job so okay it's very hot look at this I'm about to eat the frog that's a leg right yes the leg alright don't eat the moon don't eat the moon the lemme now nice delicious delicious this is good lemme lemme lemme beri lemme yeah lemme lemme nice it tastes like a chicken yeah it tastes like chicken guys chicken hello it's a bone yeah very small yeah it tastes like chicken it's more like a little bit it's a little bit bigger than that that's the whole body that's the spine of the frog here the bone nice it's alright what? what? what? what? what? no, those look what? what? get in the moon let's eat the frog okay let's eat guys lemme lemme you guys do this all the time catch frog all the time and cook not only once in a while one week after one week once a week okay okay lemme can you just no need to cook no need