 Somo? Kayo ba, sya, fillu? Kyom na, ko Knowlo pangalano sandги goulos POLOR Za kupa 좀 pangalano Delicious November You ready, have you been? I ready, I'm going to have it all day I will check, you ready? Go! Oh look at the foot go go! I'm happy to have you with your feet Oh yeah, you okay? I guess, you get it Oh my god, this building here, there looks so nice Oh, they're driving fast, I'm left behind So look at me, I'm wearing this plastic because it's my strange And I have the two cameras, I was going to get run over I was going to get run over I have the two cameras with me, that's why I'm wearing the pasties I don't know what is it called in Tagalog, but the guys there are ahead of me Oh, Rue! Oh look at the uniform of the guards here, it's really really nice Oh, yeah, it's nice right? There's McDonald's there, there are Now we are in the civilized part, but there is a horse Oh, Rue, he's so skinny Oh, I like this drive-through, are we driving through? McDonald's, Jacques, one chicken, two, valout Oh, what's that happening? With the crocs, shout out to the crocs lovers Crocs lovers Okay, yeah, are these stores, they look really nice, man I can't believe I'm in Manila, seriously, look at this I've never been here before, this is awesome There's even like a carindiria in here Oh, la la Oh, yeah, it's like starting to rain So, we are here now guys, what's the name of this place? Reveling the real de Baguambaya All that? Yeah That's long Reveling the real de Baguambaya It's Reveling So, let's go up, let's follow up And touch the name and the history of this place Oh my God, it's very beautiful here, look at the greens here The backpack is in front of it, it's the underwater And then it has a sun that has eight rays So those eight rays symbolize the first eight cities, towns and provinces And it has under Marshallo during Spanish period And it has three stores So those three stores symbolize the three major islands here in the Philippines Which is Nuzon, the science in Pinta, now And behind that flag is where you can find Jose Rizal's monument So, Jose Rizal is one of our national heroes Do you want to walk on the walls of Intramuras? Literally, what one is? Yeah I want to Everyone? Yeah What is somebody's home? I'm a doctor, so I'll ask you that right now Okay, so walking this down? Yeah So, he'll carry this But, there are bikes, don't have to walk, we have bikes Okay, you can see on the mask, doesn't it? You can take your railbag as well, it's gonna be nice We're two broken arms and legs in the back We're going to walk around the whole place It's been a massive tour so far, you know, enjoy it Come on Come on No Okay Thank you, thank you Yeah Okay You feel like you're here? Yeah Okay, you can take pictures here, selfies So, yeah But be careful, that's a sign We're gonna walk down here The wall is so big, don't we? Okay, from down it looks so natural But the wall is really quite large I think it's gonna be Let's go, let's go Let's run, run, run It's okay, you know something, you know We're getting hurt, don't come to the Philippines Yeah, actually, first my offer Okay, this one is good That's the National Photo Bummer of the Philippines That building right there So, Nico's here Hi And she's, this is the photo pomegranate This, where is it? No, this You see how cloudy it is? Okay So, actually what you said about the flag is true Because sometimes on my vlogs when I don't notice it, it's inverted They say it means it's onward, a country So, the last time we inverted the flag was 1941 Yeah And yesterday all my vlog also I just got a new one Yeah, I'm not gonna do that again Oh my god You can do it, guys It's like from down there, you see it's so narrow But when you are up here, you see how much space you have Oh, this is the sport I never tried Have you tried golf before? I've never tried it I've never tried it Maybe I like to play football there, but not golf We're going across again Yeah, you're all like this Can we do it there? On the big one? Be careful Okay Oh, that's too wide Oh yeah? Oh, this is very beautiful People, people they can like play golf here As long as they have money How about football? Football It's just here, here It's up to you if you want to be a player If you want someone to bring your interest Because of course it's not for you Yeah, because you have enough money to pay Yeah, and they practice dance, right? Hip hop Hip hop or whatever They have sometimes cultural dance What's that taninking? What does it called? Tiniklin Oh, they do Tiniklin here? Yeah, some dance Okay Nice Unfortunately, they're not doing it right now Oh, okay We're going to go down here We're going to go down And jump in the river? Yeah, let's jump Let's jump in the river, guys I'm just kidding No Yeah, we're on that there No, I'm just kidding, I guess So there, you can go down here Very good We're going to go down here I'm very, very waiting So very rough I'm from Syria There are up to 1.5 Armenian So, let's go back to our village Hi, I'm from Syria Hello Hello, I'm from Syria Hello Hello So, here is our school It's called the Hungry Syria I wonder It's a secret Syria Because the most hungry That's my childhood Yeah I've got food, places Or I don't know, like, I'm talking about I'm sure I'll get a snack I'm pretty good at this I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure It's better It's called the Asian Garden Or Association of Southeast Asian Garden So, Asian was found in 1967 And it was signed in Bangkok in Thailand Originally, there are five country members of Asian Which is Philippines, Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore So, today, 10 countries are under Asian And those people are under the taxi Or the founders of Asian I can see the Thunder Thunder Oh, oh That's shunt Because your name means thunder, right? Look, look at these guys Blue White Clear I think this outfit We are loving it, right? I think you'll bring it home with you You start hanging out like that Yeah, it's not yet raining hard Oh, like this toy This is my toy, be careful This is my kind of toy, bro Now, let's try one, Habevi Oh, look at this What? Oh, go! Fire! Oh! Wait, where's the sound? Oh! Oh, that's shunt Nice shot Maybe you hit more of Asia, don't hit more of Asia We're gonna go back again there Oh, that's a church there And it's starting to rain, see you later guys So, here we are guys now In the cave, what cave is this? So, look at the waterfalls here Natural waterfalls Yeah Oh Okay, you wanna try to shower with the waterfalls? Oh, I'm not sure Okay, go ahead So, the other part of the group is there They don't know where to hide, we are smart Yeah, we are smart, we found this cave here Oh, my God Now, look at me I mean, what kind of look is that? Sheets, pants Very wet, very wet, fast And I decided to be cool today I said I'm gonna be cool, I'll wear a high-cut shoes Then be dog, dog Who should have worn different shoes? Yeah I mean, the guy is very sleeper, but he found out with the socks Hahaha One, two, three, yeah Feel it, feel it, it's like in a music video Hahaha Oh I'm so sleepy I'm so sleepy I'm so sleepy Oh, so you guys see the kids? They're literally swimming outside Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my God Literally, sleep over, did you see that? Sleep a bit? Oh, man Hahaha Oh, look at my shoes Hahaha Oh, my God I'm gonna bite I'll get me bite You can't bite, you can't swim Can you swim? Look at that face, they are shocked Oh, my God We have to go back The swimming, literally swimming Oh, you did it Okay, look at the guys now Let's try some song waterproof Hahaha Is it gonna break? What are you guys doing? Oh, maybe, maybe, let's see, huh? Oh, I'll find the kids for a moment Oh, it's raining hard And they have like three cameras, my phone and the two cameras, they're strong guys Let's go Let's go, let's go, let's go Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my God