 music I'm not going to be a fan of this song. I'm not going to be a fan of this song. I'm not going to be a fan of this song. Let's sing a song for love, for love pain. Why don't you sing along my friend? It's our last refrain. Forever young, have a strong, have a break. Memories like this never end. The light on fade away. So when I'm gone, the wind I'm gone. I'll be right there, close to the sun. Keep holding on, keep holding on. And I'll be right there, close to the sun. Close to the sun. Close to the sun. Love Into the warmth, so let's shine through the rain. The warmth so stood for something more. We won't forget your name. The time is how we say goodbye. We said and say. And all those midnight secrets told And take them to the place So when I'm gone When I'm gone I'll be like that Close to the sun Keep holding on Keep holding on And I'll be like that Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Keep holding on I'm going to go to the sun I'm going to go to the sun I'll be right there, close to the sun Keep holding on, keep holding on And I'll be right there, close to the sun I'm going there and I'm going to I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! I'm going to get you a little bit more than you tell him! shopping I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to put some water in there. Please put a little water. Please put some water in there. To get water. She can tap water, too. Let's sing a song full of love, full of pain. Why don't you sing along my friend? For it style has for free. Forever young, never strong, ever brave. I'm afraid memories like this never end The light I'm fed away so when I'm gone The way I'm gone I'll be right there close to the sun Keep holding on, keep holding on And I'll be right there close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Into the wall to let's shine through the rain I want to stuff for something more I won't forget your name Sometimes I'm afraid I'm sad and sad And almost midnight sequins So take them to the grave So when I'm gone When I'm gone I'll be right there close to the sun Keep holding on, keep holding on And I'll be right there close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun So when I'm gone I'll be right there close to the sun Keep holding on, keep holding on And I'll be right there close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun Close to the sun So we just come home on our last day So if you see that we buy Do we earn in Kiappo? So yeah, you cannot charge it Genose you already going out You already come out Because you just like the smell So call me when I win Okay, so let's see Okay, so let's see Okay, so let's see Okay, so let's see Okay, so let's see So this is the dough and guys Mmm, yummy So because in time we just have the dough And the dough is the most favorite So let's see It's the most favorite food So what I try this So this one guys, we get this for kilo I think 120 for kilo So this one is more than 2 kilo I don't know No Almost 3 kilo for Sony So yeah, you see So this is You guys like it? Yeah My sister doesn't like the other sugar Doesn't like this smell of this one It's good It's a good thing that my sister doesn't like So I have company Extend it by beginning by again So I have company Because before if we buy this only me Only this one is this eating this one My son likes this but not that much Mmm Let's have a bite Mmm Mmm Many young And many years So that's it for today's vlog guys. Thanks so much for watching and don't forget to give me the like and yeah. Bye. Say another one.