 What's up guys, my name is Miles. My name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today we're reacting to aftermath of Typhoon Odette, Rye, IT Park, Sibu, Philippines. This video was requested to us by Juan de la Cruz. Thank you so much. We truly appreciate the suggestion. This is our first Filipino reaction and quite some time. So quick question about the naming. Is this as a Odette and Rye array? I don't know how to pronounce that. R-A-I-I. Is that, is one, just the English version and one being a different language? Or is it just two different Typhoons? Yeah. Every time I think of Philippines now, just because I've been on this diet, I think of Jolly V. I love Jolly. I was literally, so I was looking up something about us at work today and it popped up Jolly V. And I was so, so like, I want Jolly V so bad. I was in the middle of work. I didn't need to be clicking on it. But I was about, I'd saw it, you know, in lists like the Philippines or reacts to this or reacts to that and I saw Jolly V. And I was like, wow, we need to go back to Jolly V. It's a long drive. Yeah, guys, for the wrong diet. Yes, so for those of you that have never watched just before, we started a diet. I started mine on December 6th. I'm down 46 pounds. He started his about a week ago. Yeah, I'm down 10. And he's down 10. So we're trying to eat clean before we go travel to Malaysia. What that being said, we wanted to take you guys along on the journey. So if you would, go ahead and click that subscribe button the bell notification icon that we guys can stand formed on all of our videos. Also, if you would go ahead and give this video a thumbs up, it helps us get these videos out to more people. And if you'd like to help support the channel even more, you can click the join button down below. I have one more thing to say. Well, just for the record, we're trying to hit 100,000 people subscribers before. We're just trying to get a bunch of 100,000 people. 100,000 people. 100,000 subscribers before we do travel. Because I mean, we want to prove to ourselves that we're on the right track in our journey of YouTube. Yeah, 100%. Because if y'all enjoy it, we're going to do everything in our power to make it very entertaining. And if y'all enjoy it, because this is a huge step. Right. This isn't just like, this is like turning Facebook into meta or whatever they change the name to. It's not like that. It's made for us. Yeah, for us, it's literally changing everything that we do. Yeah. Know what I was going to say is, again, this is the first Filipino video we've done in quite some time. And it's because we don't have any suggestions. So anybody watching, if you'd like to suggest a video for us to react to, there's a link in our description. It'll take you to the Discord, the commodity discord. You can throw the links to any videos you'd like us to react to in there. And this is not put in only baiting, we're entertained, we enjoy this stuff, we enjoy the Philippines, we love y'all. Well, again, this was requested. Yeah. Yeah, at the end of the day, we're not just trying to get, I mean, we do want subscribers. Of course. So we're not just sitting here focused on such a thing. Yeah. So let's go ahead and hop in and check this out. Let's do it. Noice. So this is one thing that's unfortunate about the Philippines is all the typhoons. And that will reach out to the world. Yeah. But as we've seen in other videos, you guys, yeah, you guys take it very well. And you'll keep a smile on your face and everything. Hey, they're, instead of it being green, there's this blue. Mm-hmm. In Malaysia, those are green, those nets. Or whatever you want to call them. At least the ones we've seen. Yeah. All. Yeah. It's so funny, no matter what, people are just drawn to looking at cameras. Right. Yeah, man, it's unfortunate because, I mean, all the time spent. Dude, setting it up. Doing all this and doing the landscaping and everything. Oh, that's down. Just, just the only stuff right here. It's just your tens of thousands of dollars just ruined. Let alone crepping the building for construction, all that kind of stuff. That's a lot of work. Yeah. And imagine being the first thing. I know nothing about construction, but I know it's a lot of work. Imagine being the first thing that just got done planning those like a week ago. Those are my hydrangeas. Right. I just planted these. Sorry, I'm not trying to make it light, but, you know, it's either salt or kind of. Jab at it. That's a cool looking a suzer. Yeah, it is. About ran over those ladies. Man. So is this like as soon as the water. Receited and like everybody's now just like walking around and, you know, finding their way around now. Like people just got back from the snap. Right. You know, it's like, it's cool. Well, that's what's odd is like everybody's just walking. It seems like they're in the opposite direction of this person. Yeah, like there's no. I haven't seen a single person walking their direction. So I can only just exhausted with the whole situation. Well, I can only assume this just happened like just now. Oh, that's true. And so people are like slowly making their ways out of out of wherever they were. I'm thinking of Malaysia had the flood, the flood. So I'm thinking of like flood waters for some reason. You see a lot of wet in the summer ground. Right. It's not bad. It's so bad. Yeah. How high were the, how high was the typhoon that hit? Isn't typhoon kind of like a hurricane? Well, yeah, but I think it brings in, or no, that's just tsunami. I'm an idiot. But it doesn't listen to us. We're both dumb. But typhoons do bring in high tides though, right? Well, maybe, but I think it's mostly wind. Did you see the person that commented, you're right, because a hurricane before it hits, it's just like a storm. Land is a typhoon technically. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, there was a comment on one of our Australian videos and they were like, watch these two guys explain, or talk about something, like be with some blood, doing it. And I was like, hey, they were famous. I'm down for that. Yeah. So I feel like we're be with some blood, trying to talk about weather as if we know anything. Just so you guys know it too, it's, uh, it's nine o'clock, nine p.m. I've been at work since seven a.m. Same thing. He's been at work since seven a.m. I've been up since four. He's probably been up super early too. And we're both exhausted and drained. But this is still, yeah, this is what we love to do. And we're not going to be worried. I mean, technically we can wait till tomorrow, but why enjoy this? Like we always want to do this and we love it. So ignore our droning if it's offstupid. If we're sounding like dumb and drunk, we're just so exhausted. So let's get back into this. And this is super serious. And I feel bad that we're kind of, well, again, and I take it back to the video we watched. And I wish I knew the name of it. Let me find the name of it. Because if you guys haven't seen it, you don't need to check it out. And I'll link it right here. Just the right side. Yeah, right there. Taking pictures on the left side like this. When they're watching, it'll be on the right side. I have to see. One of these guys is just filming with it. No, there's no way he's filming with his phone. Because people are really lucky. Yeah. I feel like he's using an actual camera. We're about 180,000 subscribers. Yeah. React to Philippines. No. The reason behind the Filipino smiles, I do believe that that was the video. Yeah, I'm pretty certain that was the video. So yeah, the reason behind Filipino smiles, that was one of the best videos I've seen. I mean, it's so dang. It just ripped that out of their ground. Yeah, and I don't see very much of the base. Yeah, I mean, that's insane. Dang. I wonder, wow. Because you can tell those are definitely older trees. Right. Unless they did some magic. Could you imagine, though, like trees like this that have been around for quite a while? Like what did, what if those trees seem? Like, and that's not even trying to sound stupid. What do you think those trees have seen? The entire area completely shift and change. Probably multiple times. This person might be filming with their phone. The people are so weird. And a gimbal. I mean, it's pretty smooth. Oh, yeah. Could be with a gimbal. And that would stand out. Somebody holding a stick with their phone attached to it. It's super unfortunate. Let us know if you were affected by this and how are things looking now, whether it be about a month, a little over a month past this happening. Let us know if this affects you. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. Let us know if this affected you, how it affected you, and what's the progress been since this is happening? Right here. I mean, that was. Yeah. Obviously, maybe with the Ukraine state. In the amount of store, I was about to say, I can relate to this. But I couldn't because you guys go through this so much. There's been a delay. But what's your whole museum? Well, this is Cippy. Well, that's what I was about to say. We've been through a couple of hurricanes. And my hometown in Mississippi that were very bad. Katrina being one of them. I was actually at the Gulf Coast standing on the beach at like six years old the day before Katrina hit. Because we had, and I think Katrina is when like, I know, this is like a market, I think. I don't think that's like a building. They're McDonald's. They're fast food restaurants are so cool. Yeah. And they don't probably think about it. But that's a really good set up. But I think Katrina is when like America realized we need to be more proactive about hurricanes. Oh, yeah, after that. Yeah. They've added lanes for evacuation. Yes. But like, we had no warning. We knew nothing about it. We just knew it was going to rain. And the weatherman said that we were going to have rain. But yeah, my grandmother and my mom wanted to go shopping at the coast. So I went with them shopping. And they stopped by the beach. It was a little cloudy outside. But we walked out. And my mom said she remembered the water being like super pulled back, like very receded into the ocean. And that's one of the main issues that they had is the levees broke. Yeah. Look at that. Yeah, that looks so cool. Yeah. To Toyota. That got a lot of Toyota. That's a Chevy pick up of some sort. Looks very similar to the Colorado. I guess it was. Yeah. I forget the Colorado's gotten really smooth edges now. But yeah, well, it kind of looks like a Colorado with a avalanche back in. That was interesting. But yeah, we got back home. And then look at the next day. It hit. It was rough. We didn't have power for like two months. Yeah. But we didn't get the full force of it, like New Orleans did. Yeah. And other parts of Louisiana. Could this, OK, just out of curiosity, I don't want to be talking and saying stuff that untrue. Could they have put a lot of this is? I feel like this is probably all part of a, like an outdoor event and everything. Like where you go and sell your goods. Oh, like a little market. It's like a small market, whatever. I think it feels like they should have, like maybe they would have known trying to sound less, should have known this is obviously, I don't know the situation. To take down everything and get everything out. I mean, it doesn't seem like that would matter anyways, because so many people got hit in such a negative way. Right. I'm trying to like turn my head. I know. I'm trying to read. That's insane. That's terrible. I mean, and with the amount of stuff that was set up, tents and stuff set up right there, it doesn't look like many people expected it to happen like that. Are there just like maybe our stuff will last? May, I mean, how do you all get the information about a storm's coming? Is everybody like here in the States, people are glued to the weather. Yeah. So they're always like on their phones or on, I mean, y'all are the king of phones. Yeah. The king of slash queens of phones. So I mean, and then again, it depends on how aware the forecast people are and are able to kind of give a heads up. Because nobody, I mean, I'm sure nobody truly knows how strong something's going to be. Right. I guess it's going to rain. We're going to have some high winds. But then all of a sudden, the next day, it's not just high winds. Just like what we had with Katrina. Well, I mean, Katrina, I think the day before, when they brought up that it was a hurricane, it was like a category one. Yeah, like nothing like that. I mean, overnight, it shifted from like a category one to a category five. Yeah. And nobody expected that. Nobody thought that that was or could happen that fast. Yeah. It was insane. And I mean, even the people that are from there, they have preparations for hurricane. Right. They board up their walls and their windows. Well, that's why they had the levees in the first place. Yeah. Because they expected something to happen one day, just not like that. So what do y'all do in preparation for something like this? This seems so heavy and like instantaneous. Right. This seems like it was just happened. Yeah. Like, you know, you go into tornado alley. I mean, you know, they're going to come. Right. But in one day, it just touches down. Yeah. And then you don't know where it's going to touch down or anything. You're just fingers crossed. It doesn't hit your property. So guys, our hearts, our prayers, our love go out to y'all. I know we laughed and joked about a little bit of things. But it had nothing to do with the actual circumstance. We were more laughing at our ignorance of what we were talking about. Right. We don't mind y'all bashing us for our ignorance. It's definitely, it's definitely there. Yeah. But we definitely didn't want to make it too lighthearted on the actual situation. So again, our thoughts and our prayers to y'all. And if y'all can answer any of the questions that we have, that'd mean a lot to us. 100%. Oh man, I'm losing my voice. Sounds like it. Guys, if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button. If you want to see our future videos, hit the subscribe button and the bell notification. And if you want to support us directly, hit the join button. With that being said, my name's Miles. And my name is Feth. Thanks for watching, guys. Peace out.