 I personally, I'm a huge fan of red. This parody is gold for me. We've been looking at this for a long time. I love it. Ooh, my favorite! I can buy myself now. What's up, Philippines? Welcome to another reaction video with you host Nelly. Today, I'm reacting to a very special video because it is a parody of a video that has been sent to me several times. I wonder why. But it is the parody of Miley Sarah's Flowers parody by Mickey Busters. I love his videos and I'm so happy that he uploaded a video about parody because you know, his parents are always kind of like fun to watch and his way light hearted and with the touch of Filipino, which makes it even more fun. So today is the day that I'm reacting to this one. This video is showing. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. Okay, but before we get into the video, I wanted to share a book that I'm currently reading with you guys because I think it's something that everybody should know. It's called The War for Kindness. And I personally have been through a few challenges in the past year and this book is mainly about empathy and reprogramming yourself to be a little bit more compassionate. And I know not everybody is into reading books or wants to dedicate a lot of time. So today's sponsor is actually Blinkist. And Blinkist helps you to understand a book with some key ideas in just a few minutes. So, whether it's via text or audio, so super, super easy to handle. And if you're not into that kind of topics self-development, I think it's a good topic. But Blinkist has 5,500 non-fictional books to choose from, so you can just decide on your own. So Blinkist has this new function that is called Connect. So you can connect with your friends and family and just share topics that you really love to talk about. So it's just one person paying and you can share some key ideas and discuss it for your next drinking session, for example. Get 25% off Blinkist Premium and enjoy two memberships for the price of one. Start your 7 day free trial by clicking the link in the description. Yeah, it's a great commissation starter, right? So that was it. Now back to the reaction video. Hi. I love it. I love it. I love it. Oh, yummy. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. That's a nice. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite. Oh, my favorite.