 400 my insurance everything that he just said 42 I paid 400 How much can one dollar get you in the Philippines? I genuinely wonder and also what is genuinely the cost of living in the Philippines now This is gonna be a day in his life abroad. This is by Nate Harvey and he's just basically unexplained that and I'm excited to see it share my YAH! No my words! Yes, that's about it. I'm excited though genuinely hopefully you guys can join me, watch this together, see with that one dollar could get us, etc etc. Let's find out Hello again and welcome back to another exciting video. Hmm, this time I'm going to be mixing things up a bit and giving you a special peek into my life here in the Philippines. I've been living on the main island of Luzone for over two years now and it's been such an incredible experience. Today I'm specifically going to focus on a common curiosity for foreigners thinking about moving abroad. How much does it actually cost to live here? See look I need a no-d-sting when I go there to visit I might live there who knows right you never know Just keep an eye on it. Years ago when I just started getting outside of the United States to explore the world I often wondered what it would be like if I suddenly plop myself down into a foreign country with no return ticket home. How challenging would it be to adapt? Could I find ways to live like a local and afford it? Over time and with experience I realized that adjusting to life overseas wasn't as daunting as I had originally expected. And the cost of living abroad especially in a place like Southeast Asia could be much lower than anticipated. I do hope that the information in this video will be insightful and useful for many of you out there. And for my very supportive audience here on the Philippines I'm totally aware that I'm going to be covering a lot of what you already know as locals But I would greatly appreciate if you can drop a line in the comments below with your tips and suggestions for expats and travelers. Oh if you can give a shout out to your favorite destination across the Philippine Islands Somewhere special and off the beaten path. I would really appreciate it. Say me or guys. Okay, so how much do I pay to live here in the Philippines? Well, let's jump right in and break it down. Come on Look at the mountains. That is beautiful. So right now I'm staying in Angola City which is about an hour north of Manila. That building is beautiful. I really like living here because you have this large urban setting That's right next door to the Zambalus mountain range and vast tropical countryside. It's just beautiful. I love immersing myself in nature. Wow. And hiking around to the nearby wilderness. So this location provides an excellent blend of city and country life. You have an average. Hey, average a little too scary. Not on a terribly busy street. Come along this pathway and I'll show you my apartment. I'm on the second floor so fortunately I get a bit of the view of the jagged mountains off to the west. It makes for some amazing sunsets for sure. Okay, welcome to my little studio apartment which I'm currently renting from a kind Filipino landlady just down the street. I didn't need a lot of space so I was fine with the basics for a fully furnished unit. This is my living room. You can see I have my couch on one side, a TV on the other. This is my dining slash work desk. I've got a window for some natural light which is great. I want to have a sense of the all important air conditioner. Genuinely. So happy I have that especially for the scorching hot months. And then over here I have a kitchen with appliances and dishes. On the other side this is my large bed with closet space on the other side. This is kind of interesting. Right over here I have another small kitchen. This is called a wet kitchen here. So I can do cleaning or do preparation for cooking and not have the smells come inside. On the left, this is my bathroom with a generously sized shower with hot and cold water. I mean this is my favorite one person for a tiny cozy place like this. At the moment I'm currently renting this studio with Wi-Fi included for a price of 13,000 pesos per month. Really? That also includes cleaning twice a month. Now there are definitely places throughout the city that are much cheaper. For example you can find a small and furnished apartment for as low as 5,000 pesos per month. However I needed furniture, appliances and internet. So I was fortunate to find a pretty good deal for this gated apartment complex in such a convenient location. For the Philippines, the internet speed is decent. Let's do a test now. Is that doogie? So yeah between 40 and 50 mpps download speed and about 25 to 30 mpps upload speed. Which is enough for me. I mean that's not bad. For me it probably wouldn't only be enough because I'm very accustomed to because I pay like even extra for internet just because of what I do and what I enjoy and dude I think I get like 300 megabytes per second so 40. Ooh that's gonna be a hit to me but who knows maybe there's better Wi-Fi around. Maybe there is. If I were paying for the internet service it would be about 1500 pesos per month and also if I were to schedule additional cleaning that would be about 300 pesos for every cleaning session. As for utilities the cost of city water is about 213 pesos while the cost of electricity is approximately 2500 pesos. Of course the cost of electricity can change quite a bit during the hotter months. Oh and while I do use tap water for cooking I do order purified drinking water from a local supplier and they have numerous filters in place to ensure the water is safe to drink. Each blue container holds 20 liters and costs 25 pesos to refill. What? Also delivery is free. Oh before I forget I've got to run a few errands so why don't you come with me? That was a big goal too. I heard that you dropped this off outside. The fee for a trash collection in front of my unit is minimal only 200 pesos per month. I like this already. The way he does it, the way he structures it is really nice. Like it. I wonder what another house like let's say a bigger one. That would be a future video if a bigger one would cost. A short walk away from my front door I have a handy laundry shop which is similar to many others scattered around towns and cities throughout the Philippines. Now it's tremendously convenient because I can just come and drop off my dirty clothes and then return later once they've been washed, dried and neatly folded by shop employees. Now here the price is 28 pesos per kilo of clothing. So for me that works out to be about 300 pesos per month for laundry. Not bad. Thank you. Thank you so much. While they do that that's this old one. Even the most simplest things is what's important. As well as I wanted to know the bigger house cost because if I bring all my friends imagine you know living in that small one would be enough right? It'd have to be like a bit bigger. We're now at SM Mall which is only about seven minutes away from my apartment. Where all the singers are from. I'm inside and grab some groceries. Here we go, key time. I feel a little bit more at ease buying produce here in the supermarket. You're gonna probably tell us the whole cost. Okay the grand total for this little shopping spree was 1,374 pesos for some basic items. I would say an average I spend between 4,000 and 7,000 pesos for groceries and kitchen supplies every month. Podessi? I tend to splurge a bit on things like cheese, sauces, yogurt and imported cereals. So that can lead to higher prices at checkout. With all this talk of food what do you say we go for a picnic? Guys come on. That's uh this is really nice. It's a perfect day to be outside enjoying such amazing weather. Although I think I'm starting to get a sunburn already. I always burn here. But same here in Florida bro. Check this out. I'm going to order some food using food panda. Now food panda is one of the most popular food delivery companies out there in Asia. It's kind of similar to Dordash Uber Eats and GrubHub. Oh it looks like it. The sake of easy glue is there. I'm going to order a Big Mac meal from McDonald's. And you can see from the app they have a lot of great discounts. This is very common for these online food delivery companies. So it looks like they have a 50% discount up to 75 pesos off. So that's about a dollar and a half. Pretty good. I'll confirm it. Wait what did you just buy bro? The food should be here in about 20. Wait what did he buy? Pretty good. I'll confirm it. No what did he buy? I'm sorry I'm sorry guys. That's about a dollar and a half. Pretty good. You don't even see it. What did he get though? And we're set. Just one of the things. We're going to be here in about 20 minutes. In the meantime let me talk about credit for calling, texting and mobile data. Oh yeah. Post-paid phone plans are offered all over the place. But I prefer to have more control over what I pay based on what I need from month to month. Basically I pay cash to load credit onto my phone at a grocery store or 7-Eleven. And then I subscribe to a prepaid call text and or data plan that is valid for one day, three days or a full month if needed. I usually pay about 250 pesos per month. But for someone who needs unlimited calls, texts and a fair amount of data on a daily basis, prices range between 300 and 500 pesos on the lower. Yo that's it. I pay more than that. But improving over time. 4G LTE is available in most urban areas. And 5G is now rapidly expanding across the Philippine Islands in select locations. Can you bring an iPhone there? I want to be here in less than five minutes. You can actually track the rider. And this is very good. I'm getting hungry. Looks like my food is here. That's so cool. Oh, thank you. I'm telling you, I don't get McDonald's that often. But this looks really good. Actually one place that I do eat at fairly frequently is one of the most popular fast food chains in the Philippines. In fact, I think it is the most popular. Shall I be and I don't know why, but they really have some amazing. I tried them on my channel. Great deals. And for some reason, they have the best pancakes I've ever had for about 200 pesos. All that insurance. You know how much I paid for money? I've got to say, having this 400 makes eight. Everything difference. It's fast. 400. My insurance. My life. Everything that he just said, 42, I paid 400. Well, that's crazy to me. See fun and super efficient. So you have to, I mean, I see cars back there, but is it more efficient on a scooter instead of a car? I see a lot of people especially foreigners when they go there. It's always a scooter. I'm just not a fan of it. In fact, the Honda beat, which as far as I know is only offered in Asia, offers mind-blowing fuel efficiency. On average, it gets about 140 miles per gallon. What? So it's three liters for 164 pesos. Roughly every month, I pay 600 pesos for gas. Now that is hard to beat. What do you buy to fill my tank? Another thing I have to take care of today is my visa for the Philippines. So I'm now at another shopping mall, about 15 minutes away from my place. And inside, they have a field office for the Bureau of Immigration. So I'm going ahead and show you exactly how I'm able to stay here legally. So when I first arrived in the Philippines prior to the pandemic, I was given a stamp at the airport or a visa on arrival, which allowed me to stay in the country under a tourist visa for a little less than a month. I think 28 days to be exact. But if a foreign visitor decides to extend their stay in the country, just like I did, the Philippines Bureau of Immigration offers two months and six month extensions. And these can be obtained over and over. The six month extension is only offered in Manila. So I choose to get an extension every two months at this field office. Yes. Is this the same? Yeah, just extension. Thank you very much. All I have to do is fill out a small form with my information, provide my expiring visa and passport, pay the extension fee at the cashier's desk, and then wait about two hours to free my passport and new visa extension document. Normally I just grab a bite to eat and do a bit of shopping in the mall to pass the time. Today I'm paying two charges. One is the typical extension fee of 2840 pesos. And the other one is a yearly fee that you have to pay for an eye card. It's an identification card for foreigners here. And that is 2400 pesos. So that's all 109. All things told, I usually end up paying about 20,000 pesos per year for immigration charges and visa extension fees. Which really isn't that bad. In some countries you have to completely leave and come back for a visa renewal every so long. Oh, duh. So I'm thankful I don't have to go through that house. Yeah. Okay, well that was pain free. After turning in my forms a few hours ago, I now have my passport and official document showing that my visa is valid for another two months. Yay! Yay! Wow, look at how pretty these malls and the Philippines are awesome. Well, I think that has to be the cheapest amount I've ever paid for parking. Ten pesos. The views of the area. On one side you can see Mount Araya, which is a lone and active volcano that can be seen from all around Papanga. And on the other you can make out the rich line of the Zambalus mountains I mentioned earlier. Just stunning. So this evening I'm ordering one of the top sellers here. It's the pork steak with pepper sauce and it comes with two side dishes. I'm also getting an iced tea and the total for all of this is 420 pesos. Can you believe it? No. It's rare to find a rooftop restaurant in any city with prices like that. So let's look at everything and answer today's burning question. How much does it actually cost for me to live in the Philippines? I will include several items that I didn't mention earlier like what I paid to get a haircut, contact lenses and even a massage. Miscellaneous will include optional expenses like going out to eat, ordering food online or even going out to the movies. My Honda scooter and the associated fees are going to be on the side but for most other payments I will put that in the monthly expenses category. When we add everything together for the grand monthly total it comes just below an estimated 28,600 pesos. It's not nearly as cheap as it could be but it's far below what you would be paying for luxury living here in Southeast Asia. Of course it's only a fraction of what I'd likely be paying almost anywhere in the United States. Yeah. First of all the thing I like in the video is almost done anyways but I just wanted to say like I like that he included almost like even the smallest things because the best thing to do is when you're going to price something you don't go like right about you just go overboard like oh this thing is going to cost me 2,300. No it ain't it's going to cost me 2,700 or 800 just in case I want to guess I'm like you always just go overboard just in case you know what I mean you don't go right there you go like you know what let's just say I wanted to spend 500 more like or 500 tax or just pretend you know so you're always over-prepared it's better that way so I like that. So you added all the haircuts massage bro at everything man I want to know. That looks so good. I better not let it get cold thank you so much for joining me today. My hope is that this has been interesting and beneficial for you. It's been a privilege and such a joy for me to live here in the Philippines for several years and my desire is to pass on what I have learned to you through my personal experiences wherever your future global adventures lead I wish you and your loved ones many happy trails ahead. Stay safe stay well and I'll see you again soon. See now that that was something something to learn whether it be for you and for me especially for me but if you know that's cool you know maybe you guys can let me know down in the comments like even more things that I should know things that are exciting you know what I'm saying just let me know anything really I'm excited I definitely will travel there I've said this plenty of times but it's it's a guarantee that I will go there I will go there with all my friends don't worry about that I'm coming with friends I'm not just going alone props to him he went alone he went on a solo venture by himself I thought that I probably the thing is if I go I would have to you know get a bigger one because of you know friends that are gonna be living whatever it might be but regardless it is just genuinely so beautiful to see the things that you can get for for really cheaper than than here it's just way cheaper and it's it's beautiful too the best part is it isn't cheaper but just like not good it's cheaper but it's like literally the same thing and it's so beautiful like a win-win and the people are absolutely kind with so many talents singing do I will don't you worry now with that I have so many things on my bucket list with traveling and honestly I I can't wait but it will happen that's all you need to know not win but it will that's the fact now look I want to say thank you so so so much for watching I really do appreciate it ain't if you liked it leave a like if you loved it subscribe if you want more let me know down the comments below and yeah till next time guys peace