 Look at this. We made into a classroom in the Philippines. Look at that. We're in the University of California. Officially in class. I'm breaking things. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to Manila here in the Philippines. Today, I'm going back to school. I'm teamed up with my friend Mika. Mika, who are you? Tell the people. I'm a travel vlogger and I'm learning from talent today and I'm taking him to UP. I studied here and I am an expert professor. She's going to be my local host through Manila today. We're going to go on a little bit of adventure through the school. We're going to get some food. It's going to be a great time. Do you know how we roll? But before we do anything else, let's roll the intro. Alright, we're going to open this video nice and good with some food. Guys, I'm back in school. I dropped out of college years ago. Look at me. I got a backpack on and everything. I feel like I student. We're going to go to class. It's going to be great. It's time to get some local college cheapies. I want you to try this thing called... If I translate that into English, it's FU UP. Yeah, let's do it. It looks like you can get a lot of the cheap sort of college snack. There's a lot of the ramen noodles that Pansi Ftenton get quick quick. It's all the cheap Filipino foods that you can get over here snacks and stuff. Good for like a budget student. There's a lot of money to spend on food. It's a great little spot right here at this kiosk. Okay, so I should have worn makeup before I'm Jewish. I don't eat pork. This is a thin nirang na doh. It has from the looks of it hot dog, egg, cheese, bacon, and a patty and half. And it is a very porky sandwich and he doesn't eat pork. Super porky. It's like 90% pork. Oh. Man, it's hot. It looks delicious. 75% people at the rail look at that. All of that. So Mika has brought me to Paloma Hall. He says this is the most iconic hall in the Philippines University. But let's ask her why. Why is it so iconic? Why is it building iconic? I don't know. I think it's the prettiest. But aside from that, it's really where most of the general classes happen. These steps where you are standing on is where students would really just sit and wait like this. This is a very common thing. Oh, in the hall. Here we go. Oh, she got your ID. Wow. Oh, my God. This is royalty. You guys see us are just breathed in here. It's like, I quit LKC later. Oh, jam. We're going to enter a class. Oh, this classroom is in no Pasistas on just to see you guys know. I don't know what that means, but it's in no Pasistas on. I don't know how old this building is but I will google it right there when I enter. Yes. Now if you want to find out you got to go to her channel. Watch her video about this. Please subscribe to my channel. Because I am too lazy to put that information up. You guys already know me. I'm wearing my kind of underwear. During her time. Ooh. Look at this. We made into a classroom in the Philippines. Look at that. We're in the university class. Official class on breaking things already. Me, God. Could you give me a class? A class. Teach me. About what? Okay, today we are going to learn about the inner history. Okay, Cal. My only student right now. How do you think the inner is started? Uh... F***. Everything I'm learning for Mika so far about this place is this is basically the Harvard of the Philippines. Yes. I like that. The Harvard of the Philippines. It's a prestigious school that everybody is very proud of. And it's really cool. It's very reflective of it too when you're walking around. People are very friendly but also you can tell that people have worked hard to be here. And the campus is very reflective of that. Like, it is a beautiful campus. I'm having so much fun just walking around with her. She's so knowledgeable about this place. And definitely passionate about this school which makes it so much more fun. Because I'm getting to experience it. If I just came here by myself, I would probably not think of half the things here. But I keep hearing, ooh, this wasn't here. And this wasn't here. This is cool. This is cool. It's exciting me. It's exciting me. And I hope people don't hate me for this. But the inside joke was, okay, it was called UB University of the Philippines. But it was also called University of the Poor. Because UB didn't have a lot of money for infrastructure. So all of this is like, shocking me. We have a tiny park. Wow, we have money to build a park. Look at this tree. It's like a tree of life. It's like a tree of life. And they just decided not to cut it. Okay, and me guys brought me now. It's a more important part of the day. Ladies and gentlemen, food. We got to jump more into the food of the college campus. Look at this. We got Rodik's diner. And then this snack shack. And it seems like all the students are indulging right now. Everyone's enjoying their food. So it's time to get some grub. I'm excited. I'm excited. The best stop out in the Philippines. The best time to go to the Philippines. We got the egg. We got the sweet potato steak. Some of that rice. Or so much. Oh, shut up. My god, that's a good one. It's so good, right? Don't mind if I take another bite, right? Yeah. So why is this one of your favorites? Why? Why not? You fried it, right? It's so good. If you notice, this particular top up has a... Has an Asian flavor to it. It's not like... There's like star anise. Because I cooked it, so I know. It has star anise. It's a kind of spice. And it's less shredded. So even the kids can have a dulce with dentures. Can have it as well. And it's cheap 99 best hosts. Full plate. We'll get you really, really full. And it's really good. Alright, so Mika has been talking about this place. Since we first got here, this is called the Oblation. U.P., the University of the Philippines, comes into an essence and embodiment of an area. It's presented to you with a beautiful little fountain. And we also have the statue of a man going like this. And Mika's going to give us a little more information. Okay, so this is Vagiliermo Tolentino. And if I remember right, the man used as the statue model is the dad of Fernando Paul. The reason why the Oblation is doing this is because if you notice, it's like a man's outspreaded arms is because it's about being selfless and really just serving the country. You know, being selfless for the country. You might ask yourself, is this a food video? Is this a college video? Is this a university video? You never know what you get when you're with Mika. It's always going to be a surprise. Yeah, ow! See, I got your friend in the door! Right there. This entire place, the Makanhau street, is no food food food. And my good friend, celebrity chef, Ed Boogie, an old spinoe restaurant, and I'm going to make talent riot. I'm going to be in the middle right now. Hello, thank you. Mika, are you excited? I'm super excited. Okay, cheese sticks. You're the better presenter. What's inside of this? Cheese in stick form. That's why it is called a cheese stick. But what makes this super unique for me is that it has pesto. Actually, nori. It's a corrected nori with a raspberry sauce. It's a little raspberry glaze on top. This is a classic take on my go. Filipino, Lupi, right? Lupi of a fusion side. Alright, alright. Enough jokes. Here we go. Oh my god. This is vegan kare kare. Look how amazing this looks. Let's go to that peanut butter. Do you know what's in here? Vegetable. He even has vegan bagoong. So that shrimp paste that always comes with kare kare. That's called bagoong. But this one is vegan bagoong. And here we go. What's your name? My name is kare kare. If you like peanut butter, go. This is the dish for you. It's sweeter than kare kare kare, but I love it because it mixes so well with the kare kare. Beep. Look at that. Look how beautifully plated it is. Red wine, benjang. Benjang is the hip of the beef. And put it in a glass for words. Have you officially found your favorite restaurant in the Philippines? I think you have. I'm always especially when I travel. I've done a lot of collaborations with restaurants. When you find a restaurant that puts in an effort, like solid effort, not only on the taste side of the ingredients, but also the presentation of the food. Like the way things are plated here, the way things are organized. There's a thought into every dish that's coming out. And it makes it so much more fun to eat too. What do we got here? This is a double fried chicken. Fried chicken is so popular in the Philippines. It's so good. It's a brand new invention to me. Look at that crackle. Look at that sizzle. Look at that. It's so delicious. Slightly sweet, slightly savory. You got those elements of the tinkiness of the citrus that's in there. Make it, give it to me. We did it. Look at this. Look at that. Highly highly highly recommend checking out this restaurant. Down below the description, they have this restaurant which is a Filipino style like fusion food. And then they also have vegan style, which is part of the food that we had here. So definitely check them out. Down below the description, the Instagram will be linked to the website, Google Map Directions. Come send them some love, ladies and gentlemen. Give them all the love. Alright, so this is PJ. Tell me what your position is here at Pino. What do you do over here? One of the managing directors of Pino restaurant. We travel a lot. Our chef is originally from the Ilopos area. So a lot of our food is paricaré and bug net taste. And we definitely every year, every quarter, every half a year. We travel together as a team to find inspiration here and abroad. And how frequently do you introduce new recipes or new dishes to your restaurant? We are kind of crazy. So whenever we feel like it, we definitely bring in something to the table. And sometimes it's really crazy that people do not eat it because it's really crazy. Alright, well come give PJ a visit when you're here. Let him know that I sent you. And please, please, come say sister because it is so, so delicious. I cannot stress that enough. Thank you so much for having this man. Of course, of course. Oh, of course. Wow, another video that I forgot to make in Alcuro 4. That's the end of your video today ladies and gentlemen. Make sure you check out Meek Up Panetta's channel down below in the description. As well, make sure that you check it out. The Pino restaurant here in Manila. You guys are going to love this place. It is so good. The Filipino order of the day today is going to be a Scuela de Nga, which means school. And a Scuela means to go to school, which really is a derivative of the Spanish word a Scuela, which is pretty interesting. Alright, I love you guys a long time and we'll see you in the next one. Goodbye, Clats.