 Welcome to another beautiful day here in Chargau. I am on Malano Beach right now. This is like less than a two minute walk from my Airbnb and I have yet to check it out. So I'm really happy that I came here this morning because it's beautiful. The only one here and the sand is like ridiculously soft. I have to say there's a lot of ants though. They're crawling on me and it's kind of dry in mebombers. But anyhow, I have been under the weather for the last few days. I've just been in bed and I don't know if you can hear in my voice but like my, like my sinuses are all gross. I've had a fever. It just like, it hasn't been pretty. So I'm having a really, really chill day today so I thought I would bring you with me since I'm feeling good enough to like leave the house and do things again. So to start the day we're just kind of hanging out here on Malano Beach because it was walking distance and honestly I did not want to get on my scooter and drive super far today. So this is where we're starting our chilled out sick day. Look what I found. How perfect this like hammock thing is definitely part of that resort back there where I am definitely not staying. But you know what? I'm more of an ask for forgiveness kind of gal than ask for permission. So we're going to chill here. Till someone tells us we can't. I have to say so I've only been in Chagow for a few weeks now and I love it more than anything. When I'm traveling I am constantly searching for places where I can go and feel like oh my god hi. I feel like I see a little popper. A little popper. I know. Oh my gosh I have a buddy. How cute. See I have friends. Anyways, I just feel like I'm constantly searching for places that are off the beaten path and not overpopulated with tourists. Look I finally found that in Chagow and it honestly feels like somewhere that if I could that I would like to spend a lot more time in the future like I would love to come back here next year and just spend like an entire month here that would be that would be phenomenal. Hi buddy. Hi. So I've been chilling at Malano Beach for 2 damn long now. I've just been like laying around. It's now 12.30 and I am freaking hungry. So we're going to go get my scoot and head into general Luna. Oh yeah. So Malano is like beside. I'm also probably saying that totally wrong but Malano is beside general Luna. It's like a 10 minute drive away. I just washed the sand off me quickly and reapplied my sunscreen a little bit so I don't get a burn and we are going to drive into general Luna and find a restaurant. I already know where we're going to go and I know it's awesome so I'm really excited. So let's do it. So I just made it back to Kermit Resort. I wanted to come here for lunch because they have a really really yummy restaurant that I came to the other night and it was the delicious so I'm back again. Hi just for one. The most popular thing to order here and what I had last time is the pizza. It was so damn good. I told myself that I was going to get something healthier but honestly I don't know. We'll see. If you're ever in Chargau you definitely need to come visit Kermit for a pizza. I'm telling you it is so freaking amazing. I ordered the margarita pizza today but apparently the Kermit pizza I think it's called the most popular one apparently that's really good too. My ground my throat is seemingly to get worse. I don't know why. Anyways great meal. Okay we are back at my favorite Chargau. Thought I would come by for a little bit of a pick me up because honestly after that big pizza lunch I'm feeling kind of sleepy and like I have anything to do tonight. I'm trying to get some caffeine in my system and like turn the show around you know. Hopefully it works. Get this place. What a perfect little oasis. Look how yummy. So damn good. On the way here I saw this really cool palm tree forest and I really want to go explore it on our way home. Okay so this is the spot right here. Look how beautiful this is. I have a feeling this is a surf spot because there's a bunch of scooters at front. Oh yeah there's definitely a lot of people surfing out here. Wow does it get more beautiful than this? I am so impressed by Chargau like holy shit. It's crazy here in Chargau. I feel like these flies are about to attack my face. I feel like everywhere I go is my new favorite place here and I mean can you see all these little flies are they like no seams for you. Anyways I am going to sign off for today. Thank you so much for watching. Thank you for hanging out with me and I will see you in the next vlog.