 Ako sa herbachabas, Gini's World Record holder, ang inyong Philippines Superman. Kinas World Record holder! Ako sa sa pangalakaun ako kong costume during the 90's. Kis dandis since the 90's? Ay, does he get paid to go to those malls? Because if yes, I'm going to suit a best woman. Pinagay ako yung nose, chaka yung proportion, yung mukani Superman. Imagine going into a roll where you go that far to plastic surgery. That is wow! I am so excited for this video! What's up, Philippines? Welcome back to another reaction video here with your host Nelly. I am going to react to a very, very interesting video today from Bice. So if you're familiar with Bice, you know that that side is quite big. And today I'm watching a video about Meet the Filipino Superman. I am very excited about this because I don't know what to expect. And it sounds so interesting. I'm happy that you're here with me. Let's jump straight into this video. He really believes he's Superman. He takes his job seriously. And when he's character, he's totally an character. Oh, he loves it. I'm really excited because he's a disfigured sculptor. He's totally a man of the world. Oh! He's a really cool person. We're going to put him in Superman. If you're interested in me, please come to my shop. Where is the sky? I'm seeing you. I'm really excited. I'm really excited. He's really excited. He's really excited. Okay, this is obviously Manela. Oh. He's really excited. He's sitting in the Philippines. The Philippines is superman. Wow, what an intro. Okay, as I said, I have never heard of this guy. Have you guys? This is the very first time. I've never heard of this guy. I've never heard of this guy. I've never heard of this guy. This is the very first time. And I wonder where this dude is situated. If he is from Manela, I would love to meet him traveling to Manela soon. I'm really excited. I'm in Herber Chabes, the Finnish World Record holder of the Philippines Superman. Nice. He's really excited. Okay, come on. Welcome to my travel lessons day. What's up with this guy? He's really excited to see his friends on the screen. So his life is a statue steak. He's really excited. He's really excited. So what's his name? He's really excited. He's really excited. He's really excited. Wow, that's probably his story. I guess now I work as a designer, a business man, I have a museum in Manela Ocean Park and I stand in the Philippines Superman. Nice. We're here in Manela Bay to see Manela Ocean Park. What's up? I've never been to Ocean Park. So this is the entrance of the Superman collection. Wow. It's a really nice place. Our shampoo, Guinness World Record Certificate. So we're here. We're here. Wow. Guinness World Record holder. Okay, I have to go there. This is one of the most important things to be used during the 90s. If you're looking for a place to stay, you'll see it on the... He's done this since the 90s. I'm making it very seriously. I'm just kidding. It's a place where... Why is it so cute? And in the streets, one of the most memorable things about my life is, because I'm not sure if I'm doing it during that time. So I'm going to start with my life status. I'm going to start with the other things that I'm doing. Wow. This is in Saudi Arabia during the 1990s. I'm going to go to Saudi. I'm going to start with about 10,000. I'm going to permit it's much more technical but I'm going to go to the designer's office. I'm going to go to the bathroom because I'm home-situated. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. In case you don't know, a lot of Filipinos travel abroad for... seeking better opportunities. And yeah, I'm happy to see you back in the Philippines. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the performance. I'm going to go to the side. I'm going to go to the park for the performance. I raised one for my collection. I raised one for my family. The memories and the memories of my life are not that good in Saudi. Because the society is so much... Alright, blue eyes! I'm going to go to the hospital. I'm going to go to the personal hospital. I don't want to go to the complete side. So you need to... speak like a superman. Oh. I am Superman! I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom.然后... He must be in a truck when he's walking around Are you companions' role? Are those supermanes? Of course. Many of you have been in drag clubs. A lot of good looking guys. Or that the international man... he is combination of the characters. Because if I just create a character, he just does the face. Yeah! Hindi ng mga naman kategory kong pagbi-bagan. Ayakay kito ka mga sa iya ba-bata naluno mo na imillang kakapsit nal beneficial sa karakter mo mo ma-smo, gag<|tl|> Sa Naksibos dito! Spedemen! Hasan ng naman pag sa nangobata siyong mac2 Pacaay mag-pw Leave on Pantanilaw, okay Nari man ako si metal yung costume. So, I'm afraid it is your favorite of the safety of your children. Tapos sa mga adults na mga, sya'fray mga jokes and personal ala ng manila. Sabi ko ng Adis, not just a work for me, because it's super mad, it's a jap or a super mad. Wait, does he get paid to go to those malls? Because if yes, I'm going to suit up as one of the women. Wow. This is the doctor before, so I can get the money. Pachatong pointed, kasi ilung tape. Sabi ng doctor, kung putuk na doo yung ilong koko venti yung tinope ang ilong. Hatatang galyo ulo niyan eh. Wow. Sa karon na pilot episode din ng kaiti ka boya boon da yung ikaw na. Nunti na pake yung body this more pig this order. Tapos ako yung piniture the ones. Tas ng rating, inadap na nasi nandibisi ng Manter National News for that. Wow, international recognition net. San Shostok ako maging ng tamukanis superman. Kayak pinagay ako yung nose, sa kaya proportion ng mukani superman. Sa mga inter... Imagine going into a role where you go that far to plastic surgery. That is wow. Use na, it's the most effective. Tadikasi, nga kaw na hano ng collection, nga mukha, nong collection. Kod yung uunaw ng kakan na kankamta ng basi. Uunaw na isa bigon na superman ay hindi... American, kung alien siya ang citizen shimita, but chukri toon niya. Bako, is it not American. Mong western eyes, it comes from space. Kasi mga may gino man yung nationality yung gusung gaya, nagsog gaya yung alienated. Kong pinangar ko, kailang mag-imong comparator, dibukan na comparator ngayon diba. Siya may nagatanda yung e-mation alien na nagusuhang. Wow, the blue eyes and square face. Sabi ng awak magha, magha, insanila ng ayunaka inin. Kasi kung pinitimusari niyong motas ng isusuhong mo lang dinaman. Sa mga pata, you need to guidance on that aspect lang naman. Kung manimabut, niyong nang pagita mo sa anumun sa kanila. Siya kami, kung yung aksung ka naman niya. Kung mo baha, kung personalityag mo yung karakter mo. Pagita mo naman ayos. Kung may manigal sa karakter mo, karakter mo ay hindi ka tanggap tanggap ng iba, na ang pag-jing musa media, pag-jing mosa politit, siya isma dumay. Gami-mim personal din manan tama. Tapas ng nang diskotong nangayon. Interesting at approach. Now world-pagyans sabi ng ala naman. Baklakan naman, dikat naman straight. Siya, bico dingyun. Ibu superman naman yung mga kokositen de street, kasi aayun yan siya, so ba ba mo lang underburn niyong baha paglabas niya posit? Pintang paayat. Isay yung sa papayborit, kung faniit, squit. Is the part ng movie ng superman one. Mung first appearance niya na maki-change costume siya to parkant to superman. I love kaya yung may yung wakay. Ya. I am the partner in life of her bridge have as a part. It's not just a partner, it's a best friend, a colleague, and sometimes an aunt. Oh, to deny that. It's considered a real life superman. Kasi, he gives me power. Oh, that's so sweet. Power to be a woman. What is? To be free, to have the freedom, to accept who's gonna tell that to me. And I think that's the power of being a Philippine superman. It's the beginning of the day. It's a great day. It's been a while since we started working. What's your word on? Collecting one of the charity, one of the national tasks. It's my support in with regards to what is the best. What is the best? What are the best? Water, palo kits, what are you doing? What are you doing? You're doing a lot of work, you're doing a lot of work, you're putting it on. And you're putting it on. Oral. It's like, you know, you're doing a lot of work. I'm just doing a lot of work because of sponsors. I'm just doing a lot of work. Okay, sorry if it gets a little bit loud. It started pouring outside. So if there's any noise, apologies for that. The physical appearance in time will change. But the goodness and the greatness of the heart will always remain forever. The first long as you have the impact on your life, then they will definitely remember you. They will send you a voice. Yes. To be honest, you have a superman who is a good person. Oh. You have a superman who is a good person. As a chavison. As a herpric chavison. Okay, something that I want to say is, it's not what you say to people. It's about how you make them feel. And in that case, I see there's a lot of kindness coming from a Pinoy Superman. So could it still him for spreading some good vibes and just sharing his passion with others? I feel that in Philippine, there's a legend like that. It should be very proud of. No. It's your homegrown heroes that you do proud in an international platform. I want to make it great. It's like you're not going to regret it. Because if you don't have a husband, I don't have a husband in the present. I'm not going to regret it because we are going to be friends. I'm sure that the reason I'm going to be friends with him is that Philippine Superman, the superman of our country, is going to be able to live in a house or a house. It's not just that he's going to be a superman. Of course, I want to be friends with him and at the end of my life, being a superman, I want to be a superman, for the journey that I will be able to live in. For us, the experience of the city that I'm going to be responsible for is really our Philippine Superman. Wow. What a greatness comes! Great responsibility! Love it! An interesting video, an interesting character would love to meet him when I'm in Manila or in Kalamba or close by. I'd love to do also a collab video on Nellie's life. Maybe you'll see. If you know this gentleman, let me know. Maybe I can meet him. But yeah, I heard there is this character from the Philippines called Darna and it's like the Philippine version of one woman. So I was even thinking about dressing up as Darna for Halloween or maybe for a video, just for fun, so yeah. So interesting. I'm so blown away. Let me know in the comment section down below what you think of the Filipino Superman and if you know any other characters like him, just leave me a recommendation in the comment section and I'll react to that video as well. And I hope you enjoyed this. I hope you were blown away as I was, detained and learned something new. And I'll see you guys next time here on... What's up Philippines? Bye-bye!