 The Philippines, home is some of the most beautiful islands in the world. And some of the most amazing food and culture you'll ever experience. It's also home to the most friendly, humble, Filipino people that live day by day with smile on their faces, regardless of the challenges they may face. As a Filipino American, they grew up in the USA. I wanted to humble myself and experience what life is like living like a Filipino in poverty. The goal is one month living in the Philippines province on a 200-pacel with day budget, which is $4 USD. I must live like a Filipino in experience every day just like my ancestors used to live and still living to this day. So join me on this new journey of becoming a true Filipino. I'm not. As you can see, this is going to be my home for the next 30 days. So right here, we're going to open up this box, we're going to assemble everything. And then, you can see the camera. After this, after we assembled this box, we're going to show you exactly how I'm going to be living for the next 30 days. So right now, we just got the tarp. And this is it, guys. I'm going to basically show you province lifestyle, barunga lifestyle, you know, Philippines lifestyle vlog. So I'm going to show you all the basics on how Filipinos live on a budget. And I'm also going to show you interactions with local Filipinos, what we eat, just the culture. And I'll explain to you guys why I'm going to be doing this in later videos. But as of right now, let's go get this tent set up. And I'm going to show you my new home. Peace. Our guys, after two and a half hours of constant fights and not knowing what we're doing, here's the result. Well, it's not the final result. It's like 95% done. What we're doing, we're just going to put the hooks and then pound it. Kind of what we did right here. But yeah, here's the, here's the tent. I believe this fits eight to 12 people. Let me open up this roof. Yeah, this fits eight to 12 people. And here you go. You get a little sneak peek. You can open that inside. And should have two bedrooms in there. So we're going, we're going to customize it how we want it. But I'm not going to customize it too much because if I customize it too much, that's the, it's like defeating the purpose of trying to humble myself and you know, try to live as low budget as possible. So that's, that's what we're right now. So right now, this is, this is what's going to be for 30 days, 30 days. And then I'll get into all the details. But yeah, right now, we're just going to finish up this tent. And then we're going to go get some dinner. I'll take you guys with me. So just stay tuned for that. Aglias. All right, guys, quick one, quick one, 147 am update. I look crazy. For all it's crazy. All right, quick one, 47 am update. We finally got done with this tent. This shit took way too long. How long does it take us? Probably five hours. No, not five, three hours. It took us like two hours for the tent and then like three hours for the excess. No, not three hours, like two hours, four hours. Four hours in total. So guys, we go show you the updated tent. So I'm going to be staying here for one month. So I'm going to show you guys what we have so far. Keep in mind, guys, keep in mind, this can all change throughout the month just as it right now. Damn, he double teeming me. What? Just saw down, saw down the line. All right, so let's go to the tent. Let's go to the tent. So we added some LEDs. We got some battery in there. We got some battery LEDs. Let's go in. We in the tent now. As you guys can see, we got our beds right here. Show the beds now on the light. These are two double beds. A double size bed. Yeah, you could fit two double size beds, which is basically like a giant mattress. It's like two or three. Now do a front flip. Why would I do it front flip? Do a quick front flip. You do it. Here, I'll get you on. Try a roll, try a roll, try a roll, quick roll. Quick roll. Just a show. If I break this tent. All right, I told you guys this is huge bed. So let's get to our accessories. So this over here, guys, is going to be our kitchen area. We're going to have like food, you know, dishes, and then we also got toothpaste. They're only two sided up. It's not done yet. But I don't know why you have toothpaste here, because you don't even brush your teeth. Coming from you, you don't brush it every day. You brush it every day. Let's cat. That's not right. I'll show my teeth right now. So they can see. All right, all right. So now we got our table, this table. We probably going to get a bigger table. We might put it outside though. But for now, we're trying to just save some space. So it's plenty spacing here, guys, as you guys can see. I think you can fit two double bed in here too. Yeah, you could fit two double beds, but I don't know. I think we're going to use this as like a maybe put a couch. Yeah, it's like a living room, I guess. You could say it's a living room. So yeah, we got our table. We can put food here. We can eat there. And then yeah, so that's basically it for now. We got some. Yeah, rechargeable lights. These are key because you're going to need some electricity at nighttime. And these last like six hours, so we'll be good with that. Buzz it, don't. Yeah, it's kind of cheap, but we'll see. Like I said, we just learning like we might get better. We might, you know, we might fold. So we'll see. But yeah, that's the quick update. I'll see you guys tomorrow morning. I'll let you know how our first day in this tent went. Yeah, it's like to it. So I'll let you guys see how this day went. And then tomorrow, we got some. What are we going to do tomorrow? I don't know. I'll figure it out. Probably start a fire or something. Oh, we need. Yo, we need one to be in the vlog. We need. We need. That's we need. She's a street dog. Street dog, but we feed her as well. So I'll see you guys in the morning. Oh, we need one to come in. No, she not coming in. She's so dirty and smelly. Damn. What's that? What's mama girl? All right, guys, we go see you in the morning. Peace.