 Alright guys welcome back welcome back we are here in Loco Loco River We are going to be doing the floating restaurant cruise we are going to be cruising up the river and hopefully enjoy the buffet But yeah this is our first time here we just trying to experience the floating restaurant It took us about 45 minutes from the city Tagbilaran city We made it into this building here to pay for the trip I guess These are the tickets to the floating restaurant and also a postcard The fee is 800 per person and that includes everything that I ever close and also the buffet up there We are currently heading to the boat now and they have a welcoming music in front of us Wow You have to dance Dance and all the way Nice How cool is that This is good Alright alright Third gate for Alright They told us to go to the gate for There we have another one cruising up the river now probably it's going to stop somewhere around there This is the balcony area the deck area Cedric bro how is it? Excellent We have a lot of rivers like this back at home but people Many of us have rivers and a much more wider than this Probably cleaner than this People don't have the idea to do this now That's the thing If you are in Papua New Guinea watching this guys we have a lot of potential We have a lot of potential with tourism and stuff but it's just that people don't have the idea Some of you did a video from some of your film Some of our films are from some of us So as you can see guys this is a river It's probably a stable river where the current doesn't really flow fast So they didn't know who came up Someone just came up with the opportunity to do this floating restaurant stuff and you see they are treating a lot of people up to come here and and enjoy the ride along the river and the food on board here this is pretty amazing Hi ma how are you? ok, good, good how are you? good, good, good how are you? we live in Si Bu we live in Si Bu that's why we are going to the movies everyone is standing on a line up trying to get food you guys do this everyday? people come here everyday? yes sir roughly how many guests do you get in the day? we can pick up about 500-600 so they can do it before the pandemic? before the pandemic? yes, 2000 wow, that's huge so they get the food that is free now everyone is ready now, everyone comes here first but those who are already here, they come for the sport but today we have the schedule they have the appour of the outdoors and the schedule today, the local river will be the first street and the second is Amorec Cuisine the next day and they have a ban they actually have a ban on board too not really a full ban, but the star costs the set we got our food here guys this is what I got make it go a lot of rice rice boy, right? rice is rice rice is life rice is life so yeah guys, this is a buffet so we can go and serve again as many rounds as we could we are about to cruise upstream sir sir, he is going to be the one to cruise the boat upstream we are currently moving guys we are moving now we are moving now we are currently moving guys we are moving now we are moving now we are cruising upstream now we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise we are going to cruise look at this, we are cruising up the stream on the right on the right on the right on the right on the right on the right on the right we got a beautiful waterfall here we got a beautiful waterfall here we got a beautiful waterfall here where are you from? United States United States What's the YouTube channel? We are launching next week we are starting a post here We are not having a long post here down below. Okay, it's about to start off this channel, right? Yes, it's Danny and Pressys Road 2 Forever. Are you married here? No, this is my girl here. Oh, Pressys so high. Hi, this is my name. So I'm here on vacation to spend time with her a month here. All right. And we've been separated because of the pandemic. Oh yeah. And now we're not separated at least for this month. And we're gonna get married sometime after the first year. Oh, congratulations. Congratulations. I love the Philippines. We should live here too. I live in Singapore. Oh, so you're already living here. Okay, we're turning around here now. We're about to go back. Go downstream. We're gonna watch what's in the water. We're about to live in a nice view at the back of Dyson Terry. How do you find this place? It's beautiful. It's relaxing in nature. What's this? Wow! It's so much Ooooookey! Yeah That's it Ah, it's a moooooosie Bubba Booboo Booboo It's alright, it's alright It's alright, it's alright Booboo is out In this cock I can play an NFL Oh yeah Look, he's vlogging me or I'm vlogging here Yeah, everybody's vlogging We're exchanging That's why We've got a better music up here We've got a better music on board Oh noo Listen to the ball Go through Oh yeah Yeah Bye Hey, hey We got a better music up here We got a better music up here We got a better music up over here Oh noo Listen to the ball Listen to the ball We had to back up the boat here. We've got a toilet right here. Here's the toilet. It's pretty cool. The toilet is pretty cool. The boat is pretty cool. We have toilet on board. This is beautiful, guys. Beautiful. We are currently down stream going, down stream here. People are here taking pictures for Instagram. They gave us some sun-mig live beer here. Oh, this is for the show. All right. Hey, no, no, hey. There's 100 pesos for you. What are you doing? Take off your shoes. I think this is not perfect. It's scary though. It's a bit scary how they missed it. Came to the side of the boat. This is the flim and fins people. How beautiful is that? There was a nice experience. Lobo griva and people of Lobo. We're having us here. We had a great experience. Guys, what can you say about this place? What can you say about this place? Fantastic, son. Fantastic. Fantastic. That's a great time. How about you, Mikey? It's beautiful. It's beautiful, it's true. So, this is still playing music here. Thank you. It's like a Mexican band. Oh, my papa is in a good mood. My papa is in a good mood. For now, we're probably going to drive to the Zip Line. Hopefully, we're not going to be late. Driving there. Hopefully, we're going to arrive in time there. So, we can vlog around there. There's enough sunlight for us to vlog around there. And come back, we'll make it back until the city in time.