 We arrived in Milan! In Milan! In Milan! 2.30 in the morning! There's still time! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! We're home to sleep! Good morning everyone! Welcome to another vlog! Yesterday we came from Copaña to Suratani We spent the night here And today we are taking our journey to our sixth country, the Philippines To get there, we need to take a flight from Suratani to Bangkok And then wait for a little while and get another flight from Bangkok to Manila We arrived at the Suratani airport And I found the same coffee that I always drink at home Rita didn't want one We already had two this morning And it's 8.30 This is my third coffee But I couldn't resist I really needed a coffee like the one that I always drink back home And finally after three months After three months I'm getting one Lovely! Now we are waiting for our flight And it's still like one An hour away? No So we still have to wait a little bit Let's enjoy our coffee At least my coffee So we just landed in Bangkok And now we need to go to the other airport Because the other flight, the parts from there Yeah, so we need to find the transfer From this airport to the other one in Bangkok And we still have like 10 hours to wait For our next flight So I think we have time to get From one airport to the other Without losing our flight to Manila We got our bags Now we are waiting for the free shuttle To the other airport And we just missed the one And 11 so we need to wait for the one in Bangkok It takes one hour to get there And now we have to wait That's it! At least it's free Yeah, it's totally free So if you ever come to Bangkok And you need to go from one airport to the other The shuttle is free That's nice 4-2 gate free Listen A few moments later Time to go We are waiting for the bus to depart And the next airport We are going to take us one hour to get there Minrita are seating separately Because we have a lot of room in the bus There are not that many people here They are going to take this space all to ourselves Many more people come We will sit together If not, we will stay like this We are going to take a few hours to get there And then we will go to the other airport And then we will go to the other airport And then we will go to the other airport And then we will go to the other airport And then we will go to the other airport And then we will go to the other airport We are going to take some hours Just waiting and basically working Now it's time for us to go and do our check-in Checking our luggage Our flight up delayed one hour What's new, right? Yeah, let's get going Let's get going Thank you And now we've checked in our luggage And we are ready to go to the Philippines Yeah, just need to pay security And wait for our flight It's delayed one hour and twenty minutes So we are going to arrive 2 a.m. Something like that 2 to 30 a.m. So Yes And tomorrow we will have the whole day To explore Manila With two or three hours of sleep Probably We are done with security Now we just need to wait for the plane So in the meantime we are going to eat something And finish some work that we have to do What are we having for dinner? We are eating chicken And we are having dinner And we are having dinner And we are having dinner And we are having dinner And we are having dinner And we are having dinner And we are having dinner And we are having dinner And we are having dinner And we are having dinner So Yes And we are having dinner And we are having dinner Ok You arrived in Manila Backer Manila Manila To 13th st Udığir There's some fire I want sleep Our bags are here!