 we talk time babe we're testing Good morning everyone! Welcome back to Archan! We are in Palompa on this morning. Look at this such amazing weather today. We are going where, baby. We are going to Kalangaman Highway. We are going to take Bella for the first time to Kalangaman. We are so excited. We are just arrived yesterday. We tried actually yesterday to go to Kalangaman, but there was no more boat because we arrived a bit late. This time we are on time. It's 5.30 in the morning. Really beautiful weather. I'm so excited. Let's just go there. So my friends, we are here in the main plaza of Palompa. There is the office of the tourism where you need to do the process for starting your tour. You need to register in advance. They don't accept the walking. So you need to make sure to book a day prior or to book online. It's really important also to come really early morning if you want to do the tour. They tour sharing so with other people because if not you need to rent your own boat. The minimum price for the private boat is 4,500 pesos. If you are a big group, I think it's not a big deal. For example, for us that we are only three, we need to share the boat with other people and you need to make sure to take our boat because if you arrive like yesterday, that we arrive around 830. There was no more other tourist that was going to the island and we wasn't able to go. Luckily, it's really an amazing day also today. I think it will be a really sunny day because there are really few clouds. Look at the sky. Now we are waiting the tourist and we will go. Actually, look at the weather. The weather is discovering all around. It's really nice. We just walked up early and we said let's go to the beach. I got to go and walk up. Before leaving for Kalangaman, we are here now at the Palompa. We are at the beach that is working from the tourism also. We are here at the market for buying food and drinks because there is nothing in the island. There is some people drinking already or doing breakfast. Look at this. From beach. Here is all the market. And there there is the church. Look at right now. So nice the lights. There are doing the mass already. 5-13 in the morning. Look at my friends, we need to pay these fees. 650 plus 900. And we go. The Mamier city is a really huge boat. There are many others now. People are starting to come on top of the boat and we will eat. Safety first. Look at the bell. It's bigger than the bell. It's bigger than the bell. It's fine. It's okay. Okay. Here is the briefing. We are finally leaving the port. It's now 7.15 in the morning. I checked the tide and we need to make sure the tide will start at 1 pm. So first we have to get the battery. We need to make sure the tide will start at 1 pm. So first we have to get the battery. And here we go in the Kalangaman Island. Look at the beautiful colors. It's so nice here. Amazing. Bella wants to go down the river. It's okay. It's beautiful. Look at the beautiful colors. It's amazing. Bella wants to go down the river. It's okay. It's beautiful. Look at the earth. Such a amazing paradise. It's quite a really windy day today. But always like this is in Kalangaman. We are now trying to go at the end of the sandpark. Bella is here excited with mommy. Let's go. Let's go. This is one of the longest sandpots I ever seen in my life. We are trying to reach the end of the sandpark. We are almost at the end. We are in Bella's there. Here are all the corals actually. While it's really sandy over there, here it's all coral. I think Bella is a good one because it's so beautiful. Look how amazing it is today. The colors are really amazing. I don't remember to have seen anything like these in other parts of the Philippines. The colors are really beautiful here in Kalangaman. I tried to recall a place where the colors of the sea are so blue like these. But I really can't. It's something really amazing. Maybe only in the area of Lena Fakan there was color similar like this. In the area of Palawan North of Palawan. Really incredible. So this is the ticket of the entrance. And here is the cottage of Lomami. Bella is doing breakfast with this amazing view. Look at the colors. They are really incredible. A lot of kuyos from the island. We have actually moved the cottage from there to here. This one because there are many ants in the town. Bella is not doing breakfast over here. Olga, look at the view. It's really amazing also from this cottage. They provide also all these chairs. Actually our son and the mother, the mother was following us. We just met at the port. So we are sharing all the cottage today. Bella is so happy today here in this beautiful island. Now let's go around. Let's discover a bit. It's the first time of Bella actually. We actually came here exactly for this reason. Because we wanted to show Kalangaman to Bella. Because we don't know when we will come back in this area of the Philippines. Look at Bella running around the island alone. More you call her more showy runaway. Bella. Today she is so happy. I am so glad that today we are here with an amazing day. Because actually we arrived yesterday. And yesterday around lunchtime started to rain. But today I don't think we will rain because there are really no clouds all over. Look at Bella. Here we are entering also the mangrove. These are mangroves. The beautiful things of this island is that in six years. Because the first time we came in this island was around six or seven years ago. It didn't change much. Actually nothing. There is just a pavilion. It's really basically as was before. Yes, Amore. What is it? Did you see Puffin Rock? Where is Puffin Rock? Run, run, run, run. Oh, Lafayr. Look at baby Bella. She is ready to swim. You are so cute. Amore. Okay, we are ready to swim. I am so excited to look at the color today as really amazing. Let's see how we will react underwater in the sea. Because until now we are testing the pool. And now we will see also with the current of the sea if we will be the same or different. Okay, let's turn on the sudnado. And let's dive. Here we go. We are ready. It's so fun, baby. We did it. Yeah, you can't imagine. It's amazing. Watch the vlog dedicated to this because it's really cool. This is the underwater scooter. Amore. Come, come, come, come, come, Puffin, come, Puffin. You are beautiful. You are so beautiful, Amore. Today is a really lucky day. The weather is amazing. There is no clouds in the sky. Yesterday actually was raining. Today is a blessed day. It was really destined to be here today. It is a blessed day. It's a swimming pool. It looks like almost a sea. You're both cute and highly satisfied. It is aLef. The skiing Insider is sheltered by its Ukrainian Brasil in the evening. Go on you, guys, take a look. I hope the sun will stay dry anyway. There is that degree of review and I amforme on the northern coast of China. I will be right back on the top of the sea. There are forums in orbit around the middle of China. with the why do the subnado the underwater scooter is really so much fun I suggest to all the people that love water activities not only for snorkeling but also of course for scuba diving for free diving today I tried only for snorkeling because the area is the scuba diving area but we don't have the equipment so I just tested today here in the sea but we will look for it for sure for trifles so scuba diving and free diving. okay my friends is now 2 pm it's time to go really beautiful weather today there ain't been a camp but I think we're going to face it right now because look at the rain is quite strong okay let's go actually better last leap it's time to go back to our mook we are back from Kalangaman we are in Palompa in the little village we end up in a really nice place and I'm going to show you right now the weather is so beautiful look at it I've just stopped to rain we are in a surges resort look at the weather right now it's really amazing we didn't expect this weather because in the in the boat was raining quite a lot we have so the dual thing really beautiful the experience and look at the sky right now incredible really really wonderful and I can't help but feeling just loving this moment can we say here forever