 Hey guys, welcome back to another GCRE Act. Today we have another food related reaction video. We are so hungry. We've been sat here filming videos for like the last hour or two. Lunch is very nearly ready, so if you have any of them finished, we'll have lunch. I feel like we said that in all of these videos we filmed today, but we'll have it soon. If our faces are like this watching this, that just means we're hungry. That's all it is. Today we've got top five quirky Filipino food habits and traditions that only Filipinos will get. Maybe we'll get them too. I was going to say we're Filipino now. We might not, we're not Filipino, but we live in the Philippines. We're not Filipino. We're not Filipino. We are Filipino but heart. I don't know if you can even say that. Well, I feel like I am. Okay, we spend a lot of time in the Philippines. We live here, we travel the Philippines a lot. We fill up, we understand the culture. But this might be deeper, this might be more subtle. Yeah, definitely. Only Filipinos will get. This is a full test to find out. Okay, this is going to be a lot of the side. Okay, are you ready? Wait, before we begin, if you've got any other reaction requests, please head over to our Instagrams, we'll link them below, thank you. And you can send us a little DM there with a link to the video or the name of the video and we'll try to be able to react to it. And also if you like daily vlog style videos, we've got our main channel called the GC vlog. Please go and subscribe for that as well. I mean a lot to us. Definitely, obviously. There's more that in the description below as well. So we're going to go with this one. Are you ready? I'm ready. You walk in or you're the fastest at a beach and regardless of how much you eat, somebody's just going to be there going at you like, like, like literally that's my experience living in the Philippines. Hi, my name is Chris here and I'm telling you the story of Filipino food online. Can I get a class today? And today's subject of course is Filipino food habits and quirks that you may not be familiar with. Interesting. It's fantastic. It's a very giving food culture. They always want to make sure that that's true. Kapit Bahainila, Yung Frenila is also eating food, right? So it's a very generous culture. Even if it's a total stranger, you're not at the family celebration. You just walk along, you see somebody eating. They're going to be like, guy in. They're going to invite you to eat their food. And of course, they're secretly hoping that you're not going to walk out and be like, yeah, I don't know you, but thanks for the chicken mate. They're secretly hoping you say, no, I'm super hot. Like I'm actually already full. Oh, is that right? Something like that. That's what you're going to be like. Let's be right. But culturally you have a lot of people. You should offer a total stranger. You have to offer to share your food. So we should never accept it. Except for the four of us. We're like, yes, please. We're really hungry. And it was a really cool song about this. I believe, Mikey Boostos did this. This is about when there's one piece of food remaining. And Filipinos will literally fight another before eating the last piece. Now this one's great for me because he said that you had, well, I just take the jai hippies. Yeah, I said it. I just take the one of the hippies. I'm like, this is fantastic. It's like they're leaving one. I always get full of it. Whoever has the least shame, let's meet back the jai hippies. But the idea is it's like everybody's stupid like to want to take the jai hippies. So they'll say to each other like, you know, cool in your na, naka hiya npa ako, you take it, you have it. And then I'm like, yep. So some examples of this. OK, if you know, giving us something, it comes to food. It's walking. Or you're at a family celebration. And regardless of how much you eat, somebody's just going to be there going at you like, gankapa, gankapa, gankapa. Like literally that's what I'm saying. It's living in the Philippines. It's not quite like CIA waterboarding equivalent, but it's like one step removed from literally having it rammed down your throat. Which is great. But sometimes you just like, so what about, OK, I've got to meet the room. That's this kind of tradition that the Philippines is when it comes to food. And today I'm going to bring my top five Filipino quirky food habits and traditions for you guys. So the first one that we're going to talk about today is the tradition of kamayan. Oh, so we do what he started. It's from the word. I was going now. Kamayan is a practice of eating food with your hand. And I love kamayan. I think some of you guys will love that. We love that, see. A lot of time, grow up in Indonesia. I think it's a nice kamayan. And I think it makes the food taste better. And most Filipinos agree it makes the food taste better. Now, from a scientific or chemical basis, I don't think you could say the food literally tastes better. But I think it's something about your ability to like better craft the perfect morsel at the time from your ula and the perfect amount of rice sauce, the nice bit of fish, whatever, and get it all in one go and get it into your mouth. So I think you have more control maybe than using utensils. The fact that I was always thought right is to bowl up your food a little bit, bowl up your rice, get some sauce on it. And then you have like your bowl here and then your thumb is like the shovel and you do this bang with the thumb and that's just going to push the food into your mouth. So that's the technique, if anyone watching especially status, who is used to only eat thing with fork and spoon, you might want to try this at home. Now this is obviously an ancient tradition that's then back to before utensils were widely available and in the Philippines, it does sometimes can be seen as denoting somebody's socioeconomic status. For example, very wealthy people would rarely be seen engaging in kamayan and it's something that you would see a lot more in the province. I practice. We're not like an island trying to chop something up. I'm not supposed to spit your food in your mouth. Yeah. Who is the wick of my hand? I think it makes me feel much better. I think if my hand loads it. I'm not all out of this. There's a bowl and you're trying to get all the delicious bits. It's so much better here. Yeah, it is. It's like a bone staff and the ribs and wings. So try to find out if you haven't already. And there's something for a bit involved. Yeah, there's something that's fiber having rice and like boiling it up in your mouth. It's like they're at the table. So it's fiber eating. It's on the wrong order. It's on the sauces. Number four. Oh yeah, we've done this a lot of times. Really? Because they would say that, oh, you didn't like the taste that I cooked that with. That's what you and I cooked a lot of things. Like this would be the food I can eat. You can only cook, you can only cook chocolate. So what you can do here is you have your sauce on the labels. So maybe you're tooyomancy or your liver sauce if you're having lecchan or just a lot of it. That was like a fancy of that. It doesn't make a義 with that. It does not make a difference. It does not make it taste like it was a food I've cooked. that is that you actually complete the meal according to your own taste. So you get to customize the meal right at the time of eating it. Yeah. It's like the addition of sour, more sweet, more sweet. You remember in the kids' house and the chicken oil. And it's all open. And it's full of it is whole play and it's so much. It's so cut. My mouth is so oily. It's for them, which is actually a really cool part of Philippine cooking. I mean, this is more customizable than a lot of the Western tradition where it's like I made a pot of stew and put in a bowl for you if you don't like it. That's it. Not changing it. And you're only opt for this. Friends anymore. It's true that when you're in a Western American. So that one is really good. Yeah. The spice is the vinegar. It's very sour, so on that I've made. So you can actually go and look at the range of Philippine sour, so on that's out there. And which ones work with what types of food and so on. So you can get the perfect bite every time. Number three on my list of interesting Filipino food habits is those food combinations that Filipinos like to do where they take two things that individually taste pretty good. But together you'd never think to eat them. Oh, listen to this a bit. Together and somehow it works. So some examples of that would be like champurrado, which is chocolate rice porridge with dried. I've made champurrado recently and people were like get the dry official top, but I can't get I've never tried that. We've done that. Us Westerners that does sound like a bit of a clash. Really unusual. We've had that actually. Yeah, that was good. It's nice salty sour effect. So this is something that Filipinos are really widely known for. So it's wonderful. I know that great. I can't get my head around that. Great experiment. But we should try. Yeah. If you really understand the history of Filipino food and how it evolved stems from literally being impacted from all corners of the world, from Western Europe, Central America, from China, from the Malay. I love what these videos you learn so much like America more. Now that we can't travel, it's actually cool that we can watch stuff like this. Because we can still learn stuff that's been banged together in the Philippines. That I think this just doesn't feel weird at all to Filipinos that you would pair stuff like that the way it does for countries with a much more homogenous culinary tradition. So I think it's actually a really cool part of eating in the Philippines. And if you want to check out more weird and wacky Filipino food combinations, we got a video on that. All right, so the next Filipino food habit. The eat all you can table. Oh, food or fight kind of thing. Maybe. I'll let it go. I'll let it go. Nothing. Like family dining rules in Filipino dining. You put everything out on the table and people just eat it in whatever order they want. In Western culinary traditions, you normally have a very clear course. This is the advertiser and then this is the next. That's true. That's true. You don't get like start to main desserts. Not really. You'd see that this is that out with the main. That's very, very, very easy to. You have like a side dish. How small of that? I've definitely noticed it. And it makes me so. You can't go to me now. Maybe we're like adjusting. Because. So what I'm telling you, George. It's been paired to like a particular dish. But this is a full culture where there are no rules. There's no order to eating. So I like that. I like the way it's a wine domain. I want to like a islandy lunch. I think looking at prawns that. I have jackfruit. You'll have savory. You'll have lychee, flan. Or grass of the remise. There's something like this. Something table. And then it's like you need to put out 12 of the jinnies. The flair to it. And you have to have 12 glasses. Because every time you change the dish, you need a different wine for it. So I think that's one of the issues Philippine has had with learning how to enjoy wine as well. Which is an interesting consequence from this really eclectic food culture that we've got here. So that all you can eat table that's normally served in a home setting. Having a buffet in the Philippines is like a surefire way to lose money. Because Philippine is just going to just smash your buffet, take all the high-value items. There's not many successful buffets here. They're all one or two. But it's a tough game. There's a good one here in BGC. But we have a beach here. We'll be telling you it's good. That's where you go into Philippine, or Katan, the area. And instead of eat all you can from a table, there's some portion control there. But still offers an eclectic range. So they'll have like 10 different things to choose from. And you just point at what you want. And they're going to give you one sort of that. But it's all on the same plate. It's all mixed together. The sauces are all running together and mingling. So something more sour, something more savory. And they just all mix and come together. And the last one on my list today is, of course, food or fight. My favorite. This is what I'm talking about. I think this is starting together. You love it starting around the world. But this is a lot of concept. You get a true banana. Chicken. And you're just going to like a layer of bunch of rice on that. And then you're going to put some moulin around it. And this is something that everybody can just grab at. It's a communal plate and it's come out in style. So some people will probably argue that hygiene aspects of that have literally eaten from the same communal plate with your hands. But this is a food tradition that's stemmed with the Philippine military academy. And we normally just on the island or something. We've all been in the sea like this. We feel like the saltwater cleans your heart and stuff. So Philippine or the other units in the province. And I have personally just made that myself. Maybe a group and we have eaten come out in style. She's having some time. She's having some time. It's almost the truth. I have to wait for the officer or the private. Everybody is the same when it comes to brutal fight. Everybody is off the same plate. Now, of course, the sort of military experience has been taken and adapted to civilian dining experiences as well. So you're starting to see more brutal fight in vistas, in the Philippines. And it's also becoming a bit of a novelty dining experience. I'm aware now at NYC that you can get brutal fight experience. $50 each was an end. Yeah. We watched that video. It's so expensive. Interesting thing in one of the world's most cosmopolitan cities to be able to have like a Filipino brutal fight. Hey, New Yorkers, you can come here and sort of do that for about a 100th of the price here in the Philippines. Yeah. Yeah. Make your own in the province here. And people do see it as a really cool bonding experience between a group. So the food that's going to be served on a brutal fight. The only thing that's compulsory really is the rice. But you would typically do things that are grilled. Remember, you're typically eating this quite a primitive setting, right? You're in the jungle. So you probably don't have caldera. Lots of different things to make sauces. So brutal fight is most often done with things that can be very easily cooked over fire. Or in a fairly raw form or simple steaming only. So think like grilled pork chops or grilled fish or smoked fish that's just been brought and looks at it. So the brutal fight, it might be sort of some seaweed or simple green vegetables like kanko, maybe lightly steamed, maybe not. Things like it, like, are not my alat, which obviously you can carry those. It's a salted egg. So that's preserved as a long shelf life. You just crack them open at them, right? So it's fairly simple fear, which is consistent with the origins of how brutal fight came to be. That photo there is a huge one. So look how many fish are on the bottom. That would feed so many people. You see that? Whether you're in the Philippines or not in the Philippines. So, Marlacabano, what did you think about today's top-by Filipino food habits? Cool. To be aware of. Please leave a comment below with anything that I need. We definitely, I knew all of them, I think. Yeah, see, I told you just. That makes me feel good. It makes me feel like we've... That's blitzed. And immersed ourselves in Filipino culture. That was a really good video. So thank you so much for watching today. Please give it a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Subscribe for the channel if you're new and we'll see you in the next... The juicy way out. Goodbye. Goodbye.