 It's Ni-san-chan! Yuma-nau! My name is Banju-Bita! Three, four, three, four! Today we will react to 40 reasons. The Philippines is the difference from the most open world. World. This Corona is really good. Because we are Japanese and it's difficult to do. Corona is world. World. Yeah. Yeah. Every time I go to the Philippines, I feel like there is like a lot of difference between Japan and the Philippines. And sometimes our habit is so different. And I'm so curious what is different between Japan and the Philippines. So today we are going to react to 40 reasons. The Philippines is the difference from the list of world. World. You like world. Yeah. Before watching this video, please subscribe. Please subscribe to my Instagram. Sayuri Japan. Let's go! Okay. This is an original video. Sayuri. Yeah. Yes! Let's watch it! Oh! So beautiful. Oh! There is a country where over 175 languages are spoken. People text more than anywhere else in the world and boxing fights directly influence crime rate. Yeah. It sounds pretty much unbelievable, but it's all true in the Philippines. 14. There are more than 175 spoken languages. Yeah. I know. I know. When I go to Manila, they speak like Tagalog, right? But when I go to Seville, I realize that language is different from Manila. And they spoke Tagalog. Yummy is masalab in Tagalog, but in Seville, they say yummy. Yummy. Yummy. Yeah. So different. I heard some Filipino people cannot speak Tagalog. Really? Yeah. We had Japanese right? And we just speak Japanese. Yeah. But almost Filipino can speak so many languages like English, Tagalog, Seville, and all. Genius. Genius. There are two official languages in the Philippines. Filipino based on Tagalog and English. The Philippines are number five on the list of the world's top English-speaking populations after US, India, Pakistan, and New York. The diverse linguistic groups living in the country use over 175 languages for their internal communication since many of them exist only in spoken form. President. President. He's a cop. He's a cop. Their capital is the most densely populated city in the world. This makes the population density equal to 111,000 to 2 people per square mile. And that's five times higher than in Mumbai or Paris, for example. 12. They have churches and shopping malls. Shopping malls aren't merely a place where you buy stuff from. Hi. Hi. I love Filipino malls because it's so big like Tokyo Disneyland. You have never been to Filipino shopping malls. I have been to Tokyo Disneyland. It's similar. It's really popular. It's really popular. It's really popular. Every time I bought it, I feel like I feel like I'm in a good mood. They are safe air-conditioned community hubs with gyms, health clinics, concert halls, nightclubs, parks, and even churches inside. Three of the world's 10 largest shopping malls are located in the Philippines. So, they are mega fashion malls of SM, mega malls, SM, Sinanorth, EDSA, and SM, Mall of Asia. 11. Filipinos are the number one texting nation in the world. I love it. I love it. It's the media. I really love it. Sometimes Japanese ignore messages, but in the Philippines, no. Like, once a month, if I ignore or I have meeting, they worry about me. And they call me. And I was so surprised. Ooh, so many techies think. I realized once a month, we are different. Why? You are so noisy. Sorry. You are typical Japanese fashion. I am a Filipino, I love Korean. I love Korean. But keep going. And when they can't see each other in person, always. Anyway, they send about $4 million in tax a day. We got so many US and Europe, but we don't get to ride. Exactly. I love Korea. I love Korea. I love Korea. I love Korea. We got so many things. They have a unique form of transportation. If you visit men of Korea, they will have some interesting looking people. And it's so cool. Philippines adapted that transport to different passengers. There are about 50,000 Chinese in the world. And they look good. Oh! Oh! It's so cool. Yeah, it's so cool. It's so cool. Yeah, it's so cool. Now, one of the islands has more volcanoes than town. Yeah. So, they are. I already wanted to have me down the group event, but it was cancelled because of volcano. In Manila, in Japan, it's not usually happening, right? Keep going. Among all the islands that are a part of it, Kamigin sure stands out. And more volcanoes per square mile than any other island on the planet. The island is 14 miles long and 8.5 miles wide and has 7 volcanoes and 5 times. And even though earthquakes and eruptions shaped it, volcanoes have been deep asleep since the beginning. So, thousands of tourists can safely visit the island these days. 8. Their national flag has a secret meaning. The additional flag of the Philippines has two bands of blue and scarlet. And a white triangle at the hoist with a yellow sun and eight rays. Each of them standing for one province of the country. The yellow star stand for the three largest island groups. Luzon, Visayas, and Mindenen. What makes the flag really unique is that it can be reversed to declare a state of war. Seven. Boxing directly affects crime rates in the country. Filipinos love boxing and are crazy about their most famous boxer, Manipackia. During his 12-round fight against American boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. that went from 9am to 3pm, 9am single crime was committed in the home and nila metropolitan area. Six. A lot of Filipinos work abroad. It might be because of the flexible and reliable character or the fact that they speak great publishes a second language. But more than 11 million Filipinos work abroad. Five. Their rice terraces are the eighth wonder of the world. But now a rice terraces are the oldest in the world. And we're so smartly deserving. We still bring our hardest to rice and vegetables, most of which get exported. Four. They produce a lot of coconuts. Four years of Filipinos have been the number one producer of coconuts in the world. Belongs to Mindenencia. 153,532,000 tons per year is still an impressive number. These coconuts are used to make any kind of clothing to beauty products. Three. The first European to visit the Philippines was Ferdinand Magellan. He founded the first settlement in Cebu and thus most of the area became a Spanish colony. Two. A Filipino made the first karaoke machine. The first karaoke machine in the world was created in 1975 by Roberto Del Rosario. He still remains the only bad holder for the karaoke system. One. The population is extremely good. Yeah, I know. There were four girls crowned Miss Universe, won Miss World, six title holders of Miss International, and four Miss Earth Crounds. The first official patch was held within the country in 1908. Don't forget to give this video a like, share it with your friends. Yes! There's 14 reasons and what is the most agreement. For me, English and karaoke and tech is thick. I have studied English in the Philippines twice. One is Badiot and second is Cebu. For me, I'm Sojira's because I have strong Japanese accent and... I know. I know. It's 40 reasons and almost I know, but I feel think I did not know. And I'm so happy to learn it. I have learned this one and I'm so glad. Oh! How was it? Yeah! Yeah! It's so funny! Yeah! Yeah! I love the Philippines! Yeah! Next I want to go to the Philippines more, right? If I were to see the Philippines, this movie became this TV. Because of me. Oh, I see! This TV, good, Philippines point. Oh! Oh, I'm tired. I'm tired. We cannot go to the Philippines right now, but we are so excited to go to the Philippines. Thank you so much for watching. If you like this video, please subscribe. And follow our Instagram number. Thank you so much. See you in the next video. Bye bye. Bye bye.