 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Fez and this is the commodity and today we were reacting to something really weird spider fighting i'm already itching spider fighting this was requested in the comments and i can't remember what video it was requested on So if you requested it let me know in the comments down below What country is this popular in if i knew what video it was on it would make more sense as to what country And if you guys understand the language then you would be able to let us know I guess what country this is in so let us know where this is at So let me just preface this with how big of an arachnophobic person i am that sounds That sounds very like cancel culture types of arachnophobic uh I have arachnophobia to the point like so i go out on my porch quite often But i need him to come out and kill up this epic girl I can't help it i have a huge fear of him it's like kill him though like when i go out there I go out there with the spray and i just spray them I'm not but it freaks me out even with them dying I'm like five feet away from it and i spray it. It's not like it's gonna get me I know but it just it throws me off like and i think that's like Where it like i know some people that are like i can't be close to the snake oh i hate spiders I love snubbi and snakes don't bother me you know they don't bother me either But people that are afraid of snakes don't want to even see spiders just they're creepy They don't scare me they're just oh they terrify me because it's the I mean i grew up with like watching arachnophobia and i think that's really where it got me I mean if i had a spider on me i'm gonna flick it off fast I want somebody to freak out or if somebody said you got a spider on your back I'm gonna slap my back real quick But you're making me think because i'm sitting here looking at a spider and i'm just like Guys before we hop it in this video gives us a thumbs up on the video so we can get it out to more people Because i would imagine you guys are gonna want to see this reaction Also if you enjoy this video subscribe to us Yes, please subscribe for this for this please subscribe This is gonna mess me up for the rest of the day Also guys if you want to help support the channel We truly appreciate it You can click the join button under this video. So let's go ahead and hop in and see how freaked out we can get fast Oh my gosh This is gonna be bad and thank you too and i get to edit this later. Whoever Sent this out to us How do you know what spiders are gonna fight each other? That's exactly what i was thinking i was like like because i've seen like like Dog fights you can like i mean mentally get them angry and riled up But you can't do that with a spider exactly So that's why i'm like oh my god I Don't freaking out look at this dude The guy equals spider Wow it's like a dog fight oh yeah So each one of them has their own Size spiders and they compare sizes to see who's opponent is who Just like chicken fighting Oh So do they do they keep their spiders like are these like their fighting spiders? That's yeah, I think they are and i wonder if they fight to the death I'm hoping they do matchups are done on here on the left hand side and the fights on the right hand side Yes When spider falls from the string twice Oh Like i wonder if the I wonder if it's like two different breeds that hate each other Or if they're two like females or something like that that they look like the same breed. Yeah, well I don't know anything about that because oh i feel stuff on my feet Oh That is insane What happens if they both both fall at the same time is it a reset? Whoever falls first He's wrapping oh my gosh Oh my gosh, I feel stuff all over me. Who'd be in a baby I'm gonna bet wait what was that okay, so this is pesos So this is i'm guessing because there's a lot of basketball jerseys and the Philippines are really popular with basketball But it also says if you see it Bentley and miss Bentley mouson and Korea that's me Well, maybe he's Korean or maybe that's just where he wants to move when he gets rich Oh Did these spiders not bite Which you want you want to bet over here over there Okay, I really bet That little kids just like the setup guy This is insane Oh Who would be in a baby I feel it like on my my legs and my feet It messes with me But It looks very fast This isn't saying this is such an insane Like sport This is It's Philippines Oh, did you see the Texas ship? Those do look like the same spiders we have on the balcony. Yeah, they do Gun Those ones on the balcony He's got a world mind yeah His spider never gives up Yeah, spiders taking that other spiders. Yeah I'm so nauseous right now That guy does not look happy It just gave up Yeah His spider does give up Why did it give up Why did it give up It's best Four You want 150 Out of five games He's so young they got 150 pesos for And they keep their spiders like these are These are their spiders that they're just like holding on to Take care Today's spider fighting It's fun That was awesome yeah Your words not mine So I'm kind of curious about this though So in the US cock fighting dog fighting all of those kind of things are really frowned upon Well, it's frowned upon any illegal in a lot of places because it's inhumane right So my question is is there but they fight to the death Well spiders might die it's a spider That's what I was about to ask Do are there people that think it's inhumane for spiders to fight the same way that a chicken and a dog fight I mean, I would think not Because I would let them fight and then the winner gets smashed and then the loser gets smashed Yeah, I would just sit there with like a spring ball killing them both And I understand that spiders have a huge role in Best control pest control and stuff like that. I accept that I'd rather have a fly than a spider in my house Yeah So I think it was a very interesting Uh, I mean, it was super intense. I'm not a spider person Uh, but I'm not that bad. I'm horrible. I hate spiders. I hate I'd definitely like to attend to one of these events. So I'm not gonna touch a spider I'm not gonna go to one, but I'd like to attend one I could imagine like Somebody's running with their thing of spiders and then they drop it in the air and like they trip and it just goes up in the air and then Hits me in the face and then all these spiders are just crawling on my face Nope, I'm good Let me know down in the comments if you're got like the skin crawls that like I do because like my legs right now are super like tingly and itchy like it feels like things are on them. Oh I hate it It drives me nuts If you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button. Oh If you want to see more of our videos, please hit the subscribe button. Oh With the ring-ending bell The ring bell the ring bell and then if you want to support us directly hit the join button He said join and with that being said my name is miles and my name is fast. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out