 My gun, I'm up on Gail, I see Arthur loon at the same day. There's a breening, EJs outside in the art plan. The breening was right and Coy James' bicycle saw just before I started the hip recorder, Ashrough, made sure she had permission. So I'm going to go over here and take a video of what he's accomplished over there. This will be his last day. That's the gentleman over there is taking out his boat. I'm sure if you can see it's kind of small over there. So there's some more cows. You can see the boat owes the tracks. I think to the art, he made several trips back there. Looks a lot better over here. We just got to pick up rocks and spray it everywhere now. And sometime in the next couple of days we'll probably be heading to Wilcon. I can go and purchase something lawnmower there before it gets sold. It's a push more. It's one of those long versions, lawnmowers. But it's got a comes with a bag and it has a safety cover over the shoot. So I'm going to have to worry about the time being. We'll be the blaze rock sitting the blaze, but I'm going to try to be using the more first leg at skim. Don't push now. Okay, send the leg. Baby, stand there. What was that? Oh, that was what I was like. What the heck? Biao. I was surprised when they came out. Oh, you can see the trash. Oh, did he? I just shocked me. I saw something hit it. Okay. You need to stand beside me. He has to be willing to get into that. Oh, we can start with a pile-up and start leveling out that dirt over in the low places. See the low, low places? He can level that dirt in the low places. I'm in the left. I'm in the right. I'm in the right. I'm in the right. I'm in the right. This is where I am. This is where I am. This is where I am. Yes. This dirt here, to start leveling in some of the low places. And maybe also if he can see if he can try and break up that concrete thing there. I don't know if he's got a big enough sledgehammer for that. Yes. Just fill in the low areas over there. That should finish out his day. I'm going to come down and go check on the road. I want to video the road. Okay. I'm on my way down. Okay, folks, you guys heard all that. Rick and Maro going by all between us. He just got off his movie end of break. I think you'll know what I love this place. Thanks for the burn. It was going on there. Alright, let me get down. There's a chicken. Almost started confiscating some chickens on my property. Yum, yum. Oh, see over here they cleared out some America. I don't remember seeing this before. Maybe it was that I just didn't pay attention to it. Well maybe they just had some stuff growing up high there. But now I'm starting to see some seeding my neighbors now over there. And before I could see that and then they'd probably chop some stuff down there. See nine ice house. Same thing over there when they cleared that out a little bit. So I don't clear out too much, folks. I love the green scenery. The green scenery. Alright, let me make my way downstairs. Okay, here's what I'm greeted by making my way. It's a green on green tains bike. And he's a... He's a... Get out and push it. You don't need Ate. Ate let him do it. He's a boy. He needs to do this himself. Okay? Sometimes you get to kind of people do things for themselves. Good job, son. We're going to work the muscles. Okay. Hey, you guys stay here. I'm going to go out and check. Okay? Do not cross the bridge. Thank you. If there was enough time left I'd have had him chop that down. There's none left out in the day. So I'm going to spread that dirt a little bit. And I come back and I'm going to have him break up that concrete thing. Maybe haul those stones over there. Go from there. All right. Let me pause it. Wow. That's nice. See how clear that is? I guess he had misunderstood me. And I think I said the grass in the middle of the road was okay. Don't worry about it. But he chopped it all up too. Right down the middle. Look at this. See? Nice and clear and smooth. Until some other stuff gets put in here. All the shrub. You're going to see it looks wider. See? You just clear it up. That's clean. It's a good young man. Look at that. Nice and clean. To the fence. So the neighbor's to my left. He shouldn't have any issues. It gets nice and wide. I just want to keep all the shrub being away from my truck. My truck's got never... ...dance and scratches on it. By me putting them there. Let me first of all the property. Right here. There was a cement building. It's like an outdoor CR. And it came all the way out to here. I couldn't... I would... I'd better get my truck through it. My Thoffie real estate agent had spoken with the people over here who at the time we thought were their owners. They said, yeah, it was okay. Tared down. So they came out here with some sledgehammer. It was enough to grab out of it. Torred down. And filled it in with all the cement blocks. And it went down, caved in. And then covered it up. See what the grass was hiding here. Some other stuff that makes us. And they come to find out they're the only the tenants. And the real owners weren't happy about it. But that was all worked out. And we were at none at fault because they were not a property at the time that got destroyed. We bought it afterwards. But that was one of the things I said. You know, it's got that thing there. So they go get a real estate agent. Sis, little sis, Joey. She took action. She knocked that thing down. And I was like, you go, girl. You know, they still got the garbage. He got something to garbage up. It's going to blow back. People are still going forward now. But it looks nice again. It's cleared. Except for they still have some garbage over here. So we'll see. Yeah, we still got to come up. Maybe me and the kids will come up. The wheelbarrow one day and start picking stuff up with a plastic bag and throwing it all on the garbage bag. Just to beautify it some more. And then take it back behind the house and burn it. Oh, but yeah, it looks good, folks. I think it looks good. I'm going to have to wait a little bit. I'm using my little driveway here. It's got to get packed down. I need some rain. I tried to turn into it this morning. I was not going to continue forward to go through my back wheel. It was sinking and I'd get stuck here. So no, it's got to let it pack down. But even though it's got rocks there too, it needs to pack down. So I'll back out and then I did the usual turn. I got to get James to pick up that. So here's what we got to get the pack down here. As you can see here. I tried to pull in. I had James to leave that back out. And then we left the water. If I had some water here, I'd wet it down myself. But there's no water here. So we'll get it until we can turn in. And then look, it looked nice. Now it's nice and clear. It's wide looking. We're just going to have to keep breaking. Because that stuff's going to get right back here. And keep picking up the garbage. Now it's nice and clear. All right, folks. Just wanted to show you. Just got all the shrubbery out of the way. It's a common way. So other people are going to be throwing stuff down here. And it's just another one of those facts of life. So you're not going to be able to change them. And instead of showing appreciation and keeping it clean, they can get a little jealous sometimes. And just, I don't know why I tell you so what. And just start throwing garbage down. And I'm just showing not appreciating it. We didn't do it for appreciation. I wanted to look nice. Like I said, going to the property. If you wanted to look nice. I was actually contemplating putting up some lattice. Trying to see what it was here. And just putting it up just enough to where you couldn't see it. When you drive through, high enough. And just putting some bamboo things here. But it's not my property to do that. And kind of cover it up. So when you drive in, you don't have to look and see this. Ugliness. You know what? I should go to the barn guy office and say, hey. That needs to be cleaned up. We need to get that from. I don't know. We'll see. Or maybe I'm mistaken. Maybe the owner of the. Maybe the only tenant for that property with a fence is. I don't know. I assumed it was here. I was told it was here. They all the way up to the highway. They don't. They tenant it though. It's whether the goats are running the muck. So we'll see. Anyway, I think it looks good. All my ass want sand shovel to the side. But maybe come out some other time and shovel it back to the middle. We'll see another day on the time to do something. Or the old parts. Just chicken away. It's good exercise. Party folks. Let me go back and see what James is doing. If I can convince you to break up that concrete block. It's probably the last time I'm using for a while. You know, just got a budget. Budget what we do. Here we come. Here's the drive in. Come all the way in and then you see right now it's the White House. We're still debating the color. Eventually. Yeah, bye, Ava. See them in the distance. That's good. That's good. Brother JC, that's good. Wash my truck. I guess it's going to become a weekly thing, I guess. I appreciate that. All right folks, thanks for joining us.