 Ya, welcome to a foreigner in the Philippines. And don't make up challenge. What I make up, what I'm full-cooked, what I lipstick. Although I only have you make lipstick sometimes. I'm full-cooked. I'm full-cooked, but that's not what I'm full-cooked anymore. So, ya, they're helping our people to get down in bamboo. That's a tricky code over there. Let's pick up the bamboo. Ya, so this is a low-main gun challenge. It's just happening. My lips is brown, right darling? My lips is brown. Right? Ya, so it's not easy to make up. It's not easy to make up. I'm full-cooked, but I'm full-cooked. But this one, because I have English and I've got a lot of blanks sometimes. I forgot that this is for a foreign student. So, my hair here in this area is currently now. Because I was supposed to be in the Philippines. I'm sure that always for the swimming pool or the ocean, they start swimming. Because it's easy to make sure to swim and go with them. I think I've been having 30 times or doing the first group-an. Since I think I've been doing the entire challenge of doing the group-an. And after that, they go through one. Because my hair is very corny. I always go in my hair. That's why sometimes I look like my t-shirt's like. And I chose my forehead, my very forehead. Your very forehead? My very big forehead. That inside to me just be proud of your forehead. Because it said if you got forehead, what's the meaning of big forehead learning? My forehead is regarded as being a sign of intelligence. Sometimes I don't know. I want to see the children of the children. Sometimes I just believe that it's an identity check the library over there. This is a very nice area here. This is a her up. What people raised right here. They did a very nice job over here. Look at that. We tried it. I think the owner of this one has a big rise plantations with the irrigation. So that's why they have a lot of income. And then we dried there because of the space. The space if you just put it in the ocean, out in the island. So that's what they're doing in the dryer. And then we got a lot of dirties over there. No matter. The dirties everywhere. The end being have also because they have a lot of rice. So they make the oil to make rice main. Aside from that, they have also a big, big, plantations. This is the house over there. And it's very good because it helps to the local here. A lot of workers are not able to have jobs by building at the same time. They care about the bigger and doing the dry smell over there. So that's the rice smell. That's the rice smell. It's not the finished but very good job on what they're doing. And over there is a big, big, bigger, plantations. The first is the plantations. It's a very big, factory area over there. Yeah, it's not raining but it's very, it's not hot. There's a lot of clouds. And that's the house over there. It's a nice house. There's also a little bit of water. So it's a great way to go and have some sky. Thank you so much and good bye bye.