 What's good guys welcome back to the channel today guys we're about to try Filipino food for the first time Yeah, it's rather restaurant right now and I have lots of things for us to try I don't know how to pronounce happen these things. I'm just gonna give them the space paper Oh, I have the drink the food and then our dessert. All right guys, so we just got back to the crib Food right here Our sauce is right here Give me that sister Fresh in the head those This is this is ice cream Yeah, that's dessert. Okay, okay. I'm alright guys. So we have the crispy Pada and then this is the pan-savine There's more wait, there's more okay, and then we have cassava cake What is this? Lumpia Shanghai Oh Okay, I like this and then we just got some rice My mom here said I know and this is a double chicken with rice as well and then We have sis-sig. Do you want to show them the drinks we got? So the drinks we guys is a sego gulaman and then this is the fresh Hopefully I got hopefully I said that right. Let's try the drink. I can't drink the drink first Yankee can This is just like a candle This one is not that bad. I just don't like the stuff shooting up in my super sweet tastes like a piece of candy Oh, yes, like fresh can so what do you want to chop fresh baby? I'm back. This yeah, this definitely looks good Right look at it. It's like a big-ass piece of beef or chicken or something. I think it's pork A pork they come with some sauces These are like thicker sauces you put that on top Oh my god, I'm not even lying. That looks so good. Oh my goodness. The sauce is I really want to take a bite baby got a hair We have to do it the same time. I bet this would be super good with some hot sauce wait what part do I eat? It's like all part it doesn't smell bad. Oh like right here. Okay, okay, hold on. I'm getting my meat Okay, which is you just dip it in just I can do both you ready ready. That's like vinegar Good, this is good. I just got to find the meat. I'm not gonna lie. Here. How to? Right, let me do it. Yeah, I like that sauce That's good. That's like legit good My god that badness of this one though. I don't eat it. Watch this watch it. Try that It's good Hey, tastes like a pork mom. This is really good. And they didn't like the like the fatty. Well, I like the crunchy. Yeah More fish and more. I'm gonna give you that big That's a bad part. It really is the crunchy. Yeah, soft and hard It's like easy to pull apart. I wonder how this would be I got you know Hot sauce You know this would be the what that bad really hot sauce Like eating like what is the call is so good you can't think of it I don't know like I'm trying to I forgot the name This is good You got a damn their chard is I'm not welcome That's something oh my god, it's gonna be so good. What did you try? No, no, I want you to try it. No, no Take the whole thing you might go to the whole thing. That's good Okay, we got something in there. We have a lot more to eat. We can get full So well that you had this back in them drinks That's like the light rose. Okay, so these are what he's like These are good, too, these are good. What is in that know what I? Might be Filipino Cuz I like to yeah, I like it. You know what I'm saying like shots of the Filipino stuff that It is good if I pull up to the barbecue with that and this then I don't know what We can't even talk because we're really enjoying Feel thrilled. I don't want to eat anymore because like there's so much We have Okay guys this literally smells like an egg roll You're like this smells like an inside of an egg roll Is that orange? Oh, that's a small orange the baby orange. I don't think that's a Orange baby. Yes, it is Thank you. Oh, they're nice and hot. So this is where I have my problems sometimes I don't like noodles as much so looks like I got a little bit of carrot Yeah, there's some on here a little bit of I think that's a chicken or something pork in there Got some greens in there. I like it a lot This is in my favorite the chicken is really good care. I'll see God The texture first. Yeah, I like the news. You don't like the touch This is up there for me. I didn't do that. Wait. I'm doing that. What are these call? I just know this is cabbage Oh Love cabbage. I should look cabbage, but no, I'm not a fan of this one a big reason literally is because of the noodles But the meat is good in it. We try this little orange You honestly probably don't even hate the taste of the noodles. It's just like the texture. What is this? And orange right? No, what is it? It's kind of good though. I know Like a little orange is they're good. I'm not gonna lie Cut it right No, no, don't even send me we're gonna rank every meal at the end. Okay. Okay. I said it Are you like it? Yeah, I really like it the next thing we have is the a double chicken So it comes with rice and then this is the chicken in here and then a little salad So did you like I think you can like mix it up? Yeah Should we like pour it in there and then shake it up? Yeah Yeah, I don't know if that's like the right way to do it, but you know and might be Chicken rice right? Shake it up like a salad. Yeah, so if we're doing this wrong Hey, or you could just dump it right here. We just take bites of each one Okay, so this is what it's looking like. Oh, it's good I'm gonna take some chicken dip it in the rice and dip it in the salad. Okay Feel it tastes like a taco. Oh my god Yes, it's good to sell we should mix it Because a juices can get like yeah, it tastes legit like a straight top That's crazy. I want to mess it up Honestly, if you're not like a salad fan, that's cool if you mix it up You just hear the crunch. You don't really taste the salad Okay, let me see let me see what we're gonna show them let us know We're probably doing it wrong, but we do it. We'll make it work for us It tastes like a taco if you want you know, I think it really That looks just like a taco that's crazy, but we just weird Let us know in the comments of it supposed to taste like a taco or it's just our taste buds weird over here It has to be that we just weird because there's no way that this tastes like that This is different fire. I always be scared to chuckle things y'all I'm not gonna lie, but this is the dinner salad I really was shook I'll grab that for later. Okay, so our next meal. We have it's called Seseg It's like the same thing, but I think this is pork instead of chicken. Okay But like you should do the same thing like eat it separately and then shake it up and see if it tastes like similar All right, I'm not sure if I'm gonna do it. Well, I'm actually impressed. I'm not in a line. Okay, ready This is better. Really? Yes, I like the chicken one better. I'm then it'll be like this Well, this is good. I'm like a little rap. Yeah, I'm not gonna like make like a rap I like it. Anything is I don't know like white rice just out by itself like that Gotta be solid. I can get into that look. So I got a raft up on here or put it like that You like that. Yeah, I just get you I knew I did for the food. That's good. Check it up I do agree I do definitely agree on that Yeah, maybe Good I actually like it. So you prefer this one over the perfect really? Yeah, that was good though. It's great. That's like a legit talk on this one is like a meal Like I can eat this right now. I'm like I could be good like sleepy time. I know that's what I'm kind of feeling Yes, I'm feeling sleepy time. That's how you know the food's good when you start like you like Yeah, let me lay that okay, okay Okay, well the other thing was just rice which you already yeah, right the rice now it's the dessert time Wait, what's that the dessert? Oh, I can't I scream make cake I know you are What the why is that purple can I smell? Ice cream cake. Oh, it has no smell to it. That's cool. That looks really cool I'm gonna try Wait, don't tell me how it is okay. Wait, how about we just do it together? Both try to think they are shot something separate no try the same thing and tell me what it tastes like because I can't put my tongue on it But it tastes like something I've ate before What is that taste damn you know what I'm talking about it tastes like hazelnut coffee creamer Yeah, hazelnut hazelnut coffee creamer. Yeah, it's given me vanilla no hazelnut. That's crazy. I just would not expect this to taste like hazelnut I feel like it would be like a light brown or something. Yeah, it's purple. I was thinking it was gonna be like great Flavor it tastes good though. It's just like I'm gonna try this alone and then I'm gonna try to cake with ice cream together Which one you have come from pie? I like it. It does Right My grandma made I have it in my head wait, let me look up the description because maybe that will answer all of our questions Apple no You know cookies got it. You know how to put you know those cookies Oh, grandma house. Yeah, wait wait that come in the The 10 things yeah, yeah, yeah, the 10 thing that nobody ever wants and when you take a bite of it There's like those little chunks of whatever that is But I gotta find out what it is they come guys So when you add your grandparents house on when you if you're our age because I don't know if it's like a thing now Those 10 things that they always keep things in they always keep those for the very long time Yeah, they have like cookies in them different flavors different flip cookies, and that's what that tastes like Yeah, and nobody ever wants it Yeah, those are the last cookies that you get the last ones. Oh my god, but the thing is this is not bad I'm gonna try with this though. I'm trying to do you know what's in there egg and coconut You got together do I get good? Oh The ham cool Oh Yeah, I like it. I like it. I'm just trying to like I'm really trying to discover what is in these things because it's giving me like childhood vibes Yes, I'm like I'm about to say I'm definitely like feeling like I'm kidding. No, I scream. There's a Yemen it. Yeah, it's purple. Yeah, my Okay, well guys that was so good. You want to rate it now? Yeah, okay, all right, so okay So I'm gonna rate the desserts last okay, let's do like this. We have the chicken Or the pork this This is number one. This is the best. I'm not gonna lie. This is the best definitely number one Yeah, I would say that's number one my number two is the Dabo chicken the one that tastes like a taco. That's my number two. What's the number two? The poor? My number two is that the Sissy the Sissy Sissy and then my three is the noodles my three is those can you have those? Yeah, my three is the egg rolls Seeing that's hard because I like the noodles and the egg rolls. I don't know which one I like more You could put a buffet number three. Yeah, I like the food And then my number four is those from dessert. Obviously, I'm gonna go with ice cream first And then the cake second. Yeah, I agree. I scream first takes like and the drinks are bomb if you want something fresh Like not anything with like filler and greedy like yeah, this is fresh That's just like yeah, it tastes like exactly like a can of all right, guys Well, let's know what you guys think about this video. Let's know in a comment if you ever tried Philippine of food if you have what did you think about it? Yeah, which one is your favorite? Mm-hmm. I think out of all the charred foods. I think it goes jolly me didn't this yeah jolly me is number one Then this the African foods go through. Yeah, they're all good I have to try all of them. They're in the info one good, but it is good. I like the Indian food. You like that? Yeah, you didn't like I liked it, but yeah, that ends today's video guys I make sure you like comment and subscribe and see you the next one