 Hello! Catriona. Gray. Philippines. Highlights. Miss Universe 2018. I'm glad she knows how to spell her last name the correct way. Gray. Now- If you spell gray with an E. So- I dare you. How dare it? Well, yeah. She's Filipino. She knows what she's doing. What was this? Miss Polland over here. Miss Polland. Versus Miss Philippines right here. Let's get right into it. We saw a little snippet of her from the, uh, all the winners videos we did from the Miss Universe is from the Philippines. So now we're gonna get all her Olivia Rodriguez older sister. Pretty much. That's how we know her, you know? JK. But, uh, yeah, let's do this. Here we go. Isaac's really excited for the swim suit and section. Catriona. Like Madden Gray. Philippines. Right off the bat. Whoa, I'm so excited now. Philippines is the former martial artist who earned a black belt at 12 years old. Now 24, this fashion motto and singer's wage funds for various charities through benefit, concert, health, and a country and abroad. Philippines. When she smiles, especially I can see the Olivia Rodriguez, I think it's just a like mouth. Yeah, it's the way they're like, yeah, they both have very straight teeth. And when they smile, you see like the top of their gums too. Very similar smile. Very similar. Yeah. Philippines. Philippines probably raised funds to purchase and renovate an old apartment building in Manila. This 24 year old turned the building into the young focus child care plus center, a school offering free education to children. Philippines. He's doing all this good work. And she's a Franken black belt. Yeah. Philippines. Yeah, there we are. Sima Fodilis from Africa and Asia Pacific. I like the way they can't be moving away too fast. Yay. Yeah. That's the Philippines again. That person's so excited. Yeah. Steve. Steve. She's so pretty. Everyone's voice sounds like at all. Yeah. I'm sick. See how they are happy to see me. Yes. Yes. I'm happy. Philippines loves me. Listen, you're a singer and a musician. If you were going to write a song about your experience here at Miss Universe, what would you call it? Well, you know what, Steve? As a Miss Philippines, I've always felt the love and the support of the Filipino people. And I think I brought half of my country here tonight. And so I would name the song, raise your flag because I stand here not as. Espina. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. In that one. The wow. Raise your flag. That's really like the whole medium. Yeah. Did they get the inspiration from her? Maybe they did. She should have been in the music video. That would have been cool. And her swimsuit edition. One, but it's 100. That's really the Filipino. Thank you, Philippines. Working in some of the poorest areas of my country, I found that it was a lack of child support, not poverty that killed their dreams. A child once told me, cat, that's just not my life and those dreams aren't meant for me. But I stand here today because someone believed in me and we owe it to our children to believe in them. Papung Han. Filipino accents are so interesting. I feel like some words you can hear definitely an accent. And there's sometimes you just sound like straight up American. Yeah. Philippines. And it's just around the corner. I'll be right there next to you. Once I started the music. I don't know what they say. Every Filipino can sing. You have to put everyone's motel. Anything else wasn't? My mom told me that even when I was in the womb, like I was dancing along to music, I'm an only child. Very, very close to my parents, especially my dad. He would always say the longest journey starts with a single step. When you have a dream or an ambition and it's so far away and it's so high up, you can feel over there. Perfect waterfall. When you look at it, it's just one step out of time. One day you're going to look up from your feet and you'll be at your destination. So that's a piece of advice from my dad that I feel I'm going to apply my whole life. Oh, Philippines. What is that design on there? I don't know. It's cool. I should have had a look at what my mom is doing. I'm having a lot of dinner here. Yeah. Oh, that's cool, if you're asked. It's like boring. What I have to tell you is, yeah, he looks very tall. He does look very tall. His models are usually really tall. Our new spot number three is... Oh, South Africa was super tall. You know, tall. Oh my god, Canada. He's raising his leg. Yeah! He's raising his leg. They're all tall. Peabank. Well, she is tall of it. I thought South Africa looks super tall. But Philippines is taller. Philippines, please join me. Do you think I covered their ears so I can't say the same thing? Maybe. Congratulations. I'm sorry, I'm covered. Okay, good ready. Here is the question. What is the most important lesson you've learned in your life? And how would you apply it to your time as a mis-univers? A loaded question. I work a lot in the slums of Tondo Manila and the life fair is very... It's poor and it's very sad. And I've always taught myself to look for the beauty in it. To look in the beauty and the faces of the children. And to be grateful. And I would bring this aspect as a mis-univers to see situations with a silver lining. And to assess where I could give something, where I could provide something. As a spokesperson. And this I think, if I could teach also people to be grateful, we could have an amazing world where negativity could not grow and foster. And children would have a smile on their faces. Thank you. Wow, that is it. Thank you. Philippines. Good answer. I felt very cold. I felt like I was on a family feud right there. Gee, I mean, she's in heels, but she is tall. This music is kind of the same. She got that bottle of sweat. She's top three probably. South Africa. But after my last wave, I feel the pain. Sent a stage. Oh, man. Who's going to win? Who's going to win? We have more to see this. But only one of you can get to the top. You're just trying to talk to each other. You suck. You're ugly. How's it going? Spiky things. The name. The name. The Miss Universe. I'm just going to say this girl looks just like the way she, like her side profile looks right out. Kind of looks like Ariana Grande. She looks a little like. Sure, I can see that. Especially the hair. I think that's what does it the most for her. And the side profile is a good chunk. That's kind of funny. She has a great sense of humor. She has a great sense of humor. What is that? She's the flame. Flame. Flame. Flame. The first rock has Miss Universe. Seriously. alien representation where is it oh yeah she just be the miss earth yeah you can't miss universe if there's no aliens yeah yeah it probably worked pretty hard right she worked hard get that black belt yeah I wonder if she went out there and did some like confuemus of that yeah this is like insane kick I get imagine I'd be yeah special thanks to Ashley Carson and Lou thanks Lou I didn't mess up this time imagine being there like around all the women that are considered like the one beautiful from their country and then you went out of all of you yeah I feel like just knowing like how people in general think I can't imagine like you probably like look at them and be like oh I'm not gonna win yeah then it's really actually when if she was if she was an Instagram model she'd go in there be like I can win this each true true yeah yeah she seems pretty like humble yeah humble cares about the Filipino people which is good cool well it seems like at the end that they had to like fulfill something yeah Steve was like if they don't blah blah blah then the runner up takes their place so they must have to like fulfill something that they promised yeah she seems I mean it seems like all the a lot of the Filipino like people that we've seen like SB19 they're super famous obviously they're very humble and very good guys overall so she probably still and she looks like Olivia Rodrigo or Olivia Rodrigo looks like her sad comment about that guys she's very pretty like a white thanks for watching everybody hopefully you enjoyed uh subscribe if you didn't like the video if you did and uh more Philippines content coming soon I also saw a comment that was like two straight guys watching a pageant or beauty pageants lol this is so funny please more okay you got more yeah bye