 What? No, these are poop. Those are pooped on you? Oh, gosh. I thought it's your water, but I think... It's a Philippines gecko. He's lived here longer than us. Yeah. Okay. Hey everyone, it's me again. If you're new to the channel, my name is Corey. My wife's name is Raquel. She is a little camera shy just to give you a heads up now. Some people have said she should talk more. And I'm like, yeah, I try when she can stop giggling. So we do a lot of retakes and a lot of bloopers, which I can make a whole video on. Anyways, so we are going to talk about a foreigner's monthly cost living in the Philippines. And when I say that, for those of you that don't know us, we've been married for quite some time. I met her in the Philippines. She lived with me in Chicago in the US. For about two years, a little bit less. We had a five-year plan to move over to the Philippines. And we prepared. We planned. And we built a house over here. And we've been here now for 10 months. So I think we have a pretty good average because your bills fluctuate. And I didn't want to give you guys a cost of living after 30, 60, or 90 days. Because that's going to give you horrible information. You need more data to put together than that. Okay, so that being said, I just want to say that I've watched every YouTube video on foreigners' cost of living over here. And they fluctuate quite a bit. So feel free to comment saying you spend less on something or that you spend more on something. Because I'm not going to disagree with anyone. It's just that you have to factor in three things when you're moving to another country or anywhere for that matter. And first thing is going to be location. We all know that. No one's going to argue that. Second thing is going to be your lifestyle. It's going to make a huge impact on how much you're spending. And then third thing is how much planning you put into it. And I don't ever see YouTubers talk about that for some reason. But when you plan and you build things and you prepare in advance, you're able to keep your costs down much lower as an example. Alright, so like I said, this is going to factor in three different things that will make a big impact on what someone is spending. So that being said, I'm going to go over the average cost. And I've gathered that together from every YouTube video on people living in the Philippines. I've put them all into different spreadsheets. I have pie charts and graph charts looking at it. So I can see the averages, the highs and the lows. We compare it to what we're spending. So we'll keep that part brief because that's not what we're spending. So I don't necessarily really care. Alright, so first one is the housing. Is the housing. So that is averaging for foreigners in between 300 and 800. And I know someone's going to jump in and say they spend 100. You can't. We know people that spend $20. And they have a bed and they have a shared CR with other people. So you can do it for much less than that. But most foreigners are going to say they want to be in the three to $800 range. I definitely know people that are in the 1,000 to 1,500 range. If they're in IT Park or Makati, then they have a nice condo with a pool and things like that. So that's the average for that. The average electric cost for foreigners is in between $1 and $200. Now again, I know people that are spending 50 or 60 a month. I also know people that are spending 300 to $350 a month. So it varies a lot based upon how big your house is and how much you prepared in advance. Internet, that's averaging $40. Yeah, it's averaging, that's a get go. It's averaging $40. I know people that spend $10 or $20. But you could obviously spend more than that, for example. Telephone? The average I'm noticing is around $15. Definitely plenty of people online that they spend in between $8 and $12. Some people spend $40 or $50 because they're on it all the time or they're texting or using the Internet on it. We use the no expiry, so it's by gig, so it depends how. With our load, yeah. And we're rarely using our Internet when we leave. Yeah, we only use that when we leave. It's been, I don't know, two months now and then I still have gig in my data. Yeah, it's been months since we've loaded our phones and we put $8 on each. Yeah. Food home, like, oh yeah, food. Food slash home, so she actually read it correctly. But anyways, food home, we're talking about your general grocery bill. The average foreigner is spending in between $200 and $400 a month. Plenty of guys said that the average is or can be, I should say, in the $80 range and plenty of people for larger households whether buying everything at a chain grocery store and they have kids, they are spending $500 to $600 a month. Yeah, it depends. Me only want it to one slice food and rice, of course. I'm okay with that, but him, he wants more meat, of course. I have two breakfasts, for example, and she'll have one egg and a small piece of rice or one toast and an egg. So it's... Coffee. Food costs can vary a lot and I think we all know that. So, next one... There's a little peanut butter is moving. Yeah, they're like a half a person for a third. That's how you can say, okay, we'll go to food ash out food. Food ash out. What's that? You dash? No, no, you're right, it is food ash out because I'm referring to take out food and eating out at restaurants. Okay. Those numbers are averaging around $400 a month, but that is a huge variation. When I say that, I have a friend who doesn't spend $20 a month because he never goes out to restaurants. I know other people that spend $6, $7, $800 a month because they eat out at breakfast, lunch, and dinner and they live in the city. So that's going to vary a lot, but $400 is the average for what foreigners are spending. Yeah, you eat a lot. You're going to add a dash to everything or no? No, there's more transportation. So car, again. Yeah, tricycle. So transportation, again, it's going to vary all over. $40 to $70 is the average range. Again, that's put together through all the YouTube videos and all the forms and all the people that talk to is $40 to $70. Now I've talked to people that spend $0 or people that spend $10 because they walk or they take a tricycle once a week. What's that? Doing the church. Right. I mean, a lot of local Filipinos will get a tricycle once a week because they're just going to church and they walk everywhere else. I know foreigners over here that spend $5, $700 a month on transportation because they have a car payment, which I'm not going to get into whether I agree with that or not. But either way, that's going to make a huge difference in what a cost you to live over here. Oh, like, it depends when you do make it. It's not wise to get a car because it's always traffic and it's better to take a tricycle than, you know, wait for traffic and car to part. Yeah, it's a surprise to be that foreigners buy a car living in the city. I wouldn't want to deal with the parking and the accidents with the car. When we go to the city, we park it at a hotel and we don't touch it for days because we'll take a tricycle or walk over. Yeah, it's always traffic and it's all hard to find a parking lot. Yeah, it's very small, unlike US very wide. So you have nothing to wear about parking and your car is safe too. Yeah, but again, I mean the average is, you know, $40 to $70. Some people spend $5, $6, $700. I wouldn't do that myself, but anyways. Next one. Entertainment. You said that pretty good. Okay. Entertainment. Yes, okay. People are averaging $50 to $100. I think that's a little tricky to average because a lot of people are factoring that in with going out to dinner and things like that because for entertainment, we're not spending much. But I mean, if we lived in the city, I guess it could be higher. Water. Water. Yeah, the average is $7 to $12. A lot of people are paying zero because they have a well. Visa. I was surprised, but it varied all over the board depending on the type of visa people had. But people were saying and the average was coming out in between $10 and $20 a month. I think $20 is very high in my opinion, but some people were spending that and they were getting a visa every month. I mean, every 30 days and they leave and they come back and things like that. And meds then? Oh, dental and insurance. Yeah, abbreviations. But, you know, meds, dental and insurance, the average for that is about $50. Now, a lot of people are going to be spending zero dollars because they're just, they're not dealing with any of that. So that's what I'm seeing for an average. And then we have. Miscellaneous. Miscellaneous. Okay. Miscellaneous. Everyone is budgeting and averaging about $200 and $50, which is going to be all kinds of random one-off items, whether it's a present or a gift or you need to buy something for yourself or a phone charger, you know, whatever. You guys, I think you guys know what I mean. Okay, just to give you guys the average, the average, again, bear with me here. The average foreigner is spending in between $1,200 and $1,800. Now, again, that's just an average from the majority of the people. There's YouTube channels out there and people living off of $500. Now, everyone jumps in and argues with them saying that's impossible. I mean, every Filipino here does it. So it's definitely possible. But most foreigners wouldn't be comfortable like that. I do know one guy in particular, you'll remember him. He's spending $308 a month. Now, the guy we know from the car wash. Oh, the Megati? Yeah, yeah. He spends $308 a month in that's it. So he pays the rent and he pays for the food and his phone. And he has a girlfriend. She works and she's taking care of the other bills. And they're happy in contact. Do I think he would be happy or if he had a lot more money? I'm sure that he would because he obviously can't travel or afford to go get coffee with $308 a month. But he's surviving off of it. I'm not saying he's comfortable, but he is surviving off of that. And there's a lot of guys, a lot of guys that are saying that they need in between $2,000 and $2,500 and people in the $2,500 to $3,000 range saying that that's what they need to be comfortable. But again, that's going to come down to your location, your lifestyle, and how much you plan in advance. If we lived in IT Park, we could spend $3,000 a month. That's not what we're going to be because happy we wouldn't want to live there. You can spend $3,000 from a living there, and you can also survive. I'm not saying you're comfortable, but you can survive off of $500 a month. Again, I'm not suggesting that you do one extreme or the other. The average is $12,800 a month. And now we are going to go over our bills, and I'll make sure that all these numbers are from the screen to compare it to the average bills. First bill is housing. We built ahead of time, and therefore our mortgage is zero, so we don't have a rent, and we don't have a mortgage. Second one, electric bill, $800. Oh, $80. Second bill is electricity, where averaging $80 a month? So a little over $4,000 peso with the exchange rate right now, but we have solar, because we bought solar and paid for it in advance, so our electric bill should be $220, $230 is what we're using for kilowatts, but we're only spending $80. Now when net metering kicks in, that number, yeah, January or February, when net metering kicks in, then our bill should actually be zero. So then the first two bills that we have will be zero. Third one is... How do you say that? Internet. Yep, exactly. Internet. Okay, and we are averaging, will we spend $40 a month? Fourth year, fourth year, when... And we... I don't know the programs, but we have three options out here for Internet. Yeah. Yeah, we got the fastest one, I know that. And two, one, eight, and two, four. And two, two. Oh, no, two, two, we have. Yeah, there is three different Internet options out here, because we do have fiber where we live. So yes, we are spending $40 a month or $2200 peso, but that is getting us the fastest Internet there is, and it's unlimited. Your cell phone bill is bill? Yep. What's its vibe? Well, we're actually spending less than $5 on our monthly cell phone. Oh, yeah, because we're using bank band. We have unlimited load, or not unlimited load. We have unlimited expiration on our load, and we put in $8 on each one of our phone, and that was like three months ago. Food dash home. Food dash home, yes. Food. Food, yeah. Okay, so we do zero shopping at a grocery store, so I mean, we go to Robinson's for nothing, other than Splenda, which is going to last forever, pretty much, but yeah, I mean, our food cost is averaging, or it's costing us about $125. So one week, it'll look much higher, because I will buy 10 kilos of mangoes. I will buy 20 pineapples, 50 pounds of beef, 20, sorry, 10 kilos of mangoes, 10 kilos of peanuts, and then I'm chopping it all up, and then it's stored away in the freezer, and we have quite a bit of food. So we have been here since we've been here, we're averaging... 125? We're averaging $125 a month to eat at home. Food out. Yeah. Food out, food in food dash out. Yes, no, I like how you're saying that, it's very professional, I like it. I like how you're saying that. How I say it. Food dash out, it's funny. Yeah, I just read what you wrote. Yeah, no, you're absolutely right. Okay, take out food or eating in restaurants. We're spending an average of $125 a month. If anything, we're getting like an entire chicken, and it's costing us a little under $4, or when we go to breakfast, rice is 10 peso, and then it's what, 10 peso per egg? 15. Yeah, I mean, I'm spending, you know, $1 or $2, or, you know, $3, I mean, we'll usually spend $5, $6 total when we're going out to places like that, because again, we live in the province, we don't live in the city. There's no Dunkin' Donuts, Starbucks, or McDonald's, or any big name that you've heard of for at least an hour and a half. So when we're going out to eat, it's very, very cheap for us. Transportation, transportation. Transportation. Transportation, I like your accent better than mine, so. Transportation. Okay, we're spending an average of $8 a month, and that average is over the course of 10 months. So when I say that one month, it will be nothing, because I had a full tank of gas, and I drove once a week, and I didn't move the province, and it's going to last me forever. And then the next month, we'll go back and forth to the city once or twice. So it's averaging out to about $80. And 13. Entertainment, we put down $20 a month, or about 1,000 pesos. Here's the thing, we won't use any entertainment for one or two or three months, and then we'll be in the city and we'll go to the movies, and then we're going to spend more than $20. So we're averaging $20, but most months, we live in the province. As far as entertainment, there's no movie theaters or malls. Yes, you are, as entertainment. That bill I didn't put down here. I need my other... Oh, that's free! I have two other screens in the office. That would need a bulk to go over that bill. But anyways, okay, next one, honey. Water. Water. Water. Water. Water. Water. What? No! With a tea. Water. Water. Water. Water. Yeah. Okay, never mind. Okay, you win. Nope, that's fine. We're averaging $8 or a little bit less. We have a well and we have a holding tank, so we can average $0. However, we're also hooked up to the townline, and with the pool and things like that, or even gardening, we end up using it sometimes, just so we're not dealing with the holding tank issue, or anything like that, but it's so cheap. It's, you know, like I said, it's $8. Next one would be... Visa. Visa. So, for me, only right now, for the first year, my visa is free. So, as a valedine coming into the country, with a wonderful Filipina... Oh, yeah. I have a one-year visa free. So, I haven't spent any money on that, but again, that's one thing that is going to be factored in later on, because my visa will run out, and then I'll be working on my citizenship or already am. But anyways, right now, for the first ten months, I have $0 for visa fee, MASS, DENTAL, and insurance. Oh, like they may see it. Yes, I like it too. Okay, so, we put down $30 to be safe. I have one medication that I pick up, which would be most of that. We'll see a dentist soon to get a cleaning. Yeah, I don't need, but you need a food. Excuse me? I do not need. Okay, whoa. Time out there. Okay, I'm 41 years old. I've never had a cavity in my life. So, yes, I'm going to go get a cleaning, and get a checkup again, but never had a cavity, and I don't plan on having one. Miscellaneous. Miscellaneous. So, we are budgeting, or not budgeting, but we're spending an average of $50 a month of miscellaneous, but this is the first year that we've been into the house, so that's expected. We do have a lot of one-off purchases, which is not included into our monthly budget, because as far as building a house, you have to buy a couch, you have to buy a furniture. So, if you guys are interested in seeing a video on a final what it costs for the house, we can do an updated video on that, but buying a fridge or putting in a garden, it's not a monthly cost. We're not going to budget every month to buy a new fridge. We're not going to budget every month for extending the walkway, for example, or widening the garage, or things that we've done the first year of moving into the house, which we expected. So, that money is coming out of the house budget for the total house cost, which we're still way under, so that's fine. But either way, right now, or not right now, for the last 10 months, our average is $563 is our total monthly cost for a slip here in the Philippines. And again, that is over a 10-month period of course, some months are a little bit above that and other months are down below that, but our average, or the average over 10 months is $563, which is low. But again, when you think about location, we're in the province. And too, when you think about planning, we paid for the house in advance. So, we don't have a housing cost, the house runs off of solar, and because we live in the province, our food cost is very low out here. So, that's going to be the biggest factors, and we bought the car out, right, if he cashed for it. So, all those things are blank and there's zero for us, which makes a really big difference. Now, there's one thing that we can factor in. It's actually coming out of the house budget, but I'm going to explain it anyways. And that is going to be the worker that we have here, building, he's built our furniture, he's built our DVRAC, our shoe rack, our end tables, our cabinets. He's the one that's built all that, which you don't have to budget for that monthly, and because we're not going to add cabinets every month of the rest of our life. So, I'm taking that out of the total house cost fund, because those are one off purchases that you own afterwards forever. But either way, we're paying him $152 a month. So, even if you want to factor that in, the $152 plus the $563, we're only at $715. That's what we're spending total for the last 10 months to be here. But like I said, a lot of that is paying him to build the things that we now own and we get to keep. Yeah, for another example, which I didn't put in here, we have mango trees on the property, and people come once every couple of weeks, so they take all the mangoes and then they actually pay us. So, yeah, they pay her. But anyways, between the garden, we also have two fish ponds that we've built that are we're rating for the fish delivery, and a lot of chickens. So, we're going to have 30 to 40 chickens here as well. So, the food cost is going to get out and the electric cost is going to get out. But I hope that helped you guys. Again, I know some people are going to say that's really cheap. Some people might say that's expensive, but let us know what you're spending on these bills, but yeah, living out here in the province, it's very simple, very happy, very healthy, and that's what we're spending. It's nice because you can plant vegetables and fruits and you have to spend and they can see. You have to buy it's more expensive. I don't know, we eat small, so I don't... Yeah, she eats small, but spinach... It's very small. Tomatoes. You know, I can keep going with different vegetables and fruits that we work out back and we pick them. All right, yeah, so that wraps up our monthly cost for what we're spending here, living in the Philippines. Let us know what you're thinking if you have any questions. And if you guys want to see an updated house cost video, I can do that separately, but yeah, we really don't spend much. I mean, we're very happy with this. This is where we expected it to be. I budgeted much higher than this. So, I'm very happy with the fact that we're spending less than... what we thought we would spend. But either way, we know we can make some adjustments to this to actually get a little bit lower. And I know a lot of people are going to say this is already really low and it is, but all my neighbors are Filipinos, so they're spending a lot lower than this amount. And we think about it. So, there's always room for improvement. Yeah, okay. All right, thank you for watching. I appreciate it. Bye! Good evening, everyone. It's already nice. It's 6 p.m. It's dark. We started like 5, so we get... Yeah, we didn't take it take this long, so... Thank you for watching. Bye bye! Thank you!