 Music Morning guys welcome back to another video. We are here at Rain has started here in Baguio. Which isn't too bad we had amazing weather yesterday so we cannot complain. We are just here waiting for our breakfast and we have gone for pancakes. Again we loved it so much. Last night we filmed something extremely exciting. We did a night life video so you will see that very soon. But I think we are going to have our breakfast and we are going to try and find things to do in the rain in Baguio. I have got my fresh cucumber juice and as you can see I have an African CT well. Very foggy and there is a lot of rain out there. I am also feeling a little bit rough again which isn't good. So I am even thinking I am going to go to the medical centre and get checked out and get some antibiotics. Or go to the pharmacy and see if they can sort me out. Breakfast has arrived. Look at the pancakes and we have fresh strawberry jam from the strawberry fields. We have been looking forward to trying this. We had it yesterday but we have extra strawberries this morning. Fresh. I am hoping this makes you feel a little bit better. How was that strawberry? It is unbelievable. It is so sweet. You can just taste how fresh it is. It is so nice I love it. A quick change later we are in the grab. It is pouring down the rain has come. I have had to pour an extra umbrella because I think my rain coat yesterday. But we are off to the diplomat hotel which is one of like five places in Baguio City is going to be haunted. So this hotel was abandoned like 30 years ago when the owner passed away and it just wasn't kept up afterwards. It used to be a vacation home years ago and during the war there was some executions that took place here. It is pretty creepy. Even people are non-swexacuted here. There has been rumors and stories of things of the supernatural occurring so we better watch out for them. We have even gone inside yet and I am already creeped out. You hear that music? You hear that? I have got a shivers like there is windows open in there. Look at it. That is what you call in a band and that. I don't know if we should go in and I can't lie. Let's get in. Right we are approaching the entrance now. Okay all these windows this is our tent umbrella. Thanks. This is so so creepy. It is actually a good idea though because no rain inside. It is good activity to do if it is raining in Baguio and we are about to go in. There is other people here now. It is a bit of a tourist attraction. I am nervous. And we are in. This place is creepy as. It has got like all pictures and stuff on the wall. There is a lot of plants so you can tell people do come here now and then to keep what is dark. Keep the plants in that intact but there are so many rooms in all the windows open. It is crazy. Perfect. Perfect. It is down this corridor. We have got like a little fountain here. As you can see all the way around the windows have all been taken out. It is just decaying. It is just wasting away. You all want to see what is in here. There is like snail marks down there. It is like people have scratched it. It is so creepy. It is creepy as you can see the views outside. Back into the city. Now that is creepy. You can dress up as a nuns. Use the occupiers building. I don't know if I want to do. That is really really creepy. The downstairs is so so eerie. I think we are going to go up the top now. We are trying to find some stairs to get up there. We are upstairs now. It is even eerie up here. There is actually a story of these windows here or the windows that look out. The locals have seen people walking past the windows with no head. How would you do it? How? Oh my god. I don't really want to bump into them. Now this is really scary. It has just got RIP. Loads. There are different people's names on it. I do not want to be added to that list. This hotel must have been huge as well. You can see how many rooms there were along here. We are now up on the roof. As you can see, you can see out all over the place. I am not going to go out next. It is raining and I left my umbrella downstairs. The views from up here are ridiculous. It gets eerie all the bathrooms. The bathrooms creep me out. The bath tub. The bath tub. There is a bath tub and it is on its own. You think about the fact that someone should be using it and not it is just a roofing. It is really creepy. I think that is it from up here. You can get amazing views if the weather is nice. I want to get the drone here because you can see it over the city. Obviously with the rain, we could not have backed down the hill and found a taxi to take us back in town. We have made it to Chokalat. We have made it to Chokalat. We have made it to Chokalat. We have made it to Chokalat. We have made it to Chokalat. We have made it to Chokalat. We have made it to Chokalat. The bathyroll. I hope that is the pronunciation. If it is not, don't say anything. But we are here. We have been dropped off by the taxi. It is quite difficult to get here. It is very heavy rain and it is only take out in here at the moment. But we have got two plastic chairs that are under a gazibot. So we are staying drive for a minute. Baguio has meant me to renown for hot chocolate. This place apparently does the best one. We went for the classic. It is really hard to quite find. It is like a long way through Camp John Hay. But Camp John Hay looks incredible. If it wasn't raining, I would love to check out. There are so many cool manahals there. We are actually going to get the taxi because he is waiting for us outside. Because there is no seat in there. Thank you so much. And we are trying to taxi. But this place is so cool. It is like a little mini-circuit. It is really cool. Yeah, I am going to get the taxi. But it is down because it is raining. Taste test. We are in the taxi. Wow. That is like pure cocoa bean. It doesn't taste like any of the powdered hot chocolate you get. That is a lovely. And we are back in the room. It was a shame that we couldn't sit down and drink our hot chocolate. But... Oh my god. I have had a little bit in the taxi. Actually it is my first sip. It is not. That is incredible. It is so fresh. You can taste like the lumps of cocoa. That is still in it. Really, really good. But I am off now. I am off to get a haircut and I am not bringing with me. So I will see you in a bit. And the hair is cut. Very good haircut in SM. I think it was called one-tone barbers. It cost about 150 pesos, which is very, very good value for money. But Molly has been editing the video. It is posting right now. Just wanted to say one thing we didn't mention about the haunted house was that you can actually get haunted house tours at night. So I don't know how it works. I don't know how you go about booking it. But I believe you can actually get someone to take you there at night. And they tell you stories about the place which I think could be really cool. I can't wish we did it. But it was a little bit freaky enough. It was a little bit scary. And the hot chocolate spot on. Very, very good for an rainy day in Baguio. We are actually heading to Figán tomorrow. We have had a slight change of plan. We were going to go up to Segada. But we are going to do that next. We are going to go up in the afternoon. I think we are going to get the bus up there. Because in the morning my stomach is still not great. So I am going to maybe go to the medical centre. And get sent sort this out. That has got to be better. No one wants to see me walking around in my boxes. We are actually going to go down and have dinner. In the hotels restaurant tonight because our stomachs aren't great. We can't drink any beer. We can't venture out too far. And obviously we have got a busy day tomorrow with the medical centre. And getting our bus to Figán. What we are thinking. We are thinking Nachos. I am thinking Nachos. Definitely know how the pain is. I don't want anything to upset the stomach. Definitely know how the pain is going to go light. But yeah, just a big plate of Nachos. Exciting. And we have also got a comeback. And Pat, this time we managed to make every hotel apartment look horrible within a day. So we are going to have a look at the hotel. And we are going to have a look at the hotel. And we are going to have a look at the hotel. And we are going to have a look at the hotel. And we are going to have a look at the hotel. And we are going to have a look at the hotel. And we are going to have a look at the hotel. And we are going to have a look at the hotel. And we are going to have a look at the hotel. And we are going to have a look at the hotel. And we are going to have a look at the hotel.