 Oh, it's a rainy day guys. So we're here right now. Let's just freshen this morning to go and surf. So you should have we take off our shirt on the ass length. As you can see, the two guys are not wearing shoes. Yeah, they're not so recent. Welcome to the vlog, man. Are you more? Oh. Wow. That's all right, John. So our entire life is in the hands of John right now. Trust me. Too pressing on one motorcycle, guys. You can't do this in Manila. Just on the ass length. You can't do anything here, but don't come any closer. Just be bit. Oh, man. That's all right. That's all right. That's all right. We're going to go to the vet today. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Yeah. Oh. Oh. That's an ongoing feeding program right here. Oh, man. Oh, man. Yeah. You see it. Thank you. Hi. How are you? We just stopped everything here. Oh, man. We just were going uptight. Now, where? The sun is hit the moment. As you can see, there's an ongoing feeding program. Yeah. Yeah. The everyday life of the island right now. People are doing good for the kids here. There's a feeding program right now here. We're going to the feeding program. Hi. Hi. Yeah. So, bro, tomorrow night, I'm going to be here. All right. All right. Good. Good. So, guys, right now we are here at this fuel station. So, we have one of the motorcycle last night that ran out of gasoline. So, we need to get a gasoline, but... Okay. Oh, the feed. So, why don't you open that? Are you gonna put the down coming here or here? Here Hey Yeah, where are we? Where? So, so my guy What's wrong with you bro? So, so, so, so Yeah, for here for the continued Oh, for the other motorcycle there? Oh,licious I know I'm very... So, we've been here two times Like, they always don't have gasoline guys So, we have to go to another place So, this is life on the Azalei guys Yeah Drunger, Dree-san Get drunker boys We are here at the next police station I'm the first time seeing this here Look at the police station here There's a many police station right? Okay, the police station in Shigau Talk about the problem Green is for diesel Okay, green is for diesel Okay How did you know that? Because of the color Ah, it's for it Yeah It's indicated to me Oh god That's what you know Because some of the apps we're going to... We have a problem with that We have a problem with that And we have a good loss with the electric vehicle So, where we started? Is that where you can put it back? Oh I tell you why, I tell you why Tell me why I'm G-Cash I will have two rupees I tell you you have listening well We told you 200 pesos Oh, he said it's enough So guys, another thing is that For now on the entire Azalei there is no ATM So, yesterday I tried to withdraw some cash But the video is online Like it's on the maintenance And right now you can have withdraw So, later I have to go to another place called Dapa Dapa So, I'm going to use the P&B Yeah, P&B bag in Dapa to withdraw cash This is our second motorcycle here No, actually the fresh, right? This is the fresh and the primary motorcycle we are using in Azalei right now So, last night I was driving this motorcycle And it ran out of gasoline So, we just got gasoline right now here And we about to refuel it This is how we do it So guys How many pesos do we have left for India? How many what? So guys, right now we about to drop to Santa Fe So, I've been there once And we are going to check in the wave there at Go If the wave at Go we are going to do a little bit of something Before we do the voluntary work today So, see you guys at Santa Fe Be nice to go So, see you guys Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye How are you freaking out there guys? So, we are on our way to Santa Fe The motorcycle of joint Just the tire just, you know, punch up Like the tire fire I don't know if you guys understand that So, there's no air, so they have a flat tire So, the kuiya they are going to fix it It's flat Yeah, flat tire, we had the flat tire So, they had a flat tire So, the kuiya is going to fix that and then we are going to use the other motorcycle To find food in Iraq Going to eat local fried chicken Local fried chicken, where? To see the park We need to make local food Ok, yeah, anchovies So, I love your anchovies right now To find food, you guys This is how you adapt to the province life The assland life right here, your boy is becoming an asslander So, guys, we are right now in Barangas Santa Fe So, for the past 30 minutes We've been trying to fix the motorcycle Even the local food Like, we cannot find any restaurant here That's open and safe in food right now So, I'm freaking hungry, guys And This is so bad for shadow right now Like, almost all of the restaurants are closed due to the typhoon The typhoon is there Most of the restaurants were destroyed And, there are just few ones that are open Oh, the chickens are even hungry So, the few ones that are open I think as soon as they prepare the food The locals around here are just good at eat all of the food So, there's no food left But there are other people like in general Luna Who are distributing free food So, we are also voluntary sometimes to save free food To the locals here in Chagal But now we are at the point that we are safe Need to eat but we can't find food, guys, like I'm hungry You can see it from my voice right now So, I think we are trying to get Passi, kato Passi, yeah, passi So, passi, thank you, I need Are we gonna cook the passi there? Passi? Are we gonna cook the passi? Yeah, this one passi, kato So, we gonna bar the passi, kato, and then this is the pass National Perfect Chantong in the Philippines Okay, let's go to the pass Yeah, so, we have no choice I think we are Yeah, come on start You know, okay, good Okra Hi, Pearl, how are you? I'm good Say hi to my... This is how we greet the other ones in the Philippines, guys, so... You do bless, so this is the place right here And I'm so blessed Just bless, just bless Say? Yeah One time, right? Yeah Sorry, you do it just one time Your Lula or your mom, you have to do the bless, san Yo, yo, you're a vlogger So, guys, finally, after one hour, 30 minutes of trying to find food Here we are having lunch right now John, what are we having? We're having bansi kato Bansi kato, instant noodles Instant noodles So, here is the guys And this is where we call the weird ass in life Lami kayo Lami kong bai So, guys, I'm so hungry, so I'll see you guys later And I have to be right now I'm really, really hungry, guys So, let me try this Instant noodles, oh, it's freaking hot I don't think you can do it for a little bit I don't think you can do it for a little bit I don't think you can do it for a little bit So good Wow, not a little bit of it It's so perfect It's so perfect This is so perfect It's so, it's so, it reminds me of the liking Since Kerala Since Tom Since Tom The taste is amazing It's a different flavor It's like a dessert It's like a dessert with a lot of milk It's so good We're ladies and gentlemen Thanks for watching this video And just before you go make sure to hit a subscribe button for your boss' success And stay tuned as I told you around the Philippines Peace, and see you guys in the next one