 Magandangabi Fulfillus, welcome to Japanese Shuchanel. Today, I have a request from all the ancestors. It says, Magandangabi Sayosu, try a dice and a cane, 9 it's more Pinoy song from the Philippines. This suggestion is from Joshua Dale Montey. Thank you Joshua Dale Montey. I appreciate your recommendation and I will try to watch dice and cane 9 it's more. But it's more Japanese. I know it's more Japanese. So it's going to be really fun. I'm interested to watch this. Okay, let's try. But before watching the video, please subscribe to my channel and don't forget to push the notification bell to not miss my future videos. And if you like the video, please share it to your friends and family members. Thank you very much. Salamat. Okay, let's try. This is for all of y'all. Oh, so it's not them. Men on the men's group. So the top is female. So baby rap music. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. I'm the man and I'm here for you. Believe me because my love has to be my mom. This is, you know, this is Japanese. So this song is combined with Japanese and English. Was it real people's time like that? Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Station is beautiful. Due to the loss of broken parts,qings like anche trapped, keeping good relations between the two couples. South down, South down, South down We gonna ride this party on down South down, South down, South down We gonna show them how we get down South down, South down, South down We gonna ride this party on down South down, South down, South down They will see these gonna show you how we get down My boss, Deixie K9 high C-Trap And the hisale I see So this is rarely interesting combination So the description is wait a moment Let's go to Dyson K9's hip and romantic jam As they perform their career single each small life Oh, yes a romantic K9's hip and romantic jam Hmm I see, I see So combined with something hip hop and romantic Yeah, I feel that kind of feeling Yeah, because Delilic is saying about to Saying to their lover or Yeah, they are feeling to someone Hmm I see, I see Yeah, this music is also how it's comfortable to listen Not so noisy, easy to listen Hmm, wow Drinking something like that Yeah, I hope I can visit food in the sun When I got third dose Okay, today's video is at Please subscribe to my channel And don't forget to push notification bell to not miss future videos And if you like the video, please share it to your friends and family members Thank you very much Salamat See you again