 Good afternoon folks. Take 2 again. It's 3.07 pm Tuesday afternoon 27 September. I'm going back this way because I started the record over there and walked all the way over to the Kubo and realized I wasn't recording. I just want to show you the waters recited since yesterday. We will hear yesterday. Probably be gone over here by tomorrow unless we get to any more rains after effects of super typhoon, car, car dina. So anyway the house I don't know if that's paint or skim coat. We're going to find out as we get closer. Well Lady Jazz was here and I told her to stay right here and be right back. But I think she went into the Kubo somewhere. So anyway now I can't remember what I said. Probably better off for it. So I'm going to pause it here. Just laugh at myself sometimes. I think I'm recording. I wind up talking and look down and realize I'm not recording at all. So let me wait for her and we'll get an update on the house. Okay she's laughing at me because I forgot to record again. So here we're going to go make our way to the house. I was told the electrician and the plumber have returned and hopefully to finish up everything they need to do. We also need to get a hold of the the guy who drilled the well force over there and having come back out we reached out to them a few times. He hasn't responded yet so we may drop by his house on the way back home after we're done here. But anyway let me pause this and then we'll give you an update on the house here as we get inside. There's James. He's returned to us. He was out for a day. He might have been sick. James, he's the shifter now. Brother Jay. Come up here. Let's see what we got going here. Come on style, Nelson. Come on style. So I don't see any noticeable visible changes here so we'll gather around. I see some cardboard. Walk this way, see some clothes hanging, some other stuff hanging. Stuff is still here. There's a quick look, see. Over to this major. Is that what all the cardboard is? Okay, well let's go see. I want to see how tight of a space that is. So we're going to make our way upstairs so let me pause it here. Okay, put the side of the steps. You see here. This is where I showed you the other day where they added the cement. See the rebar sticking up from it? Right at the metal plate in here. Firm up the wall. It's going to go up. Back far enough. Up to the string. So let me get away from the music. Now you've finished the skim coating here. Let's coat your door. We have to return. Balikshah. Come on style, Paul. Who's busy? Skim coating here. Let's hold it around here. Okay there. Yeah, I was told they put the jacuzzi here so let's go check that out. Just want to show what this is done here quick. The skim coating. This is good. The obvious space. Not for better words. I've been wish they'd gone a little bit further over but they're trying to clean me some headroom coming up now and I understand that. So let's go over here. Look, see. Not going to pause. I'm just going to look. Let's go look. Looks like he's talking about relocating. Come on style. Okay. Okay, hang on just a second. You see the issue? Let me get an explanation here. Okay, so we're just discussing the location because of the other jacuzzi we had was more of a rectangle shape that was slide over there. And so what we're talking about is whether the shower was going to be going to take this and move it over there so we can hook it up. It's basically a shower in the jacuzzi. We want to when we want to jacuzzi spa bath and we'll just sit down and that's going to be connected to pipes over here. So then we just filled it up and we use it like that. These two here will look to be looks like they removed some already. They relocated a little bit over here that relocated a little bit for the two sinks. So this is the plumber here. He was with us before so he's back. And those are the drain. That's the drain. So I don't know if they're going to stay or go solve for the toilet area here. So we removed these you can see this wall here so it opens it up a little bit. Give us a little bit more space. And they've continued the chemical all the way in here. Well, completely. I'm sorry babe. I'm sorry babe. I'm sorry but you know you're born this when I'm coming by and I got away. Way of gifts. That's all I'll say. Way of gifts. Okay. I'm just going to skim cold over here. So they've got the plan and they're going to focus on that. You know this just skim cold to everything. I'm just looking for something new and it's all going to skim cold over the preps. The pain. You got to see it in here too. The metal purée. Purée. Someone step outside and walk with me as I go. Come stop all. I owe you. Let's call your door. He's electrician. So let me step out a few of all the debris that's still here. We'll look around. Yeah the skim cold here they started. I'm not finished yet. All right I did notice something though. I'll point it out in just a minute. Probably call it void. Cogecif finished panels here and he started down there. Let's see if he completed it all the way. Under the paneling not all the way down but he's got close and I got a little bit area to go there. Purpose dual purpose at the scaffolding. Oh there they are. We're down there. Plastering. Rebar. Go to J. Start to come together a little by little. Like I said we do not have a large crew. We're just trying to balance between you to have a large crew and get it down the center. Spend this as much money or a small crew and get it done later by the same amount of money. So we're going with a small crew just a choice just because of the fact that the way the house is set up and everyone working and the weather. You get too many people here just basically stepping all over each other. Okay it only had some some electrical wires ran into here so let's some let the work going corridor. We've probably been here all day. They're from Tarlec both the plumber and the electrician are from Tarlec. The whole team is from Tarlec so they're down here this week or maybe longer to the job is done. I presume we're getting update. The lady jazz I just don't want I don't like getting her up to them when they're working and talking each other when they're working. There's James she's going to probably go get something probably near the end of time. So I can always get an update later. Jessie breaks away with lady jazz so that's the update. It was real quick like I said they're working. I just want to get in and get out of the way. Body folks it's just going to be the updates are going to be like this for now. My priority is to home not the video and taping of the of the actual process of the home right now this time before a little bit pops out. A little bit of student pop out in November. Third week in November not sooner. So that's what we're kind of doing here. I'm going to talk with former too at some point they're going to start doing it all over time in his recommendation so they can meet that November. Excuse me November deadline and everything and not sacrifice any quality and I appreciate doing that. They're going to put them additional three hours a day over time the whole team. That's what we're talking about. They want to increase the people just increase their hours. They're away from their families anyway so you said that they can use that additional three hours just to keep them busy otherwise they'll be tossing back some and pedora. So this way we'll get some what's the word I'm looking for. Make good use of their time let's just say that. Let me just keep it simple. It's my brain stop making my videos anyway all the water has gone from yesterday the last previous video. That's good. All right folks I'm going to stop here then see if I can get it updated what's going on myself. Thanks for joining us. Child bite. Oh no we're done filming I forgot to come outside. Just get the last one here. You see the difference with four the other day today and we've got to get some more cement just to make a hundred bags of cement. I'm trying to call a hardware store and they're trying to find the truck to get us a hundred bags over here. We can finish good plaster then I hope that's all it's me just a hundred more. Not we owe them more. The job is done. Oh I'm sorry about that. I got him on the film. I'm going to show what they're doing here. I'm going to have to add that out. I think we're last. I just want to show this. I want to get on the backside to see what there's I don't think there's any. It's been done on the backs out of the house here. So I'm going to bring it around here and close this one out and just add this out to the video. By R.J. he's mixing the skim coat. Start putting it up on the plaster walls. He has assured his sister and I this is one of our towels that go into the bedroom. He has assured us that it's going to be washed clean with no scratches. So he has assured us that it's going to be washed clean with no scratches. He's going to take his tongue while you say finger. So anyway he's mixing up the skim coat. Once again it's just a process he's doing. He's repeated over and over again. I'm going to slap it on the walls. So I'll just got to get the white mixture and do this thing. I'm going to first get the work done. And then after that, and then we go folks. This is how they do it. That's how the skim coat makes the skim coat. Yeah. You know all the men here were under the direct supervision of Queen Jazz. Lady Jazz. This is her position as she is soon as she's here. And she's going to get mad be saying this and taking a video of her. She's scratching her tongue. But yeah we're here and we're just waiting. We're ordering some additional materials from the foreman to be delivered. We're getting some in today. I think 20 bags today. And then tomorrow the remaining 80 and then we're getting some other materials from the plumber to be delivered tomorrow. And then we're also going to we've called up the tiles for the first floor. Kitchen dining room, living room. And the tiles for the veranda to be and the toilet for the downstairs to be delivered by Friday. And then we're going to go and pay that off once it's delivered. That's what we're here just doing today doing. We come every day just to see if there's anything else that we need to order. And keep it moving. We've also been informed by the foreman. We asked him and he said yesterday they're going to start the overtime today. With everyone except the electrician and the plumber. They're in the contract work. So we've started to put the rice together. Excuse me, the rice together starting to cook the rice and some other things. Here, they eat in the meal. So they're going to be here to like eight o'clock tonight. So yes, we're going to meet that third week in November deadline. Hopefully sooner. So we can move in a little bit. Hi folks. Anything else? You know, I'll video it. Well, he's putting it there already. Okay, let me finish the process. He's got the mix and takes the trial and there he goes to work. That's all of those people. A little bit. I didn't do what he's got to do. Put it on and then move it out however they need you to do it. Hi folks. That's my beauty.