 Beautiful view here everybody. Little hard on the feet if you don't have the right shoes. Beautiful view here. Found another nice little perch here to get a good camera view of the beach. Just haven't had a boat going by. Beautiful beautiful day out here. In Maravellis, Sisman Beach. Maravellis, Patanand, Philippines. A rocky beach. Beautiful area and the kids are really enjoying it. So while we were out here today, I wanted to give you guys an example. One of the advantages of living like this in Philippines. If you're living here, you're already located here. There's many places just like this where you can go and spend a day with your family. Or buy yourself or wear some friends. Very little cost. That's one of the things that I really love about living here. We lived here part of the year. And it's one of the great advantages I think. It took us about an hour to drive down here from city of Paloma. And then as far as the cost, it didn't cost us anything to get in here. This is a public area. And no entry fee or anything like that. We cooked some food, brought it with us. So you're probably talking about, I don't know, maybe $10 worth of food and drinks. Brought the ice chest, food, already prepared. And that's about all we have invested in this day. You know, our drive, so not much gas at all. Maybe $10 worth of gas. $10 worth of food and drinks. There's five of us today. My wife, and myself, and my stepson. My mother-in-law, and nephew. So we're able to come to a place like this on a Wednesday. We came down early this morning about eight o'clock. And we just got done eating lunch. So we've been here about four hours, almost five hours now. And probably looking about $20 for the day. And there's many places like this we can go to anytime. That we feel like we want to go or we have time to go. And that's one of the really great things about living here. We're in the United States, and we live in Oklahoma City. We don't have anything like this anywhere near a Sano-Poma City. And if you live somewhere like this in the United States, you're probably going to be spending a lot of money on your property, on your house. Or maybe you're fortunate enough to live somewhere where you can travel. The place is like this, but some of the places in the Philippines, very unique. So really one of the main things I just really enjoy about being here is going places like this and being able to do so. Really it's very little, any expense at all. This place here happens to be close enough where we can just drive down. It's been as many hours as we want to here and then drive back home. And of course there's many, many other places that we could travel to. That would require staying overnight. But the hotels and everything are most of the resort. In a lot of the areas you might want to go to are free cheap. So even doing that, you know, you're not talking about a lot of money. So very appealing to me, very appealing to a lot of people. That's one of the great advantages of living here. If you were to retire here. So I just want to kind of mention that. It is a huge plus to being here. Being able to go to some of these places. Very easily, depending on what area you're in. There's places just like this all around Philippines, every area. As its own really great places to offer you. No matter what island you're on or what area you're in. You're going to have somewhere like this if you can get to pretty easily and quickly. So great day here with the family. It didn't really cost us anything at all. And playing around here in a beautiful place. Having a good time. That's a big part of what it's all about for me. Staying somewhere like this. This is a big, big plus. A big perk to be in here. So if you're new to our channel. We'd love to have you subscribe. If you like the videos, give us a thumbs up. Share the videos. And we'll see you guys on the next video. Thanks for watching everybody. Take care. Bye.