 Yo, yo, I can't. This is insane. Is this a Filipino Freddie Mercury? People have recommended this and linked this to me and said, Yo, this my pee Filipino Freddie Mercury. He just in general was doing a karaoke and absolutely proved something. And I am excited to see it. No spoilers. I'm genuinely excited to see it because I love Queen. And I just love so many of their songs and Freddie Mercury literally created so many songs with that beautiful unique voice he has. My goodness. And now this guy is going to be singing Love of My Life Cover. Love of my life over me. Listen, I'm sorry. I didn't do that to your ears. I'm sorry. Seriously though, let me excited to see this. Let's just see it. Okay. Hold on. I'm really excited to see it. Hold on, bro. Oh my god. No, no, no, no, no, no. You don't know what it is to me. Yo, yo, I can't. This is insane. I can't let it jump. Yo, man, move that way. I'm gonna have to do it again. I'm gonna have to do it again. I'm gonna have to do it again. I don't know what was happening with Yo, they had to talk to the camera guy. This is what I love Freddie Mercury for when he was a kid. He and I played and he just... I've been learning Bohemia Rhapsody piano. I knew that for a while. I was just paying attention to Duke out of the way. Maybe he didn't know that I was recording. I didn't know what was happening. I just was focused on looking at the guy singing and I was like, I'm gonna get out of my way. Sometimes I do that. You guys ever do that. Sometimes I do something kind of mean. Without knowing what you just did. Sometimes I just do that. I just focused on something tunnel vision on that guy singing. I was just focusing on something tunnel vision on that guy singing. I just focused on something tunnel vision on that guy singing. I go get out the way bro. The next thing you know, it's like that president. And then I'm like, whoa, I didn't even know it was you. I'm just saying get out the way because I didn't see. That happens. Okay, that happens. But who knows, maybe he's telling him somebody. He's robbing his car. I'm sorry. I never know. But with that, the singing absolutely insane. Absolutely insane. Genuinely. I have never seen anything like that in my life. I've been so afraid of Freddie Mercury. You know the way that he sings. But the way that this guy did that was phenomenal. He hit that perfectly. The Freddie Mercury song perfectly. There's no better way to do it man. That was it. That was one of the most special experiences I've experienced. That was phenomenal. Genuinely. And look man, I want to say thank you so much. For whoever recommended this. This was one of a kind. This was something I will never, ever forget. Ever. And I love you guys. Thank you. So, so much for watching. I really do appreciate it. Today, if you liked it, leave a like. If you loved it, subscribe. If you want more, let me know down in the comments below. And yeah, till next time guys. Peace. you