 Okay now we're going to here to need some foods We will go take a nap We're going to have lunch So we have Sascha Good morning guys Welcome to another new vlog here with Maria We're having a party Powering and Jonathan is on the bus already because today we are going home to Cabana to Anciti but it's only you're going for a bus to do anciti. But it's only going to be a stopover for us to pick up a car and start our road trip here in Luzon but that here's here Jonathan I didn't find. I'm watching all the bugs. It's guarding the bugs on the bus. But today is their first proper day in the Philippines. Marianne's first. Look at the Philippines that's why they are sitting at the window so they can pick all the things that they don't need because they're fast. There's nothing beyond the bus while riding. Bleach. GMA. TV. Got breakfast. This is their first meal in the Philippines. Just a bus stop. Bus stop. Breakfast. They got a show-pow. I'm on a show-pow. Show-pow. Show-pow. I'm going to take the short-day style. They're coming to the Philippines. Nothing on the motor to Italy. You should try the one in 7 or 11. Yes, that's so much better. The car in first thing she said it's like what fun he was going on about the whole time she was here first bite into the tinapa it's sweet. You can have a take your foot off this. It's a bus stop. I hope you can have a take your foot off this. Everyday, everyday stomach is okay. Let me think you'll put it there. The bus stop. They're in the Philippines. Yeah, they're in the Philippines. I don't think you must wear this hat. It changed that much! you dont like some quinone It smells like... to Scarves This is the dosage It is an equality I do not understand I use Country implication Oh yeah, an equality You got me It smells pretty good but they talked about the bus since when you are leaving home And added fabricsims and other colors there are limited edition its style is a style with a boots I love it how when someone is just arrived to the Philippines even every small details that are so normal to us and even we don't notice any more living here for so many years they are so obvious like that there are holes on the bus ticket but I like the most here is like but the biggest difference in Hungary and the Philippines with this is the convenience and the comfort like happy girl you just sit on the bus in Hungary you will have to buy your bus ticket at the driver when you get to look as to buy yes, you don't have to look at it I'm not comfortable the comfort of that here is very comfortable and convenient you just sit for this coming, bus ticket is coming just relax we arrived to Polacan going to Polacan and the gypni view is very popular very ancient, ancient gypni form, I'm going to take a taxi to take a taxi to take a gypni you are beautiful you are beautiful hi, I'm a foreigner you are beautiful you are beautiful wow you are beautiful I speak I speak I speak wow wow wow we are home you guys, at least my mummy lost place so my mummy is birthday, happy birthday everyone is happy birthday in the comments this is the feast that is going to be current and marians, first proper meal in the Philippines we got literally all the necessary party foods we meet each other, we have a touch the falabos, fancy it's a fancy falabos, it's a very different style it's fancy, check out the masher it's a calamansi, it's a very traditional style, it's a very traditional style for children I'm giving a guide of what is what and how to eat it it's all food that is eaten in a very specific way like karekarei, it comes with a bogeyong and the calamansi for the fancy it's a very traditional food it's a very traditional food mmmm, it's a very traditional food karekarei mmmm mmmm, it's very tasty it's very tasty yeah everyone is happy, our first visit to the Philippines is to eat karekarei who are not vegetarian is it Cantonese? yes, it's a winner a winner mmmm, no no mmmm happy smile, it's too it's the food mmmm mmmm it's so tasty she can't first take your iti check ha ha ha ha ha ha ha it's a very tasty food we are here in Assam now and having an entertaining show sing Claudia in her mom this is the most interesting thing to see someone about the man yes we came to Assam because we are starting our trips tomorrow so they want to shop things they still need get money from the ATM and they are very impressed buy the money from the ATM because it gave the new kind of cool 1000 pesos karek is blogging it right now she can't get enough of the cool 1000 pesos the design, so there she's so happy for her yes because she said it's cool that it's see-through and then it has a punk ego she said it's so cute ha ha I wanted for Patalo Bon but it's worth too much to just give it ha ha ha so now that the joy for the cool money in the Philippines is done we can get some cosmetic things they need, some things for travel that they need and then we are ready for tomorrow to start the travels for our road trip for our road trip yes we are starting the trip similarly like how we did with Fanny and then we are also flying to another island to another region of the Philippines so time for shopping for everything we possibly could need for our trips we are done in Asam it is to more number good this is and if possible like a new S.E.R. more slash Robin's on this is the more available it comes when we like really need a lot of stuff current is bargaining on her new crocs they are very impressed by how how full people are in the shops Maria was saying that it's so nice that they just walk around the department store and there are people helping them like to find the products they need they don't have to like roam around cluelessly alone right now to getting access to get their perfect chinelas chinelas it's the way of doing a chinelas shopping a budget chinelas this is the good money if you ever come to Cabana Tuan City of course we have Asam this is where you can get all the good bargain deals it's like the green hills moes of Cabana Tuan City they are very into their sleepers shopping already they are crocs definitely crocs crocs with an egg as you could possibly come with carrots my breast will look like this for sure for real crocs even the chinelas it's tampoco very satisfied. 180 pesos for cinemas. Thank you. Thank you. For your pleasure. She said this is a way better model than us. This is the real local spot. Yes. This is the real local spot where you will only go if you are with local like us. Yes. I am so happy. I am so happy. I am so happy. Bargain shorts, all the stuff. Last scene for the day, guys, we... Everyone is tired. I think I felt at home. Not so much. I am tired. They are not tired. We just came to the family restaurant. Actually we were just discussing that this is where oil. My parents slept here, my friends slept here. Now they sleep here. It's an exclusive hotel for the Hungarian. This is the vlog finishing interview question. What is the first time you are here? So fun. It's a lot better than us. It's a lot better. And there is nothing more. I don't know if it's better. Maybe it's a shopping day. What? You are like a vegan. Yes. This was just like... This was just a day that we used to get here from Manila, pick up the rent, talk. It's over there. And then buy everything they need and then going to start the trips tomorrow. And I'm very very excited. There will be a whole of what was both today. The shopping hall. They are very satisfied with their purchases. Oh. Oh. The cow rink wouldn't stop with one croc. She has two pairs of crocs. Yes. It is the pink one with my cute shibazos. Oh. And then she will wear two at the same time. If the cute one and is the pool one. Cool one. Wow. They are not sure how they will bring oil. This is home because they actually came to the Philippines with just a buck pack each. They didn't bring a suitcase. And it was their first day in the Philippines and they already did that. A lot of shopping. So we will see how we will end up going home. That is quite costumer. Thank you. What do you think of me? As me. I don't know what to do. It's hot all my life. But I think it's okay if you think you're a sponk one. There was a lot of me. What other and there were you a few years ago? You did love me. It'll be a picture of you too.