 Good morning world from where are we, Sturry? From the bike shop where I got my first story bike. Yes. This was your fifth birthday present. But it was. We're taking it into the repair shop aren't we? We're in the dumpster right now. Yeah, it's because of the wheels, wasn't it? Yeah, you've got a bent wheel. So you're... Do I? You have a bent? Oh I can. Yeah, somehow. We're not sure how it happened. I've been riding it and it's bent like... I've just had an idea of how it might happen. Yeah. It might have happened. I think it's because maybe the tyre got too flat and then it kind of bent because it was too flat. Maybe. We're not sure but... We know, we know. Jace just gone in now to see if they can fix it and whether it will be just a kind of quick fix or we'll have to leave it here, we're not sure. Fixing is the best. While we're in Dapper, there's actually a children's playground here now. So we thought as we were making the trip to the bike shop, yep, it's just found the corner. We might check out the playground as well for story, but the weather is very, very panicked right now. It's not very good weather at all. I believe the playground has been covered over now, so it should be OK. And it's there, so it's got black fields on it at the moment, but they're both damaged. This is the... Oh, it goes... Oh, I should make kitchen. Do you want to put it against the bike in the seat? Yeah, I think it looks pretty good. Well, you like it that colour. I do. Well, without painting it. Yeah, there's a little bit of paint. You can see what kind of... You can see what... That's a day of... Oh, I'll take a picture for you. This is the bike shop I got my bike from. This is actually a new bike shop because they moved it. There is a whole new bike shop that you see, there's some wheels up there. It is... Yeah, it's a brand new. Daddy. Daddy. It's a brand new. It's a new shop, you know. OK, so this is a new shop. It's similar. And there's lots of bikes over here that... As you see, there's a bike being fixed over there. Oh, I didn't notice that. They also have glasses in here. They have lots of car parts. They have... Oh, because this is actually the jewelry section. They have bracelets. They have watches. They have earrings. They have lots of stuff. There's some surfboards up there too. I didn't notice that either. Lots of stuff is... Stuff that I haven't noticed. I like the new bike shop. There's helmets, there's bikes, seats, there's... I like the bottles that over there. Lots of bikes. The bikes is the main part. So what did we buy a story? These. These. This is wheels. Yeah. And you're going to paint that, aren't you? I'm going to paint them for you, yeah. Yeah, I can choose what kind of stuff I like. Can you mix colours with spray cans? With spray cans, you can go to a paint mixing shop, but I'm just going to use what I've got to save some money. We tried them as ears, but they don't look very good on the bike. I will paint them. Very blue. It's very blue. It's very blue. It's very blue, especially outside. It's the same colour as Poppy's blanket. Yeah. It's so raining. Yeah, the gutter. Oh, the gutter. It's so difficult to go to a park. Yes. Oh my god, it's getting soaked. Under the umbrella. Last time we came here, I didn't have a roof, did it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is the island needed this, actually. Yeah. You get to get some musical. It's a thing called. A funnily enough. Now that they've put the roof on here, and it's here ready to go. The story is getting a bit too old for this. Yeah. I was thinking I'm going to get lost. They cost 30 pesos to get in. They've also got this kind of soft floor here that they've put down. And quite a new park. And the park is amazing. Just swing about. Last time the story came here. We've branded, wasn't it? Yeah. This was before the roof section. So, the brand that was sweating away underneath there who was hiding under this bit was quite funny to watch. He's sliding along like a flood. So now we're waiting for the story to play her heart out. I wanted to talk about something that we see in our comments a lot and we get messages and emails about. A lot of you guys who have perhaps left the Philippines a long time ago or you're living abroad now. And you watch us and our journey and you say that you admire us for living in the Philippines despite its difficulties. It must be hard for foreigners to live here. And honestly, it doesn't feel hard for us, which is one of the reasons why we have decided to stay. For example, we've come to this park today. Didn't have to pre-book anything. The fee was cheap. The foreigners paid the same money as Filipinos, which is amazing. That's something that didn't happen when we were in Thailand. There was a bit of a discrimination between foreigners and locals which did feel a little bit like distancing, but here in the Philippines we don't get that, do we? No, not at all, no. So, it's 30 pesos. The story to use this playground for an hour, which is about 50 feet. Yeah. The equivalent of in British money, which is really cheap. Yeah, it's actually met a friend, so they're running around playing chess and going down the slide. So, it's like what? A minute in and she's already playing with someone. Yeah. It's one of those places where on paper, from abroad, it looks really tricky, especially with the food. You know, people say, how do you survive here? It's a vegan family, you know, eating in the Philippines when there's a lot of meat base, but I mean, there's vegetables everywhere. There's a lot of freedom here, which we don't get in the West, which is something that we're really drawn to, the fact that we can do things without too much planning, even stories schooling, for example. She is on a pay-as-you-go basis, so if we go two days a week, it can be any two days of the week, and you don't get reprimanded for that. So, if you have other plans or other schooling plans for whatever you want to do, you're allowed to do that. And that is very special because it's something you do not get in many places. And I don't think people realise the value of that, how it makes you feel, and we've really, really embraced that feeling having been here on the islands. We didn't know that that existed until we came here to live. So that is one of the reasons why we feel like living in the Philippines actually a little bit easier for us in a way, once you're here. Just relocating away from the loud music. They've got some restaurants behind here, which we've eaten at before, for the upgraded this place. Oh, are they? Oh, that was a bad move then. Are they all wet? Right, maybe my plan to relocate wasn't really worth it. Seeks are all wet, and they're actually playing loud music at the school as well. I notice they've got a toilet block here as well, and there's a cleaner walking around doing some cleaning, which is nice. It is quite clean here, isn't it? Yeah. I'm not sure, I'm sure, or any mess. And all of this still actually looks quite new. Yes. Floating with a deteriorated, quite a lot. Hey, having fun? Rale. Rale. Rale. Nice to meet you, Vale. Nice to meet you. So I know some people could argue on the flip side that living in the Philippines is good until it's not like if you run into some trouble with your health or you don't have the right kind of insurances to cover you from stuff. And a lot of the regulations that we have in place in the West, they don't really apply here as often. So it's kind of up to you to decide what you think is important and what time in your life. And again, I find that quite freeing and liberating that I'm not forced to do anything mandatory. First, D. Yeah, you can have some water. You having fun? Wow. I've decided to go for a little wonder about story plays. This is the new entrance to the Dapper Playground. The last time I was here was when we first pulled our new car, parked it down here. And since then, they built this brand new restaurant, Usla. It's massive. It's just popped out of nowhere. And if you keep walking down this way, you get down to the beautiful, beautiful harbor. I can see some promising blue skies over there. It's been raining for a few hours and Dapper has already pretty much flooded. All the roads were like this too. And this is where we catch the boat when we want to leave the island, whether we're leaving by car or whether we're leaving by passenger ferry. That's where you go. You might check out this restaurant. See if there's anything for us to eat in there. It's a Filipino restaurant. So it's unlikely we're going to have anything that's vegan, but it might be something vegetable. It's the famous Dapper sign. I always enjoy seeing this when we come back from our journeys off the island. Makes us feel like we've returned home. So we've come to Usla to get some food and coffee. Ordered an Americano to orders of that. Story enjoyed her playtime. Everyone upstairs section to this restaurant as well. So this place is really what Dapper needs. More places like this with views like that. And now the sun is out. It looks outstanding, doesn't it? This guy's feeding this doggy. It's a bone. Just going to get you some water. Yeah, that's why. Wow. Salam, Hamay. Alex, good, isn't it? Very nice. Oh my gosh, she's so cool. Enjoy. How's it going? Super cold. That's a nice screen. She'll favorite drink, isn't it? It's like a good fun ice cream. Yeah, we always ask for no milk just in case milk goes in it. This one's got a little bit of sugar in it. Just slides into the body, isn't it? Yes. I've just paid the bill. 720 pesos. What are you two doing over here? It's beautiful over here because those lovely, lovely mountains in the background. This is what's trying to work out with this is pure plastic sugar. Are these sugar wirelands or not? It's a coral maybe. I'm not sure we have to look it up on the map. The coral is not that close. True. It's a coral as far. Yeah. So I just checked it out on the map. We are currently looking at East Booker Scrande. And then there's Middle Booker Scrande. And then at the end of it is the coral. So those are the big islands we haven't actually explored yet. They're not classified as Chargau, I don't think. But on all of the Chargau tourism stuff, there are chips over there. Plenty of stuff that we haven't actually explored yet. Especially because during the pandemic a lot of it is closed. So maybe they're opening up now. I have found some barnacles. Yeah. And I tried pressing one down and there was like juice coming out of it. Yuck. I was like, they must be in the middle of the darkness. Maybe leave it alone then. Yeah. How's the water? Is it warmer cold? Cold, yeah? Yeah. I'm always amazed by the clarity of the water here. Considering we are right next to a port. You know, this way you get all the big diesel boats over there coming in and out all day. Very cool. Yeah, the water is like just like going to General Luna. See, right through it. I've spent about half an hour sanding stories wheels down and eventually managed to get off most of the paint on one side. But it's actually really hard to get this off. So hopefully I can get them all like that on the rim and then start painting them so we can get it back to the bike shop and have stories wheels painted. Nice kind of greeny kind of. I've got like a minty paint. I want to put on them about the same kind of as the shirt that I'm wearing. That's going to be cool. I think it's going to look really nice. And this is an upgrade because these wheels are aluminium so they won't rust in the future. For a bicycle that pretty much stays inside the house, you can see how corrosive this environment is. They went rusty even though they're not wet and they stayed indoors with the air conditioning on. So, Shark Out is a tough environment for metal. I will finish that job later. Well, I hope you enjoyed today's video. Did you enjoy your day, Bobby? Shooting out like a princess? Hmm. I think this is just a weird dog. We will see you in the next one. Bye! You