 A 1956 high school exchange students in USA debate on prejudice. Philippines, Japan, UK, and Indonesia. They're all gonna be basically doing a civilized debate. And in particular, everyone has told me when I was linked this, that this Filipino boy who is 15 years old, he is brilliant. We will figure that out. We will see this and see what's going on. They said, this is super interesting. Just give it a try. And day, I'm excited to watch it and have you guys watch it with me. So let's just please get into this 1956 high school exchange students USA debate. Let's check it out. A foreign discussion on the roots of prejudice. We'll be talking about what our prejudices are, where they came from, how they're nourished, and perhaps even how to get rid of them. Let me introduce you to the four student participants in today's discussion. Ratnavi, East Kandari Nata, high school students, 17 years old, and also a talented dancer from Indonesia. From Japan, Yoriko Kunishi, whose lovely voice you've just heard. From time to time, we like you to get a sense of what we do in all those times when we aren't having serious discussions. We very often get Yoriko to dance or sing for us. She does both. Wow. From the United Kingdom, 18-year-old Judith Reader. Judith's got a bit of a cold today. It did not come from swimming in the Atlantic Ocean, although she assures us that when she's in England, she does swim in the ocean during the winter. From the Philippines, Raul Contreras. Raul will be 16 years old, patriotically, enough on the 4th of July. He may admit some prejudices, but one he obviously doesn't have is a prejudice against women, or he wouldn't have been willing to appear tonight with three women being the only male on the program. Now on this question of prejudice, perhaps we ought to start out by trying to define what you think prejudices are. What do you think prejudice is, Ratnavi? I think the Judith is a feeling of hate, of people. I say blue or in the field world, to other people. You say a feeling of hate. Do you think prejudice is as strong as hate? Yes. Oh. When there is somebody, if yes, a prejudice, then they answer, will be, I hate such and such. Well, I suppose that is true. What do you think prejudice is true? I found that if somebody's distinguish between two white men, it is not prejudice. But if somebody distinguish between a white man and a colored man, it is prejudice. I would define prejudice as a rigid opinion formed about a certain thing before there has been a just examination of the facts. When a person loses track of the dignity of the human soul and begins to judge others, not on the basis of their being persons, but on the basis of race, creed, economic status, that is prejudice. OK. Well, is there a view whether you have any prejudices? Well, I guess so, Mrs. Waller, and being brutally frank, I am, well, prejudice against Japanese. Well, not to be extended that I hate them, no, not that way. But I got this, well, as a result of World War II, because, well, I guess I was yet too young to understand what happened during those times. But I think that what my relatives and friends and the people who were witnessed through that unfaithful occasion, well, they just more than justified the fact. And I think it's justified for me to feel the same way, because I know that my people suffered very much under that rule. You still as prejudiced against the Japanese, as you work? Well, five years ago, that prejudice of mine was slightly fading away. But when Japan's stubbornly refused to pay reparations to us, well, the prejudice began to brew again. But now I found out from close contact with Urico and other Japanese, that Japan isn't ready to pay reparations yet, because, as Urico said, some of them, and most of them, even have to suffer the cold in the classrooms, because they can't afford to heat the schools. Urico, you've got any prejudices? Well, I don't have many prejudices for Philippians, but many Japanese people hate Korea, because the president of Korea made the line his own line on the public sea between Korea and Japan. And if the Japanese officials go over the line, they were caught by Korean people, and they can't go home for a while. We are trying to be friends for Korea. Now that we've started, we'd better go on around the circus. Judith, you got any prejudices? Oh, admit? Yes, I bet admit them, although I'm English. I have a very foolish prejudices. You're probably love. This is a very kind debate. I'm a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, I was put myself on my guard, because I have a silly prejudice that all red-headed people have terrible tempers. You know that there is passionate as a color of their hair. And then I have another silly prejudice, for example, when I first met the Australian delegate, Elizabeth Woodgate, who hasn't been on television, I was shocked by her accent, because to me, it sounds just like a cockney accent, word in England. And I hope I'm not conceded on anything, but a cockney accent in England, you know, most English people would shudder a little bit when they hear it. But she very frankly told me that she shuddered when she heard my accent. I got paid back for that too. Why did she say she did? Oh, I think she imagines that she said she really had to forget my accent in order to like me, because it's too formal. I gather most Americans think about that about English as well. Right now, how did you turn? Well, sometimes I think the cutest superstar, Dutch people, when in school when I learned a history and learned how the Dutch people treated Indonesian. And I'm some other prejudices of my own. That's, I hate people who are proud and feel that he is the master of the other people, and who says that he knows everything that anybody else. Let's come back to you a minute, Ralph. Are there any prejudices in the Philippines between groups of people? Yes, they're existing prejudices between groups of people. As a matter of fact, most of us still well, are prejudiced against a group of hybrids. Those who have more Spanish blood than Filipino blood in them, and we termed them as mystezos. Well, these incidents will usually occur in the schools. As you know, I'm in a school run by Spanish monks. And well, we have a lot of, we have a lot of those of that group studying in our school. And usually they are, they are favored. But we think, and well, we think that we are right in saying that they are sort of aristocratic, conceited and high-headed and soreheaded and all sorts of adjectives. And they have the foolish idea that they have the royal blood or royalty in them. Well, how do you get along with these boys in school, Ralph? Are there any problems? Well, frankly speaking, I don't get along with them pretty well. As a matter of fact, we usefully fight with one another. Do you have a very good etiquette? Many American or European soldiers after the war. And most of them married with the Japanese girls, not only formal wedding. And they made children who called the hybrid. And I think the hybrid have nothing to be punished. But some grownups didn't treat, didn't use to treat as the Japanese children. And grownups also used to treat the mothers of children. Japanese people thought that the mothers of hybrid are not good, they are horrible. Because they married with foreign people, foreign boys. And many Japanese people don't like to marry with foreign people. Because they have them. They change that now, though, right? This is 1956. Customs? And they consider it a different way. You still have a strong, may I say, prejudice in Japan against marrying people from other countries, don't you? Oh, yes. Yes. Can you tell us something about the status of women in Japan? We had a strange thing. And you've been telling me the strange things could you? Can I smooth about it before the war? This is the most formal. Solid debate I've ever seen. Japanese people thought that the white people are horrible. Because they are almost red hairs. And everything is so big about bodies. No. What a few people still think so. In Japan, we think that something to be beautiful must be small and delicate. Like a flower. You can hardly apply the word delicate to some of the big soldiers we sent in Japan. You could do. But I never knew that you looked down on us, because we were big. That's very interesting. We always could be proud of the if we Western men at all enhance them. We could fit it out. It's crazy. Cultural differences, like the small and great kids. What you said about skin color, Yoriko, I've heard that the Chinese speak about us as pink people, instead of white people. It's so much more difficult to be proud of being a pink person, isn't it? Oh, yes. You have pink first. My girl, face it, you. You're the same. I feel scarlet. Right now, let's get out. Yes. Judith, since the flip is so many colonies, and well, let's say, nearly all of the world, how do you feel to have people and a colleague of yours? You mean, you have some pretty Judith? No, I personally don't have any prejudice, I hope I don't, but I know that a lot of Europeans think of the Asians, for example, as rather lazy. I don't mean to be rude, but that used to be the impression we had. You know when we started our colonization, we thought we were doing good for you. I know that you dislike, for example, in Indonesia, you dislike the Dutch there. But they probably thought they were helping you. They were not helping us. You mentioned that we are lazy. Well, we are not certain, exactly lazy, but they didn't give us a chance. And we didn't get experiments to build our country. Well, Judy, I don't think all Asians are lazy. No, please, you only understand me. I said that was a general opinion. Maybe not now, I hope, say we know. A general opinion, but well, it's not. It's sort of wrong to say that they are lazy. Let's just say that they've got the very flat feet that they can lift them up. Because you've got to consider, for example, the climate in most of the regions in Asia. Well, it's just, but natural. You can't just work with all the hot, the warm climate around you. Of course, you'd always feel like finding yourself or going to an air-conditioned theater, something else that we're in scold. Is there not only this difference of climate that explains a difference in tempo, but is there a difference in philosophy, too, that perhaps we in the West have and appreciated our London? Well, as far as I know it, and well, I think you've mentioned it in this program that engines think that they should never saw in their hands. And in the Philippines, I must admit that, well, resort of inclined to get white collar jobs and swivel chairs. Most of us do, especially the New College graduates. We don't want to wrick with our hands. We want to have, well, big bosses and with pretty secretaries around us. That's the common tendency. Could you give a proof that we are lazy? Oh, gosh, no, you put me in a corner. I was trying to give you an example. You criticize the countries which you criticize as such, for example. But I know the British were, they started doing their colonization. They tried to help the countries they were in. But do you think that we were backing in and taking away your opportunities? Well, yes, I think so. I'll give them an example about the death set. We didn't get a chance to be educated for a sample. That was when the Dutch were there. Yeah. And do you think if the people in the colony get the chance to get free, you will get them? Do you think? Oh, now we're getting right off the surface. See, my friend from Malaya is very glad that Malaya we got the independence next year. She's very proud and she tells everybody that she tells everybody that Malaya is going to be independent next year. Dude. Do you think that if you do that to the other places, then you will make them satisfied. You see how they let them finish the sentence? For every way they can satisfy. Every country wants to be independent. That's unnatural. But there comes a point somebody to decide whether they ready to receive their independence. But I know we can go off on another long arm, do we want to go back? Maybe we can have what I'm sorry, Rob. I was about to ask them, what do they think are the most common or basic causes of our prejudice? Is it a mainly skin color? Maybe. Do you mean the, oh, do you mean, for example, taking the American rubble in the South? I guess taking the American side of it, it's just that the white people don't want to mix themselves up with the colored ones. So what about the colored people? Perhaps they don't want to mix with the white people either. What about since you brought up the American race problem? I'd like to ask you, is it as bad as you thought it was going to be before you came? Or is it better or worse? Well, I think it's what I've seen here and what I've heard while I am here. And what I have read in the newspapers, it's just worse than I expected. Don't you agree, Joe? No, I don't agree. In England, we don't hear too much about the American problem, except of course, when a certain case came up. And the Supreme Court decision, we heard a lot about it then. But not too much. And when I came here, I had imagined from that the tiller case that things would be really terrible in the South. And I found that there's a real feeling of optimism here. I stayed in the Negro family. And I was able to see the position, really, a bird's-eye view of it, you might say. And the first thing that impressed me was that the Negroes themselves were not happy about the situation, but were pleased. They were grateful for what progress had been made. And they were sure that the situation would continue to improve. They said that two weeks ago, in New Jersey, that you stayed in the Negro family. And I was in the Negro family. I know that was in the northern part of conditions there, and I was very impressed with that. They said it would be a slow process. But things were gradually improving. It was a matter of breaking down tradition. I was very happy to find that. I'd like to know some of your other experiences with Yes, Yorika. I've never seen any evidences of a rigid, rigid practice in the United States that I've found out that most Negroes are labors. And they don't have high positioning on business. But I was very glad when I saw the Negro girl in South Orange, Columbia High School, who was vice president of the Student Council. I'm glad you came to here. To the 1956. Here in New York, in New Jersey, I don't see any facial segregation or something like that. But when we stopped in Williamsburg and we stopped in Nagel School, I saw it's very strictly. I mean, the Negroes go to the special Negro. And I was talking to some of the girls in the school. And I asked them how they feel about being segregated. But they said that they don't mind about that. And what they want is equal rights. And there are some places that they can go such as a restaurant or some clubs. And I think that since all Americans claim and emphasize that America is the most democratic country in the world, and as far as long as segregation exists, I don't think it's a democracy. Yes, segregation is just, no. Well, adding something to that is a little bit, well, in the pledge of allegiance to the American flag, you mentioned something about our pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States, America, and the Republic for eight to stands. One nation in the visible under God with liberty and justice for all. Well, the last race just as it sought everything. I mean, with this segregation problem here, and the discrimination against colored people, how in the world could that be? You notice how he says colored people too? Liberty is the justice for all. What everyone else is saying? In one of my hospitality periods, I didn't expect that even the kids could carry it that far. I had the, well, a privilege, I should say, of attending one of the dances sponsored by one of the civic groups. And I just noticed that, well, it was a big dance floor, and all the white kids were assembled on the left side. And the most, well, shall we say, not strategic part of the ballroom, but all the colored boys and girls were in there. And I never saw a white boy asking a colored girl for a dance, nor did I see a colored boy asking white girl for a dance. I had enough the experience too. When I first arrived here, and I told, I happened to mention to a group of young people that I was going to stay with the Negro family. One of the boys got up and walked out of the room. And I felt awful. I thought, well, we're in the north now, not in the south. And then when we did go into the south, I really came against it pretty hard. We went into this big store, and I was in the latest playroom, and I was washing my hands, and I was with a group of the Eastern delegates, rather darker, skinned ones like Ratnati. And I was standing a little apart from them, and this lady came up to me, and she pulled me to one side, obviously, assuming that I was American. And she said, what are these migros doing in here? And I was so cross, and I very, I told her, as calm as I could, that I was with them, and who we were. And of course, her attitude immediately changed. But it gives you sort of a nasty shock when you come up against it face to face. You read about it in the newspapers. You hear about it, but you don't really realize the significance of it until it hits you in the face yourself. I think the major cause of the prejudice is skin colors. I don't know why, but I think the white people think that color people have dirty skin, and they don't have progressive culture. So the white people, the most great, great, and the wonderful person in the work. Thanks. On this matter of skin color, we're here in the summer. You'd see lots of Americans on all the beaches trying to get brown. Significantly. I wonder what that really means. I think we white women have an inferiority complex. The East and women, and the Negro women have a sort of reputation for being so beautiful. I guess it's just... I guess you just envy us colored people. I can feel it. Is there anything corresponding to that? And... Well, I think so, Mrs. Waller, because in the Philippines, it's just funny. There's a common tendency among women. Well, those who have a dark complexion, I should say, or just a tan one, or just a brown complexion, well, especially these high society matrons, well, even if they've got already wrinkles on their face, they still want to bleach their skin. Suppose you meet one right now, and you say, oh, good morning, and you see that she's just tanned and brown. But after three months, you meet the same person, and with the hot, with the useful society walk, and trying to be very dignified, and cultured, and everything. And you just notice that her face was sliter than before. And when you look at her hands and everything up to her arms, well, you'll be likeable to explain Holy Moses, because there's a real, very great difference, you see. She's about very light here, but you look at the arms and everything, and the lower part of the body, but she's just a very great difference. It's collared here, but it's very light. They really bleach their skin. They do, Mrs. Waller, they change. What about Japan? Japanese women don't want to change it anyway, do they? Some Japanese women... Alright, how did you say? Die? Die? Die, they're here, red. Really? Yes. They like red hair, but I don't like it. What about Indonesia? Well, as the Western people try to get dark skin, we try to get light, light of skin, but... So everyone's always trying to get something that they are, and it's... It's sun, I mean, the... You're such a nice color now, I guess. When we go out, then we use some long-sleeved flowers to prevent from the sun, so we don't get a fancy dark color skin. Tell me, what are your governments, if anything, doing about problems of prejudice? You've each mentioned some prejudice that exists in your country. What are your governments doing to try to eradicate it? You mentioned the prejudice against hybrids. You mentioned the prejudice against hybrids, too. You haven't told us much about the position of women. Otherwise, by the way, let me ask you right here. Are women any freer in Japan now than they were before the war? Well, before the war, there was no democracy. And women belonged to men and men controlled women and everything. And... How long? May has the first opportunity to everything. Even getting out of the door, women had to open the door first. And men passed first. And in the buses or theaters, men took first. And if there's no seat, women had to stand up. I'd love to live in Japan. But they can't live in America, they can't live in Japan. Is it changing at all? Yes, quite changed. And now, women can vote. And women have equal opportunity in everything. Judith, you were talking about your prejudice against cockney accent. I'm over to go. Is that still very strong in England? Is prejudice so-called aristocracy against the cockney? No, I didn't think it's a very serious problem now. Especially since the war. You know this idea that the English speak either with a cockney accent or else with a very aristocratic accent. That isn't true anymore. And we certainly don't despise people anymore if they speak with that. If you go into the House of Parliament now, you will often hear a North Country accent or a Welsh accent or even a cockney accent. And we're proud of those kind of people because they are the people who got us through the last war and nobody would dare say anything against them. In fact, if the aristocratic accent, which is the other side of the fence and people laugh at that now, they're just afraid. In fact, you may think that my accent is a little cultured but I assure you, back in England, I have not quite a cockney accent but still an accent. At least you mean to say you're a school mistress, would not totally approve of you? Oh, no, I should be corrected. I hate to think what's going to happen when you go back after three months here. Siddhuah, you're right. You're right about that. I wanted to have time to ask you what you thought individuals could do in terms of eradicating prejudice. But our time's almost up. Anybody got a quick answer? Well, I guess we should carefully examine the individual first before passing any judgment on him. If we ever pass a judgment, we should be just with him. That's a good note to end on. Thank you. Bhatnadi, Noriko, Judith, and Rao. Next week, we're going to continue on this subject of prejudice with four delegates from Africa, one white and three colored. The delegates from the Union of South Africa, Gold Coast, Ethiopia, and Nigeria. First of all, it feels very surreal to kind of see footage from like 1950s and I've always seen videos online from really, really old times and stuff like that and it would feel so surreal because, you know, this is way before I was born and in people having conversations, people living lives in these times, regardless. If we were to talk about this debate as a whole, I feel like it is one of the best debates. I think I've personally seen. I mean, everyone got a chance to speak. Everyone got to that out of the sentence and how they felt about everything. Such an excellent debate. And on top of that, the Filipino boy, he was very, very well spoken. Something about the way that he would explain himself. He looked very confident in his own skin and about what he had to say. And he had a very nice etiquette about him that I really, really liked and I enjoyed this debate a lot. It was really, really nice just to see a really good debate and just have a conversation. I definitely enjoyed it. Hopefully you guys did too and I want to thank you so, so much for watching. I really do appreciate it. Hey, if you liked it, leave a like. If you loved it, subscribe. If you want more, let me know down in the comments below. And yeah, till next time, guys. Peace.