 Wanin signan lang uda sayang isमyo Patter to malit Waow Kahit coormanin It's morning guys. Walk up in beautiful Banawa Or at the having breakfast at the back. It's really exciting because last night we arrived after the little adventure This road 3 with our car breaking down, driving over an hour in the Peach Black road. And we didn't see the view at all when we arrived. So, cover in a marionette. We're going to have a walk. We're going to have a walk. We're going to have a walk. When we arrived, so cover in a marionette. We're going to have a beautiful Banawa. So it's like an exciting reveal. Now we're having some breakfast before starting the day. They're trying their first door tongue-tongued with banana ketchup. Autantical sensei. It's very authentic. It's trying to eat it very authentically. It's very authentic. It's very authentic. I'm sure everyone knows the name. It's very intense. It's very intense. It's very intense. It's very intense. So we're starting the first day in Banawa. We will of course look at the viewpoint for the Banawa ride stair access. But then we are going to have our ride stair access. We've never been even with Jonathan. And I know there's also like some kind of hot spring there. So it's exciting day for us. But we are not even starting the day. But the car in a marionette. It's just this chapter. And checking all the details. Since they didn't even see anything last night. Just checking all the beautiful plants that are leading up on the staircase. Taking pictures of the monoc on the balcony. This is the reveal time for the village of Esau. Yeah, it's just a little bit. Yeah, the car in is so happy looking around Jonathan. It's the same like when I was first time in Banawa. I'm still very happy to be here. You guys know probably if you've been watching our previous vlog with the Banawa. It's really like my special place. Like, relieving like my first experience as true color. And because she's reacting exactly the same. And hanging out of the window. And just so amazed with everything. Because this place is so unique. Even if you are in the Philippines, in other areas of the Philippines, this area will be completely different. And like a completely different experience. Which is also a reason why I love to tour my friends here. Because they get to see how diverse the country is. And they love it. See? It's just wow after wow. The little mountain village road. The beautiful mountain view everywhere. Just look at this. It's fantastic. And it's a battle of time. You're a pig. We arrived to the first view point. We never failed to amaze our visitors. The Banawa ride started. The first view they are all ready and happy. Yes. Morning, Paul. No, we're going to the pool. So, three. Oppa. Oppa? Oppa. We learned here in Banawa that the official pose to do at the ride started as is Oppa. Oppa. Oppa. Oppa. My poor aunt, we got. Good morning, if you go. It's a little bit difficult. My poor aunt and we... My poor aunt, we got. Oh my god. Oh my god, Papa. Oh my god. I was practicing my local dialect. If you go. Because you guys know that every area of the Philippines has different languages, different dialects. And what I was researching is that in Ifogawa, but especially in this local dialect that they use in Banawa, it's called annawi. Hi, Salamu to you. Ifogawa. Oh, Ifogawa. Oh, Ifogawa. Oh, Ifogawa. Ifogawa. Oh, I will try to remember. Ifogawa. Ifogawa. Ifogawa. Ifogawa. Oh, Ifogawa. No, no, no. It's still beautiful isn't it? It's very beautiful. It's my favorite you ever. My fourth time in Banawa and I can never get tired of it. And I'm always getting a bit emotional. And I'm here. I don't know why. Just look at this. I don't even know why I'm showing myself. Just look at this. Fixed is looking at the view. Fixed a house, the view. It's pretty. Oh, you're not going to take it? I'm not going to take it. The Korean is just making Korean Hungarian black saying that she will move here. It was already decided after 10 minutes spent in Banawa. We are done looking at the viewpoints. We could have looked at the viewpoints on the way home to but this is how the experience is. We want to share the experience with them how we had it when we first came here. Now we are driving to the How Power Istero says. Yes, this is what I was about to start saying that the curvy mountain roads are starting once again. The Korean is hanging out of the window. The kids and locals not to think are so happy because she's just being full. Yeah, because she's with the full mouthful of smile. Just hanging out of the window and so happy so everyone is waving and it's the cutest thing ever. We even left them up just like when we were going to Batal. Google doesn't even know these roads. We like to walk. Leap stick? There's a girly discussion on the back about Leap sticks. It's good for you that one. But does M Brown use to? No, right? Important girly discussions about Leap sticks on the way to the right. The right side first is here is Ha Pao. That side is another village we call it Baam. So that side we call Nung Gulunan. The half east spring that we are going to visit is at the foot of the two mountains. This is the most beautiful mountain. These mountains are when they are resting the rice terraces and preparing it for planting. And then it's like January when they plant the rice and then February March when it's the best and green. The covering and marion could come now. So they get to see it when it's not actually planted rice. But they are still extremely impressed with the view because it's still beautiful. Wow, what a nice view. What's actually looking? You like it when you look at the view. It's so cute, it's nice. The color in the shade is so glossy. It's like this because it's a unique way of seeing the rice terraces. The other side is a bit too big. It's a bit too big. It's a bit too small. She said it's nicer. Not just boring green. Oh, there's a mom I've been telling you about. Yes. And then you buy? We will do when we go there. We started our hike. The weather can't be this high today. It was so foggy and cloudy and cold at the morning and now it's super hot. Now that we are starting the hike, it's just going to be around an hour hike and through the rice terraces until we reach the hot spring. I hope it's all your in the background. It's okay that it's not a very long hike because for Karin and Mariana, especially everything takes extra time stopping at every little detail, enjoying the view, the village, everything to the most. And of course taking pictures of every single little detail, like every hundred meters, the fun is popping out and snapping some pictures. Beautiful. To all my fans that I'm wearing a mask. We just discussed how our tour guide in Jonathan, so the locals are dressing up as the sun came out and covering themselves from the sun as much as possible. By the way, it's not for COVID. Yeah, some people in the comments are like, why is Jonathan wearing a mask? There's no COVID anymore. It's against sun protection. People actually hear motor cycles and exposed to the sun all the time wearing a mask. So our tour guide in Jonathan was dressing up before getting naked. Tour guide, bottom. Tour guide activated. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. She's looking for dinosaurs because this burns only exists at Bucking in the days this size when there were dinosaurs. And I like dinosaurs so much. See, this is what I said just walked a few minutes and then something interesting. I saw it. I find the dinosaurs. Like dinosaurs. So cool. Here we are not just going through like rice terraces but actually going inside of the village. The covering was like, why? The people actually leave here because in Hungary usually when you see beautiful nature spots, that's going to be like a tourist spot. Like, the village is just good there for the nature but here it's combined with like actual local life. Because people actually leave here of course forming the rice terraces but for them it's really like mind-blowing that people actually leave in this beautiful environment. Just, it's just part of the village. They are surprised about all these little details which I love. They are truly like enjoying every single moment. And even see how the stairways are like the pathway on the rice terraces I made. Using rocks and mud and there's even like a little device. The wooden device that helps them to push down the mud. The covering is actively vlogging it also. The main thing is that the water is very strong. The water is very strong. The water is very strong. The water is very strong. The water is very strong. The water is very strong. The water is very strong. The water is very strong. The water is very strong. The water is very strong. The water is very strong. The water is very strong. The water is very strong. The water is strong. The hot water is nice but I didn't want to... how is it called? I don't want to submerge myself more so I can try the cold one first and then soak in the hot one after. We are all gonna test it how cold this cold spring is. I'm trying to help you get that. Ayo, ay baya, ay baya, ay baya. Ayo, ay baya, ay baya. Oh, na, ito lahat ko, Jordan, but I was expecting. This is my noban, it's me. I'm not like that. Absolutely not. Jonathan is the only hero in here. Oh, no, it's so cold. It's cold. This is happening. Let's go to the hot spring. Oh, this is the nice, somebody would you suffer in the cold water. And this is so nice and warm. Guys before we leave the hot spring, we just change into dry clothes and then it's also time for the momo action. This is what I never know how to peel it properly. Peer by your teeth. It puts a 1, 2, 3. For me, I don't like to put that on the table. It's for the other. But some. Also, you also chew the hair. So you have actually some texture to chew not just the tiny seeds. Okay, this was what was unclear. For us, this is why I always wanted to try it with a lofah that actually used as a moment. So we know how it's done properly. But other than that, we pretty much did the same so I'm proud of ourselves for covering and maybe we're marrying to try it. I'll try for a minute and a half. Okay, cheers. Five minutes. We're fast and tired. Five minutes. Where's Nami? Oh, my shirt like my own me. Oh my God. It's slowly, slowly. It's not too close. And this is the first. Wow, it's so big. It's going to be red. Ah, it's coming red. It's expert. Red. I'm going to eat red. What? I'm going to eat red. It's a little bit red. It's not red, it's red. It's amazing for us to eat red. I like it. I know. It's red. It's a little bit red. It's not red. It's not red. It's a little bit red. It's not red. It's not red. It's not red. I'm eating red. How are you doing? I'm eating red. I'm having a lot of fun. It's good to eat this. It's good to eat. It's good to eat. It's good to eat. It's good to eat. Oh my God. I don't know if you're going to eat red. Of course we couldn't visit. Every time we will have visitors come to the cordelieras, Mom always have to be part of it. Of course. Of course we cannot come here and not have Mom. They need to try. Yes, it's always the best experience. I mean like the most fun and funny thing ever. Of course you can't miss it. They also love this of course. Mom never disappoints. We are still walking through the village. It's getting dark. Our visitors are really enjoying. Of course us too. It's just so joyful to watch their joy. Stopping at every little plant, every tiny detail. Everyone is really enjoying this. I don't know if you are feeling happy or not. Everyone is happy. It's so fun. Now we are going through a different road. And we are going through more villages. So there's even more interesting things to see. There's one of these if-go houses. I just explain them how it works that we also learn during previous trips. How this part stops like Rodens getting into rice, stored in the house. So much details to take in here. I tried to show the wine, but it's already in the course. Yes, it's true. We arrived at the accommodation. The Korean and Marianne just had a massage. They are in full spamut. We also got from our tour guide, a homemade rice wine. And it's different than other rice wine we've tried before. Because she said she... But did she do with the rice? She rode that. She rode that rice before making it. That's why it has this darker color. I wanted to show you the full bottle. But it got turned out very fast to the glasses. To be fair, it's very quiet right now. Actually, it's 16 Celsius only right now. We need some rice wine to warm up. Don't like usually smoky things, but it's too hot. That's a good one. Yeah, it's a Ttutong wine. Ttutong wine. Ttutong wine from How Power Rice Terata. How was their tour today? It was fantastic. Fantastic. I wanted every day.