 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today we're reacting to the Battle of Martin Short Animation. This video is requested to us by Juan de la Cruz. Thank you so much. We truly appreciate the recommendation and all of the recommendations that we give from you. We need more Filipino recommendations. Please. Very much so. We have not, we've barely gotten any. And we used to get quite a few of them. Yeah. But if you're wondering why you haven't seen a whole lot of Filipino content, it's because we're not getting any recommendations. And we like doing Filipino content, same with Malaysian content. We need more Malaysian content. But if you would like to request a video, click the link in the description. We'll take you straight to our discord. And there you can click on the video suggestion box and drop the link to the videos you want to check out in there. Before we hop into this video, if you would, go ahead and give us a thumbs up. It truly helps us out and getting these videos out some more people. Also, if you would go ahead and click the subscribe button and the bell notification icon. That way you guys can stay informed on our future videos. And if you would like to help support the channel even more and get an exclusive YouTube short shot, I'll click the join button down below. Let's hop in. Let's do it. I kind of feel like a medication disclaimer. Disclaimer. I'm like when I read off that file. Yeah. The studio, the studio is based on the actual events. Depends on the characters backgrounds, costumes, ornaments, our portrayal. We're all great based on our creative interpretation. It may not be fully accurate. They totally understood what we said. As the story of Lappel Lappel continues, during the 15th century, according to Pika Fettas' history at Count Books, the greatest and the famous class fight encounter between the chiften of a ton island, Dato Lappel Lappel and Frigen and Magellan made him battle in Macdon or Dabit. Could have oogh and some Macdon happen. So if I'm not mistaken, the battle of Macdon was the initial battle where the Spaniards were colonizing, or attending to colonize the recordings. Come and do their thing. It all started. Let me know in the comments. Frigen and Magellan's commanding or regalination. They don't have the word on C-exponation from Spain. I mean, Yuckin still tell life in Subu. And just for the record, obviously we didn't create this. So if there's any inaccuracies, which based off of the artwork alone, I don't think they would have not done their homework and really figuring out the history. But just in case it's happened to many times before, let us know down in the comments if there's any inaccuracies. Yeah. The tribe leader and mingled and made friends with the native locals in the tribe. Magellan was able to convince the tribe community in Subu for them to be baptized to Christianity in accord to the wishes of Magellan in spreading Christianity in Subu as well as to other neighboring islands. Magellan, with that intent, tasked Rah-Homabun to convince the two daughters who ruled and led the botan island to be baptized to Christianity and pay their alliance to the kings. He's kind of shaped like I am. Who? Oh. Oh. He's round. He's just exactly like he bro. Oh my God. Bane, save lives with everybody. Like the Request of Rah-Homabun. Chief Dindatul Lappelapul prevailed and made strong stance for refusing to obey Rah-Homabun's request. This prompted Rah-Homabun to ask Magellan's help to fight against Dato Lappelapul for a strong defiance to Homabun and Magellan's order. So when Magellan received a confirmation regarding Dato Lappelapul was refusal to be baptized to Christianity and defiance to pay homage to the king of Spain, this triggered an anger and hatred between burden and Magellan soldiers and a chieftain, Dato Lappelapul's native finding warriors, whose egos were touched. That's so we come to your country and you don't wanna do what I tell you to do and you don't wanna believe in what I want you to believe in. So we're gonna kill you. Just so you know. So I'm like what, 48% Texan Mexican and then the other 48% is like Spanish. So American and Spanish, I apologize for both of my people. Sparks, the start of the famous battle name, Battling Maktan, at early dawn on April 27, 1521, Ferdinand Magellan with dalley and ships sailed towards Maktan Island together with 60 soldiers, armed with guns, in clad, in body men and shield armors. Since it was low tide, the gallean ships couldn't go near to the shore. Almost six steel Magellan soldiers started sailing together on the smaller boats towards the shore. Could you imagine if they didn't have the smaller boats? And it was just the ships. They all had to swim out there. Hold on, guys, wait. That was a long swim. Please don't shoot us or kill us. Yeah, like hey, we can't get to you. But screw you. Let us know down in the comments. Have you all heard the, hey, what's your name? Zikil, blimp, you Zikil. Kind of like that. That's what I pictured. These two guys yelling at each other. I've never heard that. Shut up. I'm gonna play it for you later. Okay. Kering with them, their European weapon of supremacy. While on the other side, Chiften Dapulapulapul, Stan's- They're just watching them. They're almost 1,500 native water boats. Did you know it'd be dope? So we are, is that not? Mm-hmm. So we are going to Malaysia, hopefully by the end, if not at the end of the first quarter of next year. Right. So was that March? Yeah. For any, because there might be a couple of kids that don't understand what a quarter of a year is. So we've got, we apparently have plans to get tattoos there for my guests, a local like traditional tattoo artist. Is that what it's a Malaysian tattoo shop? So we'll find out. But I think it'd be cool to get something representative on one arm and then on the other arm. Whenever we go to the Philippines, like it's something representative of that. Well, I want to get my tattoo covered up with Malaysian tribal. You know, you want to cover up your choice tattoo? I want it wrapped around to integrate with my back's tribal. But I want it to be Malaysian tribal. So you're going to cover up your back then? No. It's not supposed. They're going to be like, put me up here and then. Poisonous arrows for the incoming attack. The battle first started with cannon fires coming from the galleon ship that costs panic and fear among the villagers. But since it was low tide, the cannon's fire. You're not going to be able to village house. That's not allowed here. Sure. So Magellan soldiers started shooting at a native fighting warriors and some also started burning the village houses. The villagers started yelling and anger and shouting with utmost hatred in their hearts. They're trapped. They're signaling, implying preparation for the attack. It's a retaliation to the upcoming aggressor and the fears, bloody battle, erupted between freedom and Magellan. Should be high tide at this point. Yeah, is it sundown? Well, no, they came at night. Yeah, so it should be high tide at night. Low tide during the day. You're right. But it was dark. Is it a high tide at night? Yeah, it is high tide at night. No, it's not. Yes, it is. No, it's not. Hey, Google, is it high tide or low tide at night? According to MV organizing, actually the moon is in the sky during the day, just as long as it is in the sky during the night. It's only that it's very difficult to see it during the day because the sun is too bright and compares. What the hell are you talking about? The wind's rising as much during the night as they do during the day. So there's no such thing as high tide low tide apparently? So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. So there's no such thing as high tide. soldiers were found dead and some of Magellan soldiers gradually retreated back in the galleon ship. Ferdinand Magellan was left with six soldiers who were trying to protect him but eventually failed to do so. Magellan was hit by poisonous arrows on his neck that caused his death. That ended up the battle between Lapu Lapu and Magellan. Chief Tim Dato Lapu Lapu to get out of his fellow man. I wonder how long that battle lasted. Right that's a good quite I think that'd be really cool to know but I don't think because it was in the 1500s I mean there's probably no yeah there's no way accurate way yeah but I could only imagine it was they could have told stories but 20 minutes right with 60 people versus he said a thousand or three yeah even over quick yeah a cheap victory over the famous battle name battle in Maktan. Dato Lapu Lapu was victory on the battle in Maktan marks a history making Dato Lapu Lapu as the first Philippine hero. As for the body of Magellan the locals decided not to give it to the Spaniard soldier but instead they kept it as a memorial. A monument was built exactly where the place for Giden Magellan had fallen. As for Lapu Lapu his relationship between Rahabumabun was gradually fixed and according to the local legends Lapu Lapu Lapu has those buttons to the stone and guarded the Maktan Sea. I inferred this. There were also oral stories spreading that every fisherman in the city has their thorough coins at the stone shaped human statue as a way of asking permission. I've heard them to fish in the island. Are the human shaped stone statue? That's human stone shaped stone statue. That's a really cool story guys if you'll have other stories like this we would absolutely love to take a look at them but of course if you're still watching this video please hit the like button if you want to see our future videos hit the subscribe button and the bell notification if you want to support us directly hit the join button and with that being said my name is Miles my name is first thanks for watching guys peace out