 Good morning everyone, hey Joe here. Today I'm going to talk about business in the Philippines. When you're a foreigner in the Philippines there are no jobs in fact there are pretty much no jobs for Filipinos to a good point which is why they had to generally have to go out of the country such as Saudi, Canada and other countries to get some work for their families. So if you're a foreigner you're going to retire in the Philippines, you're going to have to create a business and you have to do this at a hands-off arms link approach. Okay so I'm an experimental filmmaker I used to manage Stahlworth's talent in America. You know some 25 years ago I was a personal photographer for the late the bodybuilder actor Dave Prouse who was the original Darth Vader who wore the costume and I worked with Peter Mejew who wore the costume of the original Chebaka and many more. I did some photography for Dave Prouse on his book Straight from the Forces mouth volumes one and two. I restore and film with Bullock's vintage movie cameras so those are film analog cameras to those of you who don't know. So I'll be showing you some of that we're going to start filming in 2023 some experimental horror films here in the Philippines. All right so more on that and just a bit. Okay so talking about business here in the Philippines especially as a foreigner the way it breaks down for foreigners it's like this. Filipinos want you to buy you know not sell so if you're going to have a business here in the Philippines which are going to have to all right it's going to have to be your Filipino family who's going to be the front people for it. If it's a restaurant it's a great business. Very profitable and food. Okay so those are some tips for you there. All right. Okay everyone so this is my work desk and welcome to it of restoring Bullock's vintage movie cameras. I'm currently working on the shutter gears right here make sure everything's working properly and clean before 2023 of filming and here's the clapper for S.I.J. it's all about choice my experimental horror film set in the Philippines for 2023. So I got to get more work done on this camera here. Okay for those of you who don't know this is a Bullock's 816 16 millimeter reflex camera motion picture camera. It's a vintage movie camera. It is a wind-up camera and you do so with this arm right here. It ain't right I'm turning around and I've got a lot of work to do on the end side here and some adjustments to make here and when this is done by just before 2023 will start filming S.I.J. it's all about choice. So everybody this is my work desk here again and what I do all day long besides working on special effects, gore effects and that type of thing my experimental horror films. You're gonna need to find some type of business fellow foreigners that you are gonna have to do on your loansome in order to survive here in the Philippines besides a pension okay some type of business sorry sorry stores which is the ones I've been showing in my previous videos very popular selling consumable and non-consumable goods but this is mine and we get a great team if you're interested in my experimental horror films you can visit the morbid team entertainment FB page and my other YouTube channel Paul morbid and for any type of repairs and that type of thing all right so that's what we're doing here so far. So fellow foreigners if you are a retired foreigner such as myself the Philippines is a hotspot and has for what I do for filming locations has lots of beautiful resorts locations even right outside your home the banana trees waterfalls things about this nature and everything like that so that's what I enjoy using for my scenes and locations and again got a great team and they can't wait to start working all right so just wanted to share that with you and that type of thing do subscribe this is Hey Joe and until next time see ya