 This is what a thousand dollars gets in the Philippines. $400 US dollars for a private island is actually not that bad. It's very normal in Miami to pay $200 for a very mediocre room. So, $400 for private island. What's up Philippines? Welcome back to another reaction video with the host Nilly. I am very very happy to see you again. Today I am reacting to a creator that I've been actually following for quite a few years. I recently met him, said hi and he has a Filipino girlfriend, lovely girl, lovely people and they have been traveling to the Philippines. And today I am reacting to his video of what can $1,000 get you in the Philippines luxury private island. So, I'm super excited to see what he has to say. I would just say, let's just jump straight into it. This is what a thousand dollars gets in the Philippines. Hi, Star. That Philippines is an affordable paradise. And previously I have shown what $100 can get in the Philippines, but today I'm going to show you what we can get with $1,000. So today we embark for our crazy private island resort. But of course we need to get there by a boat and first off we need to get to the port. And not quite sure how we're going to do that with all this luggage. And the main way of traveling is getting these tiny tricycles. We're going to go see if the locals have a solution. Alright, it's always a challenge. Yeah, if it? Yeah, I can always fit. So he's saying that these and us are going to fit in one of those. Maybe you can do it? I don't think so, but I think we're going to make it happen. Okay, there's one thing I can say is they always make it fit. It's either on the roof, on your lap, he's holding it and it will fit. It will fit. It's like a glove. Those didn't get any more perfect than that. Is that going to fall? Yeah. Yeah. What? Oh, I love the budget content. Good morning. Oh my gosh, guys. This place is incredible. I honestly feel like I'm in a dream right now. Check out how cool this is. Oh, so bad. The Lagoon room, which has this awesome, huge balcony overlooking the lagoon. You even have this chair right here, which is perfect for reading a book, starting your morning off with some coffee and just relaxing to the ocean. Then the room itself is beautiful with the decor and all the attention to deep. That looks lovely. As you can see on all the counters and even behind the bed, they have all these cool beets in the glass that you can see. As well as even the art, the desk and the wood that they use, you can tell that they really put a lot of heart into this place. That's kind of like the main theme of the Philippines. They just put heart into everything. Then if you come through here, it's beautiful bathroom. They have this huge shower with the beautiful exposed stones as well as they told us that this also is a bathtub. I personally have now taken a bath in anything like this. So very hot. I'll try that later tonight. It's no place I'd rather take a bubble bath than a private island in the Philippines. Then if you come outside, you also have your own private outdoor shower. So many options for bathing. Nice. Nice touch. Nice touch. How you want islands? High tech. Installed into the palm tree, they have this electronic system where you can hit to order your favorite cocktail, even get the bill and get it delivered, right? See your beach chair. This paradise. Bright smile here. Wow guys, I had no idea how massive this private island was going to be, but there's really so much to explore. They even said there's some wild animals here, some photo dragons. Oh! Right now it's kind of wandering. I don't think it's Komodo dragons because Komodo dragons are Komodo. What are you doing over there? Going what did you do if you see a Komodo dragon? I'm prepared. What do you do if you see a Komodo dragon? Staying close. Stay low and then run into zigzag pattern and then it's as if it bites you and then you're just done. I really hope we see one. I just want to watch you run into a zigzag pattern. But I do need to add that. The very dangerous though. Maintenance of this island is also so impressive. Everywhere you walk is just all these cool pads and all these amazing views and the nature. I only got so many good things to say about this because this is such an experience of a lifetime. This is so cool. Nice view. Right? The sun is now set and it even just started raining here on the islands. And honestly now that it is nighttime and there are some rain drops it creates an even more relaxing and quaint ambiance. You can still hear the ocean and the waterfalls and then the rain drops just hitting the lagoon. And now we did just make it back to our hotel room. That was nice. And what the workers did. I have never seen anything like this before. They just put the leaves and cut them with scissors into this beautiful, beautiful, beautiful bed. Wow. Enjoy your stay. That is the first time that I saw that as well. They had it in the night. Brett? I know well. Kaya Island resorts. We most certainly have. The Filipinos really do just put heart into everything. Ah, romantic. This really is a dream come true. Okay. Alright, since this is a romantic dinner it has been very dark and a little bit difficult to film. We got no well with the flashlight and this delicious shrimp fratiavla. They keep bringing out all these dishes and everything is phenomenal. This is incredible. Also, thank you Noel. Alright, that's good. This will go down as the most magical dinner of my life. No. We will see you guys tomorrow. Good morning, the day. Stop filming. You know, you shouldn't film your dinner date. I think it's not too much. Good morning from Paradise. So, after spending nearly 24 hours here on the Kaya Island, I must say it has been such a surreal experience getting to just unplug from the world and be somewhere so remote on this island in the Philippines. And even though there is actually pretty great wifi here on the island, it has been so nice to be on my phone list, on my laptop list. And just take this as a time to relax. And we do unfortunately have one more night here so we're not going to waste any more time and get busy. So we are here taking a bunch of content for the hotel. So this morning while the pool is still empty, getting some photos and Noel is being a trooper, hopping in the pool, being a model. Is it warm when you get in there or how is it? Well cold and we first get in but anything is going on. At least you do have the most incredible view. Should I come take a dip? Yeah, I agree. I am not just saying this but this has to be some of the best food I have ever had out of any resort I've ever stayed in. Oh wow, that's a statement. But they had chicken teriyaki which was incredible. Got some hash browns, some rice and then these ice blended lattes. Noel, I don't think it gets much better than this. It really does and it's so beautiful and like the user breathtaking. It's quiet. I want to be on this private island forever. Should we just move here? Yeah, exactly. I am contemplating. So let's back down on this private island cost. Well, depending on the time of year and which room it can cost roughly $400 per night. Which I lose the transfer to the island, the stay and the incredible breakfast. Now, I like to be fully transparent and wanted to say I did a collaboration with Kaewon Island in exchange for drone shots and footage of their island for a two-night stay. I am paying for the other activities and also lunch and dinner. But they do offer a bunch of free activities including kayaks and even a hike to the top of one of the mountains on the island which was pretty incredible. Now the next thing we're going to do, you could say this to show. Okay, $400 US dollars for a private island is actually not that bad. If you think about it, I've stayed in places. That cost me around $300. It's very normal in Miami to pay $200 for a very mediocre room. For example, at a hotel, so $400 for private island. It's in the video, but from being honest, I just really wanted to do this. So this is their spa. This has to be probably the coolest, most relaxing place in the world to get a massage. And Noel, we're going to be getting a two-hour massage. Wow. Overlooking the water. I'm so jealous. I mean, one two is like what I'm most excited for, I think. Yeah. And I feel like two. I personally never gotten more than an hour massage, but... I don't have anything. This is just going to be the most relaxing thing I've done all year. This place really is paradise. I love it. How are you? Good. One thing that I love is when creators who travel a lot get excited about things that just... They don't get in their daily life, like, you know, a spa treatment. Well, I mean, they could, but depending on what they live, but usually, you know, like I don't get it. This is insane. That's like really interesting. I'm getting your massage and you have your face right here. You have this glass floor, so you can see all the fish and the blue water right below you. And you also have the incredible view right here. We'll see you guys in two hours. Oh my gosh, guys. I just teleported to heaven for the past two hours. That was easily the best massage of my life since you have the noise of the ocean waves crashing as well as you get to look down and see fish. And even saw a couple baby sharks swimming by as if you were getting massage. What's so cute? I know you've had a lot of massages before, so how did that benchmark to the rest? That was... this is the best spot I've ever been to. Like, honestly, I feel like most bossy here in the audio of the ocean clip. And here is just like the natural waves. It's the real thing. It's the real thing. Yeah. So good. I feel like the most experienced. I feel loose now. I could like run in that zigzag to fight come on the tag and there's some things. Oh, I'll be too though. Going on the commoto dragon search after this. Once you say hi in my video, these are the machines this year on the island's incredible job. Best massage of our lives. Then we did get to experience a pretty gnarly storm which led to us getting some drinks at the bar. Here is tipsy bread and enjoying apple fruits before we made it back to the main lens. Two days just was not enough time on the kaiwan island. Since now we are back in El Nido town after surviving probably one of the craziest rainstorms going on the speedboat from the kaiwan island back to El Nido. And now after spending 40 hours on a private island resort, we still have 15 US dollars left over. So tonight's the plan is to show you guys what you can get with 15 bucks here in El Nido town. First, we need to get a tricycle. And now for dinner, we're going to be going to a restaurant called El Trove. Supposedly it's one of the best here now. Now all over the Philippines. I think that was a mobile caron. So after getting a huge pasta and a drink, it came out to $8 leaving us with $6 left. So to end this video, we are going to spend the rest of the night having fun doing some karaoke and getting some drinks. We're having a cook for $2. So after two incredible nights on a luxury private island, meals a two hour massage, plus having some money left over for town, that is what you can get for $1,000 here in the Philippines. If you guys did enjoy this video and want to see more travel videos for all different types of budgets, please make sure to hit that subscribe button and until next week, let's go. Lovely video! I am super stoked about traveling this sometime, hopefully in the future. So, Kali won an island resort. If you're watching this, please hit my feed. I would love to feature you as well. It's a really stunning place. I've seen pictures on Instagram and being that it's so close to the Lido and Lindo is one of my favorite places in the Philippines. I think I'm going to hopefully head this soon. Let me know what you think about this resort, how you liked the video as well, and if you enjoyed it, give it a thumbs up. Also, subscribe if you're new. Hit the notification bell for the next video coming because it's way more coming. You're way with some good vibes and that was it for today. Until you time, I'll see you guys next time on... What's up, Philippines! Bye bye!