 What can 10 dollars get you in Manila? That's the real question. Could you get you some jolabies maybe? Oh, probably could you get you some jolabies? Or you can maybe order some hollow hollow that they never have there? Yeah, they never have it. In any of the US jolabies we've gone to, like literally every time we're like, hollow hollow? Hollow? No, the menu. I guess one time. The other one was in Italy. I forgot about that. But yeah, Las Vegas didn't have it. And they acted like they had it too. Really sad. They banned booze with us. Maybe this is the Vegas one, but we've had some bad luck with these hollow hollowing. Very bad luck. Our next chance is going to be soon, hopefully. Hopefully. Watch out for that. Oh, oh, oh. All right, Philippines. We've heard from you guys that the Philippines is really cheap, especially like food and stuff. So we are really excited to go there and eat a lot of food, like a ridiculous amount of food. But what can 10 dollars get you in Manila? Which I assume would be one of the more expensive places in the Philippines. Yes, it's got to be. It's usually the biggest city in a country. It's going to be the most expensive. You go to New York. You go to New York. You're paying $4,000 for a month of rent. And you're going to watch out for those people because they are walking there. Yeah. Hey, I'm walking here. And your room will be the size of this room right here. Yeah, it's crazy. But let us Drew Bitsky get us to tell us today. Just look at Drew Baker right here with his Filipino friend. That's Drew Bitsky, boy. Yes. All right. Check out our travel channel. If you haven't yet, we are traveling around the world. We'll be in the Philippines eventually when the prices of the tickets go down because they are super high. But right now, Georgia going to be going to countries around Georgia. Have some vlogs from our last summer trip coming up on there as well. Fun. Check it out. Oh, yes, please. Drew Bitsky, what do you got today? Here we go. I'm Drew Bitsky. We're here in Manila and I'm with my local friend and travel vlogger, Anton. And we're going to get to show you a nice Filipino food. We can buy for 10 dollars. Can we meet up with Anton when we go to the Philippines? I think we're basically at school. It's definitely going to be awesome. Yeah. This time, I'm thrilled to be in the Philippines. Surprise how short the series is for our popularity. Interesting. Three hands. I call my Filipinos like the lights. This is the center of what they're doing better. Here is the center. There's so many food options here that I don't know where to start. Let's see what we can eat for 10 dollars. Whoa, what the heck was that? I was just curious. I'm weird to start. Let's see. It looks like a shormah, but it's like, like, there's a lot in Europe. They have those things where it's stacked like that, but it doesn't usually look like that. No, that is red and juicy looking. What is it? It's just on there. It looks like there's just like a lot of different meat like parts. Yeah. Like not just like the meat. It looks like there's something like maybe like, intestines stuff at the top of the floor. It's the first thing. Hmm. See what we can eat for 10 dollars. Oh man, you should try this. Let's draw a belly from like a potato chip. But I think it's worth potato chips. Let's eat. Let's make like this favorite for the video. I'm making quimmyo. This is gonna be a kind of guy. Yum yum yum yum yum yum. Backnet rice paton. A delicious meal. It's so full. It's so full. It's weird. Oyster. It's patient sauce. Yum yum yum. That's all what a food. Chicken in $25. I'm gonna put it down here in America. The number one, I call it food. Number one item in the market. I love it. Oh, that guy. That whole thing. Be patting. Have you tried Paris? I haven't tried it. Oh man. You can really just like drink it in your way. Oh, it's so good. This is one of the iconic Filipino desserts. From the Spanish. And it's called Leche Flan. It's a tec flan. Eggs and milk. Soft, melting your mouth. Kinda like a pancake. Really good. Pancake. In total, I got leche on right now. Whatever how similarly that is to like actual Spanish flan, which I like I've had that before. I would not describe it as a pancake. It didn't really look that much like a pancake. No. It's more like I feel like it's more like like pancakes don't jiggle. We're flan jiggles. Now pancakes flop those jiggle. Yeah, come on. Come on Drew. Hey. Wow, that's a pride. They did a two minute video and he ate a lot of stuff. Yeah, he'd for $10. And that's, if you're even in a male, male in America, usually a meal for $10 in the less than its fast food will not fill you up fully. No, even if you add McDonald's, if you get a $9 meal, it's probably like like big Mac meals might be more than 10 now. I'd say they probably are. I know like chicken nuggets meals are almost more than 10. That's ridiculous. McDonald's is jacking up the prices in the US. Yeah, I think I'd rather just go to Mac Shorma. Mac Shorma. Whoa, there's a place here called Mac Shorma. It's an upside down. It's out on the phone though. But yeah, this was really interesting. I wish there would have been like more actually showing the food, like more of a Mark Ween's video. Yeah, or explain it a little bit. This was like two minutes like pop pop pop pop. I mean, there's some stuff we knew, obviously in there. Like the late show and the intestines, Esau, whatever it was called again. But it would be cool to like get his thoughts on it. Yeah, because it wasn't any thoughts, it was just like wanting to get you. Put it in your mouth and then next. Yeah. So yeah, our videos will be longer than this when we try food. So I think we're going to make it look like two minutes and 30 seconds. Probably. Yeah, we'll put it in our mouth and then two ones and then we'll cut to the right. Yeah, heck yeah. We'll get together. Anything else? Well, hopefully you enjoyed. If you did, subscribe, like the video. Check out the Travel Channel. That's where our travel videos are and a good place to watch. See you in the next one. Bye.