 Popular Filipino snacks That's what we're talking about today. You definitely don't want to miss this one. Who doesn't love Filipino snacks? Stick around All right guys before we get started with today's video if you would be so kind to consider given the video like and subscribing if you haven't already. It helps the channel very much. We much appreciate all the support we get and we will get. So without further delay let's get on with today's yummy video. All right guys welcome back. Today we're talking about something that is near and dear to everybody and that's food. More importantly Filipino food even better than that snacks. Snacks Filipino snacks is a thing. If you're not familiar with Filipino culture snacks is a big thing. It's a bonding thing. It's a fun thing. It is for us in the West too. But Filipinos have some really delicious snacks. So if you're not acquainted with Filipino snacks I'm going to help you with that today and we're going to talk about 15 popular Filipino snacks and this is off of chefspensal.com. I also posted this on our Facebook group. The link for that will be in the description as will be this article linked to this article. So let's get into it. Filipino snacks man. Like I said there's so many good snacks. I mean that's why when I was there last time I must have put on about 10 pounds. I got to watch one on there. I got to make sure I walk. I got to make sure. I really because the food is tremendous and I've done a couple videos. I'll put the playlist link up here. My Filipino food playlist. We talk about some Filipino food stuff. Don't eat like a Filipino. Filipino food you need to try. So you check those out after you watch this one. But today we're doing snacks. So the number one on this list is chit-chirong or as you might know in the West. Pork Rines. I love pork rines. You're doing the keto high protein low carb diet. Pork Rines is a great snack. You just can't overdo it. You know but it is a good keto finely snack. Filipinos do pork rines but they call it chit-chirong. The opine that I think called chit-chirong in a lot of Spanish cultures though. But it is what it is. Short and sweet, simple pork rines. Love it. I love it here and I love it in the Philippines. Number two on the list. Dried mangoes. This is something really good man. I never I mean I've had mangoes before I got in the acquainted with Filipino culture but never the dried mangoes. Man they're fantastic. Especially the ones like from Sibu. I know there was like a brand that I kept finding it was Sibu. Something I'll see if I can find that and put a picture at a particular brand. But you probably see in a picture of a bowl of dried mangoes. They're fantastic. Really nice sweet tangy snack. You know it's like candy. But yeah that's number two on this list. Number three is a favorite of mine and I think it should be higher on a list because it's one of my faves. I think it's a lot of other people's faves too and that's banana queue. That is a very cool street food. If you're not acquainted with it. They take the plantain or plattenose. If you're a Spanish or you're acquainted with Hispanic food. You might know plattenose. Plantains. It's that kind of banana. I believe similar and basically they put it on a skewer and a barbecue that thing. I had it two different ways. I had it just straight up barbecue banana and then I had it in a food in a market in Ilolino City. I had it where it was like caramelized sugar on it and it was on the stick. Boy let me tell you something. Like I said that should be at the top of the list because what does it like banana queue? But yeah banana queue. So that's definitely so yeah they're saying here banana queue refers to skewers of deep fried not grilled bananas. Okay so I had grilled bananas and they called the banana queue also equal these good. So a little bit of a conflict here. Covered with brown sugar until the sugar caramelizes. So that's way out of it but they were doing it like in a walk or something when I had it that time. So this is different ways that they prepare it but ends up on a skewer. It's fantastic. It requires very few ingredients and no special cooking equipment. It became popular choice for street vendors as I just said. So it's a street food can't miss it. For you new guys you haven't been there yet banana queue. You need to get it. You need to try it. It'll be definitely if you like bananas this will be one of your favorite street foods. The fourth one is that controversial snack and that is balloon. Fertilized duck egg. It's up to now that's been a no go for me. I know I mentioned it in other videos. You're seeing a picture of it right now and yeah that's been up to now and no go for me. Well my wife likes them. The Filipino food stores around here sell it. As I said I might be inclined to try it on camera. I'm not going to commit to doing that yet. But maybe if I hear from enough of you guys maybe my wife and I'll do it because we're talking about doing a live stream. The live stream's coming but I want to do it with my wife and maybe we'll do that. It'll be fun because I never did it. But the most bizarre street food and a must-try delicacy for any foreign traveler in the country is below a developing bird embryo. Yummy. Boiled and eaten straight from the shell. This is a baptism of fire and almost every Filipino has eaten this at least once in their life. Yeah. So not my thing again but it's you know number four on a list. So hey give it a go. If you do get to the Philippines I want to hear in the comments. Non-Filippinos. Have you got have you eaten, Balloute? Are you planning to try Balloute? Do you if you've eaten it do you like it? I'm curious to hear what people have to say because I've not gone down that road yet. So I'm maybe hearing from some of you guys that are experiencing it's what it might convince me to give it a try. So let's move on to number five. Tahoe. I think I'm saying it right. Tahoe. This is influenced by Chinese cuisine. This iconic snack is made out of fresh soy or soybean which is also key ingredient used in making soy sauce. It is served with caramelized brown sugar called anonabal with tapioca pearl locally known as Sago. And uh just a word again for you guys that aren't real acquainted with Filipino culture. Tapioca is a big thing. You're gonna see that uh you maybe you know it here from the states tapioca pudding. That's as far as we go with that. I like tapioca pudding. Maybe a grandma used to make tapioca pudding with raisins in it. Good stuff. You can buy it in the supermarket here already made next to the rice pudding. I love it. You know it's funny too. With all the cooking they do over there with tapioca which comes from the yuka root which is cassava which is the same as yuka. I know Caribbean people eat yuka. The root to me it's a root and it looks the same. But from what I understand that's where the tapioca pearls come from. So just a little background on that you might hear cassava, cassava cake. This is all from the same root. It's pretty cool. I like all that stuff that comes from the cassava root but that's where these uh this one. This taho is made with the tapioca pearls and caramelized brown sugar. It looks good. It's served in a glass. It's a warm Filipino staple comfort food prepared before dawn and sold nearly anywhere in the Philippines very early in the morning. Tahoe vendors known as Matao walk the streets with a shoulder bouncing bamboo pole carrying two aluminum buckets. One bucket contains the warm Tahoe. The other contains the honorable and saggo. But I think this is a yummy one. So you might want to put this one on your list too. I've not had this one yet either but it looks it sounds really interesting. The number six I've had and this is one of my favorites, Polverone. Now Polverone is interesting. Polverone is a powdered milk candy. The same the name is derived from Spanish word polvo meaning powder or dust. This melt in your mouth snack is not exclusively a Filipino delicacy. In fact it is a type of shortbread popular in Spain and former colonies in Latin America. So I've heard Polverone before I was acquainted with Filipino culture because of the large Hispanic population around here in the New York area. But they're delicious if you not have them before. They're awesome with coffee. Love these with coffee. Very good. My wife makes her own occasionally. She cooks up the dry ingredients in a wok. Very interesting to watch. It's not something that you would add. They don't bake them any oven. They heat the dry ingredients in a wok and then they press it into a mold. It's at least seeing images of it right now. Very very yummy. They do ube. They do all different flavors. They do a buco pun ban and all different flavored. I've had strawberry ones. I've had banana flavored ones. I like the plain ones. The plain ones are fine. But I love them with coffee. Another one of those things don't eat too many of them. Or you'll put on weight. Like, you know, unless you got that metabolism that you can eat what you want. Not put on any weight. But these are delicious. These are definitely this should also be further up on the list because Polverone is really good. The next one, Panda Cocoa. Panda Cocoa is a Spanish term which literally translates into coconut bread. This snack is soft filled bun is popular in the Philippines. I think I've had these very good. You probably see in a photo of it right now. It is exactly what they said. It's like coconut in a roll baked in. Very good. Very yummy. Nice and soft. I, you know, talking about buns. I like the bread over there. The Filipino bread is fantastic. It's very, very good. So let's move on to the next one. Again, this is another baked good. This is another favorite of mine. We get them locally around here. All that is stuff we're able to get because of the Filipino communities we have here. So I have eat these on a regular, somewhat regular basis because I love them so much. But again, we don't buy it all the time. I'll be as big as a house if I eat these all the time. So number eight on a list and Samara. Samara is a pastry product that originated in Majorca, Spain. Its name originated from the Spanish word, saying, same meaning pork lard that is used as one of its ingredients. The Philippines, the making of this snack has evolved from using lard to butter or shortening together with flour, water sugar, eggs, cheese and sugar. I then added as a topping the classic and Samara usually made of swerld and baked sweet and dough. Pat it with butter or margarine and sprinkled with sinful white sugar. This is a very yummy, again, good with coffee or tea. I love these. So that's number eight and Samara. Very good. That's, that's, that's, hi on my list too. Number nine, Puto. It is a type of steamed rice cake. Usually served as a snack, paired with savory dishes such as dineguan, blood stew or pancete, Filipino chiamé. Puto is one of the most popular rice cakes. This steamed rice cake is traditionally white and color although it can be green or purple that it has pandan or ube flavor. Again, I was telling you earlier, ube, buco pandan. So they will flavor these, these are fantastic. You have to watch some of my, my previous video about the foods to try in the Philippines. Again, the playlist is going to be in the description and in the, the cards in this video. I had experienced the legendary lapaz bachoy, which is a noodle, awesome noodle soup that originated in the Lepaz, I was privileged enough. My wife took me there. One of my first trips to Ilo, good stuff, but the one place we went when I first had it was served. Big giant steaming bowl and noodle soup was so hardy. It's not something you think you'd want to eat in a hot humid 90 degree weather and seems more suited for you know January and New Jersey bowl of soup like that. But nevertheless, it was fantastic and they served Puto with it, which was fantastic. Went very well with it. My wife makes Puto. We have the steamer, she steams it in the steamer. It's very good. Again, something with the rice flour. I can't eat a lot of it, but I love it. It's very good. So Puto. So onto number 10, Manganghalal. Mango. It's mango. Mango is truly the national fruit of the Philippines and it is the third most important fruit crop of the country, after banana and pineapple. In the Philippines, different varieties of mangoes grow, which locals enjoy tremendously. Being situated in Southeast Asia, Filipino cuisine, also known for its sour dishes. And that is true. Thus green mangoes. So these are basically unripe and mangoes, especially real sour ones. They're a hit in Philippines and other nearby countries. You can commonly find green mangoes being sold outside schools or offices during lunch breaks. This salivating snack is best paired with bagong fermented shrimp paste. I don't do the fermented shrimp. I don't do the bagong. My Filipinos love it. It's what it basically said, fermented shrimp paste. So think about what fermented shrimp paste might smell and taste like. Think about pairing that with a super sour, unripe and mango. That is a wild combination, but it's supposed to be fantastic. I've not been daring enough to try that yet. Perhaps when I'm in country, I might be persuaded to try it, but I avoid the bagong. I don't even like to kiss my wife after she's eaten bagong. For you guys that are not acquainted with bagong and you have your girlfriend or fiance over there, you will be. Just remember me talking about bagong. Mengeng halal, unripe and sour mangoes. How about that? Who would think that would be a snack, but then nevertheless there it is. Number 11. I like this one. I've had it before. I don't eat it the way they eat it with the accompanying food. The name of this one is champorato. Now basically, champorato, chocolate rice is really what it is. The article is saying this is a thick chocolate porridge that is usually served for breakfast as a snack. Champorato is made by boiling sticky rice with cocoa powder, just chocolate rice. After it is cooked, condensed milk, our sugar is added to the champorato to further sweet in its taste. And sweetened condensed milk is used very much in Filipino cooking. Coconut milk and sweetened condensed milk. I see my wife using that all the time. Champorato got its name from the Spanish Champorato, a hot chocolate drink, thickened with cornstarch. The Philippines eventually came up with its own version and added rice to the recipe. How do you go? Regular rice can be used when making this snack, but using glutinous, sticky or sweet rice gives it a thicker consistency and much better flavor. I love the sticky rice, the glutinous rice. That's another thing. Whenever she makes that, I go crazy. I eat it all. I can't stop. It's like, it's really, it's like an addiction. I can't make it all the time because I go nuts with the sticky rice. Some champoratos made with coconut milk gives the dish a fragrant aroma and a much richer taste. This version is best eaten with salty side dishes like salted dried fish or bacon. I've not had it with the accompanying salty food. I just had just Champorato, like bowl of chocolate rice. It's just good like that, but I don't know, that's me. What do I know? So that's number 11, Champorato. Number 12, suman is glutinous rice, cooked in coconut milk, wrapped tightly in palm leaves and then steamed. It's quite delicious on its own, but those who find it to be a bit bland add sprinkles or dip in in sugar. And now I've had it with some kind of dip sweet dip sauce on the side. It's really, really good guys. There are numerous variety of suman in the country. There is also suman stuffed with chocolate, popular in Duma Gettie called bud bud. We ever see little bundles, little bundle wrapped with leaves. Check them out because that's probably some variation suman. It definitely got to try it. You'll love it. You know what else? I experienced this on a bus ride. I took a bus ride one time when I was in a country and it was the most awesome thing. It was about an hour and a half bus ride from Ylue, Lucidia, up until the center of the island more. And all the little stops along the way, these people would come on the bus and try to sell you stuff that they made. Like then this would be one of the things that they would be selling would be suman. So pretty cool stuff. The next one, number 13, I've never heard of this one, lumpiang tongue. It kind of looks okay. You probably see in a photo, lumpiang tongue is a Filipino variation of lumpia. The lumpia we like, talked about lumpia in the other videos, it's very good. This is made with mung bean sprouts or tog. The popular snack is usually served at a spicy vinegar dip, eaten alongside pence it, or rice noodles, common ingredients using lumpiang tog or tog, camote, which I know is sweet potato and green beans. So this seems like a yummy thing. I've not had it, but it is number 13 on the snack list, definitely on my list to try. The next one on the list is kocinta. And if I'm butchering any of these names, let me hear about it in the comments, but this is kocinta. But cinta is an all-time favorite Filipino snack or breakfast food originally made from rice flour, sugar, lime water, a chute, and not those seeds for coloring and serve a great and fresh coconut. The word kocinta comes from the Chinese word kiu cintao, meaning a little cake or cookie or snack. More often steamed and baked kocinta or kocinta is an orange, brownish, sticky, jelly, textured rice cake. Again, I've had these before, they're very good. It's different stuff, guys. On to final one. Number 15, lugau. This comes from the family of kungji. My wife loves kungji. She's eating there all the time. Kungji is nearly an all-age and regions differentiated only about the topics of flavors incorporated into it. Lugau is a particular, uses the same key ingredients, rice and chicken broth. So it's basically like a real thick chicken soup that cooked down the rice. But further flavored with pieces of chicken, ginger, scallions, and fried garlic. So it has different variations of it. Again, it's something that you probably appreciate more in a colder climate in the west than somewhere hot in the Philippines, but they ate it. It's good. It's definitely worth trying and that's number 15 on the list. So with that, Filipino snacks. Got to love them. I'm going to I want to do a video on Filipino desserts because Filipino desserts not me out. I love them. There's so many good ones I could talk to you forever about Filipino desserts. But this was snacks today. So I hope you liked it. I hope you get the video alike. Subscribe if you haven't already. We always like to say stay well, stay safe, stay blessed, and we're going to see you real soon in another video. And thank you very much for watching.