 I'm gonna tell there's gonna be seven lines in 24. It's definitely worth the seven hundred step. Good morning guys and welcome back to Coron. Philippines still feels so strange saying that when we had no plans to come here we meant to be in Migrian we'll obviously be there at a later day probably this year. It's so exciting to be in Coron. We've worked not with some even better news. That's infection, looks as if it's getting a bit better. We've had to hold off on the island possibly for today which is gonna do a couple of the more common things to do around town. We're just walking into town now. Probably get some food. Look at the par bun, look at the bay and then got them by day. Walking through the town, there's like so much development. There's new hotels being built, there's new restaurant. It's very dusty because of the construction going on. It feels a lot more rustic than I would need. I thought there was some really good food places. Last night we could get the food we have was amazing. What was it? Get real. Get real. Mixed. I feel like they have some really good food places because those of younger travelers come here but it is still very under construction. I like that though. So from town we've walked maybe one or two roads up and you want to look for the tapass lounge or the K heights in and that is the point where you start your hike. To the Coron sign, the Hollywood of the Philippines, 724 steps. Not there yet. Walking up in the minutes. This is probably the hardest bit. I think once you hit the stairs, it's just normal stairs. Too many beers I'm already sweating. You sound like you're at a breath. I'm a little bit at a breath. I need to hit these stairs. It is actually quite hard to find the steps. Although it's said to look for K heights in, I definitely recommend looking for the tapass lounge and then you find a basketball court and the steps are kind of hidden, aren't they? They are. Although you can kind of tell there's going to be 724 because you're counting one at a time. Yeah, we are now. Hang on 47. We're about 63. How many were we going? 64. 65. Something left again. 67. 100. We're getting there. 700 steps done. 24 left to go before we get behind the sign. At a minute we are in front of the Coron sign. This view is incredible. It's definitely worth the 700 steps. The knee down, how long they combined I think. That bit down there definitely looks like El Nido but parts have here just look like it's own little bit, don't they? It's incredible. How are they? So good and it's quite an easy hike to be fair. It is but how they have so many islanders beyond me. Right behind the sign, the peak is just there. 720. So I'm 21. So I'm 23. 24. We are at the top. Hardly anyone here. This is pretty much the, all to ourselves. Don't know where Dad's gone. He's made it up somehow with. He's infected for it but he's gone missing. There's actually more stats. If I say I'm 740 steps you want to see. Look at this. Only would eat your heart out there. I can't believe that there is hardly any one here. Probably because by the end of it you look like me but it is unreal. We're so quiet though, isn't it? I think the best time to come and be midday sun. Everyone's scared of the midday sun. It's not really midday sun unfortunately it's a bit of a cloudy day today but it's midday heat. But it's midday heat yeah you can definitely feel that top of Mount Tapayas. Tapaya. Do you know where the cross is it? I actually don't know what across is it. I don't but the one thing is... It used to be just up here with nothing. One thing I didn't realise is that the crown sign and the cross have got little light bulbs around it. So at night time. I'm going to make sure I look out for that tonight. And Mr infected made it up but it doesn't look in the best of states. That is well needed. I am exhausted and very thirsty. We made it into Levene's. It's quite hard to spot actually but when you do find it you come out but it has an amazing rooftop. You can just see all the little islands. I think it could be just a slightly better view than not the top but you think. I think so. You've got everything right in front of you and the water looks a lot blue over there. It might just be because the sun's brown. But it has huge menu as well. Matt's gone for a sissy. Matt's dad's gone for a chick and a sissy. Thank you. And I went for a vegetable curry because I'm obsessed with their Thai curry at the moment. That looks so good. I came here because I knew it was sort of like a secret spot of an incredible view in the behind. Looking out at the islands of Kharong but food here looks just as good. As Moni said the menu is huge. It's meant to do really good for looking at food. That is huge as well. It's huge, incredible vegetarian food. Incredible everything food. I went for a sissy or tofu for chicken sissy. I know why I like tofu sissy so much. I always try it. It's not good. And. Moni, thank you. Normally you don't get the egg, tofu sissy. The fried egg. Does it taste better? Well, that's that little bit of egg. It's lovely. I mean if you honestly see this the first one. I love this little piece of my lens. That food was so good. Definitely needed after the long hike. Food and beer. Both were needed. And that's cool down. We're going to get down Hot Springs. I don't know how that makes sense but they're located just outside the town. I think five of them is away. We were going to get bikes today. I think I might get them tomorrow to let dad's feet recover a little bit more for island hopping. So yeah, we're going to get a trite to the Hot Springs and get even hot. And we have made it to Macquinnit Hot Springs. That was one bumpy ride. Now let me tell you, you get your temperature checked before you go in here which is a really good thing because obviously you're sharing the springs with people. However, my temperature, we asked him what he was looking for, right? Matt was 37. My dad was 36.5. Can't believe he had a better temperature. He said something between 37.3 and above. They're looking for. I was 37.4. I actually put aside. I thought I was going into quarantine. Turns out they just give you five minutes to cool down and I was absolutely fine. I even went down to 36.9. But we're here now. I'm probably going to get even hot. The view. Wow. I didn't expect it to look like this. 200 pesos each. Oh yeah, sorry. I've got two blown away by the fact that I had to go into quarantine. 200 pesos each. Which I think is really good and then I'll drive us here for an hour. So we have one hour here. This place is unbelievable. So you've got the sea just there and then you've got the hot springs here. Did you say they fill it all out into the sea? It's actually one of the only sea salted water hot springs in the world. Wow. That's quite rare. So that is rare. By the looks of it, it's very hot because people don't seem to be standing at the lumber. Can we just appreciate how it's quiet? Not only people here again. There's hardly anyone here. There's no dining hop in but there's more to do. There is much more to do in here than I expected but can I get in because my feet are burning here? Between 37 and 40 degrees. The point you get in there. That's not too bad. That's like when you run a hot bath. You've got to go all the way. Okay. Well, next step. I haven't even apologized yet. You can do it. Oh no, it's fine. That is lovely. Oh. That. Needful in our bits. Really rocking the bottom. It's so nice. Different temperatures. Different spots. And you've actually got to like separate little hot tub bits there and there. Just got to watch this step and watch where you stand because it varies from like 37 to 40. And when you hit that 40, that gets hot in certain areas. That got really hot. To come back to the hotel, get changed. Get another sandwich. I'm just going to head up for dinner. We're not sure where we're going to go yet but we're waiting for the video to post but it's like the quickest post in Wi-Fi ever in the Philippines. People say Koron has notoriously slow Wi-Fi. They say the Philippines has slow Wi-Fi. This Wi-Fi has better than like I'm hotel. It has better than like apartments in Macatty. It has better than like five star hotels. Literally if you ever come into Koron you need what to do. Stay at Lins in the Wi-Fi is rapid. Yeah, celebrate in the video, go up quick. Celebrate in the hot springs. Definitely recommend it. If you're doing a day around the island. So I know you're going to come in for island hopping but if you want to do something different, check out the hot springs. I'm going to get some food. Hello, ma'am. Thank you. Quick tub surprise and we've made it to real street. This is probably, I would say the best place for nice restaurants. There's quite a few here and get real where we went yesterday is on this road as well. It's quite busy that day. Yesterday it was so busy. It's obviously Saturday night. So I'm sure everyone's out ready to party. But we're still not sure where to go. But we're still not sure where to go. I'm you know what I'm really this is so bad but I'm so tempted to go to get real again. I know but it was so good last night but we are going to try and find somewhere else. There are other places this way and there's people this way so we just have a look. So we finally decided off the walking up and down real street to come in to Polkotelia. Apparently there's one of these in BGC I haven't seen it before but it basically is like an Italian tight restaurant but it's especially it specialises in a lot of different meats. So I went for the panchetta up to the meat's meant to be incredible here. The panchetta panini. Also got chips to be in that too big. Dad's is on the way. He went for the Irish stew which is on its way now which I don't know if I would eat but he's a bit more adventurous than me. He went to specialise on meat it looks really good the sauce is looks amazing here the panchetta smells amazing. Common style. I'm trying it. Order for that. It's really good. So crispy. Got it good ice. Oh and he got a garlic rice because he's way too much. No more of that. It's not good. Perfect.