 you Hey, good morning everyone. It's 11 January about 9.17 am in the morning. Ricky the bulldozer guy is not here yet. It is crew. Way life. Jays out there. That's how far he's gotten us. We just put them back on the grass cut and thing for now. Just keep that up. Keep that going for now. Him and James is taking a water break and hauling it. Another change of plans. We're constantly changing plans here because everything just keeps popping up. A couple of fellas were going to bring over to help. We're going to start the house painting. A couple of fellas. Most short today. I got a message this morning. Not able to make it. Which turned out to be good because on second thought funds are still tight. I just said, okay, I talked a little bit about it. I just put the external house paint for now. Just focus on the yard area. That's a big thing. Getting this done. Getting the grass smooth down. After that, James and Jay will come up here and finish our grouting. Clean off the veranda. Finish the grouting up here for the tiles. Then we'll get them to smooth the inside here. We can paint the inside. Get it looking more attractive. Just do little things like that. This way till maybe February of March when the funding situation settles down. Where we can bring the guys in and do the external painting. No need to rush that. No need to push it because I would have been putting us in a tight spot with the money. I was like, you know what? I'm tired of doing that. Let's just slow down. Slow my roll and just do the little things. The whole thing here is the hard work. Keep a brother employed here while we're doing it and while we're making some small improvements. And whatnot. That's kind of where we stand right now. Just waiting for Ricky the bulldozer guy to show up. And he can start this side of the yard. I think I mentioned that earlier. And wherever they've gotten cleared up there. And if he's able to bring grass cutters, they can do the sides of the back with Jay and James. And we'll go from there. Okay folks. That's the update for now this morning. Just doing a little before and after. We have the trees planted here. Wow, it's pretty high. Didn't realize how high it was so I could get out here and stand next to it. I wonder why I'm going to let it this high again. That's that's smoke over here. The neighborhood over here. Burned his stuff. The Ricky the bulldozer is not here yet. No phone call, no message or anything. So you might have got tied up and put in the bucket. But you know this field here other than the vice-pattery rises here. Very level. So if he doesn't come today, I'm just going to call him and say hey, tell my not. I'll pay you for the hour, hour and a half, whatever it was. Yesterday, but here me and the fellas come out here with shovels, flat shovels. And take these hills down. The size. I don't mind if it slopes kind of gradually. You know, take it and shoot it over that way, flatten it out a little bit more. Like I said, I just want the lawnmower to go over it. And over here, obviously, maybe some of the extra dirt we can fill in these low places is where somebody got stuck before. Here, take down that, that's the whole hump all the way as it continues. Over to there, just take that down and spread it in the low areas. Maybe in the future, just you know. And then just continue trimming back here, behind and back over there. And I'll just be done with it that way. I just keep the fellas going. I'll think that's probably a wicked end show today. That's what I do. The message is even to say. That's it. We give him probably $3,000. That's worth $2,000. We've got $2,000 pesos. The level of that. And then we can come back in with some shovels and level down. If he doesn't show up today, that's probably what I'll do. You know, he's probably got bigger business going on in me. We'll see. All righty, thank you. Good afternoon, folks. The last of three. Just giving you a little afternoon update. The fellas just sat down for a break. As soon as I walked out, that's fine. They've been working hard. There's not night there with the white bag. She requested the grass. I guess she wants to use it either for her goats or cows or both. So James just dropped off a little burrow load or two. I don't know. I only saw one dump off there for on the other side. That's fine. I mean, we're just going to burn it. So that's fine. Have out of the neighbor. I don't mind. Man, look at this. It's starting to look kind of gorgeous, man. It's a little bare right now, but once the grass starts to grow back over here, look it over here. You see? So, this is what I mean. Take away that grass. You know exactly where the level right here, right across here. Over there. So hopefully they got just under two hours left. I'm not sure if they can get all that grass cut in two hours. We'll see if not the first thing in the morning. Knock it out. And we'll pan back around here. We'll start over here. All the other side, whichever, since the already started. And go back there. It's pretty high. I think I showed that in an earlier video. It's almost like it's above between my knees and my hip. Hi, that grass. It's pretty. It's pretty something. So maybe she's out there saying which grass she wants. So, I want you to turn from their main focus to their main job. That smoke you see over here is from in the back. We're burning the grass by all JC's burning the grass. He's got the hose back there. Here's the mass. I don't know. Maybe tomorrow I'll just have him come over here and finish this side. Since it's already kind of bare. Smoke. Trying to get a better look. That horse of me going over there. I don't know. We'll see. All right, that's just a quick afternoon update. I'm not going to believe you guys with the same old footage. Only if something interesting happens. Oh, real quick. In case folks say, maybe you should change your mind a lot about what you're going to do next. My captain, I heard him say one time back in the 90s when I was home in the United States ship chosen CG65. Captain Martin J. Meyer told us when our schedule kept changing. From the headquarters in order to take the ship says, you know, you always got to remain flexible. And when you're flexible, you're too far from. So, you know, you just got to roll with it. Things come and happen. You got to change. Step up to it. Hi folks. Ciao. Yes, it's been confirmed. Nia's getting the freshly cut grass for the goats. They come being. Yes, she smiles and she's on YouTube now. Yeah. And we told James to go ahead and dump the grass here in the canal. We're going to burn it later because all that stuff is right there. So we're just going to burn this later here and let it burn down without the weed. We're done burning. After we're done burning in the back. And the fire and the smoke is going to smoke and then the fire is going out. And then we're going back maybe tomorrow, two or three days and then burned back there. So, yeah, this is a good, this is how the property looked a year ago, when we came out and see it. It was like this. It was greener like that over there. But it was all like this and we saw it in the land. Before the rains came and the grass grew. Okay. It's one of the show different angle, different view. Guys hard work and judge, I come to visit daddy. So she'll have to go back to the cubo before he starts spreading it off again. She's a daddy's girl. That's the gasoline and mixed with the oil for the thing. That's the water for the fellas. And James just keeps working man's hard worker. Baby sky with mama. She forbid me to video her, but I did it anyway. So if you don't see me for a few days, you know why. You know what happened. There's landland. There's the school. She's already put the work over there, sweeping up around the cubo. There goes cha cha. There's the ball bouncing. Nileeta.