 Desperate tätos Bless. Mi yeah man ah Good morning, beautiful day today. Another day another dollar. We continue on this four chantrons and rails. My rooster is out there. Right in the middle of the screen. Okay, it's high breakfast first. That'll have dawn here. You got it the same here. I'm going to make a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a cloth. Yup. More, more more...it feels shelter. It's it.播. it's it! It's it! It's it! It's it!REAM​ Do you give, swear. Do you have a享? Delivery. Did you? Look! kind of adle of it...ٍ. Ahhh, that's what happens when you're setting a door for...なる sugar. 1t at. Yep! more, one more, something, it's it, it's it, it's too long, you need to cut that okay, getting there, it's only to buy one of those vertical pieces oh he's got a big good one it's all over okay please we need some right now just do it look at this I saw that she got a foot on top of the walker trying to get out no baby okay so that walker is gonna be pounded soon and my little girl at this she's cooking something yeah I'm start to get hungry I think he's gonna look good okay lunchtime guys vegetable salad let me see and this one is we are Banachak the custard apple you say I make shakes big shake well beautiful that's good let's let's try that first this is nice well done excellent one create his unlike a lot of nasty clouds are there we're waiting for the ram all afternoon is he coming or not where do you think my love we get run coming you care okay at least I got the man friend done and I need to think about how I'm gonna do here this is gonna have a door right opposite the stairs of course the upright bits we'll have to have some handrails bolted to the stairs so I need to come up with some design okay today we going to turn have a little dinner everybody getting ready let's go you loop I work Down. Okay, good morning. Big rental has now it. So I came to check the tank. And all the thing I repairs, the tank is bloody full. No leak here whatsoever. But I found, like it. Stop running. I can come and check. It's the leak under the tank here. Just here somewhere. I don't know if you see the water coming down. Let's see if I can. Yeah, you see the water coming down. So there must be a crack there as well, which I didn't picked up the first time. So anyway, you like to let the tank empty by itself and that will just turn on its side and fix it. Everything else is perfect, no problem. So, marine epoxy, excellent. It does work. Even this one, sure seal. It's working very well. That's not leaking from there. It's leaking from just next to the, to the feed there. Somehow it's cracked. There's a crack there. So I shouldn't be hard to fix. But I need to be done with it. Pity. Because that time was full. That's okay. I'm collecting as much water as possible in containers. But first of all, we need to go to the doctor and get his surgery. So I need to go. We'll see when I come back. Okay, we arrived at the hospital. But we can't find the doctor. It's pretty good to let's ring this phone number. It's the answer. It's a beautiful dish. It's coming up here. It's a market. It's a pandemic one. It's 15. It's 15. It's 15. It's 15. It's 15. It's 15. It's 15. It's 15. It's 15. It's 15. It's 15. It's 15. People of Truffet. It's big time. It's thinking hard. Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh? Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh? Yeah, I need to fix this tank. It was a lot of water stayed inside so I need to empty everything. And fix that crack under the tank. Which I missed. I will remove a lot of water actually. This is just the end of it. Okay, I will fix here. So I just leave the worries and hoping that couple of days be dry. We can put the tank back on position. Hope there is no more crack but you know if it happens we will just fix it. Nothing else we can do. Let's think positive. What I have done is I have brushed the whole area and I cleaned with solvent somewhere I have done with the other one. And put the marina foxy. Sorry I am trying to keep my balance here. I am going to a bit of a slope, standing on a slope and it is muddy. Okay, I still have to wait that this hole is dry. I am confident it is going to work. She knows how to use a keyboard. No! Okay. Good morning. It has been raining so much last night. It was crazy. Thanks being repair. I figured a bit of a sun today that will help for this marina foxy to dry. So I will go and have a little check after. It is all good. Let in the afternoon I will put it back on position. We missed a lot of water there. But we collect quite a fair bit on containers and etc. Just finish breakfast. Need to do a bit of a babysitting. Hello. Good morning. Good morning Isabella. Everything wet. Everything wet. Oh Bella, she loved the bath. She loves it. I was hoping to finish the time but it is raining. Okay, I can already test the sardines. I love grilled sardines. Just a little bit windy but it is okay. You like sardines, Malab? Baby. You like sardines? Yes. Okay, can we kiss daddy? Daddy. It took a while to grow here. It is probably my first make you love for aways. Okay, has a fire. No, my house is not going to catch fire. Don't worry about that. It is all on the supervision. It is so hard to make a fire. It is not like in Australia. It is just cool. They go and catch fire so easy because it is very dry. It is always wet. Always raining. So every time we have to burn all the rubbish. It is so hard. So I am not worried about the barbecue in my grinder. That is a worry me. Sardines are coming then. Okay, when you put them to a sardine, you mix with something. Lemon. Salt. Salt. That is it. And herbs. It will be... Is it Italian spice? It is Italian herbs. Very good. Honestly, this is one of my best barbecue. Too long. Yeah, me, me, me. So you have plenty of Lego. Then you have to play with wet tissue box. Or what have you. Oh yeah, that is a good shot. Heavy. Careful, don't walk on the Lego. Yeah. Spanish salad, sardines, apple. That is it. Let's eat. Beautiful cloud coming. So let's put this tank back together. I think it is cross. It is at the stamp coming up. Very windy. I have a lot of rain coming for it. I feel this tank. Because this tank needs to be full and overflow. So it cleans up everything. Anyway, thank you for watching this video. I hope you liked it. See you in the next video. Take care, God bless you all. Bye. Bye.