 I don't know why it was so requested to me. Five reasons why Japanese shouldn't come to the Philippines. Okay. I really want to go to the Philippines and I'm not Japanese but I'm just saying why it's video was highly recommended to me. I'm really curious, extremely intrigued, which is going to go dive in. But before that, I hope you have subscribed to my channel and click the notification bell, which is just next to it. And you can follow me on my Instagram, Twitter and Facebook and everything. And all the links will be down in the description box. If you can and if you want to, you can support me on Patreon and get a shout out. And we'll mention somewhere here or if you don't get a here, there is a link in the description box as well. So yeah, you can be mentioned in this segment of my video. Okay, let's get it. Let's see why Japanese shouldn't come to the Philippines. Why? Just why. That's up to us. Or did you read it? So she's speaking in English. That means great. Okay. Get it. Wang. It's me, Sam. It's me. Huh. Today's video is not a huge video because I'm so angry. I went to the Philippines over six times. I got so many experience. She's super cute though. I feel like I should not go back to the Philippines anymore. Every time I go to the Philippines, I feel like so many feelings. So today, I think it's gonna be like good things. I have reasons. Japanese people should not come to the Philippines. Let's go. Because she's so cute. Please subscribe our channel and follow my Instagram. Manahalo! She's so cute. It's cool. Okay, I'm a fan already. She's so cute. I'm so happy to be changed because Japanese people are so... It's very very shy. When we do something, we focus on it. And we don't care about other people, right? We only focus on school. Okay, that's how we do things. Sometimes we don't care about other people. When we do something. As I thought so. It's gonna be like... The title is kind of good bit. But she's gonna be talking about the good things that she experienced in Philippines. In just a different way. Expressing it in a different way. Like, oh, you shouldn't come because people are so friendly there. I think that's what she's trying to go at. I like this part of the room. I like the title because I was like, why shouldn't they go to Philippines? I mean, like... Okay, of course every country has their pros and cons. Same thing goes to where I live. I don't think everyone is gonna love it here. But everyone's gonna hate it here. So they're always the two sides. And that's completely fine. People have their experiences and people have their own opinions. And it should be respected. But why am I being recommended this? Now I get it. Now I get it. Plus I wanna say she tried to look angry in the beginning and she was so damn cute. She was so damn... I think she's super cute. I am a fan of her already. It's been one minute. I love her. She is so cute. She's super cute. I'm just gonna play okay. I'm gonna stop again. But she's so cute. We do like so silly actually. We don't talk about so much right? But yeah, we talk a lot. We talk a lot. We talk a lot. The stuff is so chill. I knew her cheese getting there. I knew it. We are your prom. That's when you see the people. Maybe very chill. And a soft friendly. I was so surprised. Every time I go to the Philippines, I do like... Hi! Have a great day. My part is when it is changed. May you come back to Japan from the Philippines. Friends and family will be surprised. Because your personal experience is better. It's a big careful. Also my mother is very surprised. Because every time I go back to Japan, she says, You have personalities. Change. I'm so cheerful. That's one of the reasons. You should not come to the Philippines. Very, very important reason. You should not stand for Japanese weather in Japan. We have four seasons. Spring, summer, winter, except summer. Japanese weather is so cold. Sometimes you can see the snowy. When we go outside, we wear so many roses. Especially winter. But in the Philippines, it's so hot weather. I said I won't stop. But I think there are a lot of similarities. When it comes to being joyful, I won't say that in India you would like get people just randomly talking to you because somehow it's just not what people do here and if you'll even I don't think I have a smiley stranger like walking down like the path like the path because sometimes it gets really weird sometimes I don't I don't know because maybe it's because here it doesn't really happen you should do it it's nothing wrong it's smiling as a stranger you know it just makes something just asking them hey how are you I hope you have a good day doesn't make you a bad person and just makes the other person feel a bit better maybe if they are going through a bad time even if they are not it's just a great matter I feel but I haven't seen anything like that happening in 25 years of living year and since we have grown up that way we all live the same way and that doesn't happen here so if someone's gonna do that it's gonna be really awkward I think so since I've never tried but if like this COVID thing goes as fast as possible please we all be safe I want to try such type of social experiments going down and just like doing things because I'm an extreme introvert it has a fact and I'm really really shy as a person but I really want to open up doing YouTube and talking so much on camera has actually actually done a very good job in my personality as well I have become much more cheerful I I don't know I just feel like I can comfortably talk to anybody I meet for the first time as well and people think like I can talk to anybody but I know I am the one who's like super nervous inside but this is I think I've noticed this change but yeah but but if you mean we not like talk to just anyone like you know not anyone it's not a bad thing like if you are in a restaurant and you meet that person like the owner and stuff they see how cheerful they were they were like oh hi and that's not that sometimes not exactly like that can happen but I can see one thing Indians are very hot bombing they are very emotional if you ever come to India if you ever meet someone they'll they'll they'll try to do everything to take care of you they'll do it today everything to keep you safe and in a good way you know they want they want to make your trip memorable they're always very like this is very hot bombing I think every especially the place where I live in even the celebrities like Bollywood celebrities who like come in they always say like the place where I live in has like the most hot bombing people you just when you enter the place you just feel that vibe that homely wholesome vibe I think that vibe India has that kind of vibe a lot so that thing I think we do match but we don't match on a same on a different level we are similar but different at the same time that's what I'm saying and what the weather okay we have three weather or maybe I can say used to sad we we have one soon winter and summer our summers extremely hot our summer already started look at my I have my AC on it's it has already started it's really really hot and I hate summers I do hate summers winter it's not very cold you can hardly there are hardly 10 days of 15 days where you have to wear sweaters or as you're just like roaming around like it's pleasant I won't say it's like cold at all I'm a fan of cold weather actually so I don't get because I don't get to see it maybe yeah and then there is monsoon it's fun when it's raining it's all romantic and all I don't consider rain as a dull moment like rainy season and rainy weather as a dull season some people consider it as like really depressing season I don't understand why to me like the rain the smell of that you know wet mud I don't know how to like say I hope you like know what I'm saying that smell it just beautiful and it's very romantic and I just feel like I just don't know I love that feeling but when the rain stops and all the mosquitoes warm in and the puddles I hate that so yeah but we have three seasons so and it's hot all the time it's hot all the time so I don't know if it's hot hot all the time in Philippines I don't know or here even Christmas day too when I'm eating something on Christmas day I had so many crosses from Japan like heavy cut oh because it's so hot I sweat a lot you should bring like fish as not leave and you should bring towels too because you need to be so much so much it's had so much in the actual I feel like more cold I think it's little bit I cannot stand for the Japanese visa to be careful I really like summer season when I like weather season I feel summer season all day all day cold weather so much so when I go back to Japan I feel like I don't want to go back to Japan one time you got so many Philippines weather you cannot go back to Japan if you leave so it's bad this is second reason you should not come to the Philippines number three definitely wait easy in the Philippines good good so many delicious we don't have Joribis in Japan oh yeah and so many Joribis in the Philippines it's quite so hot in Japan right it's so addictive also we don't have market except festival right pretty peanut butter is sweet thousand Japanese food Japanese food is not so strong oh the Filipino food is a little bit stronger for Japanese so if you really like Filipino style and okay if you come to India you'll definitely get bad because half our food is fried literally fried so much of yeah there's a lot of so much of ghee so much of oil we love it we love spicy food we love tasty food and I swear Indians can spend a amount of money on food but they won't spend it anywhere they are like okay we can go to a restaurant and eat amazing food and spend like five thousand there in one go but cannot go to some classes which has five thousand for a month we prefer food over anything at least Gujarati's I'm Gujarati and we are known for for the love of our food you know and I personally I live for food okay I don't eat food to live I live for food it's a whole different thing I love eating morning evening we literally have so much of food we wake up we have breakfast we eat again oily fried now always no always but most of the things do comprise of those kind of things and it's really tasty to be frank and we have real strong flavors because literally most of the spices originated from India we are the land of spices so many spices and Indian food like it's extremely tasty and extremely hard to make at the same time because we make everything from scratch everything from scratch and it takes a lot of long time but at the end the result is so you know I just had to go down the end result is so good but yeah you will definitely get fat when you come here plus people will feed you like nuts every time you go to a grand parents house you feel like oh no no no you have gotten so skinny but you haven't actually but that's what they think and they give you just leave that blah blah blah and we have a lot of sweets as well a lot of sweets so again yeah it's ideal you're really like Filipino style food there I think I see I want to go there anyway so these are all like the plus points I'm getting to know a little about little but I'm like noticing some like differences and some like similarities between Indian Philippines so I'm gonna mention them as well like ongoing as well yeah exactly we don't care in the Philippines there are so many kind of foods right here so okay yeah Japanese Korean every time I go to the Philippines I really enjoy eating I cannot stop eating it's so fun eating is always fun it's not it's not Japanese people so many Japanese people really like mango I love mangoes but especially mango it's expensive food in Japan Philippines you can buy mangoes cheaper than Japan have you watched my previous video which I went to baguio market I bought three mangoes it's because so this is not okay it's sad reasons you should not come to the Philippines okay number four you cannot go back to Japan in Japan everything is so expensive maybe go to restaurant for lunch one meal is over 1000 yen even you go to like it's just over 500 yen but the interplay is the hungry you have 500 yen you can buy three meals are totally free Joryeo is so little price what meal is so we don't skip ads I think in even in India like you get a variety of food like you get Mexican Italian Mediterranean Labanese jia korean I don't think we have Filipino food yet but hopefully they develop their develop it here as well because we love food and we just want all food but of course it would be a little bit with an Indian touch the same thing if there is an Indian restaurant or in Philippines or somewhere else it would be with the country touch because that's how people like it more okay we are done and play 100 pesos and the transportation is but Japan is very expensive like super expensive everything is expensive in Japan it's very expensive I say money a lot but the in-city things everything is reasonable price that's why you cannot go back to Japan every time that's good I feel like it's so expensive if I pay this one I can get 10 Joryeo's menu how do you watch my previous video which is 1000 pesos change at the night market and more and we have heard my market because every single is reasonable when I spend 1000 pesos at night market I put so many food and I pay so satisfied when I spend 1000 pesos at the more I put so many souvenirs you can really enjoy within one pound of that she enjoyed that's the money but if you put that amount of things it's costable or sad prices in Japan number five that is last one too much fun in the Philippines you feel don't want to go back to Japan because people are nice who do you like where is nice everything is reasonable price everything is good for you you feel like you don't want to go back to Japan and every time I go to the Philippines I feel like I love Philippines more and more fast I went to Baguio for Baguio I feel so good so nice country and I got so much fun and then I went to Manila and I realized so nice too and the south time I want to eat more Philippines food I want to see more beautiful price into Philippines I got sweet cut from Philippines I'm famous in the Philippines but that Philippines noise so kind for me too so I feel very kind I want to stay here so it's so dangerous I think Japanese people love Philippines too you get what it's so addictive country I have never been to Seville jam or prices I have never been to Seville I think I will get more fun in the Philippines I was so scared Japanese people they are like lies there are so many lies menu you can't believe it I think too it's not far away from Japan to the Philippines so you feel like I want to go back to the Philippines again so it's so good you should not come to the Philippines because it's so addictive I think we got so much fun in the Philippines okay that is my five reasons Japanese you should not come to the Philippines but firstly I would like to thank you so much to the Philippines and the Philippines because every time I go to the Philippines you guys so kind for me every time I upload a video you say I like this video and I really enjoy watching the Philippines video thank you so so much every time I make the Philippines I have so much fun that's why I love Philippines I hope so many Japanese people come to the Philippines at the big airport it's so nice place and so much fun I'm trying to go to the Philippines okay okay yeah any recommendation please so please let me know thank you so much always for the mopo you like this video please subscribe out and let me know my Instagram see you on the next video bye bye hey okay okay well I got a right right in the beginning that she is going for this type of approach which is nice it is really great actually you get there like why and then you're like I know but yeah I really like I got five more reasons why should I go to Philippines now seriously wow I need to work really hard because I think Filipino currency is higher than ours so it's for us it's going to be expensive so yeah I have to save a lot of money and work very very hard to go there but I also found a lot of similarities from like Indian culture and maybe because like I think a lot of Asian cultures are very similar to each other but also different in their own way they all have their own or own originality but I found a lot of similarities and I feel like it makes me feel even more like homely that atmosphere because well I think they're similar right but yeah I really enjoyed this thank you so much for the recommendations now I get an environment this one now I get it and I see you guys next time bye bye bye