Good morning! Good morning mga palangga(my love). We are gonna clean the house today
Look it so much mess in the house and the good news is John will help me
As I told him I am not feeling will my throat is aching, its painful to swallow
So he said:Okay, darling I will help you so he is being good to me today
Let's go down but John his jukebox is on so I will not take you with me
just to avoid copyrighting
So probably some of the clop will be fast forward.
Why do you like shooting hun?
John: It's just something I grew up with as a child
and then I don't know..I just enjoy being in the outdoors and doing something
I challenge trying to shoot targets because some of it is very difficult to shoot
That's his addiction mga palangga(my love)
John:It's not an addition, well..not anymore it used to be
That's your addiction because you buy a lot of stuff and
expensive stuff, very expensive
John: it's not expensive!
It is!
It is expensive stuff like that's your hobby
I haven't anything expensive I bought very cheap gun
Oh yeah very cheap!
Well I would like to just show you
see if we're gonna be really serious about it
These are used...used berretta is 
£6600.There's a use krieghoff offer there £7000
Would you like to have this for Christmas?
John: No! What I would actually like is the Beretta SO10
Where is the SO10?
John: No darling, you don't have the money time because it's about £86,000
I'll buy you a toy instead!
Gosh! Don't buy shotgun they are too expensive! Let's buy a rice instead
Look at this  young girl shooter.. yeah there's a lot of young girls shooting though. See. There's lot.
You leaving me again mister!!!
John: No, I'm not leaving you darling
He's going to shoot
He has more tools here!
Hi mga palangga(my love)! I had my snooze. It was deep sleep and I did not even noticed that John is home
I really could feel that my body
needs siesta
So I am very much happy that I had a chance to relax in bed today
Anyways I will cook now as the time here is has past 3 in the afternoon
Will have lechon kawali tonight and chopsuey with prawns
This is my first time to have prawns in the chopsuey so I hope it'll be alright.
I will just boil the  pork belly
So the pork belly I will boil it with peppercorn, bay leaves, and salt the recipe is from "Panlasang Pinoy"
I already prepared all the ingredients
The ingredients are carrots, cabbage, red bell pepper and I forgot what's the tagalog of this...what??
I forgot the tagalog word for this
John: Shark!
I forgot the tagalog work for this but here in UK they called this mangetout
Broccoli
And of course earlier John show you a "shark" a prawns
Onion, garlic and will also use cornflour  and cooking oil
And the pork belly is boiling
I will just let it boiled for another
15 minutes and thenI will start to cook my rice
I am now gonna start cooking. I will saute the onion and garlic
Because I've used prawns. I will just removed the prawns and put it back later with veggies
so it will not be over cooked
Here are the prawns
I will fry the carrots and cabbage for about 2 minutes and add water afterwards
While we are waiting for the veggies to be cook...as John don't want half cooked veggies.
But I prefer the vegetables are still crunchy so I finding that balance..not so crunchy and not overcook
Anyways I will transfer the belly pork to the kitchen paper to dry
I will drizzle a salt on top
I will also used  knor liquid seasoning. There are few ingredients that I forgot to mention so do the rest(get the recipe in panlasang pinoy)
so here's the update and my rice is almost done. I hope John will like it
Ohh...Delicious!!
We are both hungry!
Are you hungry hun? Oh yes!
I hope you like you it hun
You know I liked it.
Try it
I always like it, you know this.
Is that alright?
Oh yes! It so delicious
John: Reminds me of back home(Philippines)
John:Why'd you put perfume on? Can you
tell me this?
I did not put a perfume on
John: Don't give me that sh•t.
Look at that! He is pointing me! Look at that man oh!
John: Don't give me that sh•t freaking smelly
I did not!!
John: You have!
I didn't
Mga palangga(my love)you can smell but I haven't
Let's go!
John:I'll have a bigger headache now, where's your coat?
I don't need a coat!
Darling I can assure you you'll need a coat
Gosh!!
This wife doesn't listen to me
This man is just so annoying!!
John:I will be if you carry on not listening to your husband
No your not listening to your wife!
John: Okay.. I'm telling you because I care I don't want you to get cold
Yeah it's getting cold already
Anyways will go to my mother in law because it's here birthday
When is her birthday?
John: sometime this year
Sometime this year..I think her birthday is 11th of October
John:It's around the 11th
So we are going to her house
And I was so full earlier as the chopsuey it so delicious!
And John did enjoy the chopsuey
What is the face??
Did I enjoy her chopsuey?
Yes I did
beautiful
I love you
Now..don't forget
John: Come on darling!
It's recording she says
She's getting her boots
Can you just have a look in the screen. I don't think I'm in there
Oh yeah she's in there!
I changed my mind because it's freezing
She's actually now decided to listen to her husband, who doesn't know best
Who's not lived all his life and know what's the weather's like this time of year
This boots..
John: £2 in Oxfam
Yeah..no I bought this in new look 3 years
John: Can you put your legs down
and I paid this for £19 in new look and still going which is a good thing
and I am looking for a new  boots
I think will go to charity shop to look if this is anyway as I need to go to charity shop as well
to get some things for my balikbayan box as until now I am not satisfied, I need more items.
John: Dave's is been busy, can you smell?
Gosh it's very smelly our
neighbour sprayed a.....
What they called it?
John: Slurry!
Yeah slurry whatever is that but as in its very smelly but its good for the ground as what they said
Good evening mga palangga(my love) we are here in tesco to get flowers and to look a flowers for my mother in law
John: Yeah??Do you think its fine? Yeah that would be fine
So thats the flower so we are sorted with that
We're running late mga palangga(my love) as we have seen our old friend
so we had a quite a long to time to have some chat
We need some broccoli, no! Why I keep saying broccoli, it's cauliflower!
John: Is this, is this? How much is this one? That £1.65 and the other one is quite nice little one for £1
Okay
John: She's not observing in shopping!
We are home! Don't forget the flower inside your car and my jacket please
This is the card that we bought for my mother in law
and we also bought a flowers for her
John: Darling I buy you a flower
Oh thank you..
John: You're welcome
This is not mine. We bought lilies for her
We will removed the price tag
It's okay you don't need to bought an expensive gifts as what they said it's the thought that counts
I just wish her to have a good health and more birthdays to come
I will just put the groceries aways and I will do more editing later as I have fallen asleep earier. LOL
