 Hey guys, thank you so much for tuning in. So for this video, it's going to be my dad talking about his 30 years life experience here in the Philippines. What is it like living here? Some advice for foreigners especially if you're planning to move here soon. And yeah, my dad actually placed a lot of effort in this video as he was speaking English all throughout. So at the end part there is some French but captions are available. And yeah guys, I hope you enjoy the video. Hello, my name is Charlie. I born in France, exactly in the South of France, close to Toulouse and the Carcassonne. I live in the Philippines for 30 years now. And just, I explain you what is my life from I born to France to now, actually in the Philippines. My parents is a simple job, just a farmer, wine farmer, my father and two jobs, also postman also. So my life in France in school of course, elementary school, college, helping to my father in the farm some time. And after 17-17 year old, I like the uniform, the police, gender uniform. So I'm planning to stay in the gender arm, gender arm, equivalent to police in France. So I go to the center for information, for contract, eventually in the gender arm and he's proposing me the army also. So I decide to go to the French army, this is in 1973. And I sign one contract in French army. And okay, five years contract. After five years experience, I allow my job. Slowly, slowly, slowly, it's going, yeah, rank up. My rank go up. And I decide to continue because I love my job. And finally, I stay one complete career in French army, 20 years in French army, one part in the paratrooper, and one part in infantry. So I go to different places, French territory, in Africa, in Lebanon. So this is my experience, you know. And after, it's a single man in army. And after 20 years, I decide taking my military pension and living to not in France, but in a tropical country. Because one part from my life in army is in a tropical country, you know. So I like living in tropical country. So in 1993, first, I go to Thailand because I have a long experience from Thailand before just in vacation, every year I go to vacation in Thailand. Why not completely satisfied for permanent living in Thailand? Vacation, okay, but not for living. So from Thailand, I go to Vietnam. I visit especially Ho Chi Minh city. And okay, nice place for tourist vacation, but not for living, for me, not for living. So you know, in one restaurant, in Chile, I meet one American. This time, living almost for 20 to 30 years in the Philippines. Oh, wow, really? Yes, yes. Living in Sebo, Ireland. I second-explain what is a life in the Philippines. And people, cheap life, nice country. Okay. And maybe two days later, I decide visiting the Philippines and especially Sebo, Sebo, Ireland. So I take the plane via Tamil lands from Ho Chi Minh to Sebo. Sebo, Ireland. Okay. And then you met mama. And singleman, of course. Because she is singleman in a hurry. And not Maria in my life, you know. But my plan also is also Maria in tropical country. This is my plan also. So I meet my future wife in Sebo. Sebo city. Working in one mall in Sebo city. And, okay, after I married in 1994, my son, he survived in 1994. And he was born in 1994. So 30 years later, I continue staying in the Philippines because I love to this country. A very simple life. Some value. Equivalent to my country. But a long time ago, because my country now is changing, changing the mentality, changing little, changing the culture, the culture. I love the Philippines because the culture in the Philippines, it's like to my country, France, 30, 40 years ago. Same. Some respect, some value. Very interested the same life. So of course, the Philippines, 30 years ago, is different. If you compare the Philippines now. But until now is very simple life. A very friendly people in the Philippines. I like this kind of life. It's a very important thing. 30 years ago, very simple life. Small car. Small traffic. If you compare now, of course, now the people access to the new product in the Philippines. This is good for the local population. And of course, it's different if you compare 30 years ago. But the general life is a Philippines or is the same. Same culture don't change. Really is a culture. It's like 30 years ago. Very simple and nice life in the Philippines. Of course, if you live in the Philippines, if you live to any country in the world. The most important, you adapt your culture to your local culture. But it's not the Philippines or your culture. And if you adapt your culture to the local, to the Philippines or culture. And if you are the same, you will come. I'm sure you will come in the Philippines. This life is of course a little more expensive. And this is normal. And you can't treat the same. But, okay. Resonable pension. A simple pension. You have a comfortable life in the Philippines if you compare to France. Of course, life is more expensive in France. So of course, it's a life that is simple. And cheaper life if you compare France. So if you retirement or you like living in these countries. It's okay. It's cheaper, it's more easy if you compare to France. The life is of course after 30 years, little more increasing. But it's okay. It's a reasonable price. The most important, you adjust also because in France, it's very strict. Important is a watch in France. All the time you're looking at your watch. In the Philippines, you're not looking at your watch. Appointment in France, if you speak appointment 11 o'clock, exactly is 10, 50 to 11 o'clock. And your appointment 11 o'clock is possible 30 minutes later. This is 11 o'clock. It's possible. 11 o'clock, this is a life in the Philippines. So it's necessary you adapt to this kind of life. This is a local time in the Philippines. The time is very important. It's important, it's a contact, a human contact. But the time is not very important in the Philippines. I think it's also because here it's a little more relaxed. The people is relaxed if you are not like the Stein in Europe, sorry, little robot life in the North in the Philippines. You know, it's relaxed every time. Every time it's not stress in this country. If you're planning living in the Philippines, this is one paradise for me. Of course, because I lived for 30 years, this is now my second home in the Philippines. But of course, I repeat, if you're planning living in the Philippines, the most important first, you watch the life, you take time, no judgment, no immediate judgment, of course. And the most important, I repeat, you adapt your culture to the local culture. Because you don't change the Philippines culture. It's you changing, little changing your culture for your adapt to the local culture. And if you, you, you, come on, let me say in English, you adapt to the local culture. The people appreciate you, respect you. The local people, they do the penance. Very true. Very true. And it's difficult in English because I can't speak French. So my English is not perfect. It's the majority French for my generation. The English is not the best. So I'm going to say that in French. I'm going to say how in French. If you listen to me in French, the Philippines is a magnificent country. But obviously, once again, you have to adapt to this culture. We're not there to bring our culture. We're there to adapt to this culture. And we understand that we're different. We're already a formidable person who can adapt to us, but first we have to adapt to their culture. We're very happy in this country. Fortunately, it's a very changing in our society. And maybe one day, in the Philippines, I wish that no, but it will evolve in the same way. But for the rest, it remains a little bit the life of our society. The souls are 190, 90. For those of my generation, you will understand why I say that. If one day, we come to the Philippines. I've said it in French. I've been very well in French, obviously, when I speak English. And if one day we come to the Philippines, well, it's a day and enjoy it well. Because it's a magnificent country. Alright, guys, so that was basically, yeah, my dad's opinion, living here in the Philippines for 30 years. And just a little bit of background, of course. So much has happened in his life when he was in Africa, when he was assigned in Lebanon. He's been telling me all those wonderful stories back when I was a kid. Till now, there are times where he just, you know, tells me these things. But if you want to hear more, guys, then please let us know on the comment section. I can invite my dad again, and he can share more details on a certain scenario. Be it his life experience in the Philippines, or when he was in France, or in Africa, and so on, guys. But yeah, thank you for tuning in, listening to my dad here. And yeah, that would be it, guys. So see you on my next video. Alright, guys, so thank you so much for watching this video. I hope you guys enjoyed listening to my dad. And yeah, let me know if you have any questions, guys. And if you want to know more, or if you have any recommendations on any video that I can make in the future, be it traveling, where to go, or who to talk to, then that would be amazing, guys. Just please let me know in the comment section. Share some love by liking the video, sharing this to people, you know. And please don't forget to subscribe to my channel, as this is the best way to support me in growing my channel, guys. So once again, I truly appreciate all the love and support from you guys. And yeah, I'll see you on my next video. Peace.