 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today, we're reacting to part one of a two part, how the US stole Philippines. I'm super excited to watch this just because this is some stuff that, you know, obviously, they don't teach us in our history classes. We've learned so much about the Philippines that involves the US that we had never heard of. Yeah. And it's very interesting. It's unfortunate that we aren't taught these things. But that's what YouTube's for. So that's awesome that people like this can bring these free documentaries to everybody. Pretty much. For you to live. To have people that otherwise would have no idea. Right. This has been probably one of our most popular requested videos to do. So we are going to make it a two part. And we're going to do 10 minutes of it today. And then 10 minutes of it tomorrow. So before we hop in, guys, if you could go ahead and click that like button, it'll definitely help us get this video out to more people. Also, if you could, go ahead and click the subscribe button in the bell notification icon that we guys know when we post part two. And if you'd like to help support the channel even more, you can click the join button down below. So let's hop in and check this out. Just a heads up, guys. I am under the weather. So if I come off a little lethargic or uninterested, it's not that. It's just I'm not feeling too hot today. So let's go ahead and do it. Yeah. There is a cluster of 7,000 islands that looks like one of the most beautiful places on Earth. People have been living here for over 30,000 years, traveling between these islands, trading with each other, and with the region, and developing religion, identity, and culture. It eventually became a country called Ma'e. And while all of these advancements were happening here on these islands, another group of humans had been evolving in another part of the world over here in New York. I didn't know that it was originally called Ma'e. No, no, not at all. I had no idea. But this other group had a different culture, a different religion. As many of their advancements were achieved through expansion, not collaboration. And their religion thrived when they stomped out others. They wanted to conquer. These island, these people, this culture would soon be swallowed, stripped of what made them them. And soon their name would be changed after the name of the king of their conquerors. This isn't a story just about a big, powerful military taking over new lands. We know that story pretty well. The story of these people offers a new perspective to anyone who will listen. It's a perspective that has been wiped from our history books. Because of the inherent discomfort and tension, with this fact that the United States, once a colony that heroically threw off an empire to become independent, soon became an empire itself. A contradicts our founding belief that it is, quote, self-evident that all men are created equal. And this story isn't just history. That empire still exists today with colonial possessions and subjects. It's all wrapped up in the story of these 7,000 islands and their people. So I want to tell you this story of how the US stole the Philippines. There. His story telling skills. I think we've watched another video with this guy and reacted to it. But his, I mean, he just draws you in. Yeah. He's massively talented at this. Yeah. You know, it's amazing to think that English is the most spoken language in the world, as a first language, not as, because I think French might be the most popular spoken second language. I don't know. But with Spanish, they colonized everything. Yeah. So to think that we're not all speaking Spanish is pretty, pretty amazing. There are still American citizens today who do not have equal voting rights. These are citizens of Americans' island territory. The US Constitution grants the citizen to everyone born on US soil except in one jurisdiction. It's like watching a TV show. He's very talented. This video could be called How Spain stole the Philippines. Since Spain was the first nation to conquer and control these islands like 500 years ago. Actually, exactly 500 years ago. And indeed, Spain left a very deep influence on these islands, not least the name itself, which is named after King Philip. Spain brought their religion, their language, their culture. Which is why the most common last names in the Philippines are like reyes or del Rosario, de la Cruz, de los Santos. But the heyday of the Spanish Empire came and went and by the 1880s, it was kind of a humbling. But it was the arrival of a new superpower that I believe had a bigger imprint, not just on the Philippines, but on the US itself. It established rules and behaviors that we still grapple with today. And that's why this is the story of how the US stole the Philippines. So let's go. So this day, we can see the traces of the almost 400 years of Spanish rule over the Philippines. But even more striking is the more recent influence of the United States. OK, so it's the end of the 1800s. Up until now, US expansion sort of looks like this. It's all happening on this mainland. And at this point, there sort of became a big debate of like, do we keep going? Some people wanted to keep expanding the US outside of this mainland. The president at the time wasn't a big expansion guy, but he was surrounded by people who loved war, specifically this guy. And these people who surrounded the president had their eye on this Spanish colony right off the American coast called Cuba, where the locals were rising up against Spain. Wait a minute. Isn't this a video about the Philippines? Why are we talking about Cuba? We're getting there in just a second. OK, so anyway, Cuba. Americans didn't want to go to war with Cuba. They're like, we don't need more war. But thanks to the explosion of an American submarine in Cuba, which was probably an accident. And thanks to some highly unethical journalism that blamed the explosion on Spain. And a big thanks. That's how media works. Things could start still to this day. So again, this guy, Teddy Roosevelt, who at this point was just a peon, he was literally the assistant secretary of the Navy. But he somehow could jolt his boss's boss, the president of the United States, to go to war in Cuba to like liberate the Cubans from Spain. So the US declared war on Spain in 1898. But this begins a new era of war in the United States. No longer can you just go into war and just take over land. You need an angle. You need to sell the war to the American people. So the angle on this war was liberation. We're liberating the people. The people you liberate will witness the honorable and decent spirit of the American military. No, no, no, no, no, that's the theater. We're talking about 1898. But yes, the whole idea of selling war to the American public didn't really go away after this. Why did the US go to war in Iraq? And the early stages of the war in Iraq, the US. So anyway, the US is now at war with Spain, which is an empire that is deeply in decline, as I mentioned. It's not going to be hard to win. But soon, it's not just Cuba. The US really meaning Teddy Roosevelt, who again is just an assistant secretary of the Navy. He's like not a big decision maker. He somehow maneuvers the situation to say like, let's liberate next door Puerto Rico. And while we're at it, let's go into the Pacific and liberate Guam and the Philippines from Spain as well. Teddy didn't even ask his boss to do this. He literally sent off a cable to the Navy commander in Asia. Like George Dewey, go attack the Philippines where Spain is. That is what your mandate is. And George Dewey's like, OK, I mean, told to go to war with Spain and the Philippines. Teddy was sort of of the mind like better to ask forgiveness than permission. I mean, I get that. Yeah, I do too. Yeah, absolutely. I've recently thought about that at work. I was like, can't do it. Or I mean, technically I could do it. But I'd rather just apologize later on. Yeah. And ask for forgiveness. I mean, honestly, I think that's what most people do is it's better to ask for forgiveness than permission. Because you're going to say, you can know. Do what you want. But at the same time, this is a little different. Yeah. This is different circumstances. Yeah. And now because of Teddy Roosevelt, who we literally named the Teddy Bear after, side note, we are had more than heard about that. Caribbean only, but also in the Pacific. The US arrives to the Philippines and sees that the locals had already been fighting against the Spanish for years. The Spanish were weak and were totally declining. So it's like the top of the ninth inning or like the fourth quarter of the Spanish in the Philippines. And the US shows up and it's like, let us liberate you. And the Philippines were like, well, we've sort of already been fighting this bloody war for years against the Spanish. So yeah, I guess United States, if you want to come help us deal with a final blow to Spain like sweet. So George Dewey, this Navy commander, and his fleet, show up to Manila. Meanwhile, back in the US, people are like, wait, weren't we just supposed to invade Cuba? What are we doing in the Philippines now? And the US government's like, because the Philippines is a perfect hub for commercial opportunities in Asia. And we think that if we don't take it, Japan or Germany might take it, which would clearly diminish our geostrategic advantage in the Pacific, no, they didn't say that. They said, we want to liberate the people of the Philippines. Liberate. The people you liberate. We're just trying to help witness the honorable and decent spirit of the American military. So the Spanish, see the US arrive to the Philippines and they're like, great, we're done. So the Spanish military commanders asked to meet with the US military commanders. They meet in secret and Spain's like, listen, I know we're losing, but we really want to save some face here. We don't want it to look like we lost to the Filipino revolution areas. And I'm not kidding. The Spanish commander literally said that he would quote, be willing to surrender to white people, but not to the Filipinos. That's my stop. So the US commanders like, OK, there's an opportunity here. We said we were here to liberate the Filipinos, but we haven't promised anything yet. So we would much rather it looked like the US defeated Spain instead of helped the Filipinos defeat Spain. Much better for our brand, so the United States. So together, the United States and Spanish militaries organized a fake battle, a fake battle in which the US would fight the Spanish in Manila. And the Spanish would intentionally lose. And the climax of this whole theatrical battle, according to the plan, was that at the end, the US would storm towards the inner walled city of Manila. The last stronghold of where the Spanish are. Oh, and the key detail in this whole plan, they would not let the Filipino fighters, the ones that had been doing all of the actual fighting against the Spanish, join them as they stormed towards the walled city to deal the final blows. That's messed up. And this would mean that the Filipino I think it's mostly because maybe they're unaware of what's going on. Right. Like, and you don't want them to screw up the situation. Because I mean, well, the countries that's big as are as formidable militaries that are, you know, like Spain at the time and stuff like that. Keep everything so secret that I'm sure like even the Filipinos didn't know and I bet you're only like the US Navy knew well, they didn't want the Filipinos to join in because it was fake anyway. Yeah. And that's the whole reason why they fake they wanted it to look like the US was. Took over. Yeah. So that's a, that's a crazy, crazy mindset right there. Yeah. You want to stop it here for now? You want to keep on going? Let's just finish it out. OK. Honestly, it's eight minutes left. We'll just finish it out. Yeah, let's do it. It was technically didn't gain their independence. It was actually the US who conquered the Spanish. And then the Spanish are like, oh, can you give us $20 million for our troubles and the US would be, yeah, sure. So now the US wins the war and they claim sovereignty over the Philippines. When people like this do videos like this, I really hope that the US military said, yeah, sure. Yeah, we got you, bro. I paid the money to hear them say the fake battle. Yeah, we got it. Instead of liberating the Filipinos, they just say, hey, where are your new colonizers? Psych, meanwhile, back in the United States, they got to keep up this white savior liberation narrative that they created to justify going to war with Spain. So you see a lot more theatrical PR by the government. They staged this giant military parade in New York City where this military commander who did the fake war, George Dewey, marches down, they called it Dewey Dave, was like a two-day parade in New York City. They created a big military arch for him. He became like a military hero for having liberated all these people from the Spanish. And then you start to see these crazy advertisements. And it was also a advertisement that has George Dewey, the commander, washing his hands with the caption, quote, the first step towards lightning, the white man's burden, is through teaching the virtues, holiness. Wow. And on the sides, you have soap being offloaded in the Philippines and being given to the locals. Wow. That's racist. That's racist. Contest. But they were not worried about that back then. The US to civilize these people who are in the office of the so bad quote, to brighten the dark corners of the earth. Geez. That is suggestive. And was not that long ago. OK. So this is where things really heat up. It's 1900 now. Spain loses the war, obviously. And the US now owns Puerto Rico, Guam, and they claim the Philippines. But the local Filipinos who have been fighting for their freedom for years are like, no, no, no, no, no. You just walked in here on our rebellion and conspired with the Spanish to make it look like you were liberating us. No, this is our country. We don't need another colonizer. And this is where things really heat up. I hate it. I mean, so several times I've seen in the comments, what are these two white guys know about anything or whatever it would be? And I'm always respond. I'm like, what video are you watching? What day in my white? But so I kind of sympathize or empathize. Empathize? I have empathy. Yeah. With this, of course, considering the Mexican-American war and all that kind of stuff, and them trying to, you know, it's just, and it's continuing. As an American too, we have such a dark past. And obviously, our apology still to this day to multiple cultures, whether it's my culture, Latin America or Mexico, or an African-American culture, or in this case, a Filipino culture where we're never educated on this. Right. Of course, we want to go ahead and extend our apology. Yeah. The Philippines start fighting again for their independence, and this time against the United States. It is a pretty horrible, bloody war, one that I never learned about in school. It include massacres of men, women, and children by the United States, and hundreds of thousands of civilian deaths. But the US eventually won, and they established a government in the Philippines. Back in the US, the appetite for expansion continued to go down, and people sort of just forgot about the Philippines. They forgot that there was a war there. That's crazy. One newspaper summed it up by saying Americans didn't know if the Philippines were islands or canned fruit. But the fact remained that the US went to war and now owned the Philippines in addition to Puerto Rico and Guam. So this... So to be fair, when you say, you know, this is kind of interesting for the fact that the Americans had kind of forgot about it. Right. You got to remember how big the world was at the time. Yeah, and that there wasn't TV. There was no TV. The internet TV radio probably barely existed at the time. Yeah. Or I mean radio existed. Yeah. But so they were just closed off. They weren't hearing anything about it. Trying to find out something that's happening literally on the other side of the earth. Yeah, I mean like now you can hop on your Snapchat map and click on a story from a city. Yeah, that's see what's going on real time. Thousands of miles away. Yeah. It's really cool. It's baked a very important question. One that hadn't been asked before, which is, is all of this land America? Are these people Americans? This was a huge question. And the answer to that question affects how we see these territories still today. Okay, so a few years after these wars, there's a guy in New York City who's importing oranges from one of these territories, Puerto Rico. And he's paying tariffs on these imports because that's what you do when you're importing oranges from another country. Wait a minute, another country. This guy was like, didn't we conquer Puerto Rico and Guam? Right. And the Philippines, isn't that America? The constitution says that you can't put tariffs on stuff coming from other parts of the US. Like New Jersey can't put tariffs on like avocados from California. Could you imagine? I can't do. Right. And in his case, and a bunch of others like it, made it to the Supreme Court. So now we'd have tariffs on the side. Is this land where we just won a war? Is this America? Are these Americans? If they are, do they get all the same rights as other Americans? Do they get to vote? Do they get to participate in the US economy without tariffs? Like any other state does. And honestly, this isn't a question about oranges and tariffs. The real question at stake here is, is America the land of the free where all are created equal? Or are we an empire? No different than any other empire that scoops up colonial possessions in war and rules the people who are usually black and brown as subjects, not fully a part of the country. That was the question that was at stake. And in this series of cases in the early 1900s, the Supreme Court decided that America was the latter. Is the latter. They created a new category of land called unincorporated territories. As we say, people don't have any representation in the development. I figured it was going to lead to that. That's so dumb. Because I'd never heard where territories came from. Right. But this is the origin of a territory where we still have US territories. Yeah. They have the right to travel to and from the US, but they don't have any right to vote or have any... Right, technically they're not citizens. Correct. But they're basically people that have easier passage. Passage. But who's their government then in those situations? I think they hold their own government, but we are there to keep them in check to make sure that they aren't taking advantage of certain situations. Right. Because let's say Cuba, if they were a territory, and the regime took over, we would be able to go in there and stop them from being Cuba, basically. Right. So, and that's why we were wanting... Me personally, I was wanting Cuba to be a territory. So that the people there would be able to eat, it'd be equal opportunity, all those kind of things. I know this sounds awful. In fact, we've made it an offer to make it a state and all that kind of stuff in the past, but it's been turned down several times. Yeah. Democracy. But where Congress could create laws on their own, particularly laws dealing with revenue, which would not be allowed by the Constitution for states within the Union. We can create revenue laws, stuff that's totally unconstitutional for other parts of our country. In other words, unincorporated territories are land we control and exploit for revenue, but whose people don't get to vote and don't get the right to trial by jury. So yeah, Philippines, in addition to Puerto Rico and Guam, remained unincorporated territories. Puerto Rico, why don't you say kind of just ignore what I'm saying? That's the Cuba? I'm an important enough strategic enough to be considered to become states like Hawaii or Alaska. So they sort of faded from American consciousness. Like, this is why we never heard about this in school. Like, it didn't make it into the history books in any salient way. And how far the Philippines had faded from people's mind became very clear in December of 1941 during World War II. The US had owned the Philippines for like 40 years, when a fleet of Japanese bombers flew across the Pacific and bombed an American naval base in Hawaii. And they took their bombing out from every place in every three years. And they took their planes. But what we don't really remember is on that day, Japan bombed Guam and the Philippines to American territories, as well as several other American and British territories. That I do. Yesterday, December 7, 1941, a date which will live in infamy. Here's the draft of this speech. This is the original draft that Eddie Orson had the day marking up before he gave it. Zoom in a little bit and you'll see on this draft that it mentioned the Philippines originally. But after you're across it out, he crossed out the mention of Manila. Yes, the Philippines was on some map somewhere. Yes, we technically owned it. But the people really didn't want to hear about it because these people weren't Americans. That's crazy. The Supreme Court had decided that. They weren't going to become states anytime soon. So why mention them? After that day, Japan actually fell on invaded the Philippines. They didn't do that to Hawaii, but they did to the Philippines until the end of the war. At which point the Philippines were finally granted independence. And I know it sounds horrible that they left them out. But I think the whole narrative of them going because we had stayed out of the war up until then. That was actually the reasoning that we got into the war because the president at the time said he wasn't going to join the war unless provoked to do so. And so now you have this narrative to because again, you have to sell it on the people because the people will fight against you of the country. So in our situation, it's the US. We just got bombed. Or yeah. But if you would have said the Philippines just got bombed. It's just like, why do we care about that? We're only worried because now they're kind of looking at. And this is just speculation. I'm guessing here. I'm reaching that these people don't care or want to spend money protecting another country when our country just got hit. Right. So I'm not saying that it was justified. I'm just saying that I kind of understand why it was done this way because priority number one is or was. And it's not that it was okay. I'm just saying this is the way that I'm perceiving it. That they were selling war for the United States. Bringing up other countries would probably like regress it a little bit. So that's just my guess is that they were. It was just trying to subvert to the American people. Which it was all right. I mean, that's basically the same concept as 9-11. Pearl Harbor was at the time the most like impactful war crime in America's history at that moment, up until that moment. And then 9-11 was the same concept. Had we mentioned like let's say they went after like Puerto Rico or something like that or another US territory. We wouldn't have mentioned that. We're able to probably ignored that to be perfectly honest. Or maybe not. I mean, times have changed. We might be like we got to go protect our brothers and sisters in one of our territories or periods, brothers and sisters. And we got to fight for us. Because I mean, there was attempts of the same, not necessarily planes, but like bombings and stuff like that in the UK and stuff like that. So I mean, it's a crazy thing. And I think it's just them trying to sell war. Just like what he was saying earlier. It was an attempt to sell war. That's why they omitted other countries. Right. Not saying it's okay. Just saying that's my assumption. 1946. Fast forward to today. And this we own you, but you're not really Americans. President established by the Supreme Court still applies to four million people who live in unincorporated territories. Or let's just call it a spade of spade. Let's call them what they are. These are colonial possessions. The people who live here don't experience the full rule of law. They don't get trial by jury. They don't have full representation in our democracy. And they don't get to vote for the president. This is why when Hurricane hits Puerto Rico, the government response is not nearly what it should be. The way Trump talked about that was so awful. The other country is not a part of us. The mirror is exactly how the Supreme Court talked about behind corporate territories. They're for revenue, not to compete with American farmers. We conquered these places, but we didn't want to bring the people fully into the American project. We left them out. And there they remain today. I do think that we had tried a couple times on a couple places to make them a state, mainly the Latin American countries, but they were... I mean, that's the thing. Just like the Filipinos, they're such a proud people that if they feel like they're getting like, you know, the handout or whatever, they'll fight and say, we don't need your help. Right, they're very independent. Yeah, and they should be. However, like, I would have loved to see some of these countries become statehood if they were willing to... Or if they wanted it. I'm not... I'm not pro-forcing it, because what other... Oh yeah, now they're talking about Washington, DC becoming a state. Yeah. So it can have representation, because DC, I don't think, can represent itself in elections and stuff like that. Right. This was an amazing, amazingly well put together documentary style video. It's insane. Yeah. With like, non-discovery channel or whatever budget, you know, like to do this, 19-minute video, I bet you took him weeks, if not months to produce this. Yeah, and write the story. Guys, thank you for the recommendation. Truly, this is again, these are things that we would never learn about unless you guys told us to watch the video. So if you have any other videos for us to watch, throw them down in the comment section or click on the link in our description. It takes you over to our discord and you can throw them in the video suggestion box there. Also, if you would, go ahead and give this video a like. It helps us get the video out to more people and it truly helps out the channel. If you enjoyed this video and you want to watch our next ones, click the subscribe button in the bell notification icon. And if you'd like to help support the channel, even more, you can click the join button down below. And with that being said, my name is Miles. My name is Beth. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out.