 The Philippines is not just a tropical paradise with stunning landscaped and beaches, it does have some areas riddled with crime and terrorism. The island of Mindanao is built a very scary reputation in the past few years due to local terrorist groups kidnapping both locals and foreigners, causing many people to avoid this island. But that is exactly where we'll be going in this video. Today we are in Zambuonga City on the island of Mindanao and the Philippines and today we are going to Onte East Las or otherwise known as the 11 islands. Let's go. Alright y'all, after our hour ride, we have arrived to the port here at Barangay, Panubi-Gon, so that we can embark on our journey to Onte East Las. We have made it here to the first destination here of the day, which is Sieromon Island. Upon arriving you can see that it has a beautiful white sand beach and wonderful turquoise water, so we're going to chill here for a little bit, relax, and then we will continue our journey here around the 11 islands here today. We have arrived to our second destination, which is Bawang-Bawang Island, and once we arrive we realize we are the only people here besides two local people that are working here for the island, cleaning stuff up. So we have this island all by ourself, the beautiful white sand beach and some nice, light water. So it's time we have about 30 minutes on the island here, so it's time to sit back, relax, and enjoy our time here on Bawang-Bawang. Along with a beautiful beach, this island also does feature a natural infinity pool that we got to enjoy, before heading to our third destination of the day. We have made it to our third destination, which is Bissaya-Bissaya Islands after a great day of hopping around these beautiful and relatively uninhabited islands. It is time for us to sit back and relax for the rest of the day here, and what's even better is we have a beautiful lunch being prepared for us and our little cottage here. So let's eat. Some crabs, two whole squids, and some rice and banana leaves. This is the result after two full squids with a lot of ink. Have an amazing day hopping around the 11 islands here and have an amazing lunch. It is finally time to head back to Zambawanga City and get back to the world. Although these islands are absolutely beautiful, there was a constant reminder that these areas are not completely safe because around all of these islands we were escorted by our friends here at the Coast Guard. Good morning, y'all. It is really here. Today is our second day of touring in Zambawang and today we are going to the Santa Cruz Island just outside of the city. We've already registered. We are just waiting for our boats to arrive to get over to the islands. Let's go. Alright, y'all. We have just arrived to the Santa Cruz Islands here outside of Zambawanga City. Guys, it is just a little piece of paradise. This beautiful white sand beach and the turquoise waters is just amazing. And with that, there are not many people here. There's maybe four or five families who each get their own personal cottage. This is such a beautiful place without other cramped tourists of many of the popular tourist destinations here on the Philippines. Also now that we have arrived, it's time to sit back, relax and enjoy our time here on the Santa Cruz Islands. Alright, see ya. Come on. She's got no chance. She's got no chance. Wow, that is nice. I've ever spent some time in the water. It's time to walk along the beach and explore this little island. Just a bit. Alright guys, so if you come here, you can see the sea. Just a real land music. It kind of all looks the same. It's just a very long white sand beach. Alright, I'll after enjoying a few hours here on the beach, doing some swimming and just relaxing, we are going to one of the main attractions here from the Santa Cruz Island, which is a neighboring island. It has a wonderful sand bar that you get to venture on for maybe 10-15 minutes or so. So we're just waiting our boat before heading over there. Unfortunately, this island is protected by the government so we could only spend 10 minutes and after a long day, it was finally time to head back to Zambuanga City for the night. Alright, all that does conclude our Zambuanga series. If you guys could see, despite the reputation this place has, it is absolutely beautiful. If you do go, I do recommend having somebody who knows the area so that you are extra safe as I was the only tourist that I saw while we were in Zambuanga. However, I do recommend if you are looking for a very local experience and something that many other people have not tried. This is the place for you. Guys, if you had made this far, thank you so much for watching. Please like and subscribe, and I will see you in the next video.