 There are some areas where we are appalling. For some reason, Beth called it, well, it looks like rags. So they became the rags houses. And there are, let me see, I think there are five or six children between those two houses. So they are the rags house kids. People thought this was disrespectful. And at the time I remember thinking, who would be interested if we said it was number of a team jeer free street. So sometimes the challenge is to get people to look and then of course back then the challenge was to get people to be wanting to be involved. So we lost any dogs, one, two, three, four, five. We've lost one dog. I think that was the little mother. The little mother I think is his one that Beth calls giraffe. See, names again. We have a cat called Turtle. We have a homeranian called Ryder. There's Bashar. Pogi, you understand because we always thought he was handsome. So Pogi is the word for handsome. Red, I can't help you on that one. He is what we call red. He's a lovely dog. He always looks very sad. That face. But he's lovely dog. Very gentle. And so is Pogi there actually. Pogi and Red are all my dogs. See, I can hear the air is very clear up here. And I think I have that. Here's a car. One of Opens cars. Come with that. That's open. Always smile. Always a big smile. See here's a recent fire. It's gone. It goes through so quickly that it doesn't always burn everything. It doesn't burn everything complete. As you can see some of the lighter colors. We've got the very dark color. This must be recent because there's no green shoots that I can see. Green shoots come up very, very quickly. And all that must be very, very recent. Now if we were walking by when this was in the process of burning we would have to wait up there. The heat would be too great. Now I appear on my walks in the mountains. Because I don't have to be concerned about quarantine because I don't actually pass people. There's no problem on this social distancing. This one. Hi. See. There's a green shoots look already coming up. See how I appreciate it the way the dogs. They only go so far and then they stand around and wait for me. The open would have headed off up there that goes to an open house and this goes to our house. So that's enough for me. I'm almost there but maybe I'll just give you a parting shot of how the first moment I see where we live and which always gives me a kick. See, so right up on the top there is where we live. There's still got another little walk to do it. How I'll finish off here. This is the fire in the Philippines. Thanks for being with me on my walk. Don't forget to like, comment, subscribe and if you're a no-fw I hope you've enjoyed seeing the country that you're born in. Bye for now.