 Hi everyone, it's Sonsumet. If you enjoy the content, give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing if you're here. So, let's get into it. Right, today I'm reacting to this video. Elves Planet. Why Filipinos don't hate Japan? That way Koreans do. Wow, it's really interesting title, isn't it? Yeah, I know many Filipinos like love Japan. I visit there for business sometimes and many of Filipinos I meet there. Love Japan. Yeah, I guess this is because Japan contributed to the Philippines. It can be a lot more Japanese cultures, especially and you may culture contribute to their interest. So, but speaking of their story, the Korean hate Japan, it's about history, right? Yeah, I know. I don't think it is now though, because people these days have a different idea. But speaking of a history, we Japanese down, you know, something brutal to Philippines as well, like we did to Koreans, right? But why both perspectives so different? So, yeah, I wonder if this video telling us that or not. So, yeah, let's see what it's like. This video was made from a neutral standpoint and has a political intentions to rewrite, or invalidate the history of the Philippines, Korea, and Japan. This video was not made to defend the Filipinos Koreans or the Japanese, but to give an attempt to understand why Filipinos don't hate Japan, the way Koreans do from the point of view of Filipinos, of this and research. This channel respects the history of all the nations involved in this discussion. The thoughts, views, and opinions that will be shared by those featured do not reflect those of this channel and the Filipino people as a whole, but will be based on their personal knowledge of Filipino and world history that they have learned through the Filipino curriculum. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And indeed, Russian is important for you, you know, video about this kind of history. Drama advice. To answer the post-question through this video, we looked at a familiar topic to both Filipinos and Koreans. Comfort women. These were mostly women and girls from the Philippines, Korea, and China together with a number of women from other Asian countries. Korean palatias, Australia, and Europe, before injuring World War II, who were forced into being sex slaves by the Japanese army. The following interview was shot in November of 2018, but was never released until today. The faces of the people featured were blocked for their privacy due to the sensitivity of the issues being tackled through this video. When you say Japan or Japanese, what are the things that come into your mind? Are there extreme work etiquettes? Karoshi, da yurin sujabata, etika pokimo. And also, that's a policy we progressive country. It's like everything's so fast-paced there. Discipline culture, sincere, nice people. Sushi days. Sipukoi, thank you in Harapiri. Puh, anime, ramen, tempos. Anime, World War II. World War II. The Indian faces. Y'all try both of us to Japanese occupation, the Philippines. Anime, the language, cleanliness, because they're known for being... Malangkoli people, a clan called Pico, exactly. Yeah, it's a different style. And like good weather, they have to go. Good weather? The Japanese... Well, most of the things that they said hit me really. I'm so glad that they said that there was something about our personalities polite or something. We're so honored. Whereas, as I expected, the similar they mentioned about World War II or occupation by Empire Japanese army, I wonder who's saying that still like Japan or not. And by the way, it's about the good weather in Japan. Hell no, we have a rainy season which is so awful, you know. The Indians just tied back an elementary, high school, and even college. Whether you remember from which lessons. The harsh treatment of Japanese, some mobily people. I remember that my grandmother was telling me about how they invaded the Philippines. They used this term. I was going to Asianize you guys. Because our colonizers are from the west, so that's how they got us. Exactly, that's how we're then too. In Asia, it was very harsh compared to how the Spanish and the American are. So how harsh exactly? In Asia, it's also very harsh. Comfort women. Yeah, but they were. And then I remember how brutal they were when they killed for the countrymen. I remember that they were here for a short time, but then their period in the Philippines was a big deal. I guess very general, like they were very abusive. Just like any colonizer, I guess. So, I'm 41. It was in the 1945, August 6th and 9th, that they stopped because of the Hiroshima and the Kizani boys. Their attention for the war, actually not just for the expansionist, but also economic. They wanted their lives for their business. They used like oil, rubber, and also rice. The Japanese people became more imperialists. So they started expanding. And before World War II, it was more offensive. Because they had to keep up with Western powers and the Western powers were taking over Asia, so Japan had to set up their game. Yeah, Pearl Harbor, Bombman, Asians for Asians. Oh yeah, that's what they said. I only changed a lot of policies and like Madame Medaume were in areas. Oh, yeah, comfort women. Japanese cruelty? Yes. Comfort women. Those are the really horrible parts of the war. And mostly on the cruelty of the Japanese soldiers. When I hear about it, it's more of a very negative connotation in my mind. I think that's what Biv's taught us. But actually, one of the researches that our friend Gabi is doing in historiography sees, she's saying that her law that was alive during the Japanese occupation. So province Chinatera and province Yodamau, they have a different outlook. They're saying some positive things about the Japanese people, which is contrary to what you're reading history books. The barang, when intermarriage has happened between Filipinos and Japanese people, they were treated well. And in the provinces at least in small areas, it's not necessarily so-brown bad from Japanese people. I see. Yeah, of course that depends on people, right? But the fact about the comfort women reach on denial, it can't be forgivable, right? I just realized it by the way, but why are asking only girls? I want to hear a man's opinion too. Have you ever looked negatively at Japan or the Japanese people? Why or why not? I think when they occupy the civility, it's hard to find a job. For me, like, not a man. But the way things are world-wide, when they have the battle between Japan and America, when the Americans bomb the Japanese cities, and then they turn the Japan bomb for a harder time. But I don't know what will happen, because I can't really judge. No, because from what I know, Japan is a very flourishing country, and everyone there is polite, and you don't really hear about issues in Japan. I'd have to agree with her, since I feel like they established their reputation being a country with collective and morals. It's not negative, but it's a champion-knowing history of Japan and our country. It's not like I was in my age, maybe I was born in the South, I think it's just in that context. For me, I have this notion of, for example, Chinese or like Koreans or Japanese, how to stick to their culture. It's not negative, but it's just what I think. They really prove how they live on their culture. And you know what? Well, like certain historical events during a World War II, the rape of men games, for example. I mean, I hate this getting historical, but then I think all countries have made mistakes, so Japan doesn't call for more hatred than anybody. Very much an opening. I think it's in the penis at that time, but then yeah, same thing, it's just, we were in one point. We had different attention, so it's different. No, you mean I can press in times, but then if you're gonna study the history and then you're gonna look back at how think three different Latinos backed them, you're gonna have somehow the negative out of the right step, but then since it's a passive fix, it's on the present territory and negative. I don't look at the Japanese, like in a negative way, I'm not sure if Japanese is a different nationality. For me, I feel bad how they are portrayed as loners and how they all hurt themselves. They actually are really creative people, so I feel bad how other people keep them. And personally, no, having already met Japanese people and have been in Japan, I know that sometimes we look up at the Masado or like when we read Philippine history if they could see like their enemies or something. In reality, they're just people and what happened in the past was in the past. They're just advancing the same way that everyone else has. I see very good opinions, I guess. I'm really impressed with those opinions. It's now since a criticizing about the past. You know, people in the past got that you know, way different idea from now. Today, you think it's wrong, but it could be right at that time. So yeah, it's nonsense, it's criticizing. And that's how to see history. I think they know how to see history. And also, I think they are saying that because of their personality, they don't look at the past. They present it's more important for them. So I think the idea is coming from generally the personality, which I think it's really a fantastic personality. In Korea and China, the situation of comfort women has been highly controversial. At times, emerging in a political tension is been Japan up to this day. Why is it this the case in the Philippines? We can't talk about it now. It's probably because Japan, so like I said, I really put gas up on people. And I'm very superior to the Philippines. So I think that there also was a one of the reasons why the Philippines government is so much about it. Yeah, I think that the Philippines is scared that economically, I mean, that's me real. We're a third world country and they're going to be the first world to come. We're saying it's really scary. When I heard what I saw, the Google images and stuff like that. I guess it's not really hatred, but more on steer. I think we just talked about a lot in history class. We're aware about the abuses done during the Japanese period. I guess because people are the type to forgive and forget. We don't really represent Japan. Yeah, and maybe because like, it's not really an issue today. Like it was already in the past, so it's not something we still think about. As the Philippines were very forgiving. It's also giving. In general, we have this tendency to forget about what happened in the past. I guess so. We're not really sharing our own kind in line chat with what happened before. The English and I gave sensitive topics because we're not really going to forget about what happened. I guess they mean they just don't. Don't hold the grudge when it comes to other countries. I think from what I see, people grudge more if they don't local your problems. For example, for the Marcos issues, you can use the word, it's just a revolution, isn't it? Even if you're in a comfort women or like the Spaniards who went here, it depends on how they're doing in the Philippines. Philippines, we're kind of conservative. We don't have a better term. And we really consider being as a time-with-a-people. We don't talk about it. For me though, I think it was even an element. The women who came for it, the women who got a tablet for you, as comfort women. And it's just that we have it. It's very important. It's really important. Though I think it should be. Because especially now, people are really quite the sexual discrimination. I think it should be good. I was just reading a thesis about how it's kept hush-hush about the comfort women. Like people don't really know about it here in the Philippines. That's why we don't talk about it. For people what I read, Japanese people don't talk about it. When they talk about the bar, they don't touch on those ends. They're not necessarily. There's some sort of historical revision there because they keep stuff hidden. The culture of the Filipinos, in a way we're more forgiving. And based from my observation of the Filipinos, and the Filipino culture, we're more forgiving. We don't really vote for them. I don't know. Every one of us. Yeah, I never really thought of it too. I think generally the Filipinos are okay with partners in general. Filipino-Japanese relations are so cool. I honestly don't have any videos. I did her part before on a Filipino comfort women's dream in the Japanese period. I think her name's Henson. I forgot her first name. She actually had to go to Japan for a good amount of money because in the Philippines, they're the idea of comfort women. And let's admit it, it's very, very, ahaya. To how that background in your country. No one likes the idea of comfort women. But it's a reality that must be phased. It's a reality that has to be accepted because it happened. The only thing that the Philippine government has to work on now is that they must accept this reality and work with those comfort women. Really old now. But they were able to get the justice the biggest fear because the Philippine government is not doing anything about it and they had to go to Japan to ask for pardon, for Korea to ask for pardon for what happened to them. And it's an issue that must be tackled and addressed because there's just so much injustice. She's right. The very big factor with this is the Philippine government. So we really are not accepting of not coming to terms that this happened. And we know that it's not in action. Especially because right now, stuff like this is not the main focus of government. Especially because it's something that happened in the past. And right now, we have so many problems. Knowing the things that you have. I see. Yeah, very interesting opinions. Yeah, especially about the Philippine government. It's not really attached about the historical harsh things, stunned by imperial Japan. Just because of economic quality reason. Yeah, I think that makes sense because Japan have economic and the way it's being contributed to the Philippine. So the Philippine couldn't develop without Japan's help. So that's one of the strategy from the Philippine government. Yeah, I think that's one of the ideas. Like you can't deny people who help you, right? So yeah, that makes sense totally. Justification knows sometimes, you know, to make ends meet in this world. So yeah, that makes sense. And above the Japanese, try not to touch about that. That's true. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's normal, isn't it? Yeah, because, you know, how can you talk about the things really bad done by your ancestors? If you can, you must be some serious history out, or, you know, people who can't read between the lines. Because, you know, when it comes to the, you know, this kind of history stuff, it always got awkward, right? It's really hard to make a good relationship talking about the history, right? Yeah, but it's good. Some of them learn the history and got an honest opinion facing to the fact. Yeah, that's really good. Seriously, although they don't really express the opinion outside. This is not too really mine, the past, though. Yeah, it's really good personality. The things that you have mentioned, what do you think has prevented the Filipino, Japanese, relations from being strained? I think that Japanese people and the Filipino people have a good relationship. The Filipinos also do so why they don't want to speak about the issues. Because they don't want a like- the Winter relationship. The influence of the Japanese, it's also evident in the Philippines. They help us, your bridges, flyovers, and I think that, if ever, the Philippines talks about the issue, it won't like the Winter relationship. True. So, the core to this is that their government, for the value of the relationship with a much bigger entity, than let's say Japan. Countries like Japan are not as good as a priority. Then, you bigger countries like China or maybe the US. Not everyone is very aware of the things that Japan has done in our country. So, the government is not going to be the same. The government is guessing here, but I think it has a issue with the fact that people don't go. People aren't educated enough about it. And then, there's that factor of the Japanese keeping it out of this room. So, it lacks the documentation and research. The Philippines is actually pretty open to everyone. If you come to think of it, we're not going to let them have time. We have few, it's with some China and America, like President-wise. But we're not really closing ourselves to anyone. No, because we can't really handle this. Yeah, we can't really handle that. For example, it's a spread to the island controversy. If that actually grew, and we actually fought for it, we're kind of not no winning end. We're not in any position to stop being a star. I'm sorry. What do you think of Filipino-Japanese relations today? I think it's really cool. We can actually see them coming together. What do you say, Dale? Like the food, anime, not something infrastructure. I really don't know much about it. But then, I'd like to thank my ex-progressive. I see how a lot of Japanese in the manner, visiting the country, they're going to be visiting Japan. In fact, recently, I was living in Japan as a tourist destination for most Filipinos. Hopefully, I'll continue. I don't really hear issues about Japanese or Philippine conflict, actually, you don't really hear issues about it at all. I only hear about Japan, for example. If it's related to a tourist context, or that cultural context, but other than that, it's not that bad. So I'd like to believe that the relationship of the Philippines and Japan are okay. Thanks, genuinely, to Pumante. It's okay. If you watch the news now, what are issues? Whether they're going to be bothered or mostly with other Philippines, like China, or the US, or it's never really big. Because we have something with the Japanese. It's a relationship with the Philippines and Japan. They don't see it straight. I think about Filipino-Japanese, so I think about the Philippines. I mean, like, Filipinos, want to be Japanese. Oh, it's called the waves. Wow. More recent, like Americans, want to be Japanese. Like, the Philippines, like, they want to be Japanese. They have the news before, or something, I think that shows that we're okay with each other. Filipino and Japan, we have each other economically, and it's a very beneficial relationship. We're very influenced by Japan's. All of us, I think, grew up watching the anime. Yeah, anime is... There's so many cosplay conventions. Yeah, even a fashion- a lot of people... ...passion-wise. A lot, which wise, they're usually Japanese. It's also, despite the past that's happened, I think now we're very open to everyone and we're allowing them to influence us, to us influencing them. I'm not quite sure. We could actually, I think there was a great demand for Philippine entrepreneurs to speak English. Oh, we had that. So here were some Japanese companies that started here in the Philippines setting up to the 11 students. So I think relations wise and what word I'd say it's good. Yeah, it's neutral. Yeah, I agree with those opinions. Yeah, but I choose Japan and the Philippines, you know, in a good relationship, economically or culturally as well. Personally, I have some, you know, Philippines business partner there and we are really in a good relationship. But to be honest, some old Japanese still, like, you know, looking down, Filipinos like two being arrogant to, you know, Filipinos. Yeah, because, you know, they know better in Japan, educationally or economically. But things are changing these days. And even for the future, it must, it will definitely be changed because, you know, Japanese economy these days is stagnated everywhere as Filipinos economy is still developing. So, yeah, I think it's our changing and it will be changed completely. And, you know, such all the minded people will disappear in the future and we have, I think we have a more, you know, better relationship between us. Today, even if both the Philippines and South Korea have experienced a similar past, both of their views towards Japan have diveraged years after the war. According to a study by the Pew Research Center in 2014, only 22% of South Koreans have favorable views towards Japan. Oh, really? Most experts believe that South Korea's distance towards the next country to Japan is supposed unwillingness to fully acknowledge the country's wartime activities or make amends. Remnants of the war such as comfort women and the rising sun flag are still present today and are big reminders to the Koreans of one of Korea's most painful moments in history. As a response, South Korea has worked hard to lift themselves up from the hardships of the past through reverse colonialism in Japan, through the success of K-pop, K-dramas, and K-culture as the soft power, and improving their consumer electronics, which was once an industry hud by Japan. On the other hand, the Philippines and Filipinos up to this day have mostly positive impressions on Japan and the Japanese people. The same study by the Pew Research Center, 80% of Filipinos have favorable views of Japan as a country, making the Philippines their second son's future as a country. Even if the Philippines was one of the worst hit nations by Japan through its occupation and World War II, today the Philippines is made in Japan as a sign of top-quality products, the Japanese as clean, hardworking, and well-amounted people to look up to, and Japan itself has become a well-loved travel destination by Filipinos in recent years and a country who has greatly helped the Philippines rise up through post-war time reparations and other major economic endeavors even up to the present. However, to end, we pose a new question. Are reparations remembering and moving forward the best way to support the comfort women who still owe antique for justice to this day? That's difficult question. Oh, you remain this difficult question in the end. Wow. Yeah, well, what do you think about it guys? In my opinion, I don't think those are the best way because I think even those son of victims is by money or is a reparation, makes you forget about the past. I don't think so. Humans are not so, you know, our heart is not so easy, don't you think so? What's important is not apology, but it's reflection, reflecting about the past and never repeated the same thing, staying in this state again. People in young age know about it, like, I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure why they don't blame for the past. I think that's what proper ideas should be these days. And as for Korea or Chinese, I hate in Japan. Yeah, that's true, but I think it's totally because of their governmental education. You know, economically or, you know, territory-poly in rival. So, yeah, they make use of the past for the negotiation because, you know, every time we conflict each other, they refer to their past. Things really brutal, done by different imperial jet beings. So, yeah, there's government just make take advantage of victims. That's sacks, but, you know, that's one of the strategy cannot be held. So, yeah, I'd do that too if I were them for the negotiations. And with Japanese, for educated people, I believe it's including me. Of course, we know about the history. Some of them, done by Japanese are really brutal. It's not right. We don't justify that, but we never feel like that. We have to apologize for that because it's about the past, like, 100 years ago. Imagine, like, you know, my ground, ground, darence, down something wrong. So, I apologize for that. That's sacks, right? Yeah, so, like, we just don't really care. Like you guys, when we see a country, you know, past doesn't really bother to our interest. Yeah, so this video makes me thinking, this kind of things. To be honest, I didn't really like only young people were introduced. I wanted to also listen, you know, opinion from all ages, because you know, it must be totally different idea. They master how to do different ideas. And where the hell Pinot voice gone. That's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. I hope you like it. If you do, make sure to like, button and subscribe please. So, mata ose.