 This is how we actually spend Christmas here. I just want to love you, I love you, I love you. This is my favorite. What do you call this? Tino la mano. Tino la mano. Tino la mano. Tino la mano. I used this calendar year quite often because it's just a few meters away from Nicos place. Very cheap and you can save up a lot of money in the Philippines if you just buy from one of these shops. Here we got the Tino Lang Manok, Manoka guest because of the chicken. It's one of my favorite soup. Tino Lang means soup. Oh, Tino Lang soup. I knew that. My hair is getting so long that I almost bite it. At this green leaf over here they're called Malungai. Very tasty and healthy. Okay, so she used to all rise. I used to live in Calderetta. Calderetta. So usually we go out once a day which is usually around 600-700 pesos or 14-15 US bucks. But then we try to save up a little bit with these ones and they're actually quite delicious. The feed wants the same rickere as musto you. No, because it's a good one. I love it. Come here. Just put it in. Okay. Hello, Malin. Hi, Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Thank you. How's the house? Getting better. Getting better. Yeah. We got the second floor now. Not yet. Not yet. The flooring will be. Well, I wish you guys a Merry Christmas and happy holidays. I hope you enjoyed the gift that we brought for you guys. And maybe next year be much better than the previous one. Yeah. Maybe next year we'll be better. Alright, so we're at the dogs who are going to board the boat. But this is something special that never seems to fill the pinnacle. That is we're about to watch a video before going to the islands. Because they're really taking good care of it. So it's very cool to see. I'll show you guys that in a second. It's like going to class before visiting the destination. For you, if you did today, you are going to visit three sites. That's best for your island. Guys, I am so surprised by the do that briefing for introduction of Pasquadar Island. I like to say before. 10 times more bowl. They've never been to it. It's a tiny, tiny rock. And apparently it's stunning. So I'm super excited to free David. In my backpack. This is our breakfast. Who did you bite? Why do I always bite dry ones? Otherwise, that's our boat. Ah! We're at the boat. Do you see it? Do you see it? Huh? Alright, welcome to Pasquadar Island. About 10 minutes right from the beach. We have, apparently, one hour instead of 30 minutes. Woo! It's a tiny rock as you can see behind us. We're going to be bringing the big Nordicam housing with us and the lights. And do some deep free diving over here. Balance. Balance. As you can see, there's a lot of boats. This is a boat. It's a boat. It's a boat. It's a boat. It's a boat. It's a boat. There's a lot of boats. This is a... This is a sustainable tourism right here because it gets flooded with boats. You've seen this also in El Nero. So it's a very good development. Limiting amount of people coming at the same time, which is fantastic. Let's jump in. Woo! Look at the water. It's a crystal here, man. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! By the moon, you turn the spirit. Really, oh! Oh! It's a moon. By the moon, surface and moon. Raise us to the glory throne. Here is real strength and consolation of all the earth that wandered. Till the design of every nation, joy of every long, long, long, long. Woo! We just got off. That was amazing. Time's so healthy, Carlos. Beautiful fish, yes. A lot of small ones. We're so tiny, squids. But I just missed it the big fishes. Remember the hiding today. Wow! I love this place. Wish we were longer. That was fun. Yeah, that was cute. I told you I've been hunting a lot of people. It's weird. No, it's weird. She doesn't know I already filmed it before she was pointing at them. Woo! It's almost glass. It might have let the use of the goggles above water. We might have forgot a knife to cut up the water balloon, but there's always a wing. Delicious. Few up a little bit before jumping. We're going to do a photoshoot for a shelling again. We'll continue this. She's going to be putting on that epic beautiful mermaid tail. Perfect. It's going to get a mermaid tail. Charlong. You want some water, Maroon? What? No, no. You guys think that. They're already in the taurada. Okay, let's go. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. If I don't do anything else, I just want to love you out. If I don't do anything else, I just want to love you out. Love you out. If I don't do anything else, I just want to love you out. If I don't do anything else, I just want to love you out. Love you out. Let's run through the night. Color's burst inside. Love like ocean skin. Unjie. Love is burning time. These hearts come to light. Love like ocean skin. Unjie. If I don't do anything else, I just want to love you out. If I don't do anything else, I just want to love you out. I don't do anything else, I just want to love you out. I don't do anything else, I just want to love you out. If I don't do anything else, I just want to love you out. Oh Oh Santa Claus is coming to know The Santa's in Filipinas we are in right in the bunker not the rain years Me and Santa were talking another day. We're saying there's not two seasons in the Philippines The rainy season is the summer for the three seasons Summer rainy and cloudy season And it's been cloudy for weeks and months here in Zippo, but finally today They have a small window of a sunlight Awesome day It's low tide We're walking down the pier finishing up the tour That was a lot of fun, but it's quite interesting to see how Things are developed here in the mobile in terms of sustainability going to the Nature paradise of Pascador, Ireland Yes, I would have liked to be there a little bit longer to film and do stuff for now We're starving. We had no breakfast Yeah Yay He's always a buddy less and less, but he's becoming such a good dog. He's so smart He's obeying all my commands now whatever I say he does if I tell him to Nope And now it just leaves me It's really good and even sometimes when he has to pee it goes out it starts winding and There's only two and a half months old or getting there which is fantastic But what a fun video. This is how we actually spend Christmas here at Niko's place and the mobile of course Diving and having a good time Niko's here What does he have to Niko? Yeah, come on Niko's going to Zippo tomorrow, right? If you say so tomorrow. Yeah, city Merry Christmas Jake We'll take good care of his place Yeah Yeah, that's how we spent it relaxing obviously our plants didn't go according to What we anticipated, but you know we want to take care of one baby And follow the law because you know we have to be role models and do what's right Well, that doesn't mean we're not able to travel we can actually go to any islands in Zippo So if it's part of region seven we can go there Pascator island was amazing. I was a little bit disappointed It was really awesome to see the development with tourism because you know mobile is one of the You know peak areas of Zippo and that's becoming very sustainable, but unfortunately You know the Reticity Tourist helped to behave but Unfortunately, it was the local those working at the boat. They were not behaving like they were attaching ropes to the coral like you said in the video Which is obviously something not allowed anyways despite that It was a phenomenal day and we're gonna enjoy the 24th fifth here in Zippo that should as a birthday and never probably go to Seeking or so one more day until Christmas We'll be here alone tomorrow Jake. Oh We're gonna do tomorrow Jake. We'll see you next time