 Can Filipino speak their own language? I hope so. That's made me think of like a good mythical morning in Trouche. Let's talk about that. Good mythical morning, everybody. Can Filipino speak their own language? This is then suggested by a few people, and it's interesting. Because we get a lot of tag a lot of comments on our SB19 reactions on our main channel and on our Philippines reactions on this channel. And then whenever we try to translate them, it just doesn't work at all. We literally have no clue what it says. It just puts in like the ta-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la. Words in the English and I'm like, okay, can't. I'm not gonna know what that says. We're never gonna be able to speak it. No, no, I don't think it just seems way too impossible to learn. I mean, maybe if all the Filipinos can do it perfectly, we'll be right on it. Yeah, maybe, maybe. Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba. I forgot what that means. We do have our vlogs coming pretty consistently here from Iceland. We've got a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun videos. Alright, also we get to show like all the beautiful nature things we did in Iceland, but we also throw in some humor, you know. Yeah, this latest vlog, we shoot high-foss. And pre, almost went underneath it. We got absolutely blasted by the glass, and it was cold. That was cool. So that sounds like an interesting video to watch. It's getting blasted by water. Check it out. He made it sound much less appealing when you- You're so very blasted in my life. Let's do this. Here we go. Subscribe if you enjoy. Here we go. Hey everybody, it's Marie from Agenbos. Hey. We noticed from our previous Filipino video that a lot of you were very fascinated by the way Filipinos mix one of the Filipino languages, Tagalog, with other languages. So in this video, we're going to ask Filipinos to explain why they speak the way they do, and see if they can handle some fun challenges too. For more, let's go to Agenbos Reported Jarrick in Manila. What do you think of the Filipino accent that you like to speak in English? More than two thirds, I think. Fluent. 60% of Filipino. I'm sure that more than 50% of Filipino people speak the way they do. And we're going to continue to live in this environment. We don't like Filipino language, English and Filipino. So what's your personal opinion? What's your language that you can speak in a day or two? When you're not sure, of course, you're the Tagalog. I think preferred language that you can speak English. When I was talking with my local friends, Tagalog. Tagalog. Filipino and English. Why do you speak Tagalog? Because I speak Filipino. That's what I speak English. That's what you can do in Manila. I'm going to test if you speak Filipino. We're going to test if you speak Tagalog because you're so good. You can speak Filipino. You can ask your question. If you want to speak Filipino, you're going to have to speak Filipino. You can speak Filipino. Yes. Oh. So we have a big question. This is the question. So you can choose the diversity of the Philippines. So you can choose the chance of speaking in English. Because you're going to speak Filipino. For me, I'm not going to speak English. Because I'm going to use my camera to see if I can speak English. I'm going to use it. For me, I'm going to... Filipino is a Christian in the country. So it's like we're going to speak Filipino. So, I think so. It depends on what you're saying. It's the same. It's the same. Super interesting. From Biltola. Imagine if... I guess, England, one of the official language of Minnesota was French or something. But you spoke something else so long. That's so interesting. Yeah, because it's like a lot of times that you won't know the word it wants. They switched to the other. That's weird. Very interesting. Very interesting. Yeah. I'm not... I... Oh, my God. I'm not sure. Because I'm in the middle of... I'm not... I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure either. I'm not sure either. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. So, you know, I'm just saying that my professor is a Holy Spirit. What's the Holy Spirit? I think that the... The Borsho... That... That's the implement of our government. I'm not... I'm not sure either. I'm not sure. So, you're going to be able to help the Philippines. The Philippines. What's the issue with the word? The word that you're going to say in the Philippines. You're going to translate it in the author. So, the Philippines is the only one who can help the Philippines. Oh, you... The Philippines. When you can help the Philippines. We know that you're not going to direct the Tagalog. And let's say, you know, Filipino major or something like that. What's the difference between the Tagalog and the Philippines? Like, hey, here's English. I'm here in Filipino. No standard way of speaking English. This is how you speak Tagalog. I'm feeling as if I'm feeling a difficult vocabulary. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if I'm going to speak Tagalog. But later, I'm going to say, this because I think it's a more comfortable one. I think that's not interesting. It's so interesting. Rules or combination, so that you can speak Tagalog. You switch from English to Tagalog. And then, you can't understand it. I think that's good enough. So, you're going to speak English, or you're going to train the English in the Philippines. I think you're going to train in the first of all to learn English. And also because we are colonized by Americans. So, I think you're going to train the factor. The security influence of social media and the security of the millennial age. We're going to embrace the other cultural, like Western cultural. Let's see the culture of the children. We're going to the television, the newspapers. When I was in school, usually, I said English speaking. If you're elementary, you don't have the same role. You're just English, you're just a kid. But when you're in the middle of the country, you're going to be in the Philippines. So, you're going to do the cognitive development. When you're in English, you're going to be able to reach the level you're going to be in English. Because if you would talk straight to Tagalog, you're not going to be able to update or modern or modern, we're going to be able to make promises and ethnic groups. I think more than 100 languages and dialects are going to be in the Philippines. I think that's why I'm not only English, I'm going to be able to read the Philippines. Because in the Philippines, we're going to be able to make a sense of nationalism and our identity. Well, it's sad because we're losing our Filipino language. But at the same time, it's not at all bad. Because we can go around to different countries and then we can communicate with them. We don't have a lot of other places. But I think that we're going to be able to make a sense of the issue because the Filipino language is not the only thing that we can do. But I think we're going to be able to make a sense of the Filipino language. We hope you enjoyed watching this video and gained some more insight into Filipino culture long the way. We should make it clear that the Philippines is not the only Asian country where English seems to be taking over. So we will be covering other Asian countries in our future videos to see how English is impacting local languages. How? How? How? Comment this English in your countries. Very, very common. For more than. But yeah, and wonder how long, how many, like, hundreds of years will pass until like Filipino is kind of like filtered out? Yeah, yeah, it's interesting. Someone who went to my school that was Filipino. And she's like half Filipino, so her mother was full and then like her grandma, they like didn't teach her mother didn't teach her Filipino because they thought, oh, it's only English that they should learn. It is. Yeah, that seems to be a common thing. Wow. It's just people aren't being taught. Hmm. Yeah, so I mean, they could literally be like generations from now. Like, Filipino is just, mm-hmm. They're just like less than English. There's just like few people that like study it. Or stuff like that, like Latin. Yeah, weird. That's so interesting. And I mean, there was also a comment that we had on one of our videos on our main channel where it was in a language. I thought it was Filipino. I wouldn't translate it. It translated in Filipino, but it also translated in Indonesian. Yeah, and they said pretty much the same thing, but the words were obviously different. Yeah. I think it's the same direct translation, but it was interesting. Very interesting that those two languages are that similar. But I think a lot of people in both countries speak a lot of English too, which is super interesting. Yeah. Very cool. I like hearing the language. I think it's so funny to hear like a bunch of things I don't understand. And then to me, you just sound like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. With education. Yeah. Yeah. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Yeah. It's very interesting to hear that. But, uh, yeah. I'm excited to hear it in the Philippines. Yes, when we go there when it opens. Where are you? It's never gonna open. Open. Open. Open. Yeah. We tried. We were looking at places in Asia to go, and it was closed. It was closed. So, uh, thanks for watching. Everybody, hopefully enjoyed. If you did, subscribe. Like the video, check out our travel vlogs. If you didn't know, we do have a second or a main channel where we react to SB19. So, I think some people don't know that on this channel. But, uh, yeah. If you didn't know that, and that's over there as well. See you later. Bye-bye.