 They've created an absolute beautiful cover. One of the greatest covers I've seen. Have you seen a videoke or karaoke time at Christmas parties? It's fine, but there's something special about this thing. Now I'm not sure if they are singers, but the way this was linked to me, it basically emphasized that Garrett Bolden, Josh, Adornado, Zheng, Madalde, are all singing karaoke. And so because of this emphasis, I'm assuming that they are singers and in the Philippines. And so I'm thinking this is gonna be crazy. But even if they are, maybe it's just their name, maybe they aren't even actual celebrity singers. Because that's what I'm assuming, right? I consider anyone who has a beautiful voice, kind of a singer, but there's a difference between being celebrity type singer, because a lot of people know you, you have a very legendary status and this and that. And then being somebody who's kind of underground singing, you just got found by talent, which is what I love finding, by the way. And I'm fine reacting to celebrity singers too, that I haven't even seen or maybe some performances. That's the thing. It's a win-win. It's both beautiful regardless. And so this just makes me more excited because whichever way it may be, they are performing during a Christmas party, karaoke. I'm excited. Let's just check this out together. Please, let's go. We're boys and girls in this ᅽᅽᅼ ᅽᅽᅽ Don't lay it去! Don't lay it to impertinence! Wow! Yay! and no oh oh my got him I get said Oh my god that They're all good I'm not bro. I can't I can't I Oh Yo the guy with the hat dude his voice man Brakes me in the best ways bro life Like yes, passion all of them are amazing, but the guy in the hat. It's like soul That low pitch Just getting better This is just this is just showing off bro Oh This has to go down as one of the greatest covers I've seen the intention of just pure fun boom That's checked on the list and then the the soulful passionate beautiful singing that's checked off the list The professionalism of the voices bro all of them together like combined Absolutely incredible dash check they've checked everything on the list perfectly goes from beautiful singing to having fun to Laughing to smiling plus with friends plus just chilling eating out and I can see to some drinks to pure Having fun pure living pure existing in this moment and enjoying themselves and while enjoying themselves They've created an absolute Beautiful cover one of the greatest covers I've seen with three individuals Absolutely so incredibly talented. I am lost for words, bro This has to be actually one of the best covers. I've seen for this song their voices man They just kept getting better you like I was literally talking about the guy in the hat I was like wow. I love his voice very soulful boom the other one goes with a low pitch boom the other one does a low pitch Then the other one that all of them though all of them just straight showing off bro showing you what it's really all about Doing this almost seeming like it's effortless just for fun and in this fun They've created a an emotion within me that made me feel so incredibly happy so uplifted This is what it's about man. This is magic right in front of us right in front of us Whether they see it or not is not what's important What's important is them doing this and the things that it can do as a casualty what it does to Maybe even for them you know it can it can disperse so many emotions joy for sad for them and plus the Beauty's bro that comes out of them is just so incredible man that things it can do for people is just It's astonishing bro. I Loved it so so much just like I love you guys, and I want to say thank you So so so much for watching I really do appreciate it If you liked it leave a like if you loved it subscribe if you want more let me know down the comments below And yeah, so next time guys You