 This guy goes around asking people in the Philippines if they can sing or if they want to sing. And now we already know that most Filipinos have an incredible voice and they're extremely talented and they're extremely nice and just super wholehearted, very incredible people. And of course they can sing. But can all of them sing? Let's see the voices just around the town. Coming up on this episode of Street Singing Superstar. This is Street Singing Superstar. The new was online singing search show. This already makes me feel I want to do this. You know if I travel to Philippines I'm doing this. Going around and asking I'm doing it. I'm also a Graham Kagle and welcome to Street Singing Superstar. It's the show where we go to the streets for a hanap in natin and susanodninjon singing idol. Today, Nandito Tayo salo obnan intramuros, the oldest and most historic part of Manila. With many walls, benches and different chillout spots, it's all an perfect na lugar para maghanap nangmanga singers. Nandito Kami ngayon at intramuros looking for some awesome singers. Excuse me. Gusto Mon comanta. Damn they're having a sport intramuros on Valentine's Day. Engrabé ang sakit ng maraject. Gusto Mon comanta. Can you sing? Can any of you guys sing? Let's find some more people. Until we met a group of maritime students exploring Fort Santiago. There's some people wearing uniform. I'm going to ask them. Well, let's say I'm just going to take a picture. Gusto Mon comanta. See they know there you get. Where are you guys from? We are from our Lady of Patema University and our program is Maritana Transportation. Awesome. So you guys are sailors? That's so cool, bro. Spice boys. Spice boys. So here we go. So here we go. Moving outside Fort Santiago. Two ships. I mean he is just coming out to them like out of nowhere. They're not prepared. The other nervous guys come on. Wow, actually pretty decent though considering that she's like nervous. Better than what I would have done after this. Oh, not frame. Can we do Frank Sinatra, bro? Yeah. Oh, wow. What's your name, bro? My name is Nate. Nate. And where are you from, Nate? From here. From here, Manila. So. Not Manila, Paranyaga. I'll call him. Awesome. So my name is Graham and we have a show called Street Singing Superstar. And we walk around the streets and we ask people if they can sing. And we record their performance. So what kind of song would you like? I can sing Frank Sinatra. Wow. Oh my god. I love you right now. In Inchimura we're about to get blessed with the golden era. Frank Sinatra is kind of an old artist. Why what made you get into Frank Sinatra songs? Um, the whole vibe of it, the jazz. Yes, me too, bro. I love it. Oh my god. This song. You are. Bro, he shocked me. I'm not even. And a door. In other words. Please be true. Dude, what? No. In other words. In other words. Yeah, he knows the song too. I love. You. You. Yeah, I love that. That was awesome, man. That was incredible. Have you ever performed before in public? Um, not big ones. Like really small ones. Like in church, you know, I just did like special numbers here and there. But like nothing like big on a stage or something like that. Wow, that's awesome. Guys, that was incredible. I made some love. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. I feel like I'm on the way there already. Thanks, bro. Thank you. Awesome, man. Oh, good. Good. Good. You don't want to, man? Oh, the ticket booth. Hello, bro. Uh, good. I got a posse Greyhound. My name is Greyhound. So I'll buy Greyhound if you sing. Ladies and gentlemen, I have Darlene here from Manila. She's going to sing Moira for us. Okay, I'm excited for this. This is so awesome, bro. Like she's out. She's chilling. I don't want to be singing like that. You're only singing for me. That was like the, that was a adorable whole song. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. It's a adorable whole song thing. I think I see this. Okay, let's see this. I work here at the view of the Treasury. So basically, my name is Greyhound. And we have a show called Street Singing Superstar. So we go around the streets and we find awesome singers. So, uh, what song would you like to sing for us today? Any song. Any song. In English to go log. Never enough. Never enough. Never enough. Never enough. Here we go. I'll hand you the mic. Thank you man. Let's see this. Oh God. I'm trying to hold my breath. Let it stay this way. Can't let this move. Already. You said of a dream in me. Getting louder now. Can you hear it echoing? Bro. Take my hand. When you share this with me. Because darling without you. All the shines of a thousand spotlights. All the stars were still from the night sky. Never be enough. Never be enough. Towers of gold are still too little. This has good old world. Don't you know I'm done. Never be enough. Never be enough. Never be enough. Never be enough. Never be enough. Never be enough. Never be enough. Never be enough. Never be enough. Towers of gold are still too little. This has good old world. Never be enough. This has good old world. Never be enough. Never be enough. Never be enough. Never never. Never never. Never for me. Never be enough. Never never. Never. Never. For me. Wow. For me. Thank you so much. massive goosebumps right now honestly you are the reason we come here and do this show I feel emotional listening to that I promise you you are amazing I can't believe we find people like you that can sing like that how did he not freak out though Dory I was like thank you so dude it look at the crowd amazing thanks so good if I was there bro I would have been so annoying that we show thanks so much for singing you are the reason why we do this show so that is going to conclude this week's episode of street singing superstar I hope you guys enjoyed the content let us know in the comments down below I'm definitely going to watch more from him this is nice I want to thank you guys for watching there's something so precious about this I feel like if I went to the Philippines which is definitely on my bucket list and I did something like this guys I'm just telling you right now I'm not going to be the way this dude was and I'm not saying he was bad or anything but you know we're all different people in this world anyways I'm just a more reactive person which is why I do reaction videos I am more reactive I freak out more I'm not afraid to freak out I'm not afraid to like yeah I'm not afraid to fall back out of my chair I'm not afraid to fall into the ground like if she started singing like dude I would be like yo yo yo I'm like no no no no listen up listen up young lady we are going to the voice right now we're talking to the like this is craziness to me man genuinely it's so so incredible I love and I enjoy it so much this is why I'm doing so many Filipino reactions because there's so many good singers like why even stop why there's just so many good singers like I almost I can't stop because every single time it always surprises me it always shocks me it's incredible now look I just want to say thank you so so so much for watching I really do appreciate it if you liked it leave a like if you loved it subscribe if you want more let me know down in the comments below and yeah till next time guys peace oh you you