 How was it? Mabohai, Magan Danga Bey and welcome back to MGMD Echo. Arawossi Ovela and I don't know why, but this week I'm into Pinoy Social Experiments. Don't ask me why, it is what it is. Yesterday I reacted to a YouTuber who dressed as a person in need and went begging for money and food and he begged rich people and poor people and he was given what he wanted by either the rich people or the poor people. If you want to discover that, you can watch my reaction video. But today, but today as soon as I reacted to that video, you guys asked me to react to this one. The title is Honest by Ang Pinoy Saforiner, part 2 Pinoy Social Experiments. And one of you actually explained to me what this guy will be doing. He will be dropping money purposefully next to people and the person that will pick up the money and give it back to him, he will reward them with even more money, which is a cool social experiment. I was like, hell yeah, I have to react to it. And also, I'd like to thank you guys for being so numerous during my livestream reaction of the ABS CBN Summer Not Station ID, they don't call it Station ID, they call it Summer Special ID 2021. I had a lot of fun listening to it, watching it and you know, seeing all the ABS CBN superstars, it was a lot of fun. So thank you. Alright, before we start, please consider following me on Instagram at Music, Game, News, where I actually shared all of your stories where you took screenshots and videos of the livestream, you know, it was really fun. And with that further ado, let's get to it. Nice, I like the fact that he has people doing some lip syncing to make the video sound funnier, you know. Merry Christmas, I knew lahad, I know this guy, I've seen his face before, I think I watched one of his videos where he shows how much money he makes when he gets a million views, I think, I think, I'm not sure. But I think that's him. And today we are doing a Pinoise social experiment. Pino. How much is a thousand pesos in Canadian dollars? I'm not sure. You know what, let's check it together. I want to do that together. Okay, let's do it. And a Filipino pesos, pesos to Canadian, it's $25. That's not bad, that's not bad, man. Good for him. All right. 25 bucks. I think Camilla and Ilan, and if you have not, you can watch it right here. But I'm thinking this year might be a little different since we're in the middle of a pandemic and we're getting close to Christmas. Oh, hey, we'll use this video last year. Okay. Hello. Hello? Yeah, I'm right here. Is this mine? Yeah, yeah, yeah. This fell from my pocket? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not yours. Oh, wait. The person that we're hearing, I think, is the person that's filming and it sounds like a girl. Yeah, yeah. Oh, he's wearing a hat. Yeah. I'm wearing a shirt. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm wearing a helmet. I'm wearing a helmet. I'm wearing a mask. Okay. I'll put it on. Thank you very much. Thank you. Okay, 500 bucks for the whole look. I'm $1,000. I'm a hat. Thank you very much. Yeah, it's got no. Thank you, guys. Please tell the word. That's so sweet. Thank you, guys. The whole look. Thank you, man. Oh, Maya, you're welcome. This is for you. Yeah. So, the blessing is $1,000. So, $1,000. Oh, okay, so I'm already loving the video, but I also love the effect of like, like and subscribe that he has. I wonder where he got that. Where he got that from. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm very Christmas. I'm very Christmas. I'm very Christmas. Thank you so much. Happy New Year. Thank you. Oh, thank you. Thank you very much. That's so nice. You 72 years of! Absolutely. Really! Thank you, yeah. Thank you very, thank you. Is that mine? Yes, he's your mine. Oh, this is mine, it fell? The whole looks are from Bosa. What is this? It's a secret, do you want to go to Imoha? Yes. The whole looks are from what? You buy them but you don't. Damn, he speaks good Tagalog, it's impressive. He must have been living in the Philippines for a while. What's the name? You buy for me. Sagaing? She is holding, you know, carrying all that stuff on her head the way they do in Africa. You know, I've seen a lot of Africans in Kenya do that. Oh, I want her to be my nine. Oh, I want to go to Bosoco but I don't want to go to Imoha. I can go to Pinas, go to Pasco. Oh, why problem? Did you see the internet? Yes, I saw it. Oh, she's giving it. Brad, do you buy it for your own money? Yes, I do. Of course, I do. Oh, you know, my... He should speak Tagalog to the camera more often, man. Like, I had no idea he was that fluent. Oh. I just want to go to the Philippines. Oh, my goodness. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I want to go to the Philippines. I want to go to the Philippines. Thank you, man. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. I want to go to the Philippines. Oh, I'm so happy. What's the name of Pasco? Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. That's very nice. All right. We got two wins. Thank you, sir. Sir, how are you? I'm going to hold up. I'm going to hold up. Pinas, go ahead. They live blessings, man. Where are you? I'm going to the Philippines. Check out these flowers. I'm going to hold up. I'm going to hold up. I want to be a family. Yeah. I'm going to hold up. I'm going to give up blessings for them. Thank you, sir. He's like, no, no, no. It's OK. It's a blessing. This is blessings, man. Love it. Happy New Pasco. Hello, Diri. Hello, Makya. Hello, it's Duru Keri. You shouldn't shake hands during the pandemic, bro? Or at least, after shaking their hands, don't touch your face and wash your hands and stuff. Sanitize. This is awesome. It's time. Okay, three nothing. Let's see. Hello. Hello. Hello. Oh my gosh. It's the people on the bike. These, these are where we stopped. What? That is crazy. This is not the plan. I know, right? The plan was for the woman that's sitting there to notice that he dropped something. Not the people on the motorbike. This is crazy. Thank you. Thank you for your money. You sure this is mine? Yes. It's not mine. Oh, you're driving by? Yes. Thank you so much. Can I give you a Christmas present at least? I don't know. Pinesco. It's a reward. This is so weird because most people, it's like they are running away from him almost when he's like, hey, I want to give you money. They're like, no, no, no, it's okay. We're doing it just because that's the right thing to do, you know? I'm actually doing a video. So whoever's honest and sees my money, I want to give them a reward. So I will give you a thousand now because you're so honest. It's a reward for being honest. Is that a social experiment? Yes. You're an honest guy so you guys can go buy some snacks. It's good. This is a vlog. Yeah. Yeah. You say I'm here now. You can check it out. He knows him. Yeah. You see it. I think you're for being honest. I appreciate it. Take care. Yeah. Bye bye. You say I'm here now. Nice. Hello, nice. What have had night? Ah, had night. What have you sped at night? Excuse me. Oh, yeah. Is this mine? It fell from my pocket. Uh oh. Oh, she's like here. I know. I know. Too much cuteness. And kindness. Oh, I know. I know. Too much cuteness. And kindness. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Too much cuteness. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Oh, my God. Oh, hello. I know. I know. I know. I can explain it. This video is making me feel so good, man. Ah. I think it's also the music. Because the music is cute as well. It's not like the music from the guy I reacted to yesterday that also was copyrighted so I had to remove all of it and just leave the times where he spoke. It was so dramatic and sad and everything. But this one is like happy music and you're seeing here Filipinos with good hearts, giving him back his money. Oh my god, it makes me feel so good! Oh they recognize them! And by the way now I know how to say heat you know you guys taught me that yesterday during the livestream and it's in it you know I and I T in it it's heat. Yeah that is so sweet so he is popular huh? Why didn't he give the money to Ty? He was honest as well or maybe they had technical difficulties because we couldn't hear him speak. Oh my gosh he didn't even see him drop it. I think I think he saw him drop it but he also realized that she was filming. Yep yep yep so he thought I'm just gonna keep walking. That's what I think. Let me know what you think in the comments section. No! And she clearly saw him drop the money. She didn't even pick it up she just kept going okay. Oh she's cute that she's probably his girlfriend. I can't! Brite? It is bright. Oh my gosh. Another fail? Why you got anyone see it's right there come on it's right there. Yeah oh my gosh. Oh come on. There you go there you go you know I mean I know Filipinos are kind and honest people you know boy come on we're not perfect nobody's perfect all right so this is more realistic. She just took it. Yeah. Was it the last one? Yeah. Huh. Yeah it's very good. You could have doubled your winnings. I like his vibe. Is she for a beat up? Oh all right all right so that was the I like them I really like them I like their five man I think I'm gonna subscribe to his channel. Wait she has a British accent is it? Yeah so in obviously or no maybe Australian. 50% were honest 50% were dishonest and here we almost had a There is a part one guys obviously because this one is called part two so if you liked this reaction video we have to do part one. Perfect eight out of eight. Almost. But the last one and don't ask I don't even know why I started with part one I guess I didn't see that it was part two when you guys suggested it to me okay I was just excited about the concept. And as you guys saw she needed the money. Yeah. So nothing against her we know this is hard times but I'm super proud of the seven people that return the money. Yeah that was awesome. I was actually pretty shocked that what does that 90% Yeah. But yeah it was really good and like so many of them didn't even want the pride. Yeah I tried to reward them and so many people were like no no no no we make them. We make them. Yeah. Check my money. Come on. Yeah. Check the money. If you guys are proud of your cup of buy-in. Cup of buy-in. Come on little Filipinos please give this video a thumbs up it really helps us as creators. Yes like his video as well okay just type on google you know honest but on panoisa for dinner or just the name of his channel you guys probably know him and like his video because it's awesome. Helps the video. It's seen by other people. So I'd share it. Yeah share it if you're on Facebook. That is the social experiment. If you have any other ideas or any other social experiments you want us to do please put it in the comments below. Pero selam esa paket al. Ocamping motanan. Bye bye. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. That was awesome. I loved it. I think this is one of my favorite social experiments because you guys what you don't know is that the social experiment that I reacted to yesterday from that youtuber I reacted to another one of his social experiments but I did not publish it because it drove me crazy because of the copyrights so I just deleted it. So this is actually my third reaction to a social experiment and it's legit my favorite for multiple reasons because I like the dude you know he seems really nice really sweet and I like his energy you know it's something that you can't explain really like his energy I like the quality of his videos I like how he interacts with people and I like the quality of his audio you know I'm big on audio and he we could hear him very well so that's a big plus for me. So yeah and I think this social experiment is a lot of fun it's also funny you know and it just shows Filipino kindness. But yeah I mean I'm not surprised that seven out of eight you know told him that he dropped something you know and also the crazy part is that you know they did not want to accept a reward that's just so you know so yeah let me know the comment section below your thoughts on this and show me by liking the video that you want me to react to point one and also tell me in the comment section. Maraming Maraming Sanamapot thank you so much for watching my videos you guys are the best take care of yourselves have a great day stay safe and keep doing you man because you guys are just so great and I'll see you in the next one peace thank you for watching subscribe here and please like the video to show your support and appreciation for my work and turn on the notification bell to be pokes for future content. Yay!