 Welcome back to Real Talk. Today we're very lucky to have Chef Chris Urbano from Moputingh Cooking with us today. Hello Chris. I love it because you're going to give Christine a run for her money. I like to find out a little bit about you. And you're about to be in the background and what made you decide to come to the Philippines to visit us and all the things. Yeah so I mean I actually I knock up a garacodita sa isan paaralan dati. Sorry, I love it. Okay. I'm not going to knock on the course of the Filipino 101 here in the Philippines when I was still a college student so you know I was I was attracted to the Philippines. Actually I was studying in the region to Southeast Asia and I thought back in the months it's a Philippines as a Dean. So I'm going to put on the date back back to Lanako and I walked in off the street to a college and enrolled in Filipino. How young were you when this all happened? 21. 21. College. And how long ago was this? I'm not. I'm not sumptuong down. Okay. Yeah. Alright so you decided to come to the Philippines and study our language. And then what happened? You fell in love with the country fell in love with the girl. I mean yeah so I mean it's simply that he was the Luga. I mean Magandata Lagadita, Sipilipinas and I mean I studied in Indonesia as well and other parts of Southeast Asia I traveled through but you know Tala Gang may feeling Dita Sipilipinas now I really like the people here. You know the culture of Dita Sipilipinas, you know the good guys and the good guys in Dita Sipilipinas and how welcoming they were. And actually I like the food too right? So that just made it for a nice combination of things that made me want to come back here one day so you know I returned to Australia but about two years ago I've been working with Dita Sipilipinas and decided that Dita Namana Kumar G small business at Sakaya you know pursue your career Dita Sipilipinas. So back at cooking. Bucks. Back at cooking. So you're cooking them man. I mean from very small age, Dune Sa Australia my working parents are so I had to really learn to fan for myself as a cook so from about the age of seven Dune Sa Australia because it's just that I wasn't doing Sa Australia in the Mangakasambahai Diba. That's right. So you really fan for yourself. I mean basically basically you don't have to cook in Diba. Not in Diba, that's right. But I developed the real love for cooking and also I love to grow my own vegetables. So I had a vegetable garden when I was like seven or eight years old. My beans, ok, my kamatis, my own kanun soup. My kubo. Yeah, from my kubo. From my young age. So I love growing and cooking and then when I came here to the Philippines I really found them and that, the luto, it's a kapa kai and it's really a way to get to know people and get to know a country. So it's a great parang bintana, parasa isang kultura. So I would find that you know when I was learning the guide log people say how did you learn it? And I said ok, you can't really do it. But you don't learn how to use it. It's right. It's not really. I learned that in the markets. So you learn some of the Palenque, the wet markets. And you know what I found was you learn some of the wet markets. You know that's where people really still speak Tagalog. Because it's a, it's a, the fort, the Makati. You know, young professional Filipinos. We're just in English. That's right. So as a student here, we're here up now. We're a practice now in the weekend in the Philippines. So you learn some of the Palenque I call to learn. And I found that when I'm talking to people, they tell me about Yomanga. Luto, Nama, Nga Itan Sanka. Or Anato Ampalaia. You know, first time for me to see Ampalaia. First time to see Yomanga. See that, you know. There's not vegetables like that doing so straight. So I became really fascinated. It's a vegetables. I was learning some recipes from Yomanga. Alley, Alley, Dune Sapaleenke. And then I started to cook an experiment at home with Filipino food. How did your Maputeng cooking come about? What made you decide to actually go? On YouTube and start cooking and talking about your love for Pinoy food? Yeah, I think that he's a passion. Firstly, I mean, what inspires anybody to go and start the YouTube channel, right? In the stay in age. It's normally you feel really passionate about a topic. And I had a feeling that I'm passionate about it. So Filipino food and cooking. I love for it. So I was, you know, one day I just decided, okay, let's do it. I went out to the farmers market in Kubao. And, you know, just had a friend with me just filming. That was so bad. The video was so bad. Like, I like on pang, it's like I got you in production. Okay. But, you know, I put it on YouTube and a month later, we had about 40 or 50,000 views. Amazing. And I thought maybe people are interested in seeing that. And I think it was resonating with Filipinos wanting to kind of, they're like seeing their own culture, but through the eyes of a foreigner. And a foreigner appreciates different things I think about this country. Maybe things that Filipinos have forgotten. And then so now we have wines in front of us. And so is that also your passion? Yes. So I had an idea that, you know, Dita's a Filipina. See, when I really started to understand the food, I was like, wow, this is a world-class food. And why isn't there more wine pairing with Filipino food available? And I think it's just a knowledge. Because it's a Thai food in Filipino snacks. We're not Thai. Why, right? I was going to say, what, um, Lombanong? Yeah. And then we have alcohol in it. I don't know. You want a rum? Rice wine? Yeah. Yes, in the North, you know. Rice wine. But not really grape wine because we don't grow grapes here. Correct. So they've had fruit wine in the Philippines. Weirdly enough, they have it in Thailand. I don't know how they're able to it, but there's Thai wine. I had that idea that maybe, you know, there's an opportunity to pioneer the notion of pairing Filipino food with wine from around the world. And, you know, that was one of the motivations to start bringing in my own collection. Yes. So you're bringing in Australian wines, correct? Or different from different parts of the world? I think with wine, it's really important to really know where you're getting it from and who you're dealing with. So as an Australian, um, Thailand, your new relationship is going to answer Australian wine industry are strong. So I want to source from guys where I really know the regions. I really have a variety of tools. And I personally know the wine makers. So that's why I'm sourcing Australian. Oh, really? And would Filipino food, what wine would best pair with the flavors that we have? Uh, so it tastes of Filipino. I think a lot of Filipinos are drinking red wine, maybe because they see it on television, you know, kind of new lifestyle and wine drinker. And I did kind of bring a red wine here today. But the point I was going to bring out was... And the point I was going to bring out was... Yeah, the point I was going to bring out was probably Filipinos should be drinking more white wines. White wine. That is a climate detail at Sakayumanga, tight-known food. So my probably favorite pairing, Dita's Filipinas would be, with be called food. Which, you know, it pairs a lot of resemblance to Thai food. If you're talking Thai, you're talking, you know, spice, you're talking coconut milk, right? Because it's very similar in that sense. And the classic pairings there are typically dry styles, seven-ion blanx or reaslings from... That's what I asked you to open it. To open it. So having... I won't pop. It's just... Okay. So we'll open it so we can try it while we're talking. Okay. You know, we could use our time here. If you are going to have a red wine, eat a Filipinos, you want to probably stick with lighter styles. I mean, put it in the mandamanga, big red wine from Australia. But I find it, if you're in an aircon environment with like a stick, may hit up. It's just a little bit full. It's just too much. Too powerful when you're at a 30-degree heat. So, let's try a little bit. This can be a little bit of wine 101 for some Filipinos. An art familiar with drinking wine. So what are we looking for to help? First of all, what kind is this? I'm sorry, what type of... So we are drinking a blend of Sangia Vasi and Cabernet. Okay. This comes from Northeastern Victoria in Australia. The reason I brought this wine to the Philippines... I hope myself. Yes, you should. Cheers. Okay. All right. All right. Yay. I love my job. Okay. And I'd like to give it a nice sniff. So can you hang it with a blitz? This wine that we have. Yeah, so it's a Sangia Vasi Cabernet. And that's a really interesting blend. Sangia Vasi is an Italian grape that was originally grown in Northern Italy in areas like Tuscany and Veneto. And Cabernet is one of the red noble varieties that originated in France, but it's probably Australia. Second, most known red wine. Australia is big on charades and Cabernet. Yes, yes, yes. So this blends the two. And the reason I brought this wine to the Philippines was that I'm really looking for this lighter style, more approachable style when you first take the wine. But then I don't want necessarily to completely lose the Cabernet, which is known for having a very strong backbone and a long finish. So if you were to taste this wine, you'd get up front a very bright and medium-bodied at the front of your palate, which is sort of, you know, like a red fruit, cherry, strawberries, that sort of thing. But as you swallow, you get like the dark and leafiness and finish of the cab. So if we had to drink this wine, what food would you recommend us to pair it with? So you can put it in a red meat-based dish. And I would probably do this one with something like a caldareta. Yeah, even with the strong flavors of the peanuts. No, caldareta, well, as long peanuts. Ah, caldarekarean. They're from the Mowipo. What about very pork? So beef. What about pork? You could also do this with pork dishes. I mean, even just a straight-up roast pork. Or I mean, I would actually love this with a lamb. Lambog, onion, lambog. If you had like a goat caldareta, but any kind of roasted pork meat, it would do quite well with. And again, because it's a lighter-bodied front, you can have it with a pork for meat, as opposed to just being like red wine as a pairing to steak. Right? This being lighter can go pork or lamb or goat. So where can we get your wines? You're on a line currently. So part of our business strategy was to be online only, and that means we can get much better value for money for our customers that will welcome in among a retail store. So you just head to winebikersurbano.com. Okay. My website, Lunaco, you'll see my face there. It's a very small business that we started, but just like, I personally choose all of the wine, and I personally talk to all of my customers about what they like and what we can do for them. So you can go there, you can order something, or you can just write me an email, and I'll get back to you. I'm not going to follow me. But you know what I'm going to do. Cheers. Thank you so much for joining us today. We love it. Thank you. Yeah, for joining us, Chef Chris. I like that chef. And when we come back, we sit down with another chef who has fallen in love with the Philippines. So again, we'd like to invite our viewers to please send in their thoughts on Facebook or Twitter as CNN, ph, lifestyle, and please don't forget to use the hashtag, hashtag, CNN, ph, real talk. We will see you after the break.