 Welcome back to D&J React or Music Sparks Conversation. Everyday. Brittany, I want to welcome you back to the channel. It's been well like three months. Yeah. Something like that. Good to have you back. It is very good to have you back. So to update you, we've been doing a lot of Filipino content, right? Okay. One of the bands in particular, SB19, was recommended by some BTS people. So we started doing Filipino stuff and then came upon all these crazy good singers. Dude, most of the singers over there, as far as females, sound like a lot more of sad. Like Ariana Grande. Ariana Grande, Mariah Carey, and it's just millions of them over there that just sound incredible. So the topic of today is Land of the Best Singers in the World and they're pretty much off in the Philippines. So we're excited to jump in. But before we do, thank you everybody who'll go find me and Patreon for all the love and support. We appreciate you guys. Thank you so much. With that being said, let's jump in. Peter Dinnon. Dude, a good start. This is the 19th Best Girl. 是归 προ准 именно走。 No, no, no, no, no, we're on the road, we're on the road, we're there. You can hear the voice. It's impressive. You can hear the voice. You can hear the voice. You can hear the voice. She's on the voice. She's on the voice. She could tell she sounds better in person. It's just the quality of the camera that's filming that sounds like a prop. What we're doing is, we're on the road, we're there. It's just the quality of the camera. It's just the quality of the camera. It's just the quality of the camera. Alright, let's do this. Let's do this. It's just the quality of the camera. Please let me go. Girl friends, we are just a place there to seek No nemenassembly No nenek These are just getting better and better I'm so happy. I can't give me chills. My god, that's incredible. Brother, oh, I'm so good. Even the God, too. You're so beautiful. You're my God, you're beautiful. You're so beautiful. You're my God, you're so beautiful. You're my God, you're so beautiful. I'm so beautiful. You're so sorry. But there's like nicknames that they're giving them. Okay. I'm so happy. Take those high notes and have control. Amazing, huh? Pretty incredible. It just sounds better than like the original. You know, it's crazy. There's a couple guys that I've seen, like just bullshit non-cariochi and the Philippines and some random village. And like, they sound better than a Lannis Moroset and Mariah Carey, the guys. So, you know what triggered a thought triggered watching this and what you guys were telling me. So, the Philippines gets skipped out a lot on big artists to perform there. Because they don't have venues to, you know, with Stan, like the crowd, the stage, the everything that they need. Yeah. So, a lot of big artists don't go to the Philippines. So, as a result, they're like, well, we like these all. We want to hear it. So, there is an impersonator of Taylor Swift and the Philippines. And she puts on a show, like a concert, like, and people are like, they love her. It's like, it's her. She sounds like her. Yeah, well, I think she does, we call it like a, just sings over it. You know, like Taylor is amazing. But it's more like having the performance and having that experience. So, I wonder if this is like a result of just like not having many performers come. And people are like, well, we'll do it ourselves. Yeah. But, dude, a lot of them, like, I would say like 90% of the people that are actually trying to sing, like, sounding incredible. Yeah, they're amazing. It's like in saying how much talent is over there. Like running and trying to sing at the same time, like the voice doesn't bounce, you know. That's all. I'm just going to sing for it. Here? No she gets tired to lay proud as Micro. The beautiful voice. Uh-oh. I feel like I've heard this sound on memes before. What's a song? It's an opera song. Yeah. Jesus, I really do need it. I've just been in the US and all the other stuff from our songs. Yeah. Damn. That was awesome. Yeah. He'll keep the fear at bay. So no one comes at night to love the dream away. I'm so sorry. I know. It's really powerful. It's like a Disney song. It's like a Disney song. It's like a Disney song. It's like a Disney song. It's like a Disney song. It must love this song over there. Oh, it's beautiful. It's like a Disney song. Oh. It's like a Disney song. It must be like a high-range. Yeah. You know what you guys are saying. What year was this film? It's like the most quality video ever. It's pretty good. She's so pretty. Pretty impressive. Oh, that's a Queen of Asia. It looks so easy for her too. Wow, that's far as good. Her dress. Yeah, just happened. Are these women or are they active like singing now? I know a couple of them can be- Because that's just 2011 in the background right there. That makes sense. That video quality is so bad. But Morisette is one girl that we've been reacting to. She's from the Philippines and I think she's on here. She's coming up in one of them. Oh, okay. A couple of them are active. It's so high pitch. I feel like the speakers are going to blow up. This is so nice too. I imagine that they were singing on sound systems like what a deluge is. Yeah, I was just going to say that. I feel like the sound system is so good. I'm going to say that. I feel like the sound system these girls are singing out of doesn't support the range that they are. Not even close. The speakers are about to blow up. It's like crackling almost time to keep up. That's quite old, you know. And just like not the best quality stuff. Imagine she had like a delus stuff. Be insane. I'm going to get serious. I'm going to get serious. I'm going to get serious. Jeez. Dude. Thank you. I'm going to get a little soul-ing. I'm going to get a little soul-ing. I'm going to get a little soul-ing. I'm going to get a little soul-ing. I'm going to get a little soul-ing. I'm going to get a little soul-ing. I'm going to get a little soul-ing. I'm going to get a little soul-ing. I'm going to get a little soul-ing. I'm going to get a little soul-ing. Oh my god. I'm going to get a little soul-ing. I feel like you could go out to the Philippines, line 100 women up, put a blindfold on, and then somebody just spin you. That's just amazing. She's like a Taylor Swift in the Philippines. She's like a Taylor Swift in the Philippines. Isn't this a more like Harry's song? That's going to be far to tell her about cracking your voice. She's like that one mistake. There's not many people here who do that. There's not many people here who do that. There's not many people here who do that. There's not many people here who do that. I don't know about that. I feel like that you can't even rank any of those 18 or 19 girls. They're all like right there in their debut show. They all have their own little things that make them really good. I know it's on every single one of them. Did you know that there was this many talented people over in the Philippines as far as singing wise? No, personally, I've never known an artist. I don't know if he was necessarily born, but other than that, I have never. I saw a picture of Bruno Mars and a couple of other people from the Philippines. I don't even know Bruno Mars or any of these people had Filipino characters. I don't know.