 Aya, what's up and welcome back to my YouTube channel. And it's your favorite, you are always docker's. Thank you so so much for tuning in. And today I have my friend with me, me, which is boss Skirk and I am from London. I'm going to leave the link to YouTube channel in the description. So you guys should go to this channel, subscribe to this channel, watch this videos, watch our collaborations together, and tell him you came from docker's. And I'm sorry I'm going to be showing going in this video because my source is kind of feeling weird because of the weather. So I'm taking this double mean something so that I can be feeling good down here. So basically I'm going to be having an interview with him today. Like why is there usually AI in the depths of awareness in the Philippines during Christmas? Right now guys in the Philippines, there are a lot of foreigners. So my question is why is there usually a lot of foreign and indephilippines most especially during Christmas? Well I suppose to be honest, I tell you why so many foreigners are in the Philippines. Because Christmas is so lovely in the Philippines and it depends on where they come from. You know, so for example they come from the USA, they come from United Kingdom Canada. They have the weather in the country, it's wherever, or the celebration of Christmas is not one of these so terrific as a Christmas in the Philippines. What ethnicity are you originally from? I am from United Kingdom. But you born in the UK? I was born in the UK and my background we are originally from Australia. Do you frequently travel to Germany? To be honest I am not traveling to Jamaica for about 20 years. Really? Yes correct. Do you live with your family members? Because your access, what influence your access? Well what influence my access right now is more like you say it's more of a training that is more of a population and someone from Papalus. So why do you live in the environments against dilemmas? Well I've been living in the environment for 27 years and what it is that we speak partway in Jamaica but because I take all the broken English from out my head and speak in a normal English fluent or English, in a accent, Jamaica, and accent. We do totally come accents because it's so difficult to tell. So basically is this your first time off traveling to the Philippines? Yes it is my first first up 12th time traveling to the Philippines and I'm finding it so nice I'm finding the people so friendly here in the Philippines and it wasn't what I was expecting when I traveled here in the Philippines because in United Kingdom a lot of people were saying that Philippines is racist they don't like blocked people so when I arrived in the Philippines it wasn't anything like what I was expecting and I'm very surprised. I'm also you said earlier that this is your first time being in the city? Yes that's correct. So if I may ask what made you decide to travel to the Philippines? I mean would you talk about the Philippines or what made you feel like oh this country I want to come here? I was introduced by a Philippine friend at my workplace and in the UK? Yes she literally worked in the same place as me and she's a Filipino and she just gave me some one number and said you need to go to the Philippines you know and then she also gave me the Facebook and said I will introduce it to a friend in the Philippines so I decided to say okay let me go on have a look at the Philippines. Really? Yeah. Just through your coworker so I'm finding the Philippines so far. Those are the culture shocks different from the UK things that shocks you. Well the things that shock me is that you know they are so amazed by my height which was one of them I would not believe my eyes and it makes me feel more in the Philippines like I'm a celebrity. Guys imagine we are walking together people are only taking pictures with team but it's crazy because everybody looks at some like a celebrity we see the worst take pictures with team because of his height and everything so that's one of the things that shocks me here. That's one of the things that really really shocks me so I was expecting that and they all think I am a boss that they are from the USA so they think that I play boss to boss so that's what they thought. Yeah from the Philippines when you are sold everybody automatically thinks that you are a busted ball player. Even if you are not. The other thing shocks me is that how friendly they are in the Philippines I was not expecting any of that here you know so they are very friendly and what shocked me as well you know they have something called ballot which I did not even know about here in the Philippines. I have never tried ballots. I never tried ballots. I think we should. Should I make ins right ballots? If you want to see ins right ballots let me know in the comments section. I am so excited. I have tried ballots and I did it you know I tried it with a lot of fears in me and I want to see that fear in me also. You made mention of how nice people are. How kind people are. Are people in the UK or slightly? I want to say no in the UK they are not friendly as Filipino you don't get that. Sometimes you say hello to someone they would swear to you and run just tell you the way. Really? Yes so it is really really shocking so when I come to the Philippines I just can't believe all friendly people are in this country it is one of the most shocking shocking experience ever because I travel to so many countries in the world I travel to over 3rd and 9 countries. You bring to test 9 countries? The 3rd and 9 countries yet. So do you plan to stay here long time or you are just here for a short vacation? Or did you just came here to see our piece before you finally decide to move here completely? Well yes I am going to be here as it's done for 3 weeks and I just wanted to explore to a few interesting places and see what the Philippines is about. I want to see what the culture is about as well to experience the Philippines. Because it is very similar to the Jamaican culture that I experienced but people and I am more friendly here in this country and I am finding it a lot better than Jamaican. Wow really? I also want to go to Jamaica in the future. You know Bob Mali? Oh Bob Mali is on Jamaica right? That's correct Bob Mali. One love you know? One love. It's one son. One love. Let's stand together and eat our lunch. It's one love yeah? Yeah it's so nice. So in the UK have you ever you know second initiative to try the Filipino food? Yes I have tried a few when I was in the UK and that is where I pick up and this is where I get to know a lot of Filipinos as well. So slowly I get to have friends in Philippines you know then I get to go to the houses of Filipinos and try the food. I try a lot of things and that really give me encouragement about the Philippines. Wow that's awesome guys like I said in this video. Because the YouTube channel and it's also going to be sharing is experience is life in the Philippines. So I'm going to believe in the links is YouTube channel in the description box. So you go about this channel subscribe to him watches video and you know how we do it yet. He said he came from Durkass. Would you recommend that the family members come to the Philippines? So visit the Philippines? Yes I was trying to encourage my mom to come to the Philippines and she said it's too far. Yeah is she older? She is. Oh yeah. Is that a bit of a problem for her or the traveler in the Philippines? Yeah. So that's a big problem but I said to my mom that once you reach in the Philippines. I said that that she never going to regret it. She will never regret coming here in the Philippines when they were regretting it. I see a lot of foreigners you know work in their country. They work in the country specifically say and then they leave their country to come to the Philippines. Or you don't want countries like Thailand to spend your income. Like why is that something that is happening now in the first world countries? Yes the reason why things are like this are happening. Do you know the girlfriends that they are in the country? That they don't clean, they don't poke, they don't wash, they don't do anything for you. So you can be going to work working for 12 hours. You thinking that food is going to be on your table. What they decided to do is go out on the street and buy fish and chips and put it right on the table and give it to you to eat. And you will have your dirty clothes in the basket. You know literally for the 12 hours shift you work. You have to come home and you have to end up doing your own washing. What if your wife or girlfriend is also having a 12 hours shift? What if she's also doing the same work as you are? Well I would understand then that would be completely a different story. So that would be very difficult. If she's working 12 hours and I am working 12 hours then I would understand the situation. That it means that we don't have any time to do anything like cooking. So the only thing we can do maybe is just come home and spend maybe 30 minutes and do help each other to do cooking. So maybe she could do the cooking. I could put some washing on. Okay. I could do a quick like food. Okay. And then if I finish my washing and wherever you are in the cooking I will come and help and we go finish. So we can get ourselves to bed to wake up for the next day and do what we want. So in this case you think the girlfriends they don't work are at the same time they still don't contribute? No they don't contribute. No they don't contribute. What they do mostly they are not working. They are sitting on claiming benefits. You know literally let you go into work for the 12 hours. They're not cooking for you. They're not doing any washing for you. You still have to come home and still do everything. And she will just have to come for a second home at home and just enjoy your money. Oh wow. That's so crazy. So is that also one of the reasons why a lot of foreign men would regard that you know dates, Filipinas? That is correct. And if I was to be honest that's the reason why I am here in the Philippines. And this is why I'm searching for a Filipino girlfriend. Really? Yeah. That's amazing. I wish you good luck on your journey. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. So is yeah is such of a suit? No I mean not a suit. What am I saying? Is yeah is such for a Filipino girlfriend. So if you are interested because it's general so you're here because you are looking for a Filipino. So do you think a Filipino is going to give you the kind of joy you kiss you once in your life? I would say the whole yes. Well due to what I see in the UK and due to my experience to see Filipinos how they look after their husband I'm going to say yes and due to what I'm seeing already in Philippines and Filipinos are looking for foreigners growing well here in Philippines. So you think they are convinced that if I guess the Filipina she would definitely look after me. I am positive. That means you have a plan to leave in the Philippines long time. That's correct. I am planning to leave in the Philippines because I will explore a few places. I met up with a few people and I'm finding it really really really so for that moment. Really really from testing. If you were to leave in a place in the Philippines would you prefer to leave in the city or in the province? Well I would prefer to live in the province because the reason why I would choose the province because the province is very nice and simple it's very peaceful, it's very fresh, it's not polluted. What else would you say that you know made you love the Philippines so much that made it travel here? Well what made me love the Philippines that I do a lot of researches and you chose and I get to watch a bit of the cultural life. I get to watch foreigners coming here in Philippines. I experience in the culture, the lifestyle, the friendliness, the don't-do-our-up. So it encouraged me. When I see that I said oh my god I got to come and experience this place in real life. In real life. So basically, he enjoys staying in the Philippines. If you still want to have the ballots video comments down in the comments section let's me know. We are going to end this video now. So guys, make sure you like, share, comments. Let me know your thoughts down below and I will see you in my next video. Until then, bye. Bye.