 What's the deal, family? Welcome back to the realist's rastin channel on YouTube. This is Bushson. We here with another banger for y'all, Mace. Look. Filipino singers that we in viral in 2020 updated version. So this one, first time it was sent to me was a long time ago. And it was only sent one time. But then recently a couple more people started sending it to me. I was like, damn, I remember somebody requested this like when it probably when it first came out. It came out like March or something. Yeah. So it's probably around when it first came out. Somebody requested it. Never just, you know what I'm saying? I give requests that a lot of stuff. But then recently people were sending it to me. I was like, you know what? I do remember somebody sending me this. That's just do it. Well, before it's 2022, let's just make it happen. So we here Filipino singers that we in viral 2020. Man, it's a 20 minute video. So I'm a later rock. If you guys want me to do some more stuff, let me know in the comments below or the best place to send me anything is going to be Instagram. Sean W. Tyler is my Instagram send it to me over there. Because that's mainly nowadays. That's mainly where I go to from my request video. So we got something you really want me to do. That's where you want to send it, man. Let's get to this. See what these singers got, man. Oh shit. At the restaurant, just chillin'. I want to do it. But death tread that? I don't want to lose you. I don't want to lose you. Just to have somebody by my side. She over here teaching math equations. Man, she need to get, she need to go, she need to get her a mic. She need to get her a mic. And start posting on YouTube or something. She over here doing math equations. Man, where the voice like that? Come on. And I don't want to hate you. I don't want to take you. But I don't want to be the one to cry. Oh, you got the vibrato. And I don't really matter to anyone anymore. But like a fool, I keep losing my place. And I keep seeing you walk through that door. But there's a danger being loved and saying that I can't do that. She's fine. And it's said when you know it's your heart, you can trust. There's a reason why people don't say where they are. Maybe sometimes you're just into us. She got a pipe, man. What? She got a pipe. I can never change you. I don't want to blame you. Baby, you don't have to take the phone. She don't even sound like she's into Philippines. She sounds like she's a Filipino that live in America or something. But I'm based on the voice. I'm probably wrong to hear. Yes, I may have heard you, but I did not deserve you. Maybe I just want to have it all. It makes us out like the thunder. It makes me feel like a rain. Yeah, she's going crazy with it. Yeah, some women are oblique with them. A marriage. No, I am just having fun with them. I have to have them fall. A couple who will never see the truth. I keep thinking somethings gonna change. But there's a danger being loved and someone too much. in a good way and I was just like, I just keep singing, babe. Just babe, just keep singing, babe. Like, what? Oh. Baby sometimes love just ain't enough. And there's no way home. OK. When it's late at night and you're alone, all the things that you want to say. Do you feel me beside? What? No, they have to carry Yokey with it. What? They're in the Philippines, oh, listen. They're in the Philippines, oh, listen. Yeah, the lead. Yes. I hope I lie. I lie, I hope I lie. What the hell? Is it a coincidence or these people with viral in 2020 or in Philippines, y'all really got singers like that. Y'all out here got wind pipes up in the Philippines, man. Is something in the water? Is there something in the water? I'm just asking. I don't know. I know there are singers everywhere in the world. But they're, I don't think I've seen a video like Mexican singers like Noah Finns, the medicine, African, Mexican, Russian. I don't really matter. England singers that we have viral in 2018, you know what I mean? I can't believe we got it. I can't believe we got it. I can't believe we got it. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. She is drunk of beers and steak is still hitting the fire. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Get these women some contracts. They have this. Oh. man. Anyways, get these one with some contracts for real. Get them over to wherever the studio at. Get them right. Where is the appreciation? Ooooh... Anneへ... She's fine! But more than anything she is... I'm so alive, with so many eyes, I'm so alive I'm living with you, down on my feet You're everywhere, but... That's insane, bro That's what you're saying now, no like that You're the same, but... I'm so alive, with so many eyes Graham on Auntie just chilling like this shit regular buddy This is very regular opening I'm so alive, with so many eyes I'm so alive, with so many eyes I'm so alive I'm so alive, with so many eyes I'm so alive, with so many eyes I'm so alive, with so many eyes I'm so alive, with so many eyes She's singing that easy I'm so alive, with so many eyes Like she's trying, but like you know what I mean? Like I'm just doing a sweat doing this bro She ain't breaking a sweat, a pinch to nerve nothing I'm so alive, with so many eyes I'm so alive, with so many eyes Hey, everybody, strong as hell Let me see This might be the last one, I'm gonna take this one today Y'all want me to do the second part though? Like the rest of this video let me know, but I'm gonna finish with this dude and then I'm gonna cut it right there Okay This is very smooth Sometimes I make under the moon, I thank God I'm breathing And I pray don't thank me soon, cause I am here for reasons Sometimes in my tears I drown, but I never let it get me down Good boys I know something in alternate around Because all my life I'll be waiting for I'll be praying for all the people to say That we don't want to fight no more, there'll be no more wars When I tell you we play He got a great voice yo He got like one of those pure voices Like always drink water, never smoke sick or ask He got one of those like pure sounding voices He doesn't look like a kid but he has like a kid kind of voice One day, very pure One day, it is One day, one day It's not about to win or lose Cause we all lose when we beat him And we're in his emblazage baby And we keep on moving to the what that's there is At this space you can lose your way You will, hit my drive you crazy Don't let the face him away, set no way And sometimes in my tears I drown, but I never let it get me down So when the negativity is so wrong I know someday Or turn around because Hold my life, I'll be waiting for I'll be praying for All the people to say that we don't Man, these dudes are these, all these people got to get in some studios Man, they got to start recording themselves Or something cause they got the voice they just got to put it out there to the world One of those like no more, there'll be no more wars When I tell you we play One day, one day One day, one day, one day But you're one day, one day One day, one day When they were so we changed to people to say Stop without violence, stop with the hate What they will be free and proud to be After the same sun singing, so for freedom I want you I'll be a warrior Fireflies Fireflies Because of my life I'll be waiting for I'll be praying for All the people to say that we don't Man, don't fight no more, there'll be no more wars When I tell you we play One day, one day One day, one day One day, one day Oh Okay That's easy too Why, it was just a bit We got a baby I was a Filipino singer that was in the 2020 UPDATED You can say that's part one If you want to see the baby If you want to see the baby put in work Let me know and I'll do a part two I don't have enough time to finish this out That's it Let me know what's going on in the comments Hit me up on Instagram if you got some stuff That's pretty much it I love your I appreciate you so keep it real real Always reach everyone next time I love you