 but you're Friday. The freshest. Okay, so... Xhibit B. Oh, Filipinos, and I think you have an in the... in brain button, where you can just switch and then you speak Spanish. So it's, yes, in people that we have never seen before, like for example, this is Aldmund, von Lviv, Volante, and he is singing in Spanish and you guys were like totally crazy about it. So let's have a look. Oh, wow. Oh, nice. He's gonna sing a... A bolero. A bolero. Oh, my god, he makes me nervous. Listen, listen people, let's make a point, clear blank. If you didn't tell me this man was Filipino, I would have said to you, Mexican. Really posh, Mexican. Really, really well spoken Mexican. Yeah, like he's really refined. Oh, my god. Okay, but this is what I know so far. Based on the little experience that you guys have shared with me on the Instagram DMs and all the TikToks that you have tagged me in and the shared information that we have on conversations. That Filipinos are incredibly great at emulating, right? In postulating. Yeah, like copying and replicating the sounds. Yeah. phonetically correct, technically you sound. It's mind blowing to me, right? So that's like a technique on its own. But when you take that and you're obviously replicating sounds and singers that are so well spoken, they're so well refined, this, you know, this pieces are from legendary singers in Spanish. Well, let us, what's so interesting with boleros is that it's like the most refined style of music in Spanish. So in the sense of pronunciation wise and poetry wise is like the most elite. You can find. So it's really intriguing that he's also able to emulate that. Maybe he doesn't know that he's speaking Spanish. So, clearly, and by the way, this is like the boleros is like Luis Miguel, I think. Yes. So like you get really people who sang boleros at this level, like Luis Miguel, were really refined Spanish speakers and really refined poets. And if they were doing renditions of things, still you'd not anyone could do that. And that's why boleros were so impressive because you also had urban music. Yes. And you also had more, you know, more forchloric music where people used to like slang or more colloquial or wording of things. Yes. So that's why it's so impressive. But that really struck so much to me. So if they were, if, for example, this particular singer here, he was to be, I don't know, coping somebody like, I don't know, Daddy Yankee. I think he would get really close to that sound. That's why the despacito thing, I don't find that as impressive. It is still fun. But when a lot of people cover despacito, he's like, eh, it's okay. Yeah. But it's just the speed, I guess, as impressive. In this particular case, obviously the original singer Luis Miguel provided such beautiful diction, such beautiful rich pronunciation of the language. And it's been emulated in such a wonderful way here. We play here.. In a word. My God. Don'tً‼ Please sing on my song It love you That is beautiful Side by sides So... Yes, so the specific words which are oddly difficult, but I wouldn't think they will be difficult, but if you think... Because you're a Spanish speaker. No, no, no, for them. For people who speak Tagalog. But like, Estreja is a specific, critical song. And not only I only thought about it now. Yes. Also... Because there is... Estreja means star. Estreja. Because what happens is there is a T and an R, followed by the jazz sound. Veratable, Leo. That is actually quite a tricky pronunciation, even if you speak Spanish itself. It's like Estreja. In Tagalog you don't really have it. The only way to get the tongue is that. Jazz. You have a yo. Say yo. And it's more like a Y sound in English, like how we pronounce Ys in English. It's like a... Like a... Why? Yeah, but what I mean is the movement of the tongue is a bit... The smoother sound. So in... Double Ls... In Spanish. They come quite close to a CH sound. Cha. In English. Closer than it is to a Y sound. Right. So that could be... Yeah, that could be quite... It's quite a cutting... Sounding... Quite a bit. Where is... Yeah. A lot of people have speak Spanish. Don't really differentiate in diction. Jazz. With Double L. And yeah, with... Why? Because they don't sound different. They don't sound different. They don't sound different. And, finally enough, especially in South America, there's not really that much differentiation between things like S and Z, or Z, so how you'd like to pronounce it. So it's like... It's quite hard sometimes to know, especially with spelling. In South America, especially... Well, Castellano. Because that's the thing. It's like, so I actually speak Spanish. It's called Castellano. That's the thing that everyone speaks in South America. And then in Spain, they speak like royal Spanish. That's right. The royal academies. Which is actually the proper one. Yeah. But, and in there, you can tell even Ja, Ja, they have different pronunciations in... Like, they're a bit more refined with it, and most specifically with the S, C and Z. That's right. You can really notice a difference in Spain. In Castellano is pretty much the same sounding. And, ironically speaking, they're all the same. Which is really cool in this part, in his particular take. It is so clear that it's Castellano, that he is replicating. So the Latin American accent of Spanish, which obviously, like I said, is a very clear tell of emulation through sound. True. Which is not to me. Also, his technique is so beautiful. Oh, true. Nice. Nice. Oh! And the Spanish. Wow! That's hard. Yes, sir. Oh, that's a really cool ending. That's a really cool ending, because he's so like... He can't live on a cliffhanger. Such a hard song, you know? I forget how hard that song was. Like, for real, I totally, totally erased it in my mind from some reason. Listen, the song is completely... a task in the singing technique, so his approach was absolutely pinnacle perfection. Really well done, obviously. The singing this type of song sitting down with such a high-gain microphone, it's literally shooting yourself in the foot. This is... The shitting yourself. It's like shooting. Shooting yourself in the foot. Sorry, sorry. Yes, because it's literally putting you in the most exposing environment ever. Right? You're not in control of them breathing 100%. The microphone will pick up every single little detail. And in this particular case, he just approached it with such ease. Lovely. Such beautiful pronunciation. A fantastic singing technique. I mean, singing Luis Miguel is a thing of heroes. This is quite hard to replicate. That's a reason why not a lot of people go out in their lives, then, you know, do Luis Miguel covers out there? There's another example that you guys are seeing the studio. Yes. And this one is by Ding Song, by La Javier. Oh, by La Javier. Okay, so this is... In Miami, is it? Yes. Okay, let me give you a little bit of backstory to this, because you guys were kind enough to send it through. So this was filmed in 2009 in Miami in a resort. Nice. But the entertainers were... They flew them in from the Philippines. Right? So they don't speak Spanish. Apparently, that's what the person said. And I'd imagine if you were in a resort in Miami. You have... Miami, it's basically part of South America. Literally, Miami is... So, it's different country, Miami. Miami is Latino. Miami is a different country, which is crazy. But, yeah, so everyone there... Spanish is the official language in Miami. So if people clapped, they were Spanish speakers. Yes, exactly. So, yeah, for any of this... Who songs are there? I have no idea. I want to say Vicente Fernandez. If you're... If you're... Alejandro Fernandez. What? Close. Not the same though. There you go. I... Can't go out. Alejandro. Okay, let's go. Okay, let's go. It even sounds like the original singer. That's nuts. We'll call the bass player and start getting at it. It's nuts. Everyone there dancing just thinks this is like... And normal, they probably think he's Latino. Yeah, because also... There's a lot of Filipinos at Luglatino. I actually think Filipinos can pass for Latinos. Oh, definitely, yeah. They just use questions as... Just say your mother is from the Philippines, whatever. And then you could arrive at U.A. Born in Colombia as a... Mexico. No, yes. And then, but don't speak it. It'd be like, ah, just my throat hurts when I speak in Spanish. I follow this. He's speaking in English. I love that so go. Oh, gosh. He sounds like... Original singer. Yeah, like there's so much girth. By the way, he's got a timbre of voice that is so rich. Yes, lovely. Whether it's modulated for this specific song. Okay, that's a question. But it sounds so natural, doesn't it? Lovely. I mean, wow. Tell me, just look at the reaction of people. Who are the people? Who are the people? Tell you, the Philippines has like a chick code in their genetic system. I love that. And the speak languages, like, is nothing. Gosh. Can you change? Oh. That's awesome. It's like a baby in the way. A little bit. That was cake for him. So easy. Thank you so much. That was cake. He sang that like he was enough. So is he like is he one of the musicians because he sort of dressed differently? I think he might I don't I don't know He worked there and then he sort of just I know this Great kids. I knew anyone know this story But that is meant when he's the thing is like it's obviously a bit of a running meme on the channel That old Filipinos can speak Spanish obviously. This is this is enough of a proof. It's like mate But you see when I'm gonna when you go to the Philippines, I'm not gonna speak English. I'm just gonna say oh la la como estas And I expect the Nanzabac Gustas a yo Yeah, we were gonna be like just replying in Tagalog like we like all No, I just keep speaking in Spanish because I think I could actually survive. I don't think you could put good I think I could I think you're being totally When we go there, I'm going to make a challenge. I've locked challenge I'm gonna have some cameras follow me. Okay. Actually I hire some videographers I can hire them me. No, I and I'm gonna you'll see me No, no, you gotta be part of the thing. I'm gonna hire them in Spanish as well Well, the whole thing is gonna be Spanish me and play out 24 hours only Spanish in the Philippines, right? I'm gonna get away with it. I'm telling you But I'll just cut and then they can communicate through me through songs Like you're going too fast. There's Pasito this Pasito, you know only oh, I don't know I don't know this I wish I did see two supieras, you know what I mean You know what time it at the post Yes, I mean different you can do whatever you want Anyway, that's not what blah blah blah blah but you guys probably better about it. I couldn't speak now You guys talk about it and then what else would you check out next if you have any more covers or any What else from the Philippines singing in Spanish any songs anything's yourselves? Because I know a lot of you sing it. You want to give it a go and tag me on your stuff Please do take talks anything go follow baleska on Instagram and Tik Tok and send her videos there Yes, they both are at WLSK 15 and I'll put it in the comments because baleska forgets. Yes, goodbye