 Okay, so be careful in the Philippines. I was walking for the other night, walking back to my place and I met some girls. There's three beautiful girls sitting there and they go, hi sir, it's dark and it's on the beach. And they go, hi sir, can I take a picture with you? And I'm like, they wanted me to take a picture of them three. No, they wanted to take a picture with me. And this has happened to me more than once in Burakai. I'm not sure, I don't think they recognize me from my channels since I don't really show my face much and my channel wasn't very big when I used to. But no, you're an American or you're a Western guy or you're white. Philippines are going to approach you of all ages and ask for a picture like your Drake or something. So anyways, we got to talking and basically what happened was they told me they were like taking a liking to me or the one of them was really taking a liking to me. Oh wow, sir, I really like you. I want American boyfriend like you or I want Western guy like you. And I'm like, do you like me? And I'm like, well, I don't know, I just met you like 40 minutes ago or something. So I sat there and chatted with them. And there was a little bit of a communication barrier and they were translating or texting me or while we're sitting together or speaking to each other into God log, which guys you need to learn to God log when you come out here. So you can know if they're talking smack about you or your girlfriend is when you get in a relationship or whatever. These people are very close. You're going to be mainly probably friendly or hanging out with their sisters and them and different people and stuff. So you want to make sure that you know their language so that you can kind of hold your own. But anyways, just hanging out with these girls is sitting there just bullshit and they say, oh, we're 18 and 21 or whatever. And I'm like, look at how I'm going. And I don't know, let me see some ID. And they keep going, oh my God, I want boyfriend like you. We can come to your house with you and all kinds of stuff. And I'm like, yeah, seems a little too easy. And I really know reason for three of you to come over since Filipinas aren't like that if you know what I'm saying. Or that type of party and seven, I was kind of thinking, why would I need these girls to know where I live? And they're staying at a hotel out here. They're not from Baraka. They're from few hours away or whatever. And we're just talking, just bullshit or communicating the best that we can, which is a little bit rough because they are having a hard time understanding and speaking English. They kind of speak it good, but they're claiming they're having a hard time doing it. So then they're texting me. And basically what happened was I left. And then they text me and said, oh, I'm shy because I don't understand English. Please come back, sir. So I just was like a couple blocks away or whatever. So I came back and I'm just kind of entertaining the situation, you know, kind of enjoying the attention, but also kind of like, you know, definitely not going to touch you and need some ID from the one that's interested or wherever. So long story short, I basically ended up leaving. And then the one reaches out to me, one of the girls reaches out to me and basically says, I'll be 18 in three months. And I'm like, okay, well, that's not 18. And I'm not interested in you if you're not 18. And to be honest, I had been interested in the older one, but, you know, regardless, I can't even, I don't even want to communicate with you if you're that young. That's just not something I'm willing to do. I don't care what the law is. I'm not, I'm not interested. Yeah, that's all well and good that, you know, in a few months. And then she's literally sending me ID and ID of someone else. She's sending me an ID of literally someone else covering the face on the ID. The water's looking a little green today, guys, but yeah, she's covering the face on the ID and sending me the ID of another person and that showing that now she's going back to saying that she is 18. Guys, be careful in the Philippines. Check IDs. You don't want to end up like Pogi. Luckily, I didn't take them to my house. I didn't touch them. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Be careful, man. 18 and over. This is not the kind of place you want to get Pogi German. Be super careful. These girls will have crazy interest in you probably just for your skin color. You know, maybe they eat it whatever. It doesn't matter. 18 and over, guys, and check IDs. And I almost got caught up in some weird hijinks. Never once did I even think about taking them to my place. You know, was I suspicious when they were getting out, absolutely, was requesting ID. And then we get into this whole shenanigans of admitting that you're not 18, then sending me an ID of someone that is 18 and starting to insult me. And so like that, and it's like not interested, man, not interested. Too many girls out here that are of age. 21 year old is really beautiful. 18 girls, but yeah, no chance in hell. So be super careful in the Philippines, man. It's not going to be a friendly situation if you were to take them to your house or something that's going to happen or you, you know, got for a bit, any of these things that I wouldn't even say. You could have a terrible, terrible, terrible time with that exact situation. So just wanted to give that warning to guys that are going to be out here and you'll be enjoying the attention. Always check ID. You're ever, ever, don't check an ID. You must do that. You must make sure that you, you know, just check IDs, guys. Do not hook up with a girl to solve what she's saying. That girl straight up lied and her sister lied or whatever. I don't know who's what age. I don't care. You can obviously have a conversation with somebody that's 17 or whatever, but don't bring them to your house. Don't touch them. Don't do a goddamn thing. A lot of times those girls that are a little bit underage or just rest of the 18 will be the ones that are going to be the most aggressive with you, to be honest with you because they're a little bit foreign or struck and they maybe, you know, I don't know. It's just always the way it is. Even in the US, you know, a girl that's 18 will be more aggressive than a woman that's, you know, 28. That's just for some odd reason. That's just the way it works. But yeah, guys, be careful in the fills. Not all attention is good attention and always check IDs. I don't care if the girl says she's 25. If you have any suspicion, check her ID. Also, if you're getting serious, we go get a scene of Mark. Make sure she's not married. Make sure she doesn't have kids. If you don't ever send a stranger money, all the rules that I've already laid out for my people. So, water's looking green again down here in station two, but still crystal clear in station three and I think up here in station one. Another beautiful day in paradise. I think it's Monday, but I'm on island time, so I've completely forgotten. And much love to everybody. Like, comment, subscribe, share the video. And for the 20th time, be careful in the Philippines and always follow your instinct. And if a girl looks young, she probably is. And no ID, no hanging out, no friendship, no dating, no moving into my place. I don't care. The forest girl in the world can come up with some form of some ID. Anything, you know, to prove student ID, whatever the case may be. So much love to everybody, much love to all my new subscribers. I'm going to continue to put out these videos every day. Check my lives every day. Doing lives every day. A lot of new people join in the community, about to crack 15,000. Love you guys. Get you on the next one. Beautiful Boraka Island for a while. I know. Santa All.