 Havoy toon tonight! Kaya sa toon sa trai na yung saye! Oh, yo, ay, ay! Ay, ay, ay! All right! It's general, my name is Twain Boy and I will be your host for this evening. So, I'm looking about myself before we get started. In Filipino, my husband's feeling way up. Okay, so... Yes... Yes, thank you! Ay, ansonanita na tayo selemontaj si Sydney. Atay yung venyo natin na yung. Paso ka tayo. Yo! Ang ganda ng venyo natin, no? So, hintain po natin ang mga gas na maghakarating dito. Tapos magstarnatayo. Filipina Australian wedding dito sa Sydney, Australia. This is gonna be one epic evening. Ang ganda ng kick nila, I know follow your science account. Lanny, underscore of pink. In the park. Mmm, good luck. How are you doing tonight? Hi! I've been in the Philippines for about five years, which is, I guess, why I feel a bit anxious and I'm so excited to be in the post of the wedding. How are we gonna have a mix of Filipina and Australian culture tonight as we have a Filipino and Australian getting married? I've been wondering if you've been since I found you in the CBN. Ay, yung, 19, I've seen you. Ay, yung, I've been a bit cool. So, I'll be speaking a bit of Tagalog tonight. I understand a lot of English speakers are here tonight. So, I'll be respectful and I won't speak too much Tagalog but I think I'm looking into his believe. I'm so excited. First up, we have the flower girls and paint boy. Please give a round of applause for me, that is your friend, and instead! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Ladies and gentlemen, next up, please give a warm round of applause for our Broadway and junior Broadway to see me. Nika, Holly, Vatiline, Baya, Angel and Lorraine! This is the senior Broadway Poly accepted. She was spotted just in 2 min restoration stages. Yay! Nice to meet you all. It's nice to meet you. Y'all have your own best wishes for women from prominent theaters. I'm in your eyes, in your body to the stars I'm in your eyes, in your body to the stars Alright ladies and gentlemen and now the moment you've all been waiting for the grand entrance of our couple tonight Can I invite everyone to now please stand for the grand entrance of Mr. Mrs. Wood? Are you ready? I said, are you ready? That's my blanket, ladies and gentlemen, remember this is a celebration I want everyone to be clapping and screaming That would make my father know my piece of my music I want to be playing the music for the grand entrance of Mr. Wood Ladies and gentlemen, introducing for the first time in history, food and animal world Alright ladies and gentlemen, you all now be seated please do take a seat I'll invite the bridal party now to be seated on their throne Everyone in this room now at least one photo, a professional photo with a party tonight So when I call your table number which is located in the center of your table there comes a descent from the room and you'll be in a photo taken in the edge of that and fill it Thank you table number 11, exit up table number 3, table number 3 Table number 8, table number 8, table number 8 I like this music, I like this music I'm going to sing a Filipino song, you guys are going to sing a Filipino song? Yeah, I like this song I'm going to be the bar in the center of my mouth Oh my goddess It has SinjUP Alright, that was awesome It's a match up! We got two songs in one trip tonight. Two songs. Dao yung matanda na. I'm okay, I'm okay, baby. Oh! You have to watch us, baby. You can't do it like that. You can't do it like that. Oh! Alright, alright. Alright, you're okay. I'm okay, baby. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Ladies and gentlemen, the big men of the school that showed me how to sing in the summer semal. I was happy. I'm gonna sing a song for you. I'm gonna sing a song for you. I'm gonna sing a song for you. I'm gonna sing a song for you. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! What are you wearing? Ready, set, stop. ...isla, is going to take the Gaza off the lake, okay? After this, I mean over a seaport man can come in this day. Alright, let's begin, gentlemen. DJ, let's play the music for the crowd again. Let's watch the food of the sexy dance that's put in the music. Go ahead. Woo! Woo! You like the party? It's really good. We're here! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! I need all the single men to come in this day. All the single men that fly. All the single men. I'm the baby tonight. All the single men. Come to the stage. Don't be shy. Come on. Come here. It's going to scare me. It's all right. Everybody's dead. Where the catch is in this room with them. We ready? Go for the free-gather. In three, two, one, throw! Woo! Woo! Woo! Man, that cold the Gaza off. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Karen, let's see. What's your name? William. William, awesome. Karen, you're going to sit in the chair. It's going to put the gather on Karen. William, when you see a place you must do a sexy dance. Up to its camera. You're going to get on the leg. Wait, wait, wait. Just play that music. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Please, we're going to get on the line. All right. Up to three. We're going to fight before you. Three, two, one! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Spread out, take a peek. Bye bye. Woo! It's the scene! Come up to the side, dear Tebe! Woo! Hurry up. paksayaka na 4 ba yung solo na pa koli plati ba syang sila sa kasi ba kayo eh Oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby, oh