 At the same price, you can get a penthouse here. They don't need that level of luxury. Yeah, very cheap in the Philippines, but some services are quite pricey, I must say. I always refer to the whole city where I live in, called BGC. I refer to BGC as the Singapore of the Philippines. When they work, they have a smile on the face. Milding faces were very convincing for me to move to the Philippines. What's up, Philippines? Welcome back to another reaction video with Nally. I'm so happy to see your smiling faces today. Again, today I'm reacting to a fellow German. I'm reacting to why I moved to the Philippines and left Germany. So I'm very, very excited to see that because... Wow, creepy, though just open. It's all good, no ghosts in here. It's all good! Yeah, I'm super, super interested in hearing his story. I have never met this gentleman before, never seen any videos. So I'm just curious to hear his... Why, shall we? Let's go. Today's video. Why I moved to the Philippines. On other words, why I left Germany? It is a Sunday day. He's not so German. The day in the Philippines, which is one of the major websites. And I thought, I'll just give you a list of... Why did I move here? First things first, and that is kind of the obvious thing for most foreigners that they go to Indonesia like Bali, they go to Thailand, they go to the Philippines. It is cheaper. Like the same amount of money that you use here goes a lot further compared to Europe. Yes, that is true. Like in my case, in Germany, if I order food, it's at least two to three times as expensive. If you ever looked at real estate prices, like... Unit prices in New York. If you live in like a really modern city, like New York, you pay like $2,000 to $3,000 for like a minimal... Apart... I paid a very similar price in Miami. And I mean, it was 100% worth it. We had the best view of all the views in Miami, but still very expensive. In the city. For the same price, you can get a penthouse here. And I mean like actual penthouse, 150 square meters, multiple rooms. Now you probably don't need that level of luxury. Yeah. But what you can get for the exact same amount of money, it just goes further here. When it comes to like Western good, like for example shoes or like clothes or whatever, it's the same price. It has to be imported. Sometimes it's even more expensive. For example on cars, they pay luxury tax. Almost every single service that you can get here is a lot cheaper than in Europe. For example, let's say you work with other people. What I've heard when it comes to like the prices of let's say an assistant or somebody who... I can't choose. ... somebody who cleans your place. It's like four to five times cheaper. And the best thing is... Super Utip somebody. Let's say a delivery guy. And you just tip them for like 10-15 percent. That goes a long way here. Because the average income is about like a dollar per hour, at least in the city. For example, one of my friends last year during Christmas, he tipped a delivery guy about a thousand pesos. So like $720. That's like two days of work. You can, with a normal tip, give somebody like two days of their lifetime back. The number two, which is also obvious, it's the weather. When it comes to... So, what's the most important thing? The most important thing is that you can't buy a lot of cheap in the Philippines. Let's say you work with a lawyer or an accountant. It is basically the same price like I would pay a lawyer or accountant in Austria or in the US. So, it always depends on what kind of services you are using. Of course, if you go with cleaners, drivers, and so on, it's very different. Also, workforce is very cheap in the Philippines. But some services are quite pricey, I must say. Germany or Europe? It rains like a hundred-ish days a year. It's called for a year, like five months. Like, our summer is like three to four months. Where it's like comfortable to go outside and shoot. And even then, not every single day is that comfortable. But here every single day is comfortable. I'm here for seven months now. You start with like miss seasons. Yes. You can't fully wear putty, or jackets, or anything like that. I get used to wearing long pants, but I can only wear shirt outside. If you wear anything more, like a second layer of clothes, you will die. That is a very nice problem to have, I must say. I mean, I personally have been living in tropical countries for the past six years. I do miss seasons. Sometimes I do miss snow, but I don't really miss winter in Austria. Winter in Austria is kind of like, it's awful. Unless it's for one day snow and skiing. But otherwise, yeah. They are a lot more friendly compared to people in Germany, for my own experience. It depends on where you live, of course. But I lived in Berlin, the capital. I'd like to tell you, it doesn't seem that friendly there. Most people have they phone like this, they don't have a smile on the face, just walk around. And it hits the opposite. Everybody seems happy, even when they work, they have a smile on the face. In general, it just seems a lot more easy going here. As in people aren't that stressed, people are more relaxed. And I prefer that a lot. I always refer to the whole city where I live in, called BGC, as I could giant hotel resort. Because it feels exactly like that. It's like every single day, it's a Sunday, where it's just easy going, more relaxed. There isn't as much stress as there used to back in, wherever you're from. You distance yourself from like, where you grow up. Because if I think back to where I grew up and where you used to live most of my life, it's next to my school, it's in this area. I see the exact same street every single day. And eventually you won't change. So, go into the city. Okay, yeah, I agree. The smiling faces were very convincing for me to move to the Philippines. It is just in the nature of the Filipinos to have a very positive attitude. And that's something that I'm really drawn to. I can 100% relate to the frowny face, but frowny faces. That is something that I got really, I don't know, affected by in Austria. It's just, it affects you and we would have affected daily life. And just going out some way where people are smiling and friendly, it's just so different. Can it change just that? When I sit in Asia, it changes that a lot. Next part, and I'm gonna be fully honest about that, I look different here, obviously. Right? Like I'm white, I got blunt hair, I stand out. And even though it's more like an egotistical thing, I guess. But it makes a few more special. Because in Europe, I'm just a guy. I'm average height. I've never seen it that way. I've just averaged. But if you're here in Southeast Asia, or like Asia in general, it's different. People are more open to talk to you. They're interested in where you're from, what are you doing here? How long you've been here if you're traveling to some places? It's easy to make conversation. But in Germany, it's like nobody cares. Nobody even opens a conversation with you. I just want to stab you. Which is the next thing. It's safer if you go to a beach or like to the province. It also feels safe. It might just be me and my experience. I agree with that point. I was carrying a taser in Miami when I went to the supermarket as soon as it got dark. And it was just across the road. I lived in a very, very safe area in Miami Beach, but still, it was not 100% safe. It is very safe in Austria, I must say, especially where I come from. But I wouldn't go to the park in the evening. Versus in the Philippines, I don't really feel scared. I just been me at my experience so far. But compared to Germany, my mom, for example, doesn't even take public transportation because she does not feel comfortable doing so. And she never knows if anything bad happens there. You just feel safer. To be fair, BGC, Macarty, all those cities, the modern places, they're all bubbles. That is not the real Philippines. Thank you for pointing that out. More than each city is where everybody would like to go to. That's like the real Philippines. It just feels better here. Everybody's friendly, open-minded. And for example, when I now take my phone out and a little microphone and then just record. People are happy to win a video. You know what they say in Europe? They say nothing because they have something where they pretty much protect you against any recording. Yes. As in, if I were to record in Europe right now, if I don't have permission, that's not a lot, at least in Germany. I cannot breathe. And if you're not like everybody's happy that you record, that you show the country, it's a different vibe, a different feeling. Next but, and that is traveling. Yeah, with the recording thing, I was in a mountain hike in Austria. And it literally said, you're not permitted to film here because it's woodlands. And you have to get a permission. And I'm like, I'm just walking on a mountain. Like, why is it not permitted to film your experience while you're hiking a freaking mountain? It's not like you're showing people or anything. It's just nature. So it's complicated in Austria. You cannot talk about that in the last few minutes. But whether you want to go to a city, to beach, to mountain, an hour or two hours away, they can go to any place they would like to go. Traveling itself, taking flights, or taking a grab, which is the equivalent of taking a taxi on Uber. Yeah. And then, as well, like if I go 10 kilometers west to Mall of Asia, which is pretty cool more, one of the biggest malls in the whole world. I think the grab, taxi there, cost me about $4. $4.5 for 10 kilometers and like a 30 minute ride. In Europe, there would be closer to like 40 euros. Yeah, it's so expensive. It's simple things like that. Just make it a lot more accessible if you have a EU or American income, then move to a South Asian country. Next but, is that there are less rules, you could say. As in, if you live in Germany, you know what I mean. Anything you would like to do, whether it is making a change in your apartment, your house, your car, whatever it is, has to get approved. Yes. The rules, they are multiple documents, have to fill out. That doesn't really exist there. Okay, stopping right here, because there is actually a rule that also defines how your garden or how like your outer area of your own house should look like. So if you have certain clans that are kind of like going over the fence to your neighbor, it's like a huge drama. It's just like you can't decide on the color of your house. You have to have it approved, which you know, it's okay to have certain rules. But it's a lot of bureaucracy in Europe. And it works quite well. For example, the traffic, if you used to European traffic or American traffic, people, you know, listen to the rules, they do what they do. I mean, sometimes here it's the opposite. People just drive. There's no real indication where you turn left or right, most people don't even do it. And it seems like... It cares! In the beginning. And I love it. So far, I think I've seen almost one car crash, but actually zero, within seven months. To be fair, most of the time I stay within the city, and the traffic here is regulated. We get traffic lights, all that. But driving itself, it seems a lot more relaxed. I do take a scooter almost everywhere, because it is faster than anything else. You're pretty much a pedestrian, a cyclist, and a car at the exact same time. So there's your rules for you. I wouldn't recommend doing that, because you know, danger is whatever. So much more relaxed that you can just take a scooter that you just buy. And you take it anywhere, and then your regulations, you don't have to fill out some paper. Same with like a SIM card. They're changing that right now over the next like four, five, six months. But if you want to get a SIM card here, you just buy it. You don't have to get the mid-details, the information, nothing like that. You just buy it. So much easier. Second to last point, everything, at least. Yes, the rules are changing. So don't take this a buy. If you want a buy a Lambo. As a random example, you can walk there. It's in the city. If you want to go to a spa, it's in the city. You want to go to a dentist. You want to go to have food on a rooftop bar. Everything is in the city, more than what? Multiple times. So even if you have to walk a long distance, which is 1.5 kilometers maximum, because that's the length and the height of the city, that wouldn't even hurt you. It's a bit easy. Just a nice walk outside, because it's sunny. In the worst case, it's rained, and you take an umbrella and walk there anyways. Plus, the city has a bunch of cats. One of like stray cats, just normal cats. For example, one that is right here, what I record this. Oh, I have a video say cat. They are the cats of BGC, and they're all friendly. They're people walking around feeding them. I still refer to this place as like a giant hotel resort. It's like, you take a vacation, but the vacation doesn't end. And then for the last point, in this awesome video of a blonde guy sitting in Asia. It is... Yeah, I refer to BGC as the Singapore of the Philippines. BGC, yeah. It's just very different. It's very polished. It has a lot of greenery, a lot of activities that can do shops, malls. It's a walkable city. So it's kind of really nice to live there. It's sitting in Asia. It is so much easier to meet people. You can just point out anything. For example, somebody wears shoes you like. I like shoes. Everybody's friendly to talk to. Plus, you meet people from all over the world. That, or speak English, which is a great advantage for you, because Tagalog is part English now. Most people don't speak Tagalog, they speak Taglish. So half of the words, you understand. Yes. You don't necessarily have to learn the language in order to live here. They speak English, and they cannot understand that. And Tagalog is fairly easy to pick up, at least for some of the common words. Because it's like 10 to 20% Spanish. And the other words, can be somehow guessed based on the word. That is true, yeah. And it's easy to make friends. Plus, people from all over the world are easy to talk to. I mean, our friend could write now, consists of like, that's like 10 to 15 people, mainly. And I think we are like, nine different countries. So yeah, we're here for several months, and I'll stay for at least five four months, because I rented an apartment for an entire year. Oh, and I like every single month. Like you wake up, you just take a walk outside, it's sunny, people smile. If it's like, if I would have known about this place five years ago, I would have moved here five years ago. So I've been working with you since when we were in here for just a two-week vacation, and then eventually moved here. And I can tell you, if you live in America, Europe, and do you think about leaving or thinking about maybe, you know, considering living in a different country, try the Philippines. Not necessarily BGC or Macarty or like the cities, try the islands. Have like a one-week vacation and see the different parts of the whole country. It's great. Also, most people, when they mention any country, they say they love the food. I'm gonna be honest here. I don't like it that much. I do like sea sick. Most of the other food, I don't like it too much. And you won't see a video where I say foreigner, shocked, trying balut for the first time. I won't do it. We might try everything at Jolly B, but I can tell you my honest reaction. That being said, thank you guys so much for watching. I like this place quite a lot, and take care. Okay, I'm not a huge fan of balut either, so I told you already many times. But yeah, refreshing video, loved seeing his perspective as well. I agree with most of the points. And also, wow, what a nice thing to hear. Another perspective of another German living in the Philippines. I mean, I'm not German, I'm not Austrian. Anyways, let me know how you enjoyed this. Let me know what your reasons that you enjoy living in the Philippines. Comment down below. And that was it for today. I'll see you next time here on... What's up, Philippines! Feed us in.