 Most Maligayang, Pogba Balek, Sa Akhen, Channel. Today we will learn a few things about the future of the Philippines, okay? Because we will be reacting or discovering the projects that are supposed to be coming to fruition during the presidency of Bong Bong Marcos, the current president of the Philippines. The title of this video is Top 10 Multi-Billion! Billion with a B, a mega project of the Philippines 2025. My goodness! Alright, I am excited to discover them. Are you? That's the question. But before we start, make sure to follow me on Instagram at Music Game News because that is where you can DM your suggestions and without further ado, let's check it out. Let's learn a few things! Well, there he is! Better more infrastructure agenda. A president Ferdinand Marcos Jr. was an adaptation of the previous administration's Build Build Program. These infrastructure initiatives were the Philippines Government's centerpiece program to usher the Philippines into its golden age of infrastructure. This intends to bridge the country's decades of infrastructure again, which has long been identified as a major factor for the high cost of doing business in the country. You know, I appreciate these types of videos because I feel like they are very informative, but I don't like the fact that they use AI and artificial intelligence to do the talking for us, you know? It's like, why can't you just use your real voice, like a human voice, you know? Because this is obviously a computer that's talking there are programs, software's that can do this. Which curtail the nation's growth potential? The program also aims to encourage investments, facilitate job creation, boost economic growth, and improve the quality of life across the country. Here are the top 10 biggest projects in the Philippines, which are under construction or approved for construction and will be completed by 2025 onwards. Tell us. Horizon Manila 2.1 billion pesos. Horizon Manila as a 419. Horizon Manila as a 419. Horizon Manila, which is 119 hectare reclamation project located in Manila Bay. What you're looking at? This idea this plan is composed of three islands. Are these three artificial islands? Like modern islands? It's bi-sected by a 4 kilometres-long canal park that recalls the identity of Manolenia, who settled along the mouth of the Pasag River. The central canal park becomes the main highlight of the Manolenia concept. It creates a unique and enriching feature for the wellness of all its residents. The canal park not only connects the three islands but also provides horizon with a public park at its core. It stretches all the way to the water's edge, ensuring that the Manila Bay sunset will always belong to the public. Wow. Horizon Manila is an alternative planning model for the mega cities of tomorrow. Horizon as the city of tomorrow is envisioned to once again bring develop a huge energy back to the city of Manila. It will reestablish Manila as the heart of the Filipino nation and provide a model and impetus for the rehabilitation of the old city center. If this actually comes to fruition in the way that they really wanted to to become, you know, it's going to be gorgeous and I feel like it's going to be obviously very expensive and only like the superstars and the wealthy will be living there. I mean, can you imagine living in that those, you know, twin tower very high buildings like the view? The view on the ocean? It's like a dream. South Long Hall Project 3.45 billion dollars. Wow. PNR Beco or the South Long Hall Project is an upcoming 565 kilometer intercity rail line in southern LaZon. It is part of the larger LaZon rail system, a network of long-distance standard gauge lines being built by the Philippine national railways throughout the island. It is one of the two lines that will reconstruct the historic PNR South main line, along with the electrified North South commuter railway south section from Manila to Kalamba Laguna. The rail line will span 39 cities and municipalities, four provinces, and two regions. It will involve the construction of 23 stations, 230 bridges, 10 passenger tunnels, and a 70 hectare of people. That's way too much. The PNR South Long Hall Project is expected to be fully operational by the third quarter of 2026. The Bada and to Caviti Interlink Bridge is a 32 kilometer and 150 years four main tables stayed bridge. It will stretch 17 kilometers between Caviti and Corregidor Island and more than four kilometers between Bada and in Corregidor Island. That is so long! The project will involve the construction of two cable-stayed navigation bridges, the North Channel Bridge, with a main span of 400 meters, and the South Channel Bridge with a 900 meter main span. Architecture is something that really blows my mind. Every time I traverse a bridge, above water, I am always in awe of the view, first of all. But secondly, I'm always thinking to myself, how did human beings build a bridge that is this impressive and this massive? The first thought is how did they manage to build the foot of the bridge, those huge poles, but put them inside the water like super deep. How do they do this? The math that must go behind all this must be insane. So I have tremendous respect for our race. We as human beings are super smart. Man, if the Philippines manages to build something like this, this is going to be like some type of wonder. People will go to the Philippines just to traverse this bridge, to actually just roll on this bridge because of how long it is and the view is going to be insane. Standing at a water depth of approximately 50 meters, it will connect Bada and in the North, and Cavidi in the South, the two adjacent provinces of Metro Manila. Crazy! This cable stayed bridge, has sped up travel from five hours down. And think about it, the bridges and Manila, I mean every infrastructure and the Philippines has to be built against typhoons, you know, so the math is probably even more complex because of that. To just 30 minutes between Bada and in Cavidi, the government's commitment to fast track its implementation and manifested that civil work will be started immediately and would be completed under the Marcos government as it ends in 2028. La Guinelecia Road, $3.6 billion, my cousin, La Guinelecia Road. The network project is a 37.6 kilometer new road network at the western side of the Laguna Lake connecting Tagiag City and Laguna in Kalamba City. The three-lane primary road consists of an 11.8 kilometers viaduct from Lower Bikudin to Montenlupa, and a 25.8 kilometers combination of onshore viaduct and embankment from Montenlupa to Kalamba, and these include eight interchanges. The new Laguna Lake Shore Road network will have three lanes per direction. The detailed engineering design is currently being carried out by local and Japanese construction firms and will last until February 2023. The new road network is expected to provide a faster alternative to motorists traveling south or north. It is also expected to boost the economies in central and southern La Zon. That's the purpose of highways and roads. Whoa, another bridge. The Panei Gimaras to Negro's bridge project involves the construction of 32.5 kilometers for lane bridges, including connecting roads and interchanges that will connect the islands of Panei, Gimaras and Negro's in western Vesias. The projects have two components. These are the 13 kilometer Panei to Gimaras section, which will have a sea crossing bridge length of 4.9 kilometers, and the Gimaras to Negro's section with a total length of 19.4 kilometers including a sea crossing bridge length of 13.1 kilometers. The detailed engineering design of the project was drawn up with two Korean groups, the Ocean Company and Sambo Engineering and Instruction Company. The project is expected to command an engineering services industry and begin construction in 2025. It's weird, eh? They all cost the same, the same. $3.6 something billion. The Makadi Intra City subway is a 10 kilometer under construction underground rapid transit line located in Makadi City that will link establishments across the city's business district. The Makadi subway project, the first of its kind in the country, will be built at no cost to the city through a public-private partnership agreement between Makadi City and Philippine InfraDev holdings incorporated. It will operate 18 hours a day, serving some 700,000 passengers daily. The project has been set for completion by 2025. Okay, so in reuse, Metro Manila subway, $10 billion, okay, this one is a lot more expensive. The Metro Manila subway project is one of the first two underground railway system projects in the Philippines, which aims to provide mass transportation in the national capital region. The first phase of the 33 kilometer subway, connecting the north. Do you guys not have the subway subway currently, you know? No, no subway in the in Manila in the capital? I'm asking the question because I don't know and since I'm seeing that they intend to build a subway, there's a subway project that's coming up in Manila, I'm guessing you guys don't currently have subway. Then south of Metro Manila will run from Mindanao Avenue in Valenzuela City to the FTI compound in Tagui city with a spur connecting to the Nanoi Aquino International Airport. Hmm, that would not be very helpful. Two additional stations in Ortega's in Chavulavar broke ground witnessed by President Ferdinand Marcos Jr. Japanese ambassador Koshikawa. Yeah, I'm guessing you guys don't have a subway because you always complain about the, you always complain about traffic, right? So you probably don't have subways because, you know, the subway is supposed to alleviate the traffic usually. So this is a very good idea for the Philippines and it will help with tourism as well, you know? When you know there is a subway that connects the airport to the capital, man, it's so much easier for tourists, you know? You get to the to the country, you take the subway from the airport to the city and ta-da you're in the city, you know? You avoid all the traffic. And transportation secretary Jamie Bautista. Groundwork started in the first quarter of this year while the tunneling works of the partial operability section started last June 2022. All 17 stations will be fully operational by 2028 with a design capacity of 1.5 million passengers per day. Sangly Point International Airport 10.9 billion dollars. Sangly Point International Airport, which will be the newest airport in Megamanila, is located in the province of Caviti, south of Manila. This 10.9 billion dollars airport project is a joint consortium between the provincial government of Caviti and local and international companies. The phase 1A single runway and a new terminal buildings. Okay so the question is, is the new subway that they're going to build will it be connecting this brand new airport to the city or the old airport or both? It will implement the existing airport operations. It will cost 2.3 billion dollars and will allow the airport to serve 15 million passengers a year. Phase 1B will add one runway and enable the relocation of the existing airport operations to the new airport. It will require 2 billion dollars to increase capacity to 25 million passengers. Only Moli. Phase 2, ultimate capacity can be increased with a third and fourth runway. That would be able to serve 75 million travelers a year with one additional terminal building. The final phase is costing 6.6 billion dollars. Upon completion, the new airport can compete effectively with planned global aviation hubs in the country and the region. New Manila International Airport 15.15 billion. Wow. The new Manila International Airport is an under construction airport city in Bula Khan that will serve as the main aviation gateway in the Philippines. The 2500 hectares of airport will relieve the air traffic operations at the existing and overly congested Nanoi Aquino International Airport. The 15 billion dollars project will be developed by a local firm San Miguel Corporation which was granted by the Philippines government a 50 years franchise that involves the construction, operation, and maintenance of the airport. The development includes a passenger terminal building with airside and landside facilities and airport toll road and four runways. The gateway has a design capacity of 100 million passengers a year but can be expanded to 200 million and is targeted to accommodate 240 aircraft movements per hour. Making new and endless international airport. The biggest airport in Southeast Asia and the second biggest airport in the world. Under this massive program, approximately 1,700 hectares of new land will be developed for the airport. The land development project is set to be designed according to the highest technical and environmental standards to withstand potential large earthquakes. Look at the future sea level rise. This capital project is expected to be completed by the end of 2024. What? 2024 I hardly think so. I doubt it. That sounds like a massive project. That will take time. Very ambitious. Very ambitious and I cannot wait to see what they do with that. Next, North South commuter rail. Okay, 15 billion dollars. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh my goodness. PNR North South commuter railway is envisioned as a 163 kilometer sub urban railway network. Connecting, the regional business districts in Clark and New Clark City in the North passing through Central Manila to Kalamba City in Laguna Province, South of the capital. NSCR construction has been divided into three segments. From the North, the Malalos Clark Railway projects will see developments of a 53 kilometer north of the capital. This project covers the section from Malalos, a suburb north of Manila to Clark and Clark International Airport in Pampanga. NSCR projects include the 18 kilometer northern extension from Clark to New Clark City. The inner part of the NSCR package covers the 38 kilometer central core, linking Totoban in Manila to Malalos City. The southern section would be the 55 kilometer southern corridor connecting Gluemontrip in Manila to Kalamba City. Once fully operational, the NSCR corridor is expected to carry up to 1 million passengers per day. Huge capacity. While the biggest and the most ambitious project, New Clark City's $60 billion version of 9,450 hectares of property in Clark into New Clark City. In vision to become the newest economic hub of Asia. Phase 1 of the project costing $14 billion, which housed the satellite government offices in a first-class sports village was fully completed last year. The project is expected to cost $60 billion, which will be carried over decades of development and will be financed both from the government and private companies. That is insane. When completed, these projects are expected. They intend to basically build a new city. Of course, it's going to be built over multiple decades, you know, this takes six times. It brings important benefits to the Philippine economy and to the lives of ordinary citizens. More generally, improvements in the quality of infrastructure services will help cut the cost of doing business, attract more investment, and enhance productivity around the country. Man. Horizon Manila. Okay, so they're just going back now. Okay, we are done. So most of these projects are about building cities, airports, highways, and bridges, which makes sense because all those things help to attract business to the country and tourism and help with the way of life. So it makes complete sense, but it's going to cost so much money. So I wonder if they are going to be increasing the taxes of the Philippines. Are people going to start paying more money to the government to be able to fund all these projects? Even if in this video they said, most of it, you know, is not going to be given by the government, but come on, come on. Or are they just going to, or are they going to be borrowing money from other countries and put themselves in huge amounts of debt? You know, that's probably not a good idea. But I am crossing my finger that all of these projects come to fruition because they seem very ambitious, ambitious, and very classy. You know, if they are done properly, if they pay attention to the details, then it's going to be amazing. I mean, the Philippines, I haven't visited the Philippines yet, but I can already imagine. And I'm pretty sure that the Philippines, if governed properly, could become this amazing heavenly hub, you know, in Asia. So I'm really crossing my fingers for you guys. I mean, it may not happen in a decade, maybe not two decades, but you know, in the future. We'll be old and wrinkly, but still, hopefully we'll be alive to see the Philippines become a, you know, a developed country, a strong developed country because as of right now, it has its strengths, but it also has a lot of weaknesses, you know, which still makes her a developing country, you know. But we will see. Marame Marame, Salam at Poh, let me know in the comment section below your thoughts on this. And of course, if you have gotten value out of this video, then do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.