 Today we are here in Osloob on Seaboo Island in the Philippines and we're just going to have a wee bit of an explorer today and see what all Osloob has to offer. We don't really have that many plans so we're just going to drive around and see what we find. Yeah we do know there's a waterfall we want to go check out in the area probably end up getting some food and we're going to head around the town and just kind of see what's about there but for now we're down along the coast of Smorran and just checking out the whole coast of Laine and the sea because it is truly beautiful here and then we're going to head the town out there. So down along the waterfront here in Osloob there's loads of different ruins as well and I mean loads of them and we know they're all Spanish ruins but we don't really know much as about them how they got here what their kind of story is but they are very interesting so I'm going to hope there's a few signs that are going to read along the way because I do want to know more about them but it is very very cool to walk around and it's very very beautiful I must say as well. Big of a boon. I see you. So warm today. So warm. I'm even like covering myself up to try and hide from the sun. Oh you're again another funny situation. Everyone just want to get photos of us. These group of girls here are like literally can we get a photo of you but like was very clearly talking specifically to Ashley in this time not to me so I was just like standing at the side where they're all getting away with girly photos. It was one girl that wanted a photo of the one so then they all had to get another photo with both of us. Of course the priority one here like. Hey thanks so much. Oh so fun I bought it is actually so nice and so like heartwarming whenever people do you ask for photos it's just a lovely feeling. Everyone wants to know your name as well. Yeah where you're from. It's so lovely. They were so so nice. Yeah I love such a good way to meet people as well and it's just a lovely feeling in general. Put the proper smell in her face. So we're just finished up here we're going to jump back on the bike and drive around the town for just a little bit more of a nosy and maybe pick up some lunch. Yeah I think we had no wee bit hungry so we'll go for a wee bit of lunch and just see what we can see in the town but it doesn't look like there's too much of bike to be honest so I think we'll drive open by in the street a few times and yeah guys so more for lunch. So we've just come inside this little restaurant that's actually in Oslo time here. I think it's called ESE Palok but the menu is really really good there's loads of choice so I'm not too sure what we're gonna get but I think we're getting something Filipino. Excited. Yeah they have a check in curry. Whoo spring rolls. Doesn't sound very Filipino that? I know but I haven't had a check in curry in so long. The menu also has loads of pictures as well to keep it right so we're like looking through all the different pictures and they're labeled for simple people like us and yeah we're going by what we kind of like the look off here and then some of the stuff that we've like kind of heard off before shines familiar to us so this would be a fun one I'm excited. We remember being told in boi ke by a couple of local fellows we were talking to you to try the adobu so I think we're maybe gonna order one of them and possibly I think called siseg as well which we think we might have had we're not too sure and we think it might be like pig face maybe is that right? We think pig face we're not too sure we're gonna ask the week guys conserves hopefully and figured out what yeah it's not gonna promise us no so we have just ordered we went for a check in adobu a pork siseg and a portion of garlic rice just like top it off as well so yeah this should be really tasty I'm excited for it. Oh thank you. I was not exactly all-paste. Why? Yay! All right. Thank you so much. Oh thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Okay so I think I gotta go in with the pork siseg first. I don't know if you like should go for a bit of it we're right so just by itself but I might just try it by itself first to see adobu aig. Adobu aig. Adobu aig. Adobu aig. Yeah that's good. Yeah this is siseg is good but I'm gonna go part with rice as well yeah yeah plenty of pig face on. Yeah that's really good. I think the only thing is in the back of my head I'm like it's pig face which is a wee bit unusual to say at least for like my like western brain and so yeah but once you know past the fact that it's like pig face it's really really good really tasty loads of flavor and the chili is not you can give it like a proper lovely we've like flavor and kick as well so yeah I like that one a lot. Okay I'm saying it's on one for this to say first I'm gonna try the adobu adobu? Adobu? Yes I call it adobu. Adobu adobu yes okay. My apologies. Mmm the sauce on that it's very good I'm gonna go all hands. Oh that's lovely it's like a really really nice gravy. Yeah that's like really nice flavors to it. I think we both agree we have ordered two very good dishes so we're gonna get stuck into these and get these endless because we are really hungry. So we are just finished up lunch it was really really tasty I must say in both dishes we really enjoyed I think if I had to choose one I would prefer the adobu but both were really tasty had loads of good flavors going on and as you can tell we really enjoyed it because all it is left is the bones from the chicken the part that we couldn't eat so we are gonna get ready to head back out and explore a little bit more of Oslo time here this was a great little stop off but we are excited to get back on the road. Hi. How can I help your youtube channel mom? Yes. Thank you. Bye. Thank you. Oh so we just paid for lunch there and the whole thing causes 495 pezzos which is for nothing we're so so happy without so full the food was so good so we're gonna go check out some waterfalls night. So we've just arrived to Tomalog waterfall here in Oslo it's about five minutes from where the whale sharks are so we've just got off I think we have to pay in and then it takes maybe about 10 minutes 15 minutes to get there so yeah it should be fun there's a man in front of me doing it out. Hi. Hello. Tomalog falls. Thank you. Hello. Hi. We're coming to the warmest house. Oh Irish. Ireland. You're from Ireland. Ireland. It's part of the US. Are you ready Kingdom? You're ready Kingdom. Yes. Welcome to the warmest house of Filipi. Yeah. Oslo. We love Oslo. Oh thank you very much. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Bye. We're going to the night. Okay so we have just paid into the waterfalls here at the entrance so it was 50 pezzos each so we expected to pay we're pretty happy with that. You could have also paid an additional 50 pezzos each to get a motorbike ride down to the falls or else it's 20 minute walk we're happy to walk so we're going to go for a wee walk down the hill and we can also see the waterfalls from here the top of the hill and they look amazing from here so we're looking forward to getting down. They look incredible and it looks like a lot of people are also opting to walk themselves there's a lot of people sweating on the way off so I'm not looking forward to that part. Oh my god. It's like the mist coming off. It's amazing. Wow it's so big. I'm going to color the water man. This is actually crazy there's so much like wind and best coming from the falls as well. Let's get north over the land you probably can't even see me now but it's so windy. Pretty cold to be honest because of the breeze coming but we are going to get changed now and get into the water and go for a wee dip as well. Oh it's so chilly. Oh I don't know if I want to get in it's so cold. Oh we've come I feel like a half to get in there's no choice but half to get in. Okay the water is absolutely wrong it is crazy and it is so so cold but we're going to do it we need a brave bit we're going for a swim we think. That is five far the coolest water we have been in in a long long time. So cold. Oh no I can't wait to be back on the heat. It is beautiful. Come on get your hand. I think I've been calling it today to start too much of the calls. Time I time I. I've been the queen of jungle. The feeling we got here at a really really good time the falls are completely felling off noise there are people everywhere everyone's trying to get that photo look even the phone. But it's so so good so lovely I'm so glad that we can't even check this by ourselves. The sun's coming out. So I think we're going to call it today and meet her way back towards the bike. Yeah it's definitely the waterfalls here are absolutely beautiful I must say they're so so big they are really really impressive the water just shocked us to be honest we didn't expect it to be a hole. It's like not just I've ever taken the floor. So so cold but it is just like beautiful mud and it's hard for you to lose color. But the guys off the side we're going to go now you get changed. I'm there I think head back up to the bike so it's like a 20 minute half in our walk straight I'll tell you to get back to the bike. Woo! um there's the big hell walk home we got this we got this watch your back what's the word I don't know them look at him just crazy so noisy we don't mind the walk it's literally it's 50 pesos each to get down and then 50 pesos back up again each so we're saving like how many ice creams when you compare that to seven and have 15 pesos ice creams that's a lot ice creams and exchange for that. Come on yeah and we could do a bit of exercise so we're happy to walk up the hill it's not the end of the world. So I think this is enough exploring for one day we are actually staying in Moeville so we better make a move and get home yeah we have a big drive ahead of us to get back home but we have had a blast here in Oslo we're really really glad we have come to explore the place for the for the day there's actually quite a bit to do here to be honest yeah but like we have honestly had such a good time and I would say if you are common a day is enough to like do everything because the things there is to do here are very close together yeah and not big tank consuming things like the likes of the waterfall here and around a half maximum yeah I would say loads there you only actually get to do like a half an hour if you want to go and do the the wheel shark it's only a half an hour well saying our long activity in total by the time you get there and get get in and out and stuff as well and if you haven't seen our wheel shark video it was our last video on our channel make sure you check it out we'll link it up here that's actually amazing that's the main reason why we actually came to stay in to Oslo but we knew there was so there was other things we wanted to check out here area so we said we may as well make a day of it and come and check out everything else here but we are gonna leave this video here as Ashley and said we really really hope you enjoyed this one and explore a bit of Oslo with us today if you did we would love it if you hit the like button down below if you subscribe to the channel and hopefully we will see you again see you later