 These students in graduation in the Philippines are going to sing their heart out. And it's a graduation song, moments to memories by Andaline Hill. There's a reason why I'm excited for this. And that is because we recently did see an elementary school sing. What do you call ailey? It was just phenomenal. Check that out if you haven't on my channel. But this one, you know, I graduated. I remember that it was really, really enjoyable because, you know, everyone that you knew and met this entire like four years, you know, you just see all of them around you and you see your family, maybe they call in your name. And it was super cool, but singing everyone together, we didn't do that. So I'm excited for this. Let's please check it out together. Come on. Dude, our thing was red, by the way. Our outfits and wasn't white. I just don't even play in the terms over there as he. That's so cool, man. That's so cool, bro. This is so heartfelt because they know, you know, it's like last time. I mean, they got college if they give their going, but like. That's sick, dude. I imagine being there for that. You know, it's probably even crazier. Oh. Ah. That's so good, bro. Straight out of the movies, man. That's what it feels like. It's so sweet. Wow, man. Yeah, man. Incredible, bro. This is like way more meaningful. I feel like, especially if you guys have probably graduated obviously. Even if you haven't, okay. All I can say is it's definitely an experience in terms of you. You kind of won't forget it because of the thing I said in the beginning, which is you kind of look around and you know all of these people. You know, like maybe you've never spoke to some of them. You've just seen them down the hall, you know. And it's like when you kind of like think about it more deeply like that. Like somebody's people you never really spoke to, but you've seen. Or maybe you wanted to get to know more, but most likely you're not going to see them ever again. Really, it's kind of like a weird feel, even though they're still on earth, you know. I'm saying it's just like you're probably never going to see them again. And it's a weird feeling because man, there was just like in this video, there's this many people there on my graduation too. And it's like I knew a lot of people, man. And my friend keeps telling me that I was like the popular kid in school. I don't believe it. I mean, people knew me in school, but that's just because I was very outgoing. Like I was really open. Like I didn't really care. But that's, I don't know if that considers this popular if people know you, I guess. I don't know. Regardless, my point being is even if that like let's say I was popular like my friend said, then that's even crazier. Because I feel like 60% I knew 40% I didn't. And 40% is a lot, guys. 40% of students I didn't know. And you would see them. I mean, you know, I've looked them before. I don't think I've ever said one word with them, you know. And it's just so weird when you're about to leave and you know, it's probably never going to seem like I mentioned. But I feel like it's beautiful that they in the Philippines sing a song altogether. You know, come close and it feels much more connected than just, you know, kind of individually just throw the hats. That's what we did in the end. You know, you kind of walk up, get your thing, the end. This one, they kind of came together, even like perform this whole entire sequence. It was just beautiful, amazing. I loved it. They need to do this more often in multiple places, not just the Philippines, but of course the Philippines does it. Because that place, man, I could only give so much cherishment to the Philippines. It is just so beautiful in many different ways. That's why I'm going to travel there soon eventually. Regardless, I want to say thank you so, so, so much for watching. I really do appreciate it. If you liked it, leave a like. If you loved it, subscribe. If you want more, let me know down in the comments below. And yeah, till next time, guys. Peace. Peace.