 My name is Tim. And where are you from? I'm from Germany, but I've lived abroad since I was like 9 years old. I was living in Italy for 7 years. Philippines for 3. And I moved to England for 2 and a half years or something. And I moved to Korea for 3 months. And I moved back to England. And now I'm back here. Philippines. What do I say? So do you live here already just visiting? At the moment, I'm just visiting. So I'm staying for 2 months. But I plan to move here with my girlfriend in I think August, something like that. Hopefully for longer, maybe a year. The question today is, what are the biggest culture shocks you've had about the Philippines? That's an interesting question. So the first one is basically my parents told me the first time I moved to the Philippines it was because of my parents. And it was my dad's job and he got a job offer in the Philippines from his company. And they basically called him up and were like, hey, would you be interested in working in the Philippines? And he was like, big step because we were living in Italy at the time. And he basically told them, oh, I have to think about it. And they were like, yeah, sure, no worries. We'll give you until tomorrow. And then he was like, all right, until tomorrow. And then he went back home to my mom. And he was like, so this offer is standing. Do you want to go to the Philippines? And my mom was like immediately Googling, like, Philippines. And she was like, yeah, why not? And then they basically told my brother and I, who were both kind of integrated in the school there. And we were like, also Googling Philippines. And we saw all the beaches. Like El Nido, Palawan. All the different beautiful beaches. And then that's what we expected, of course, because when you Google Philippines, that's what you see. And so I was already thinking in my head that I would be wakeboarding to school or surfing or something. But obviously that's not the case. And so I'd say that was the first culture shock when I arrived here. Second thing is definitely the heat. Because as soon as you step out of the plane, you are hit by a wave of just like humidity and heat. And then the third one is probably BGC. Because it is such a huge contrast between BGC and the slums, which are like right next to each other. And for me, it was like almost a life changing experience, like noticing that and seeing that first time. And yeah, I think those are the top three. I had to think of one more. It would probably be the markets here in the Philippines, like the local markets. It was pretty interesting to see. So in the places that you've lived, there's not much income inequality, you'd say. I mean, well, in Germany for one, everyone complains about income inequality, but they have absolutely no idea what it actually looks like in reality, right? So in Germany, I would say no. In Italy, you notice it a little bit more. Like when you go further south of Italy, you see like there's a little bit of a discrepancy there. And then Korea, you don't notice it at all. In general, I think Korea is sort of a utopia, at least so. It's only a place I stayed, so I can't speak for the rest of it. And England, yeah, England the same. England's also quite cool. And for the last question, can you speak Tagalog? I know like Mabuhay, Kamustaka, Oklangako. Yeah, yeah. All the little beginner phrases, but it's tough to learn Tagalog here because people are so friendly to you and they want to speak to you, right? But they speak to you in English. And so it's tough to even get started with learning the language because you never have the necessity. When I was in Italy, they spoke only Italian and you were like kind of screwed if you didn't speak Italian. And it's hard to learn a bit. And in the Philippines, they speak to you in English and then they expect you to speak English as well. And so it's a lot more difficult to start with Tagalog. But it would be fun. Thanks for the interview. Yeah. Make sure to check out my YouTube channel as well. Yeah. No problem, I'll get into the description. Yeah, I'll do a learning Tagalog phrases in the future. Maybe collab with you. All right. All right. See you guys. What's your name? My name is Pamela and I'm from Brazil. Do you live here or are you just visiting? I live here for six years. How do you like the Philippines so far? I love the Philippines. Actually, it's the most warm people I have ever seen here in Asia. Really make me feel like holding a boat. I love this place. So for the question today, what are some of the biggest culture shocks you've had about the Philippines? I think the biggest culture shock is how nice the Filipinos are. And I think I'm not the only partner who thinks this way. Like, for people who live in America or in Europe, we know that people are not so nice. So the time like when you are in the mall, they don't approach you so nicely. But here everybody's so nice all the time. So with my Ling and so warm and so welcoming to foreigners. And then this is really a shock for us who are not used with so many nice, so many nice people. So I think it's a good big culture shock that I had here. Definitely. Is there anything else you want to add to that? Anything that you found surprising about the Philippines? Surprising about the Philippines. They are very different from the rest of Asia. Actually, you guys are the best Asians in the whole Asia. And I was really shocked about how can have so much warm and nice people in Asia, different from Japan and China. So Filipinos are the best. Thank you Salamat guys. I love the Philippines. Thank you so much for your time. Most welcome. Thank you. What's your name? My name is Sal Farwan. And where are you from? I'm from India. Do you live here or are you just visiting? Oh, I've been living here since I was born. So what are some of the biggest culture shocks you've had here in the Philippines? Compared to your country. I think one of the biggest culture shocks that I had was the fast food over here had non-vegetarian items while most of the fast food in India were like vegetarian, like cancer, beef, steak and stuff like that. It's illegal. Why is that the case? Do you know why? Because cows are considered like our mother, like God in India. So people are very sensitive towards it. What's your name? Hello, my name is Sofia Capriles. I'm from Venezuela. And I'm working here in the Philippines. So what type of work are you doing? I work in consultancy for banks and financial services. So the question for today, what are the biggest culture shocks you've had about the Philippines? I would say it's the part of always being happy and not in a hurry in a good way and in a bad way. No, a good way because I think it's a culture, it's a happy culture. No, it's hard to be angry here. No, everybody's like super welcoming, happy and relaxed. And that's in the good sense. And then in the bad part, or let's say the more challenging is the sense of you're never in a hurry. So sometimes you need to be in a hurry or have things passed and on time. And that is challenging when working with deadlines, etc. Because that sense of a hurry needs to be pushed more intensely. But overall, no, it's a good culture to work and to live in. Is that a stark contrast between your country compared to your country rather? Maybe not with my country because I'm from Latin America, but I've been working in Europe. And also I'm part German. So generally in Europe, people have that sense of immediate, immediateness and urgency more developed. So everything is for now and fast. And so it's a little bit of a shock when you come here and everything takes their time. You know? Is there anything else that you found surprising about the Philippines? I would say that breakfast. No. I'm usually used to a more light breakfast. And here is like a big breakfast. And the fried food. I'm not so eager in fried food, but okay. Thank you so much for your time. That's all. Thank you. Where are you from? I'm from Nigeria. And what is your name? My name is Michael Chibico Nyebule. Do you visit, are you just visiting here or do you live here? I'm a just visiting maybe like you. Should I say I've been here five months now. I can't believe what I'm seeing. I found the Philippines something extraordinary to what I'm hearing when I was in Nigeria. Right. You know, they will always say the Philippines are poor, the Adis, the Adak and it's extraordinary what I've seen here. They're good roads, good healthcare, twin-fathers electricity and the securities are everywhere. They are working. Even if the government is about what I will tell you is perfect more than my country. I'll just say they're good food. They're good water. They're good. There are so many things to talk about. Yeah, so I will say they're Philippines. I'm happy being here. I'm very, very happy. And what are some of the biggest culture shocks that you've had about the Philippines? Oh, like in Burakai. Sebu. Oh my god, you need to be there because I visited there and I never believed they would see and I think it's what's called Mokyal and the whatsoever. Why? Yeah. And they have flight and everything just and most of all they are ladies, you know, they are good. They are maganda, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's amazing. Yeah, they are maganda. Look, you know. I had to speak a little Tagalog but not much. Where did you learn? Um, I had to speak Tagalog. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm a little bit into people talk because I'm a kind of person I ask questions. When you say anything else, it wasn't even of this. So I learned. So that's how you picked it up? Yeah, that's how you picked it up. Yeah, if anything else to add to that? Anything that you found surprising about the Philippines? And it's not a fun surprise about the Philippines that's, um, I need a wife for the Philippines. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I need that. Yeah, yeah, they're good. They're caring. They're kind and most of all they have a very big heart. They can accommodate not like other countries. Like I was thinking that the Irish is, but no, they're not. They're very good. They're very kind. And I must say I recommend the Philippines for everyone. It's a two-visit photo-reason though. It's very good. Right. Thank you so much for your time. I really appreciate it. Welcome, my friend. Thank you. You're welcome. What's your name? Alana. And where are you from? Oh, I'm from Ukraine. Oh, yeah. No, I think I'm very spruzky. Yeah, I can speak Russian. I so I can speak Russian. You're Ukrainian in English. I understand Polish, Czech, Belarus, language as well, because it's the same roots. I'm not sure. Ochinat Lichna, Mimošin Pagavri paruski pože. Yes. Kastati. Are you just visiting in the Philippines or are you living here? I'm living here for past three years. I arrived here before COVID happened. So the most sucks time in the whole planet. I was in Philippines, very face mask, facial, and all this around. I see. I see. So what are some of the biggest cultural shocks you've had about the Philippines? Oh, I will say the biggest positive shock is that people here are friendly as hell. They're going to help you as much as they can, even if they don't speak English, even if you're somewhere in the province. But the most shock, which is like, I will say, a little bit of negative, is that people doesn't like money here. Why is that the case? They just like sometimes when you have employee and they work a few days and later they don't show up and you take them like, okay, I understand. It probably doesn't want to work with us. It's fine. Can I get your G-Cash or any quite possibility to send you money? They will never reply to you. They will never come back to pick up the money. They just like, you know, what is your money? I'm like, yes, I understand people connection. You can work with somebody and you don't like it and it's fine to leave. But I appreciate you and I respect you. I want to pay you for your time, even if we don't like working more together and they like, no, no, no, no, no. I need to go to the province and never come back for the salary. So it's happened quite a few times. And I think why it's happened like that? It's just because Filipino culture avoid conflicts so badly. They will tell you, yes, yes, and smiling to the point that it's already insane. They say, no, I don't like it. No, it's not mine. No, I don't want it. No, they're like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And never say them. Even if you actually, even if you ask them directly, what do you see? I think about it. So you need to build like long, long, really long relationship with your employer, even with your Filipino friends, that they start to tell you what they feel. Because even if you're a friend, sometimes they still have, like I think it's so deep in the blood. The same as for Ukrainian, we love to watch so much. It's the same level of Filipino people don't conflict on that level. They're like, no, even if it's your friend. But then like I say, it's normal sometimes to be angry, sometimes to feel that it's not mine, sometimes feel that you be stofe, you just don't want to do something. But they will never tell you about it. They will hold in them emotions so long. So it's the biggest shock for me. Is there anything else that you found surprising about the Philippines? I would say it's also people like Slines. Why they like Slines? Because sometimes they just like, are you going somewhere and you see a line? They will not ask for what's this line. They just stand in the line and later a few hours later, they figured out that it was a line in wrong place and you're like, oh, okay, I'm going to stay in another line. It's some of the funny part because I've seen consistency and it's like, but you know that you can avoid this line just to ask, oh, which window I need to stay in one line? What else give me a second? People following the rules. I would say it's probably good for the government, but I don't think that it's good for actual people because of not always people who put in the rules, put in them for you. But here, what is like surprised, the Filipino people will follow the rules so straight. Sometimes I don't ask questions. I'm having a lot of conversations with my friends and I was like, why? And she cannot answer because she never asks this question. She never asks like, why? When it was COVID, it was so clear. So you can go inside the restaurant only in face mask and facial. But after you replace your order and sit to the table, you can remove your facial and face mask. But you cannot enter it without facial face mask. And when you ask a person why, they're like, we've got this rule. But this rule doesn't make sense. If I will sit in, I need for this one meter to enter face mask and facial. Yes, but later when I'm on the table, I can remove it. Yes. Where is the logic? It's a rule. So it's why it's like some of the parts that make it's good. It's good that people follow the rules. Like I probably would say that in some of the countries, successful countries, people follow the rules. But it's good when people also understand the rules or they question in the rule because some of the rules can be really ridiculous. Yeah. And just tell us how you feel about your dream. Welcome. Always welcome. See you.