 Hey, oh, we got to call. George, we're trying to start a video here. We got to find the video. I've started on my back. The video's already recording. Hello guys, welcome back to my The GC React. We'll be back in the flow. It's second video back. If you're new around here, please hit the subscribe button. And if you have any reaction requests, then please send us a DM on Instagram that we on the screen right now over to you, co-host George. All right, so yes, we are back. If you missed the previous video, there's been a little while on this channel, but we are back. Send us anything to react to. Anything at all. Videos we must have missed so, so much. Send us your home video. Like send us your, I don't know, your third birthday party that you found in a VCR. Can do. I don't know if you'd like the majority of people that interested in that. Of course they are. They might be. I'd love to watch that. We'll consider anything. Anyway, we're going to get on today. So as always, we never pre-watch these videos when we hit play. We have a title. That is the first thing we've ever seen of it. Because we want to get our fresh reactions on camera. So, Philippines 101, Filipino drinking etiquette. And which one are you? Ooh, I love that. I love a quiz. I love anything that can tell me what I am. Like I'm very much interested. Lucy, what are the other days? Who's lying in bed soon? I was like, what are you doing? It's late. I'm just finding out which garlic bread I am. Well, it's very important to know. Or which type of bread I am. And you came out as garlic bread. I'm seeing the best. I agree with. So I do smell you often. Anyway, I'm assuming we're talking about alcohol here. Yeah, can we move on please? And we've tried a lot of, when we lived in Philippines. We've tried a lot of alcohol. We have tried a lot of Filipino alcohol. Yes, yes. So really strong stuff. So like sweet stuff. All sorts of things. We spent many an evening on our balcony and vanilla in our condo. Some of you may have watched those videos over on our other channel, the Juicy Vlog. We may have done three or four parts. It was fun. It was trying different ones. We'd lie in the all up and like rate them. Yeah. And we were very different by the end. Right, I'm drinking coffee and I'm a mum now. So I'm like, I don't drink. Because I can't be a mum and a hangover. So we're just going to live by currency three this past. OK, let's do this. 3-2-1. Corminal drinking is a thank you card. Filipino culture from the smallest truth. The Paris Tim. Big town fiesta. Love fees, fair space. You know what I mean? You can't seem to get together without having a few drinks on the table. Sounds like England. That's a good one. Yes, true. Amidst the chaos, nice and age-old order. Welcome to Philippines 101. And this is a nice guy. I love his drink. He's drinking etiquette. He's got a similar background to us. He's brilliant. I love being smart. A whole thing. What are we doing? The opening of the bottle, the tanko. A guy who also called the gunner. And one of the distinctive characters of the drinking culture in the Philippines assumes an important role. Now prior to the commencement of the festivities, he's a one person who also an important of the intoxicating liquid is poured into the... He's like the self-interpreting curve of the land. This ceremony is offering to the spirits that it's supposed to be. Never should this happen. The ceremonial occult of spirits. The tangaro poison is... I've got a nice devil-free sash. Measuring the liquor by eye. The panties are not given indiviturances. Oh, you share a glass of really... Yeah! ...of a bath. I guess a party's we've done that. Come, Radarie and your panicette. No. You're not even willing to enter in a COVID rush. Just not in the pandemic times. And no case here. Sure, a common glass passed in a round robin' sequence. It is frowned upon to take a pass. But when a drinker is excessively intoxicated, a substitute from within the groove must consume the short and the drinker's place without defecting his or her own turn to maintain sequence. That's hard. It is customary post-consumption to return the short glass to the centre of the table or hand it directly to the tangaro. I got a real proof. To refill for the next drinker. The composition of every drinking session varies. However, it is important to familiarise oneself with these carriages has to be a way. It's very serious. It's very serious. Good master. A legend gifted the immunity from an e-reation. You're not made. With the tongue, can cleaning up after all is said in... Not made, huh? The walking did. This creature is well-to-stay conscious, despite consuming, overwhelming amount of alcohol. No, just let me sleep in. We met me and some games. I'll get very happy in Jolly. A lot, a lot. The escape. Half dead. The escape. I've got a friend. I know he's talking about it. It's share of the bill. That will disappear. The usual catalyst of trouble. It turns aggro and overconfident with every short. The concept queen or king. You're the dancing queen. This creature, Bogarti Kerrio, is the king machine. Maybe I'm the one who's the main station. The sleeping beauty, with its large tolerance for alcohol, this creature lacks the ability to stay conscious with its introduction. Because it is immobilized early on in the session, the sleeping beauty is the primary target for embarrassing photos and unwarranted facial products. The runner. The one task with the acquisition of logistics of essential supplies to perpetuate the drinking station, such as ice and booze. Someone always runs off the sketch. There's a way to get out. There's a way to get out. I'll go pick it up. To choose the food at likes, to be consumed by the group along with the alcohol. You see, for Filipinos, no drinking station is complete without the accompaniment of the fish. Yes. Usually, the fish and fatty variety. Yeah, I'm getting hungry now. It comes from the Filipino word bulot meaning to pick up. Oh. It is acceptable to drinkers to grab small bites in between shots. This is to remove the bits of the alcohol. No, it's not the sky's voice, as well as pro-loving. You know, it's not too different in front of me, because I was told by the audience to slow down alcohol from entering the bloodstream. It's not acceptable. It's not acceptable. It's not something so bad or idea. To consume the polluta with rice. No rice. No rice. It is meant to be shared and not to be hordered and treated like a meal. Sorry, the intro. It's my bad. This is good to know. When we're next having like a drinking session, it's expensive enough. In films. In ships. Are you usually the vulnerable alternative? Includes the food. The food. The food. The food. The food. The food. The food. The food. The food. The food. The food. The food. The food. The food. No eating in the bowl mixed up. That's about it. No eating in the bowl mixed up. Wow. It's about a apple. Do you think? You know? A lot of apples and apple. Good protein. Good carbs. I'm using that apple. Yeah. If it's a little bit crap when I'm talking about it, come by or come by. In Japanese, is the Filipino way of saying. Oh, it's very similar to Japanese. The blinking of glasses and the part taking a shared beverage containing every participant's DNA is meant to honor old friendships. and in certain situations, possibly avert oneself from being violated with a sharp piece of metal designed to break up ice. Ouch! What a go-in-gah-neenah-hame-g-volothan! Bacon, all gunna-na-na-na! He smashed. Yeah. Wow. I'm sorry, but it's very, very, very one-may-fifty, though. I like that a lot. We're filming this in the morning and it kind of makes me crack open a little... Oh, no. Little bevy. Wait, too early for me. It actually made me more want the food that was on that day. Yeah, me too. I'm actually very hungry. Very hungry. How are we eating today? No, we haven't eaten today. So now we know. So maybe when we were doing those videos before we should have got some snacks. Because I don't think we could eat it. People wanted us to comment that, but I think we didn't want the snacks because then that would absorb the alcohol and it would make for a less funny video. I think we were eating that. We did get a little bit intoxicated in those videos. If you let us scrub the video from the start to the end and you see our eyes go red and like... Very responsible. Very responsible. You know, drink responsibly and all that. Don't miss a home. No, that's why you can just watch us do it in the past on our old balcony. Yeah, very cool, very fun. That guy was hilarious. Does he do more videos? Let us know. I want to find his channel. Yeah. It seems like a very entertaining guy. Yeah, I think you might be the werewolf. Not in an aggressive way. Which ones are we? Comment below who you are as well. I think you will be overconfident. You go more confident when you're drunk. I don't think you will be overconfident. Yeah, I probably do. So you're like half-well. No, no, no, not aggressive. I get confident and... I know. You're going to be funny. I get absolutely hilarious. No, I get very jolly and happy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Actually, you want to involve everyone. Yeah. Great. Enjoy that. Yeah. Do you send us more videos to react to? You can get us on our Instagram, send the links over there or just like screenshot whatever it is. But thanks so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, please subscribe to the channel. Give the video a thumbs up and we will see you in the next video. I was testing you to be up to you. I'm ready to go whenever you are. All right, we will see you in. The next. Oh, it's going to do the reacts. In the next, juicy. React. There's a bit too fast in the next. Okay, good. Do you see reacts? Okay. Good. Good. Goodbye. Bye. And good night. Good morning. Yeah, isn't it?