 I have been highly requested to check out this listen challenge right here. It went viral on TikTok. It is from the Philippines. So I know that this is going to be amazing because there is a saying everybody that is Filipino can sing. I truly believe it. I just need to know what is in that water because I need a sip of it because I just need a little bit of the singing ability. Please let me drink some of that Filipino water, that magic water so I can learn how to sing. But anyways, let's jump right into this to check this out. I am super excited. Let's go. Listen, challenge, let's go. Literally everybody can sing. What? How is this possible? Water, water. I need a sip. I need to learn how to sing. I was going to try to attempt to sing but I just know that the water ain't working. The water is not working for me. I can't sing but clearly everybody that is in this line right now, they can all sing. She got the mic passed to her on a high note and what? Wow, like just the first guy just right off the bat. He had an amazing voice just I don't know. I am right off rip. Wow, like I just I'm lost. I am completely lost right now. This is incredible. She got the mic passed to her on a high note. Everybody cheering like they didn't know if he could sing or not. Like they cheering for him like he has never sung in his life and he just started singing. They like whoa, whoa, he can actually sing. What is happening right now? What is happening? Like I just don't even know how like yeah, obviously you have a group of people that can sing but I don't know the backstory of this. I don't know if this is a random event. They could have just formed a line. None of them know each other and I'm pretty sure they all know each other and they all know that they know how to sing because why would somebody that don't know how to sing try to attempt this challenge right here. Like I said, I don't know the backstory. They can all be complete strangers. Everybody in the Philippines can sing. So it's easy to find a lot of individuals that are friends of Philippines that can sing because everybody can sing that is Filipino and that is from the Philippines that's in the Philippines. If you got a little bit of Filipino blood in you, I know that you know how to sing. It is a proven fact like for real. It is proven but let's continue. Watch out, they cheer for us. Okay. He just picked up exactly what the other two left off. Wow. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So the simple fact that they all shared the mic like passed it around they all picked up what a other person left off didn't miss a beat didn't miss a sound Um all the singing was great together and they sung the whole song Completely from beginning to end that is incredible like that is not easy to do because you are literally sharing One microphone and you stop at a certain part and then the other person have behind you have to pick up right where you left off and some of them were even singing On like with the same key and tone that the person before them sung like when it got passed on a high note the next person came in high when it got passed on a low note the next person came in low Um just completely amazing like this is incredible Um wow I see why this went viral because it is not an easy thing to do but like I said everybody in the Philippines they all have super powers Uh, they because I've seen Amazing things that came from the Philippines. I seen somebody water bending you feel me They was water bending and the water was going with every Uh, you know motion that they were doing what they had and it was from the Philippines Uh, and you know singing it's just what they do everybody in the Philippines they just they are born to be singers Um wow Uh, this is amazing right here this is amazing Uh, yeah I don't know what else to say I feel like the reaction spoke for it all This has been another the rage in the worst reaction I will see you all for the next one always stay safe out there Have fun be happy Bless up Peace YEEE