 But you're Friday. The freshest. You guys have sent me a lot of videos on TikTok and tag me in awesome viral videos and TikToks and this are some Filipino singers that have gone viral on TikTok. Okay. How many times can I say TikTok? Topic. If you say top-de-topic, really fast backwards and you end up saying TikTok forwards. Oh wow. Topic, topic, topic, topic, topic, topic, topic, topic, topic, topic, topic, topic, topic, but then it's interesting now. I know. If you say TikTok a bunch of times faster, you don't end up saying, Cognac. Oh, I probably don't even know. That's like TikTok backwards, but proper backwards. Anyway, it's gone. Look, this is a... Alright. Yes. Who is this? Do you know the names? No. What is really trance? Please. Just get your head out of the rest. Listen to the goddamn qualified scientists. We're really fucked up. We're fucked up this time. It's so close. We're fucked up this time. It's so close. We're fucked up this time. It's so close. We're fucked up this time. It's so close. We're fucked up this time. We're fucked up this time. We're fucked up this time. We're fucked up this time. There's lots of medals. It's world-renowned and forever but it is. And I'm still here. Here it goes. And I'm still here. And I'm still here. And I'm still here. And I'm still here. And I'm still here. I'm still here. What the hell? What? What? I'm just looking at back to you. Thank you. People? What? What? What? What? What? What? You mean the guy's like, whoa. You know, this is so good. Yes, this is insane. I totally agree with the comments section in this video. But honestly, she had 77,000 likes. Yes, it's popular. Whoa. This is what happens. But it is crazy. And people make money from their TikTok. I don't know. I have no idea, right? I don't know. Because I know they're famous TikTokers. Around endorsements are a huge deal on TikTok. Right, right, right. But I don't know if there's an actual partner program in TikTok. Right, right, right. But because obviously, these people are really famous on TikTok and they're always being wealthy. But that's mainly because of the power of their influence. But I don't know if, for example, you have a video that, I mean, if you have 77,000 views, you must have like 10 million views. I think the profile is mean at least. Well, go show all the love. This fucking mental man. This is not. I actually, honestly, completely, completely honest. That was absolutely insane. Who's next? I got more. I got more for you. Next. Bro Will, the diva 19. That's from a karaoke. I love how people break Western songs in their conversation. What the hell? People, what? Explain this to me. Can you open it in a different tap? Open it in a different tap? Yes. I want to see more of her. What is this? Hello. Hello. It's interesting because she went really benefit. She has their like, Iqao aqo. Iqao aqo. And don't act like that. Right. Mm-hmm. Iqao aqo. Thank you for a like. Wow. Impossible for others to. I don't want to leave any. I don't want to leave any one. What? What? That's so impressive. Obviously she's what I mean, such range has got a lot of stuff. But she's so impressive in the sense of, well, it's not a gimmick. It's like, that's real. That's honest true power, right? Yeah, that's honest to call it true power, right? It is. It is. And the thing is like, obviously, you're hearing everything here from like the raw sound environment. This is what I like about this video. And I love that you guys have taken the time to tag me and shout me out in this video. So I can keep sending them. Yes. All the videos you want. More, more, more, especially on TikTok. Cause it's obviously like an untouched realm for us. Oh yes. So it was actually quite hard to log into the computer. I was like, how do I log in? How does this work? That's right. It's frustrating to look at actually. But go on. Who's next? Go there at the end. Oh, yeah. So this one man getting drunk and singing. This one by all on Facebook. And obviously got reposted then. Oh, 185,000 likes. This is so Fred. So Fred. So Fred. Freddy the guy. Freddy the man. Fred. Yes. Okay. Oh, is that so? Yes. Oh, my God. He's fucked. Oh, nice. This is not. Oh. Yeah. He was hitting me with some modulation and everything. I mean, what that is. You know what? You know what? You know what he'd reset. He kind of like. Yeah. What happened? Oh, he didn't. He came off of the falsetto. He came off of the falsetto setting. Cause obviously falsetto. If you push to my air and then you lose it. Right. You reset to your natural larynx. You actually lose connection between the vocal folds. They stop making contact. I mean, you just lose the sound. But it's actually quite interesting that you see the. Cause it is physically very frustrating when that happens. But it doesn't create pain or restraining or anything. It's actually a really cool technique for male singers to hit really on natural high notes. Well, he's really fine. Yeah. He's found something else. Right. So in this particular case, you're seeing a mix of a kind of bit of like a foolful with stiff folds. So they're kind of touching a bit more than usual to create that fuller sound. But they're very stiff. They're very stiff folds. So they're kind of set in a certain position. And they just make contact instead of wavering through to create vibrato or a given edge to the sound. They're just very stiff. And there's a very fluent one type of sound note. Right. But it is quite cool though. Because even in the relaxation of the setting, I think they've been drinking for a while. And you can see in the body language, the obvious recollection there is how to. The obvious highlight is how to maintain that contact even when you're in 100% in control of your body. People are saying like watching from everywhere. But said this, this is the second part is saying of the same song. The video that we just saw plus another one. And people are like, okay, it's an advertisement. It's an advertisement. It's just hashtag ad. Oh, okay. Same song. She is beautiful. And not only that, but can we zoom in? Oh, yes, we can. See, I'm just discovering the world right now. We know we're big on this whole tech talk. Things are too bad. And I don't understand how it works on desktop. So I'm just trying to figure it out. That's right. But I wish we could go back, but we can't. But obviously the... Yes, if you're okay. You can. Oh, you get... Oh, wow! Look at that! Awesomeness, everyone. Thank you very much. Wow. So cool. So cool. Right in the middle. I was just going to talk about her posture. So you have... She's so close to here. The upper body is leaning forward. And even though there's a lot of relaxation up here in the front of the neck, it's actually everything that you're seeing here is playing against her vocal capability. Right? So it's everything's opposing a challenge. Cool. Nice. Especially for this song. She likes it tough. And I don't know why... Obviously she feels comfortable in this setting, but it is definitely one of the most adverse positions that you could place yourself in. But at the end of the day, essentially doing it for fun. It just happens that this video is fucking off mental. Did you see that? She's great, gosh. She's fantastic. Wow. Wow. That's a good voice. That's a good voice, though. Wow. That's a good voice. That's a good legs start man. Does that feel a bit wild place? This is it. So cool. It's so good. This is his key though. He's so great. He's so great. If I had to make a choice between the two. The Philippines is a wild place. It's a crazy place. If I had to make a choice between the two versions, I would pick the guy. You know why? Because this is actual natural key. It would be a thing of just refining, tweaking the answer phrases. But that is his nature. What are we gonna next? This is Lucas Niko, the username. Is that Lucas Garcia? Yes, Lucas Garcia. Is Garcia singing another Trimming pool? I think he's just chilling. He's singing less along. I'm feeling better. I'm feeling better. I'm feeling better. I'm feeling better. Oh, nice speaking voice. I'm feeling better. Okay. I'm thinking of how this is going to be. What do you think my collection can be? What do you think of the girl? The girl has everything. I have got your tinkers all up already. I have roots and roots and roots. One thing about us? I got 20. But you passed. You know, big deal. I want more. Dude, I balance you. I got top in a fucking swimming pool. Are you crazy? I mean, you sound like less along. That's not what was totally blowing my mind. God. What? Okay. You know what? This is so funny. You know what? Well, it's a really cool thing. But you know that I was looking at some singing exercises the other day online. Thanks to YouTube Academy. The YouTube Beauty Work City. I was looking at some really cool singing exercises. And a lot of professional coaches were like, try singing in the pool. Obviously, the gravity is totally low. The gravity is totally lifting. The diaphragm is inside of the water. They're sort of holding each other. No, I don't know. Someone was holding. I'm putting their arm out. Oh, okay. Perhaps why? No. Because I mean, it's not like you're going to float. You know, you'll definitely be able to touch the bottom. I would think so. Especially in that size of the pool. But it's so apparently if you are just your stomach is under the water, it's being lifted by the... So your diaphragm is actually lifted as you're singing. So you could reach higher notes just to accommodate and start feeling the positioning of the larynx and start experimenting with expanding range in that manner. Because the effort of the muscle contractions that you would have to get used to are actually being lifted by the water. And I was like, wow, how cool is that? But I think perhaps this is not the case here. I'm just saying that they just remind you of it. I was going to ask the... I was going to ask the... What is the impact of like singing in a swimming pool? Well, we do know that he definitely takes away the muscle exhaustion of it because you're not being brought down. What did you say? I don't know. It's just broken. It's broken. One faint of arms. I got a twig. But you cast a little big deal. I want more. It's just so lifted. It's so sweet. It's so refined. It's so full. It's mad. It's crazy. It's mad. This is another one. We're like 200,000 likes. Yeah. It goes by Yumi Trosiou. Come on. Every go knows this struggle. I'm just saying that they just remind you of it. I'm just saying that they just remind you of it. I'm just saying that they just remind you of it. I'm just saying that they just remind you of it. I'm just saying that they just remind you of it. I'm just saying that they just remind you of it. I'm just saying that they just remind you of it. I'm just saying that they just remind you of it. I'm just saying that they just remind you of it. The isn't effect is real. Can you hear my voice? Hey BJ, you bad loud. The Sound!! Yeah, this is a lot ofs me say it. I'm just fake. Man,ो Cos survivors just remind me of it. I'm just fake. I'm fake. I'm just fake. This is a shit? Shit. The fact that they're doing it so fast is actually big and it's so hard They're so good at this though. It's so similar to the previous video where he's like they yeah, so some reason They choose the harder path as well. I mean it obviously they also like to do things like a fella which is like Crazy to be so crazy. It's so good to a more one more listening. What else they got here? Oh This is a customer on the restaurant Yeah I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more She found her way as well Oh Oh Here's was amazing Forget the technical aspect of things, right? There was a waiter just walking past like nothing was going on Yeah, and people are still talking and and the world hadn't stopped moving because this in that bloody country is normal and but then the interesting thing is everyone so supportive and Encouraging like just one breathe in the comments. I think that woman was there sort of seeing alone just doing her own thing Yeah, you know, I'm in a big singing Having a good time. What the fuck did like what country can you do that in like what culture? No Philippines man is a Philippines. I've never I had never seen that in my life mother mother just arrived Where did that ever happen? In any any place you've ever been to never Never, but I know that shit isn't real. I totally agree with you and everyone is not only encouraging but but It's like a it's like a free show is it and she sort of you know She's decided you know, maybe today was rough at work or whatever I just want to have a beer when I go to my local restaurant and they put the karaoke and then you sing and you let loose and and then you go back home Just ask the normal person yeah, not for the sake of money not for the sake of of praise just for the sake Because you love to sing that's right. What dude? That's right. If more singers had that That had more professional singers had that approach to singing no And maybe that's why they are too good. They're good Because they're not for sewing anything just just enjoy me just happiness and Think you got a right mother and I think on that note that is the best way to end this Let us know what you guys thought about it. I was freaking out and I'd love to do this again with different parts of the world and I I think This is the best way to learn of culture too. Yeah Of people or true people not what you get sold everywhere and you see in the news unless you this is This is what true people look like yes, and what they do so I'd love to do this with every country and if you you know If you do like would like us to do this more It could be from the Philippines or anywhere in the world to let us know and tag my let's go on TikTok What's your touch? It's the same as my Instagram. So I w ls k 15 So you can just tag me comment my name anywhere or send it to me on DMs or whatever and I'll I will check them out I think this is pretty cool though. This is insane. Absolutely guys. Thank you. Bye