 Bye bye Hey guys welcome back welcome back it's your boy Steven Bernamou here anyway some errands for today I'm gonna go to 711 Pay some bills and then go to the gym after the gym. I'm gonna go to SM Consolation to do some groceries. So guys here. I'm taking you guys with me Yeah, we're gonna be going around Doing all this stuff here. So yeah, it's just like a probably after the in my life I spend the other after in the house just Thinking about some things and all that Guys, I'm here in 711 trying to get some things and then I'll pay the bills and add to the gym a few moments later I'm back here. I went to the queer here. It just brought me up from the The highway because I forgot to get my passport before heading out and I was in the 711 And I realized that I didn't have any cash on me and then I Went to the remittance to get money and I realized that I didn't bring my passport so It's a bad sign. I'm still young and I'm already forgetting things that's the passport here So forgetful 711 All right people finally back here in 711 Okay You Is the scene right here in consolas on seeing the afternoon guys I'm gonna go inside here and this will kind of check some things out It is too short here that I got 100 pesos each two shorts and one shirt one T-shirt. Oh, it's for 100 pesos I think most of the things they are currently one or a person sure right? Yes, all of the things if all one or a person six. Oh, okay, maybe niche stocks are coming Okay, they're trying to get rid of the Yeah, they're trying to get rid of the whole stock so most of the things are And all of the things are currently one or a person You We do two guys use the dressing room Anyway, let's just go get some work out now Oh All right guys are literally spend like three and a half hours in the gym But for now, let's go to some consolation Let's go Oh Happy All right people I just arrived in some consolas. Let's go and do some groceries You This is actually my second time coming here in this mall Little grocery When I first moved in console as an ice to go to island city more Not island city more city more One near the market consolation market, but I kind of Compared a person I realized that City mold city mold of molding Near the market is kind of it to expand the least one the supermarket came in consolas S&Consolas Potatoes here with expensive than the ones in the market so I'm not gonna get potatoes here I'm probably gonna go later to the market to get some potatoes probably tomorrow Potatoes and sweet potato. I'm out there. That's what I call it in tokens Look at his press Put some vegetables here They are a bit expensive than the ones in the market but Anyway, I'll just keep the vegetables for tomorrow. I'll go to the market and get vegetables for now. I'll just get the The cabbage here. I probably get some protein chicken and pork here and then for vegetables I get it. I'll go to the market tomorrow and get there. Hello I'm blogging I'm trying to find the cheapest chicken as possible. Oh, there's some here You want to buy for this? 4 kilo? Hi mom, I'll get some We want to say hi Yeah, I have a good trip Steven Banamu, one thing I realized about consolas on guys Consolas on the Gross area a bit more expensive than the ones in the city In the city the chicken goes for like 180 per kilo while here in consolas on it goes 105 per kilo No choice M.U. Yes, yeah, that's the one. Okay. Thank you. They got my YouTube channel. So People you realize how friendly Filipinos are in the Philippines guys Everywhere you go people this people are just so friendly. Bye. Bye Anyway, let's just go get some canned goods. I Haven't seen my favorite thin fish yet. I Used to get like cheap old pipe, but the fried and chili flavor. I don't know if we have it I haven't seen it here Wait, wait, where is it? Chili fried flavor They don't have it here, I guess Anyway, I'll get some beef loaf Guys beef loaf is like the cheapest option When it comes to canned goods and it tastes good though beef loaf actually tastes good I Normally get like a San Marino, but the smaller one This is the one that I was talking about I'll get three of this There we go And then two of these I'll probably go to the market tomorrow and get some rice and vegetables Because I think the cheapest option to get vegetables and Vegetables and fruits are in the market Here in the mall, it's kind of bit expensive. I'm looking for coffee So cool drinks There's like option here. Oh Let's check this lane here. Hopefully they have coffee here Is there like coffee? Coffee coffee. Oh, this one There we go We've got some coffee options here Guys one thing I made a mistake today. I should have gotten a list I should have leased on the things that I wanted I skip a lot of processed food There's like noodles and other stuff so most of the things though I got is like Organic stuff the only process food that I got is Can protein and then Yeah, can protein and I'm probably like bread. That's the only process for the used to get Oh, yes, I just remember I need to get like laundry detergents This one