 Music Good morning everybody! Welcome to a new video! That's what you call a stunning sunrise. And just, you know, that little bit extra guys waking up early, you're a brace with that. What I must have made last night was quite a bad sleep. It's not so much a paradigm thing to sleep on the beach sometimes because there's a lot of bugs. A lot of my body got bitten last night and even my eyes are swollen here. I don't know if you see it but my lid is high-lit here. It's just really swollen. So it's a bit annoying. So I might actually sleep somewhere else tonight as a town nearby. It's gonna be exciting day. I think me, Kyle and some of the other guys are gonna go check out a rock formation that has the potential of doing like a massive splash just like air. I think it's a surrogate. Maybe she'll fight. Well, it's a cloud formation and it's just been so freaking happy this morning. Let's fight for a little bit. It's mosquito and everybody's asleep. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. I'm gonna go check out the rock formation. Oh! Cooking at the end of the morning. I thought it was too small, but I think it's a decent size. Let's crack it open. Alright, so we got to pour the shedding from Kuyah. Nice. Wow! Now that is a good start of the day. It's up man, nice bookah. Have a try. Coolas? Yeah. I'm gonna try a bookah. Coffee later. Louis! Yeah! You what's up? Our book about all of them tonight because they do it at a coffee in the morning. Which is understandable, maybe later when they thirsty. For now, I'll just ring it myself. After at least a week of no laundry, we should be getting a laundry back today. We don't see the lady yet, so we're gonna go out and explore before we get our stuff back. Nice. Kuyah's got a helmet from the locals here. Super friendly people. I've made it that it's doing our laundry. She doesn't have like a laundry shop or anything. We just, we asked the locals and of course, is it yeah? So friendly people are here. Hello Manok. Alright, this is the first spot. I think it's similar to the sweetener luck. So I forgot the name in the syringe. Let's see some slashing. My laundry. Hello! How are you? I'm just here at Rockpool. There's splashing. This side or that side? It's up behind the rock. Okay, okay. Beautiful. Alright. I think we're gonna walk behind this massive rock formation here. Really beautiful. Wow. When you're driving here on the northeast coast of Samar, there's rock formation like this everywhere. We got a stunning ride getting to here. Look at that. And... I love it. Hello, John. Nice to meet you. And the water here is so warm. Wow. Alright, this is very interesting. You can see here, this rock here used to be a coral. And you can identify easily by the shape all this holes here. So perhaps, some thousands of years ago, this was well underwater. And what? It's such a strange landscape. Look at all these black boulders sticking out here. Everything is white. It used to be coral before. But then these black rocks sticking out. Picture picture. Can I see it? Oh, big one. Nice. Let me. So cool. We're getting a snail's here from the beach. Alright, we're almost there. And I think this is the splash zone. Let's find snail. That's fine. Let's follow this guy. Billy Pino. Billy Pino. English only. Nothing there. Guys, we have a mission. We've got to find some snails. They know? Oh, oh. Funny, the first time I came to Philly Pins, people always say, oh, oh, I thought they were like, Oh, oh. For my country, when you say, oh, oh, it's like, oh, something dangerous or something happens. But oh, means, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, nice one. That was big. Bye bye. Alright, let's check out this splash zone. That is one blue pond, guys. You can actually see a lot of corals here on this site. This is nice. And I guess if the waves are like super big, they can splash over to this pond. So it would be nice to chill here when they're bigger. They can splash over to this pond. So it would be nice to chill here when they're bigger waves are hitting. Alright, we're getting white close to this splash zone. So we got to be extra careful here. Last time, I was in this similar area. I was with Cody back home in Iceland over two years ago. Woo! We're taking picture at the end. A big splash came over me. And I got so wet that my phone got all salt water into it and destroyed. Flashback. That was a good splash. Oh my god, he must be freezing. Alright, let's go get close. End of flashback. Woo! Got a little bit of splash on me, so let's get into a dry area. Now this is where we get into the serious stuff. Got those massive waves coming in. What an intense lag. Look at this massive wave coming in. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I can tell the waves are getting bigger now. So that only means one thing. You get down to a safer area. Yeah, the water was not reaching that top layer before. Maybe look at this as a little bit of learning video. That's the situation. I'm going to pay a close attention to what's going on around your surroundings. Just like that. When I came here, the waves were not reaching that top layer. And now they are. So they're going to get bigger and bigger. So we just want to move out of this place. This water is so hot. It's like a hot tub. It's almost like walking on another planet because it's like aliens and stuff here. Attentive ghost. These guys. Aliens, boiling hot water. And a crazy landscape. Made it back to Earth. Normal landscape. We're still the heat is here. Seriously hot. And I'm moving. Me and Kyle came to this eatery over here. We're going to grab our lunch. And a lot of you guys comments when we were in Hagenabohol that the banana that ate was not ripe. So I picked a little bit different one. Like you guys recommended it. This one has a little bit of color on it. So let's give it a taste. I had no idea it had to be like that color. I didn't know it was going to be dry or stuff like that. Nice. So freaking good. Are you kidding me? Wow. Alright, just picked up the laundry. First laundry in at least a week. So it's going to be good to wear a new clothes. Let's see if my rash guard is clean now. I know it's probably really hard for that to clean it. The old school way I think is better than a machine. Where's mine? That's only yours. You're a very different lady. Yeah. I don't know the lady doing my laundry before. Yeah, how much did you give her? I thought it was for all of us. So I had 300. She always gives her like 150. I always say I support the locals and the province. It's the gym though. So yeah, you did a good deed. Thanks man. I'll give you back the body. Okay. I don't feel bad. I guess I have to go back. I tried to buy the life of it. Do you remember how dirty my clothes were before? Yeah. Get ready to have your mind blown. Your brain squirted out of your eyeballs. You got dirty hair? Wow. Wow! That's a new fin. That's my new fin. Wow man. It's really impressive. How could you do that? I was like, oil is stuff on it. It's nobody. There is no way a machine would have done that. That's really incredible. Province. It's actually incredible. Watch all of you guys before I started playing. Yeah, you know what I mean. Talking about back then when we were vlogging.