 Welcome back to DNJ React when music sparks conversation every day in today's Conversation we got Filipinos who made Pinot's proud part for if you guys haven't seen part three will link it at the end of this video But with that being said, let's jump right in More or more foreigners are moving to the Philippines not because of the affordable possible living the beautiful picture or the scenery Men are so fed up with Western women because we're all apparently so woke and so terrible and Western women don't want to be lives That they are now going to other countries to find lives Never would have thought The Philippines the Dominican Republic It's like the opposite of the mail order bride and so a lot of these men get remote jobs And so they go there and they live in these countries and then they meet these women and then women in the Western world definitely are safe are so pissed off about it and they're like you're going all these countries So these women don't even know how to speak English that can't even read they're so uneducated and then the men Like fill themselves with these women and like show themselves on date and women are so elegant and they're so well spoken And they're so traditional they're like look at these women like they're so respectful and kind and the Western women are you know sitting on their No, fresh and fit podcasts whatever podcasts losing their mind over this when you pay attention to the passport rolls like they're getting women from like The DR Columbia the Philippines Thailand like women can that can speak very little and women that don't have that Women that Women that need them raise the be why they learned Everything from birth and their father from their mother how to be a wife and how to support you Women that need them it's not even women if you need them is women at treat them with respect so we don't I got no yet don't I live in your country and I speak two languages the guy look and English you live here how many do you speak one you're so Fair Nice we don't have a go there No, of course not you know a miss universe is just someone who communicates her thoughts effectively and is able to connect to people and just like In music you don't need to understand the Larry but you can feel a feeling from what they're communicating so why shouldn't be any different with language I'm I've literally been saying this for the past like couple of years I even deleted like tender hinge bumble I'm just like dude it's not worth dating an American woman. Oh really like on a side for an American man I you know I've been around the block plenty of times you know It's always the same song and dance every single time here with every single American woman I've been with not saying I'm perfect by any means but they're just not Raised or built to be wives anymore. They don't want to be they'd rather go work for a boss that will fire them Incently and throw them in the trash then Mary a guy who will take care of them and appreciate them Yeah, that's the more empowering is getting thrown in the trash by your boss one that can just hire a younger better girl That's more like intelligent than you in the future that's so empowering But a strong and independent that's the way to be yeah, yeah, for sure. That's an excellent really well That This is Kelsey Merritt She was born and raised in Angiolis City, Pampaga to a Filipino mother and an American soldier a pretty good example of a passport bro Nice as a TV I always wanted to be a model She was so passionate about it that while studying in high school She was already auditioning for various modeling gates judging by this early footage It clearly showed that her potential was out the charts is beautiful despite her future being so bright though Kelsey never forgot about her education because as early as 21 years old She would graduate from a tenio de Manila University with a degree in communications after finishing her studies She went hand first into modeling. She focused on improving her craft and striped to be the best version of herself for rigorous amounts of training And I think it paid off she started appearing different magazine covers make up and clothing brands And sometimes even work with other people's celebrities like license of a rato and bail on something name a few And of course even more commercials Filipina models would have already been contented to achieve this kind of success I am so confused She just say she wasn't just an ordinary Filipina because right after graduating she would make a vow to herself and she did it in public It wasn't taking her a lot of guts to do it. She was literally a dreamer The Victoria Secret fashion show was no joke It was home to the most respected models in the entire world so making it there is like reaching the promised land for any aspiring model So in order to maximize her chances, she moved to New York and kept grinding After just a little less than a year she got the chance to audition for a spot in the 2018 Victoria Secret fashion show Did she make it It's so gorgeous She's beautiful It turned out that she was just a dreamer with a woman of action her tweet back then she totally backed it up And boy was it satisfying for her to announce it it was a proud moment for her to know events for sure Except it wasn't for some of them some fans criticized her looks because they thought it didn't represent the real beauty of a Filipina These comments were obviously heartbreaking for Kelsey and she couldn't help but crowds to send her words I was born and raised in Papanga, Philippines I finished my studies in Manila before going to the US last year as far as I'm concerned My blood is more Pinoid than the pure blooded ones out there who have never been in the Philippines I love my country and I'm proud of where I came from Man I gotta say that she handled the response so intelligently Back to the show it underwent a lot of preparation and when it was finally showtime Kelsey Merritt did not disappoint You Ten out of ten yeah definitely Do you realize how crazy this is? Kelsey literally walked the most world famous models such as Kendall Gigi Adriana Caddus Body and more yeah, but the difference is is the a lot of those other girls I've seen them before their Victoria Seeker models and they got their cheekbones shaved down their ribs shaved down They're hip-shaved down bodywork. She's natural natural. Yeah, so a lot of like Kendall Kendall Have you seen her she's got all kinds of plastic? She doesn't look like any other more like she used to when she was younger like Her teeth roll messed up and like I mean just Bro, she's had like hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars worked on this is natural. Yeah, well, I mean the whole family's like I know a fan of this plastic surgery on a daily basis on a daily basis. That's why Believe it happened Yes She just made history by becoming the first ever Filipina to have walked the Victoria secret fashion show And she wasn't even done yet because after just a year She also became the first model for the Philippines to be photographed for sports illustrators annual swimsuit issue I Feet that's harder cemented her rice and status as the jewel that you miss from Victoria secret on sports illustrated Is rarely accomplished by any model despite all the accolades Kelsey continued to stay true to her roots. She stayed humble and it's quite easy to observe the way she interacts with other people Because she still speaks the galo and sometimes even her local language Like So no matter what happens I will always be proud of Kelsey Merrick despite of her being a target of some Pinoy basher's If you think Kelsey's basher's for rude there nothing compared to the bill of Orches because not only some of her own people hated her But also Jesus himself. It was so bad that even caught the creators made negative videos about her It's just how making faces. Oh Damn it. I'm sick of seeing her face Bevel back yard over here contorted her features to be all cutely like gives me the rage to take down the Chinese government And she's not in the Chinese But is that all there is to it? Is Bella just some random Filipino girl without any talent who get lucky enough to have thick talks algorithm on her side? So I asked her whose questions I did some research found out that there's more than meets the eye Bella's real name is the nary botista Taylor She was born and raised in fantasy non-philippines She didn't know her Filipino parents because after her birth her grandmother took care of her until the age of three And was then adopted by an American veteran and the Filipina stepmom At age seven when she became capable of doing chores her abusive stepdad would make her clean their farm Our earliest read the morning while her older step sisters got to do whatever they wanted It's like this in the real story to be honest her step that would have used her physically and verbally Because if I don't know my step that would get mad at me and be like oh you're not in breakfast You don't get the stuff I went to school one time with a swollen hand on my right hand and it was like bleeding And I tried to like stop the bleeding before I got to school When Bella turned 13 Carman will do its work as her stepdad had deployed a family to the US for the need of bypass surgery Juizuiz condition Bella no longer experienced physical abuse but the emotional and the treatment still persisted At age 17 Bella had enough so she decided to join the US Navy to get away After boot camp she was given the role of an aviation ordinance man She was basically responsible for the maintenance of guns, bombs, torpedoes, rockets and missiles Man the job sounds very dangerous but you can't deny that it sounds bad as to After four years in service she decided to quit and now we're all caught out But before she became famous for lip syncing to the song and to the B which produced the most like TikTok ever People liked it at first but as she continued uploading similar videos Some critics started noticing her little to nonexistent apport like sad videos They couldn't wrap their heads around how she was getting all the success in just a short period of time In her first 12 months she casually racked up 60 million followers That's basically 5 million followers per month or 165,000 followers per day It's so insane that we're not followers today is even more than the population of Afghanistan Most Chalya combined with all the criticism of key state silent But not until May 14th 2021 but she decided to silence them Welcome to Backstreet, all the perfect women Come on in and decide to grow under three How we did this song? This is our first song we reacted to on our channel The song is so cool Bella's debut as an artist became the biggest music debut ever in YouTube history She then started sharing her story through podcasts and made sure that she also showcased her talent This they build a pitch You don't get too big and choose to burn out some makeup moves If my eyes are vulnerable See the line with this guy we just see it calls me Forgot she's Filipino she can sing too Take me back to the start At this point I'm not even surprised anymore because she know how it is with Filipinos We love karaoke and Bella eats it for breakfast I love you To this day Bella's portion is still active and tick-tock on her music career She released more bangers such as inferno, living hell, dolls and recently crush What a like about Bella is she's allowed and proud to Filipina She speaks three different Filipino languages and she doesn't even hide it in her live streams and interviews She's a father She's a father She's a father What do you think about her? She's a father She's a father and she's a father She's a father She's a father She's a mother She's a mother It's more fun in the Philippines I just want to say that she's a mother of Filipino And for me to represent the Philippines is crazy because I'm sorry I'm like a real show You know, Filipinos are very emotional You make us proud For me, for contribution alone to put the Philippines on the map, it's more than enough to be proud of Well, Kelsey and Bella experience haters, this Filipino experience far greater dangers She's gone into the inside Oh, damn She's collected by her dog, the face, and the broken rock Unfortunately, Mr. Monsei is back to stop her This time, it's beyond the question Seriously though, what is up with his most demanding bloodline? Why do we always end up on these lists? Anyway, Bianca was born and raised in Laguna Philippines Ever since she was a toddler, she was pretty much exposed to this foreign country What do you think? At the age of six, those things are awesome She could be in her voice most of the time, and still wants, so she gradually accumulated more than 100 trophies by the time she turns around Let me just tell you, we did cart racing back in the day, the same exact competition she's in, we did the same thing It is freaking expensive, dude It is so expensive to drive those carts Because you have to rebuild the engine after every race You have to put 110 octane fuel in those go carts, which is the most expensive fuel that you can buy I think it's around 10 bucks Back in the day, that was what? I don't know, maybe 2077, 2008 It was almost 20 years ago, you were like 1011 when you did it It was like $5 a gallon then, so now it's 10 bucks a gallon now Yeah, easy It was super expensive, but the tires, you had to buy the tires every single race, rebuild the engine, the gas is stupid expensive The carts are $10,000 to $30,000, sure there are even more now And the trailer, the workshop, all the extra motors and clutches, you name it It was expensive, $1,000 just to enter every single race, just to race a weekend It was fun, man, yeah, good time They said she's from Laguna, Philippines, which is kind of funny because the Philippines that they just showed kind of looked pretty nice Like Laguna here in California, how does it look? So I'm assuming that her parents probably have money because you can't get into carting and racing without having money Because it's very expensive Yeah, seeing, due to the amount of training and experience of such a very young age She qualified to compete in the W series, an international all-female racing championship that is known as a stepping stone to make it in Formula One Oh wow Bianca didn't win, but she performed well enough to earn the spot in the Formula One Academy Despite being only 18, it didn't take her very long to back her first F1 Academy win, which happened at the very challenging racetrack in Valencia's fame It's a good start, why Bianca first of Mantei? First of Mantei has to take his offensive line coming into third Bianca, first of Mantei runs off right into the gravel manages to get back onto the track That allows Pula and have the base to close right in on her Can Bianca, first of Mantei hold on It will be first of Mantei, he crosses the line first to win Her first F1 Academy race Wow That's awesome Bianca first of Mantei celebrates What a start She's actually pretty famous now because I've seen her She was actually here in Vegas recently during the Formula One race and I think she's part of an F1 team now and she helps the F1 team Oh there And I think she's pretty soon, I don't know 100% sure, I'm not 100% sure about all the details but she was here, she was hanging out with the guy who drives for Mercedes Oh shoot, I forgot his name I can't remember his name but he's a famous Formula One driver for Mercedes He wins almost every race and she was hanging out with him and is on his team and stuff And they adore her, they love her She's super nice and really helpful This victory made her the very first F1 Lepino to win an international race in the league that is directly associated with Formula One And she stood at the top of that podium and Bianca couldn't help but lose it when our national anthem started playing I'm sorry They're trying her best not to cry It probably so is surreal, like oh yeah, you know All those years of racing like parts and moving up to the ring and finally made it The national anthem was from Philippines was played in the podium and that is got me crying I haven't played for a little bit so I know You're thankful for it She thinks he's always getting it Two months later she would back another win in Monsa Italy while experiencing some very dangerous crashes As they make no way to the first race Oh wow, they have upside down Oh my god, this is ready I almost on top of her Oh my god, they're so big to me from her teammate in front as well Wow Scary, Bianca must have managed to out in front So she just breaks a little bit too late And unfortunately must have managed to stop her It's first of managed to just go in again I'm going to carry Shrena, Bianca must have managed to almost fall into the car I can do it I'm going to take the first step of the race I'm going to take the second win in M1 Academy The right team celebrate with smiles That's freaking awesome Dude, have you seen that video of that F1 driver? I know it's like unrelated to the female category but in the male category I think his wheels popped off In the middle of him going 140 miles per hour His brakes stopped working He slammed straight into the wall at 130 He went through the wall, split the wall in half And the car split in half completely And it was fully engulfed in flames And it was like the longest minute, minute, 30 seconds of like everybody's lives in the stands And all the team members and they were watching The whole car was in flames Did you live through it? Bro, he walked out of the flames, out of sitting in flames for a minute and a half You see a black figure just like emerged from the flames and jump over the wall And get out from it That's a badass right there We can find that video, I'll have to link it here But dude, that is like the craziest minute and a half and F1's splen's ever Yeah, everybody was crying Everybody on his team was like crying And everybody in the crowd was like We for sure thought we just witnessed somebody die Yeah, probably thought he was dead after all that Even all the competitors and stuff were going back in the pit To get off the track and stuff And everybody on the mic was like, please be okay Please be okay That's a scary man When I went on top of the podium, I heard them chanting my name And really that just got me crying again So here are the anti-plates And the Italian fans cheering me on I just felt right up I've always been so proud of being Filipino And even though Some of the motorsport didn't get stuck Or even though they're still proud of it I'm still so proud of it Geez, this girl is really out there risking her life for her passion Or a world representing her country As of the making of this video The current F1 Academy season is still ongoing And Bianca Bustamante is currently sitting at ranked number 7 out of 15 drivers Not bad at all for Ruruki And her team primer racing is the second best team so far Trailing only by 21 points So they definitely still have a chance to win it all And speaking of winning, how about winning the heart of the Hollywood's biggest movie star back then? Steve McQueen What do you know? Yep, I'm not even kidding Meet Neil Adams Her real name is Ruby Niela Salvatore Arrastia She was born and raised in Manila in 1932 She's the child of a popular performer Carmen Salvatore And Josep Pepe Arrastia Who was known as the son of one of the most prominent Hashan deros And Lubo Bambanga She barely knew her dad because she grew up under her mom's care She would bring her to life performances So it was natural for her to want to follow in her mom's footsteps Before she became a teenager Her mom would start performing in the US And unfortunately, this was also around the time when World War II broke out With a Japanese attack Manila in December 1941 Her mom couldn't go back so she was left under the care of her relatives As the war continued, the Japanese started occupying the Philippines The guerrilla groups started emerging One of them was the Philippines' resistance against the Japanese They were famously known as Kukbalahab A group of passive farmers that were originally formed to fight the Japanese But later revealed against the government Because they didn't like the terms of the alliance between the Philippines and the US Then the craziest thing happened As a teenager, Neil became a spy for the resistance What? She carried messages and intel between the guerrilla groups This went on for months until she got caught and incarcerated by the Japanese for 18 months It was also reportedly wounded by Shrapnel One of her legs from a nearby explosion during that time 1948, Prince Trump finally was able to return home And immediately moved her to the US where she would finish her studies in the art of her forming At the Catherine Dunham School of Dance in New York In 1953, she was cast as a dancer in the musical called Kissman And worked her way up to become the lead dancer of the show Due to her ambiguous beauty and exceptional stage presence She was offered one of the lead roles in the show called the Pajama Gang Who's that? That's Neil Adams What does she do? Man I'm a heart-setting girl Who's got to go to the room Want some scandal? No, but I'm... Lips up the pages and... No, between the blind heads of headlines Just got the news Five, six, and seven got the latest in sport Come on, get some out of the gun, please! We'll find out in the next video While rehearsing for the show, she bumped into Steve McQueen So... He was huge back then He was great, he had a breakfast now Steve McQueen, that sounds familiar, is he a race car driver? Oh, he's a race car driver He was in movies Yeah, but I thought he was a race car driver too, Steve McQueen Maybe he did race cars Wait, I gotta look it up now Steve McQueen... British actor Yeah, but he was an actor Oh, and a movie American actor and racing driver Oh, yeah, Steve I told you that You got it, man I told you, dog I thought I'd... Sometimes I know things I thought I'd recognize his name It's not a mean to overstep myself, but would you like to join me in a part of coffee? The rest was history Her name then became big in the Broadway scene And she also appeared in over 20 films in TV series Between 1952 and 1991 I want... To do... Something... Neel and Steve had two kids And one of their grand children is Stephen Armakueen Who is popularly known as Jeremy Obampeard-Iris I can't believe it I'm just a young Filipino girl who cared for her country To becoming a big Broadway star and celebrity Neil Adams is definitely proved that filipinos can excel in many different fields And one of those fields This is beauty pageants. You see the competitive spirit will always be there for Filipinos, but pageants for us, it's not a movie. It goes so well. It's an obsession. This is beautiful. I got like a soap pump down there. I heard it up. T.C. I'm too hot. In this country we're in the ironies of heroes. Oh my God! You're hot. People realize that somebody who comes from a parkline area in the Philippines and part the standard size of making it delivered. That's beautiful. We met our first Miss Universe titles back in 1969 with Gloria Diaz. The first runner up in Miss Finland, Miss Philippines is just the first of 1969. And in 1973 with Margie Moran. The first runner up is Miss USA Miss Philippines with Miss Universe. But after that we went on a 42 year drown. 42 years. This is the last time. And during those times we really struggled. I want to change my legs because I'm content with my long legs. What could you rather be? Beautiful or smart? Well, um, quiet please. And you. This is not us. This is not us. Yeah, we're happy. This is something with the video, not us. Okay. Just lost all the audio to the video. Just randomly. Is it like that the whole video? I don't know. I mean, everything's normal. Maybe try a fast forward. Sorry guys, don't know what's going on. This is just from the video. This has nothing to do with us. Well, that's odd. Oh, it goes back. Sorry about that guys. That's really weird. The Mary G lasty was. You see. He loves the little extra. You see. Mary, I'm like I'm a Samardina. You see. Delicates. Delicates. Delicates. Delicates. Delicates. Delicates. Wow. This is real. You have to imagine all the way from the show. You have to be a Luigi Gala. Bellypie. Two of those rants made it all the way to the crown. But the road to getting there was very far from easy. During my research, I learned that Pia Catriona also had their own fair share of crush it and devastating defeats. Here we go. Phili Phili Phina's 2013 runner up is none other than. Phili Phili 15. That's the best. Are this universe? Phili Phili Phili 2010. It's none other than. Winnipeady Nover. 25. I changed my last image. How do they pick? They're all pretty. They're all gorgeous. They're all talented. And the winner of this world 2016 is... What do we have? What? She's beautiful too. Oh, I love you. You are. You are. You are. This is you. You're so wonderful. You did your best. You did your best. It was happy. But these Phili Phinas are just built differently. Why should you be the next Miss Universe? The B.A. Miss Universe is both an honor and a responsibility. If I were to be Miss Universe, I will use my voice to influence the youth and I will raise awareness to certain causes like HIV awareness that is firmly and relevant to my country which is the Philippines. I want to show the world the Universe rather that I am confidently beautiful with the heart. Thank you. Miss Universe. 2015 is... ...Columbia! I have to apologize. Oh, he messed this up so bad. Oh my God, dude. Miss Universe 2015 is Philippines. He got... ...dude. ...so much hope for messing that up. So that girl, that Colombian girl was so pissed at him and thought like he did it on purpose. And Steve Harvey invited her on his show and deeply apologized to her and was almost tearing up a little bit. He felt so bad. Dude, that's such a big mistake, man. Bro, how do you come back from that? Yeah, that's probably the last time I hired him for that job. Because that's like people from all around the world are watching that. Yeah, that's pretty bad. She probably feels bad even taking it now. Yeah. Well, there was confusion and being his mom. But I know that you know that. And she made sure there was no confusion. She made it so clear that she was the best candidate that might. In fact, most fans even agree that she's the best Miss Universe ever. Philippines! Philippines is the former martial artist who has unrealized that world of years old. Now what is wrong? This fashion model and sickest ways for veratility through benefit, concern, health, and economy and abroad. Philippines! Philippines! Philippines, crossing ways for entrepreneurs and relevant and open-heartedly building in Manila. This 24-year-old turned the building into the young, broken, child-capped plant center. A school offering free education to children. Philippines! The woman of the world is beautiful, man. Now I'm even more excited to go to the Philippines. Because of their victories, the Philippines became one of the biggest beauty pageant dynasties in the entire world. With four titles behind USA's 9, Villainswell is 7 and Puerto Rico's 5. An achievement that we Filipinos should be proud of. Now I know that some people don't like this concept of Pinoy Pride because they find it cringe or corny and all that. Well, someone has something to say about that. The Philippines is home a very beautiful natural resources. From the beaches, the mountains, but I firmly believe that the best natural resource that the Philippines has is us Filipinos. We are the true heart and soul of the Philippines, with the way we are hospitable, with the warm smiles. And we are the reason why the world keeps coming back for more. No matter where the universe takes me, I will always be proud to call the Philippines my home. And no matter what happens, I will always be proud to call myself Pinoy. What does Pinoy mean? What does Pinoy mean? I'm not sure what the question is. Maybe Pinoy means Pinoy means Bill of In. We have to check it out. It does Pinoy. Relating to the Philippines or the Filipino is a Pinoy person of Filipino or just Sam. Okay, so it just refers to the person. Good stuff, casual chuck. Another banger. So we finished all the Pinoy's right? Yeah, there was only four. We've done all four of them. Okay, cool. Nice. Very good, though. Yeah, it was a good series, man. I'm super excited to go for the Philippines now. I'm pretty pumped for it. Yeah, that was awesome, man. I think November of next year, November 2024 is our plan to go out to the Philippines. And I think our first stop is going to be Cebu. And then our second one is probably going to be Manila after that. Let us know down in the comments if you guys have any recommendations. For anywhere in the Philippines, you guys think we might enjoy those are just the two off the top of my head because I know they're the most touristy. It's like when somebody comes to Vegas, it's just like a tourist thing. You just you don't know anything else. They just hit the strip. No, see, I think they know where there's so much more here. So let us know down in the comments any more good spots to hit up in the Philippines with that being said guys. Make sure to give a casual chuckle follow and a like produces amazing content. And also make sure to like subscribe hit that bell notification for more. Jump over to Patreon. We're given seven days away for free and 15% discount when you pay up front for the whole entire year. We have a ton of exclusive content over there. No ads, two days early. And also we created a shop as well. Go ahead and tell them about it. Yeah, if you want to check out all the clothes and different items that we have over there. It's DJRKpopshop.com. We'll have the link in the description. And also if you want to save 10% on all the items, you can use code D-A-N-D-J. Save. Yeah, I'm going to give you 10% off. Link in the description guys. Thank you so much for watching. We'll see you on the next one. Peace.