 Alright guys, this is Smith, okay today reacting to this video. The Philippine Army Shooting Team. Well, I like guns, not violence meaning, I'm not mental I'm sure. I mean guns are cool aren't they? It's structure, gun sound, they are cool aren't they? But sadly it's strictly banned in Japan so I play COD, you know, Call of Duty Shooting Game every day to meet my desire, sorry guys I'm talking about different things. So back to the topic, Philippine Army Shooting Team. How good are they? Well let's see. If you enjoy the content, give it a thumbs up, and consider subscribing if you're here. So let's get into it. A&TB World Class Champions, target is to meet the finest marksman. Oh, did you hear that? This sound. That's what I want it always. Wow, cool. I just went train the center, this is the mindset of every soldier. Oh, this is my first time. Cool. Oh, did I have to dance as well? Nice. The Philippine Army is home to the best shooters who have distinguished themselves not only in local competitions. Oh really? I didn't know that they have such a great shooting team. Interesting. But in international competitions as well, at the marksman training center in Camp O'Donnell Kapasta Lack, as the so the Philippine Army don't just become sharp shooters, they are home to become World Class Marksman. Oh, that guns look like MX-4 if you guys play COD. You know. So you can get a part of the Black Manu. Of course, you can shoot it. And you can get 20 marks out of this, a square structure of the approach. It's about the elimination ground. So you guys have to train in an overseas as well to wear that patch. Wow, marks must be tough. The best performance is the Arbots Ripeball. Captain Hosek, Carlos Coruña is one of the trainees yearning for this badge. Their marksmanship skills are enhanced by joining various shooting competitions here and abroad. To be able to earn the man on the that patch, you have to undergo the basic marksmanship training, advanced marksmanship training, and you need to be able to pass the marksmanship trainers' training courses for both pistol and rifle. Oh, sounds really tough, but it looks really kind though. You don't look like good shoot at all. Very kind of face. And then you must be able to represent the country in any international shooting tournament for you to be able to wear the man on the back. The Philippine Army Shooting Team has won the most coveted trophy in the 2014 Australian Army Skills at Arms Meeting. Their team has defeated the best shooters from the Armed Forces of the United States and 12 other countries. They even beat the US. Wow, must be strong. The team that was born this year was named Assam, Baisam, or the Army Army Army. The Assam was the first World Century, the World Champion of the United States. We will see the American, British, Canada. So, the world class is the only one that has been formed. Oh my God, they must be wild class, as he said. Wow, I don't know. There is such a great shooting team in the Philippines. That's surprising. The Assam is an annual shooting competition among different units of the Australian Army aimed to showcase the marksmanship of participate in teams. It also serves as a venue to exchange techniques and learn from each other. The Army Team won 14 gold medals, 50 silver medals, and two bronze medals of the team matches. The competition is very good. We are very happy to see our team in the United States, the United States, the United States and the United States. Well, not to be biased, but in the latest TNP AFT Olympics, that saw the participation of the Olympics as well. The Philippines Army Shooting Team emerged with champions, and it is the Philippines Army Shooting Team that represents the country of international tournaments. So, I am proud to say that the partnership training center is the premier marksmanship training center of the Olympics. So, apparently, they have the best shooting center in the Philippines. Wow. I want to join it, actually. Philippine Army Team proved its very high level of marksmanship, making it equal to the other armies not only in the SEA region, but also the whole world. There are two! I don't know who's most. At the Southeast Asian picture, our toughest opponents would have to be Indonesia and Thailand. They also have a good training team? Of course, because of our training and our equipage, I would say that you're just a part. There's just a slight edge equipment and of course ammunition, but training wise, we have world-class training. We do not fall far from first, second, and third place. We get first, second, or third sometimes, but we need to put our team together. There's a rivalry between them, right? I see. Our team is a top team. That's how good your Philippine Army Shooting Team is. Up next, what it takes to be an elite marksman. The Philippine Army implements various training programs to further enhance the shooting skills of each soldier. The team is a good player. A man and a lady, and a good team. They are a good team. A good team is a good team. A good team is a good team. If you're an elite, you're a good team. A good team is a good team. A good team is a good team. There's a lot of different class. Growing through the marksmanship training is like taking a college degree. For years, before getting into the training. For years, it's been quite long. It got to be tough to get the degrees from shooting levels. It must be tough. The class is a good team. If we need to get a little bit of training, we need to get a potential shooter. That's what we train. Leaders of the training are like snipers too, when it comes to selecting target members. We have a mobile training team. We are the only one who can get the best shot. And it's one of the best players who can get a potential shooter. The most important thing is that the challenge is that every day or day, the team has a good target. Oh my God. The advantage is that the team has a good training. If you're a rigid team, you're a rigid team. In the end, you're a marksmanship training center. Soldiers start their day with their exercises, their calisthenics. That starts at around 4.30. Run on average, about 5-7 kilometers a day. And then we have our conditioning drills. We have our planking exercises, strengthening our core. Because shooting is a discipline of muscle control. I see. I thought, you know, muscle doesn't really require the full shooting. But to maintain your pointing, to keep your pointing, muscle control is needed. So, yeah, you have to work out. You have to work out very hard. Not for me. I hate running or training. Dropout already. Bunched load is gun with bullets of determination, passion, and discipline. Compared to other marksmanship training, scenario-based shooting application are conducted in the training field. Well, the Mexican IDTA are tournaments of student accuracy on regularly a very scenario. ARM, the Southeast Asian Rifle League, and Australian Army skill of our team are more tests of how soldiers really fight in the field. Yeah, the distances we have in the field are 300, 400 meters across. IDTA is the part that we need to be in. Lady Cadet Leia, shifted from arrows to bullets. I'm also in my archery, archer. I don't have to worry about archer shooting. So, I'm training. I enjoy my skills to develop. I'm in the field of our team. When I'm in the field of determination, I shoot the front-wheel for competition. This is because there are only patients who can do well. They don't have skills. I'm in the field of self-confidence to be in the field of the field of the team. The most important thing is self-confidence and exposure. Wow, she doesn't look like a strong ball. She's actually good shooter. She's pale on the thing. She doesn't look like a good shooter, but she is. Just because you were just a terrible girl, but doesn't necessarily mean you're not good shooter. I'm here, it doesn't matter. Perseverance can be an elite shooter. I'm going to go to the middle of the field. If you like it, you can go to the field of the field. In one of the fields that therópIS wants to be in the field of the team, you need to focus on the matter of running up to the arms, you were fighting against events. But what advice are you going to do? Very good. Even if you're doing shots, you may choose to shoot. For example, youCool Wheels. You'll need to do them like for different reasons. If your training carries on the field and the matter always on the field, the point of them is that they will gain some points on the field of the team. I encourage you to be ready to follow at your points. encourage you to be part of the Philippine Army shooting team. We would like everyone to signify their intent to join the unit, the center. Not only will validate your skills as an individual soldier, but more importantly, it will give you the opportunity to represent your country in ways that you are demanding. So is this advertisement for the Requirep recruitment? Wow, Temp Ting Ofa. So for all of you who are interested, please don't be afraid to contact the assistant team to be part of the personnel of the training.com and identify your intent. You are more than... we are going to be more than happy to welcome you to the center. Oh, I want to apply here. But it's a tight cause you know, it's rigged training. Yeah, it's not for me. What about exciting, the best shooting team exists in the Philippines? Oh man, I didn't know that. Well, I wonder why they do have such a great shooting team in the Philippines. I don't think Filipina has special ability for shooting. More than that, you know, comparing to other countries people. Filipinos are relatively small and things, so not powerful. So I wonder why because of history or something? Well, you guys tell me. Okay, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. Hope you like it. If you do, make sure to like, button and subscribe. So, mata haimashou.