 Future Friday. The freshest. Bleh! I was so good! That's so good! Some of the best bands in our opinion at the moment are from the Philippines. We know nothing about this band called Sunkist Lola. Is that like your grandma got kissed by the sun? Yeah, basically. But this is what the channel is all about. So it's been really requested. I'm really intrigued about them. So let's give it a good listen and let's see what we think. They have come highly recommended by the way. This is like so requested. It seems like a band. Oh, there we go. Turn it up, dog. Oh, put them vibes. Yeah, we might like this. Oh, the bags. Oh, the bags. Oh, okay, no, I'm in this bag. Wow, it's been... It's been quite long since we discovered something new that we're this fucking. Oh, that is so good. This is what I love. This is what I love the wish bus for. The platform that they have created, freaking fabulous for international people to really get a grasp of original Filipino music. I don't know. Popular, they are. Maybe they're super famous. Maybe it's just us who's late to the party. We did disappear from like a 90s dance. Who knows? But I love them so far. I love them. Yeah, because she's like musicality at its best. I think it's the style of music. That drama has really interesting mannerisms. Oh, I like her voice too so well. Oh, she's probably such a nice dev. It's nearly unperceptible what she's doing. One day if she's at March, drama. Oh, the bag. It's one of the best examples of like less is more. This is my new example. Before my best example of less is more is like Casey Tandingan. I also would put into that picture Ben and Ben. There are great examples of less is more. Oh, shut up. They have like 57 musicians in one man. They work because everybody knows exactly what to provide. If they overplayed, it would be a freaking mess. To me, they work for that. To me, they're a better example of what a world class band sounds like. Regardless of how many instruments or how many members they have. That's what everyone sounds like when they know they job. Yeah, but it's not less is more because they do a lot. They do so much. But they do a lot because they're so many of them. They provide dynamics like the span can not do. But it's because of the layers, not because they're overplaying. If you know what I mean, so individualistic. Individualistically, they're providing little. They have more seasoning because they have more ingredients. Yeah, correct. But with San Quizlola, there will be now my best example of maybe more than this year, 2023. Best example so far that I've seen of like less is more. You can do a lot in subtlety. You can really find magic in those subtle moments. Not the big exaggeration or big sounds. A lot of the time it's the same as listening to music at high volume. Listening to music at a low mid volume. You find a lot more details and your ears really focus. And that will be my recommendation for everyone. Don't blast the music. Plus save you is. Here's the thing though. I love what they have been able to encapsulate here because it's a good middle ground between that chilled R&B sound that was like really, really popular about two years ago in the Philippines. And then you put into the... Yeah, the Arthornary, even the Addy, a little bit of Sack Table Dlo coming into the picture. But then you also add the alternative edge that sounds a little bit like four of spades with his vocal texture. And then you have this really cool band element that just really highlights the cool dynamics that you can provide in a group setting. Her vocals here are such an intricate and interesting take because they're nearly unperceptible. Like you can barely even hear her. I like this girl, man. Oh, she's so velvety though. She provides a depth. Ooh. That's silly. Does that mean like Corridor? Yeah, like Hoaway. It makes me want to pretend I know how to sing. Yeah, we do. But you do know how to sing. So it's not the same. But someone that doesn't know how to sing, he makes me feel like I know how to sing. The harmony is really intricate here though. That's nice. That's so tight. Frickin cool breath. Oh, shout out to him. Yes! Oh, Fulav, we'll listen to jazz. Oh my god! Oh! Oh, nice! That was so good. That was so good. Dude, what the fuck? This guy could literally wish closer to wish. Five, seven, five. Oh, that's hard. It's like a jazz bell. It's essentially playing like a triplet. Jazz bell. It's really nice. And obviously the guitars are like a wood mix between like a Jung Mary, we'll listen to Kerry Wong and Jung Mary lately. And then he's like pop. And then also a little bit of blues and jazz. This is what I like about this band. They have found their own genre because I thought it was going to lean towards the indie pop route. Like I said at the beginning, really not. Yeah, but it's really not. But the ones are more like pop. Pop forward. But then again, you have that blues. belong to the zoo. He has a similar sound. But then again, the bluesy riffs in the electric guitar with the accompaniment of like the rhythmic section of the band. It's crazy how five people can make so much music. It's so cool. It all seemed like contemporary to our age. Like 24 maybe up to the 30s. I mean, I would have known that probably all 21. But it's just I mean it in the sense of years because they seem to be quite maturing. They're sort of musical decisions and musical choices. So it's really nice to see that youth, but material or something. That key change is clever, but... Oh, that's beautiful. And everyone's very pocket. Oh, freaking banging. I think I think I noticed there at the end that I think yeah, they did something special. Yeah, because it was really pocket and that's really hard to do in this environment with that specific type of style. But that this smile of this key, that's like... We did that. Yeah, we did that. Yeah, so we did it. I really, really freaking like what they've done. It's beautiful, it's calm, and it's collected, but at the same time it's full of emotion. It doesn't lose you. And I love that they... I thought the song was finished after the guitar solo before the key change. Because I thought, okay, that's enough. You don't need anything else. But the swell, the climax of the song is actually so necessary that it doesn't feel overwhelming at all. The key change comes in and you welcome it with open arms. The harmonies are tough because they're working on thirst and fifths. And when you move half a note up, you're already working in muddy waters. You're already working at a difficult position. And they did such a brilliant job of keeping it together and maintaining such a ghostly sound. I'm trying to find, I'm trying to find like the lyrics and stuff in English. They're so good. It seems it's quite a recent song and quite a newly popular song. So I can't find any of like lyrics translated. If you do have a translation or anything like that, do let us know. We'll pin it in the comments so people can also discover music with us, can have a look at these guys. And let us know more about them. I will be more than happy to review more of their work. And apart from that, that's basically it.