 Hi! Hello! My name is Shanta and you're on the Shanta Show! Obviously this show is all about me! So I look... Um... I hope... Oh! You see it? He doesn't know I used this camera! Oh, you're gonna be right here! Hi! Hi! Hi! I'm a charity work. Some people come here for love. Whatever the reason is that people come here, a lot of the foreigners that come to the Philippines don't bother learning Tagalog. That seems kind of unfair, doesn't it? For those who are in the Philippines, if you're here in the States, you can't go to English, right? You can't go to Tagalog, you can't go to America, right? But America or the United States, or the United States, you can't go to English, right? That's the reason why people come here for love. Because there's no reason to go there. Yes, very enough. Nearly everyone in the Philippines knows how to speak. A decent amount of English to foreigners to get by. But it makes me kind of sad to see foreigners that have been here in the Philippines for years and years and never bothered to learn the language. I'm sure that if you're interested in the dates or the Philippines, try to a Filipino or a foreigner. Like my sister, for example, my sister married a Filipino. Who wants to be a Filipino? My name is Emily. Dwayne is my brother. I'm a Filipino. This is the captain of the country of the Philippines. We're the captain of the country of the Philippines. And Samkah. Thank you. I'm married to the beautiful Shanta Marie Sallboro Wuli. Shanta, come here baby. She's my beautiful wife. Oh, wow. You're really... Oh, man, no. This is my beautiful wife, Shanta Sallboro. We got married. She grew up on March 10, 2017. So just last month. The Dalga Dalga Dalga Dalga Dalga Dalga Leap us. I was an elementary school student when I was in elementary school. Tell them. The most romantic place in the world. Dotsia, Tokyo. Taaah. Ah, ya голос, Tokyo. Shanta Runaway is an example of a foreign Filipino relationship okay the only difference in this relationship is the foreigner knows how to speak Message for everyone today is that if you are a foreigner and you're in a relationship with a Filipina learn her language you will never truly understand your Filipino partner if you can't speak her language fluently sure you can communicate in English but there's always going to be some kind of barrier there when you're speaking to her in English all the time You only know who she is in English like if me and Shanta were to speak English all the time I wouldn't really know who she is when I learned how to speak Wata and I know her in Wata It's like that there's more of her that I know now because I speak her language If we were to speak in English all the time her her personality would be limited You know, I wouldn't know all of her how can you expect to understand your Filipino partner 100% when you can't even speak the language that they've grown up speaking Their entire life like you may say like I've been with my wife for 50 years I know her better than anybody But the thing is you don't know what you don't know you don't know what it is that I'm talking about right now because you're not fluent in the language And you won't know what it is until you learn the language I'll give you a couple of examples for example the sense of humor in Filipino is much different to the sense of humor in English If you were to directly translate the Galatins of you make it into English it's not funny at all. It doesn't make any sense like for example Now that's a famous Filipino song if I do a parody of that song the Filipino this is what it's like And the Filipino is that's really funny but in English all that means is who's gay who's a lady boy say charring charring you know It's like what? You know there's other expressions like Salamat Mangabashi No, it's please Smiley Manjana everything Fuck her It's Diwo Seems like that I just can't explain why it's funny in English you only know why it's funny when you're floating in the language If you become fluent in the Filipino language and you have a Filipino partner and you speak to your Filipino partner in the language It makes a massive difference like Shanta and about how do you feel When you're in the upper right hand what are you guys? Maybe You can't expect your Filipino love to adapt to you all the time to adapt your language you've got to adapt back So you can have that another You know the connection That's correct It's a two way thing Yes baby You know You know Learning a language is more than just translating something from English into the language you know that that's just a translation You don't actually really understand the essence of the sentence or whatever it is you're translating You will never truly understand the Filipino people if you do not speak their language You may think you do but the thing is you don't know what you don't know So if you are in a relationship or married to a Filipino put it to the test learn her language and see what changes See how your relationship grows and develops see how you understand her more Yes learn her language If you learn her language you will have more to laugh about to talk about Now we're not trying to say that you know if you don't speak the language your relationship is going to suck or it's going to fail We're not saying that at all we're just saying that if you do learn the language you will know your partner 100 times better 200% You may ask for how much books in the language? Well for me I'm a pure bread Aussie our ancestry goes back to the corn vigs My family is not bilingual at all Now why learn the language was I came with the Philippines as a missionary and then I didn't speak English at all I was living with Filipinos I was talking to Filipinos way out in the provinces every day Taking their notes whenever I learned a new word or whatever you words If I wanted to know how to say something I just asked people in the language like You know but gusto more But I'm in Quran but I am more But I am more Don't make excuses for not learning the language you can do it You have the time if you're married to a Filipina you your teacher is what that she looks at you you're married to her It's saying that I will be uploading my secret how I learn to speak Like I look how I learn to speak three different Filipinos dialects in a matter of two years So if you haven't subscribed to this YouTube channel subscribe now we're going to be uploading some tutorials on how to speak Pagandot misaya and one a one a Dokela It's not difficult when you put your mind to it you just have to be dedicated When you finally become fluent in the language you will understand her completely And then you'll know what I'm talking about in this video Alright that's it for that A guys thanks for watching make sure you subscribe to this YouTube channel for more colorful hand You're gonna go ahead Alright rant out