 Vitya Friday. The freshest. We've been sent this video quite a lot with quite a lot of intensity. And I think I know why because it's one of those relays singing things. It has all the qualities of an amazing video. It has the Coca-Cola in the background. The food, the full bellies, the smiles and also a lion. A lion. And the karaoke is only ladies and gentlemen and they're gonna sing. To a friend's heart. To a friend's heart. To a friend's heart. A friend's heart. A friend's heart. A friend's heart. A friend's heart. A friend's heart. am I singing to these karaoke're weekends? Do you know why? Because I feel like he surfed. – Oh mate. – The song. This song was dead in the water. And he came out and everybody was like, yeah, that's the song. You know this girl in the back? You have small 40's. You've got a bucket. You've got a bunch of roots! Waters mia. Sound proof of lit Living, singing, or RE- Nancy. They're all wearing flip flops. Oh, this video is gonna be a problem Oh, and attitude as well dog Yo stop hugging him there. You're gonna absolutely suffocate his diaphragm dog Can I just say to what a beautiful vocal color? Under vaping on the background come on I love their own okay stop and that's what friends are for I love I love that all the all the singers up until this point have maintained the soft Quality of it is like it's we're not full set to range. This is kind of soft It's a love song at the end of the day. This is about loving your friends thoroughly and I love that they have maintained that as soon Even when they're you know You know, I found it. They're not even trying They're not they're playing around having fun. This is just playground games Dude he is My god for the boys I Sweat supposed dissipated yeah, yeah, yeah, I think the girl that jump out They're gonna keep going back Check that down bag he must have a voice book there was I mean check that guy back him down Thank you. Thank you. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You are it He's the shittiest karaoke sound during the back Come on girl Why would you skip it the row Yeah, I mean what I think she was waiting for the car technique. I think she was going for the chorus for that Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, it's something like a technique as well. It's great. I Love how they hide each other up She has like you know it those little Disney animated characters like the big glasses Tiny little body big baggy clothes like yeah, yeah, I know what you mean Oh He's the vaping guy this guy's like I'll destroy my lungs still singing the singing sound Also the beginning of the line Love him oh That's This is my that did Oh What the hell what I so weird what he was so good at that it's like Jack and I can oh That is so great Oh My god Good man, oh get ready get ready for the craziness Got the best bit that's the thing I want it might make your release let me sing the instrument Oh It's emotional give it give it to me Down thank you That is so cool Very happily that put it out there. Yeah, totally invite me to your karaoke give me that section of that as well for it Just a bit where I say nothing no, you know what so you could say I'll even dance maybe I'll do some stand But you know you know what so you should sing and I feel like you would absolutely murder any general Gibbs Yeah 40 minutes of like Instrumental and then is there one one person singing tequila and continuous instrumental Anyways, I told you I knew this was gonna be a problem. It is fairly old and it's like on on the It's been everywhere, but like I said like on Facebook and TikTok and stuff I'm really old you guys have been so so adamant that we check this out and so Tita Tita events or something Tita might Maybe I don't know it's this is so normal your auntie teeth at your antimicry events Yeah, it's it's so like normal in like the Philippines that it's like Like if you are from the Philippines you think this is like normal if you're outside of the Philippines This is fucking very abnormal like sub-normal This is like a normal party behavior and then for us it's like right bang on in the middle because it's like we look at it from like a music review Perspective is sometimes it's like competent technique. They're having a fun time But mostly porn is like quality also remains like really high a lot of time. Yeah But I look at it as well like from a human perspective like way to connect Yeah, because the singing such a like intimate thing because it's like exposing right? Yes, but you can have fun with it Correct and then you mix a little bit of alcohol and then setting up my sessions dog. Yeah, let's go