 Welcome back nomads. If you guys are new to my channel also welcome in today's video I'm gonna be eating more Filipino street foods Because in my last video that I just posted a lot of you guys liked it 13,000 of you guys to be exact and still counting that's still amazing to me And I finally reached 1000 subscribers because of that and I think every single one of you guys for doing that for me And let's get ready for this video So our first destination here is going to be a heat-get food house and I heard they have a really good potato here So potato is a stew that was influenced by the Spaniards when the first colonized here in the 60s and every region of the Philippines have its own version of it But I heard that this one in particular is very famous here in Pociti and I will be eating it for our first meal of the day It's so hot, but I just got my food They serve it pretty fast here that the main thing that they serve here is just the Puchetto but You have your other things that I showed you earlier now I Think this I showed you earlier. I think it's like a fish paste I'm really not that big of a fan of the fish up here just yet But I came here for the Puchetto and you're supposed to mix everything together So you have your cup your have your plate of rice and then you have the main thing which is the Puchetto And I heard that the bone marrow is the best part and that's what any soup that you eat really But this right here. This right here. We're about to try right now Let's see how good this smells amazing. There's so many people here I've never been to a restaurant that is this pack to play full of everything that I love which is fat soup and the meat just pulls right off. Oh my god Look at the look at that Holy This come here come here The bra Yeah If you like a little bit more spicy at some chile Now I had to leave here earlier because they just came back from carbon market So they told me to come back here at 11 and it's currently 1236 so I think it's packed pretty fast if you do want to come here you can get seated really quickly as well I maybe was looking for a seat for a minute or so There's a lot of space here, so you'll be fine Kalamansi Basically the filipita lemon it's kind of like a mixture of the lemon and an orange and there's so many seeds So many But all in all this is really good. I highly suggest coming here Ten at a time both places that I've had today ten at a time I Was not expecting this but my food was free, so I don't know how much it costs Say hi Miko That was very surprising though only reason why I got my food free because I'm vlogging and They said for me to post them. I mean, I'm going to this is the whole food video, right? But I was very surprised to be so the food was on the house and all I had to do was just blog It is by far one of the best foods that I've had here in the Philippines so far For ten at a time I highly recommend come to this place. I will put it here on the Google Maps And then I'll also put it in the description now I typically don't know how much it costs because I didn't pay for it. It was on the house But when you do come here, I believe it's fairly cheap We are now our second spot for the day and I'm going to be eating at a place called Bunko Bunko Sapuente. I believe that's the name of the street I'll be showing you again on the Google Maps and then I'll be also linked in the description Where this place is now it's in the same area that I did for my other local video for breakfast I believe I'll be putting the video up right here as well You guys can see and I'll also be linked in the description Now this place is basically known for fried foods of all sorts. You have octopus, you have fish I give this place a ten out of ten because oh my god Everything that I had today was really good so good And it's really cool because it's I thought it was gonna be a lot more Dense the food, but It wasn't too fried and you were actually able to taste the food that you were eating So I had I think it was pork and then I had lingui sa lumpia And then a meatball too. They're all good and there was other option as well But since I'm eating a lot of food today I don't want to eat too much of this place, but I definitely will come back to this area because it is it's really good here But yeah, that's what the layout is looking like so you just go to whichever vendor and it's kind of crazy Especially when there's new people that come because they just start yelling at you So like oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, and then they try to get you to go to their Table and you share with other people you can have one table to your whole cell and you just share the food That's in front of you. You saw how much food that was and it was a massive Oh Oh How he's a ego Mike And we are at our final destination for today. I am going to be having toslop boh-wah. It's basically pig brain and you fry it in a pan and then you cook it with other things as well. I'll be showing you how it's done and then you just eat it with some fuso which is also known as rice. I've been showing you guys, I heard it's really good here and it's a local Filipino snack that a lot of people have in the mornings, midday, whatever time they really want to have it. So I'm going to be having it and see how it tastes. Okay, so I don't know how to make it for you guys, we're just learning how to make it. So instead, all I know is how to eat. So I'm going to have puso which is palm tree. I think it's either palm tree or coconut leaf that they wrap around and inside it's rice. And then what you do is from what I've seen is that you just scoop inside, get all that goodness and then you just go down the hatch. Oh my god. That's so good. You know remind me of what you put on mashed potatoes. Yeah, the grape. So good. Sorry, the people are looking at me when they're laughing at me because I'm just recording myself. Now, as you guys already know, I will be putting this displayed on the video right now. And then I'll also put it linked in the description of where this place is at. And that is all I have for you guys today. I hope you guys loved all the Filipino foods that I had today and me just expanding my palate on the Filipino dishes that you guys have. And I don't even know that you guys have this menu to begin with. So if you guys have any recommendations for me to try, then please put them in the comments section. In this video and my other videos, I will eventually get to them and therefore I will be starting making videos for them. And as always, like, comment, share, subscribe and please hit that subscription button and the notification button because that helps me with the YouTube algorithm to get my videos out on other people's suggestion pages and it's actually been working with us far. And I hope you guys loved this video again and see you guys in my next videos.