 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Faire's and this is the commodity and today we're reacting to Harpy Eagle versus Philippine Eagle. Who is the king of the Eagles? Now you guys loved our Philippine Eagle versus the American bald eagle. So which we all know the American bald eagle on that. But with that being said since you guys liked it so much nobody requested this video but I figured I wanted to go ahead and check this out. I've never even heard of the Harpy Eagle. I just did some research on it. The Eagle is from South America so then I think it said Mexico as well. I think I've actually heard about this Eagle. I don't know if it's the same one but so I had read that the Philippine Eagle it's called like the monkey eater but it doesn't actually eat monkeys or whatever but I've heard there's an eagle in South America. I don't know if it's the Harpy Eagle that legitimately actually eats monkeys in South America. Life monkeys. Not like a buzzard line about monkeys. No like it will pick them out and they've got enough they're like the largest claws in the world and they can crush a human skull. Goodness. They're big enough to go around your giant ass dome and I feel like yours is bigger. Yours is bigger. I'd get it. Whenever we bar our eyes. Yeah. So that being said I wanted to check this out because again I've never heard of the Harpy Eagle. I've seen the Philippine Eagle and it is a beast of an eagle. It's huge. Yeah. So I would hate to see Philippine. Huge. I'd hate to see the Philippine Eagle flying down at me. I'd hate to have any eagle flying down at me. Yeah it could be a baby. I'm a little tiny. I wouldn't see a magnifying fly down at me. So yeah let's go ahead and hop in but before we do if you guys would go ahead and click that like button it definitely helps us get these videos out to more people and also if you would go ahead and click the subscribe button in the bell notification icon we're trying to get a hundred thousand subscribers before we get on the airplane tickle one. 32 hour flight to Boreneo Island. We want to take everybody that we can't stop it you're distracting them. Everybody we can we'd like to have go along with us on our travels via phone tablet TV screen. So with that being said please click that subscribe button in the bell notification icon that way you guys can watch our travels. It'll be my first time on an airplane and again it's a 32 hour flight. It'll be the longest flight I've ever been on. Yeah. Longest flight I've ever been on before was like eight hours. So it's going to be an intense airplane ride and also if you would if you'd like to support the channel even more you can click the join button down below and you're going to knit exclusive YouTube short shout out. So let's check these Eagles out. Let's take a look. And on those long flights I do have to have like a beer before I get on just to settle me. I'd imagine we could drink on the plane right. Typically but I still before I get on because I want to pass out like right away. I forgot your alcohol tolerance. Yeah. Oh I don't know what mine is though either. You have been drinking two months. Yeah. So over two months. Hoppy Eagle vs Philippine Eagle. I like the name for the flight between these two magnificent Eagles. Dun dun dun. The rare and mysterious Hoppy Eagles of the Americas. Oh that's a sick looking bird. It looks cuddly. No it doesn't. It looks very angry. I will say there is a similarity in eyebrows between the bald Eagle and this Eagle like it has that like like yeah like a serious look. The Philippine Eagle just looks like it'll kill you. This looks like it's just one-tank. It's so fluffy. Being at the top of the food chain this apex avian predator is capable of hunting animals as large as one of us the key sense. Oh yeah. The Philippine Eagle, Pithico Faga, Jefferi, also known as the great Philippine Eagle or Monkey Eaton Eagle is among the tallest, rarest, largest and most powerful birds in the world. A bird of prey it is also known as Harriban or which means bird king. Compare Philippine Eagle vs Hattie Eagle. They're so different. Philippine super different. I like that. Like this one again the Philippine Eagle looks like it wants to kill you. Yeah. This one looks- no this one looks like it will kill you. This one looks like it wants to kill you. The eyes are so different like it's just this one- okay I take back my statement. This one looks much more like intense in the face. This one does look like I'm having a different looking. I told you it looks kind of cutly. It does look a little cutly, but I like the skin on the face right here. It just- I mean it makes it look more intense. The Pian Eagle also known as the Monkey Eating Eagle is the most amazing and one of the largest extent species of Eagles in the world. It is just behind the American Harpy Eagle. It is also known as Harriban which means King of the Birds because it has the mane like a lion which makes him or her unique from all other birds. Description. Males and females of Harpia Harpia possess an identical plumage. They have grey orsate black feathers on their back while the abdomen is white in colour. The head is pale grey and a black band on its chest separates it from the white abdomen. Both males and females have a double crest on the back of their head. The females of this species can be easily distinguished as they grow twice as large as the males. In the wild, at all female Harpy Eagles can weigh up to a whopping 17 to 22 pounds, whereas the weight of males range from between 9 to 11 pounds on average. A Harpy Eagle can live as long as 25 to 35 years in the wild. What about Apple? Besides the single heaviest. The Eagle is also one of the largest Eagles on Earth, growing up to 35 to 41 inches in length with a wingspan of up to 6.5 feet, making Harpy Eagles second to only Philippine Eagles in terms of length. The Philippine Eagles nape adorned with long brown feathers that form a shaggy crest. These feathers give it the appearance of possessing a lion's mane, which in turn resembles the mythical Gryphon. The Eagle has a dark face and the cruelly. Don't get me wrong, I think it looks cool as can be, especially like this right here. But the whole lion mane thing, I saw it. It's a stretch for me. No, when I when it showed that, like I, if I look at the outer side and not at the face, I can see the line. But I got to see the, that's the thing, I got to look at the face. But if I'm looking at the top, if I'm looking at this, the so-called mane, he looks like my hair when I wake up in the morning. I see a lion. So I agree with the statement. In my opinion, if I'm not looking at the actual beak of the bird and I'm looking at the beak, what that point it's a bird with a mane. With a fro. But there, it looks amazing. I think it looks there, it just looks really angry. I think it looks cool like that. I don't like the mane thing. The heavy legs are yellow with large, powerful dark claws and the prominent, large, high, arched, deep beak is a bluish gray. The average female is about 3.36 feet long and weighs about 15.5 pounds. So about the adult male is about 10 to 20% smaller and averages at about 3 feet and 11 pounds. The Philippine eagle is the world's life. So it weighs much less, but it's got, it weighs almost half, but it's got twice, no, it's got a larger wingspan. Yeah, which obviously doesn't translate to length. The species has a wingspan of approximately 6.6 pounds. That's insane. The wings of this eagle are shorter than large eagles of open country, such as the Marshall Eagle, wedge-tailed eagle and stellar sea eagle. But if we look at the broad sea, have a greater surface area than any other eagle. Range and habitat. Harpies are found primarily in rainforest habitats, all the way from the canopy to emergent trees or even on the ground. Their preferred habitat is tropical lowland rainforest. They have been recorded at elevation levels up to 6,600 feet above sea level, but are more frequently bound below 3,000 feet or so. I don't know, but there are avoid areas that have been subject to deforestation, but can be found in more open forests and even pasture near forest. Especially when prey is scarce. These eagles are naturally found from Mexico to South America as far south as Argentina. Unfortunately, most of the eagles in Mexico and Central America have been exterminated due to deforestation. The only area in which they are readily found in Central America. We are already planning on going to the Philippines and Malaysia, all those areas. Would you all be interested in seeing us travel down to Mexico, which is going to be pretty easy for us to do? Yeah, and what's cool about America. What's cool about the Philippines, there's actually what you were talking about. That city in Mexico that has a lot of Filipino culture. Well, Filipino people. Yeah, or descent. Yeah, I guess you could say. Because I want to go to Argentina. That's why I was thinking I was like, man, maybe we should go to Argentina. My dad could go with us. He could be our translator. I mean, we could even go to Brazil. He'd be able to translate for Brazil. Yeah, so would you guys be interested in seeing us go to South America? Yeah. Okay, his parts of Panama. The highest population density is found in Brazil. The Philippine Eagle is a pandemic to the Philippines and can be found on four major islands. That's interesting. That's the least on, Seymar, Laita and Mindano. It can be found in northern Sierra Madre National Park on Luzon and Mount Arpo, and Mount Kitten Glad National Park on Mindano. Some Palawan natives have claimed that the Philippine Eagle does exist in the island province. This Eagle is found in Diptaracarp and mid-montane forests, particularly in steep areas. Its elevation ranges from the lowlands to mountains of over 5,905 feet. Who are 700 feet lower? Diet. Happy Eagles are apex predators of their rainforest ecosystems. Hatchling Happy Eagles may be at risk from predation by other heartbeats. That one just ate something for free. This type of predation is a rare occasion as the parents defend the nest and their territory. Happy Eagles depend on their five inch long talons and powerful legs to subdue prey. That's kind of well adapted to snatching prey from the canopy. It's a powerful enough flyers to carry that fly away to a perch to feed. That's like half a sloth. Look how big it's. Some palanthas were tore off. Unless that's a full animal that I don't know what that is. It's a sloth. I can tell by its hands because they always have the curled up claws. It just looks like that. So they can climb. Yeah. It might be half a sloth. Happy Eagles main food sources are sloths and monkeys but they've also been known to prey upon lizards, birds, small rodents and sometimes small deer. That's ridiculous. Philippine Eagles feed mainly on medium-sized mammals such as flying lemurs, palm civets, flying squirrels and monkeys giving them their other common name. Monkey eating Eagles. Other prey includes rats, snakes, small deer, birds and bats. You've got a pretty open start to get in their nest at the top of a hill and slowly move down hill from perch to perch before flying back up the hill upon reaching the bottom. Pairs have been observed hunting together. One individual acts as a decoy, drawing the attention of its real monkeys towards it while its partner captures a monkey from behind. That's very intelligent. Happy Eagles are most often found in pairs as they form monogamous pairs that mate for life. Wow. Pairs are also observed when a third juvenile eagle, which is their offspring from the most recent breeding season. They are solitary hunters which use their keen sense of sight to locate our boreal prey in thick rainpours. That is a gorgeous bird. Happy Eagles can potentially pervert for up to 23 hours in search of prey. They are incredibly skilled in flight. They can fly up to 20 hours. Happy Eagles can potentially perch for up to 23 hours in search of prey. They are incredibly skilled in flight and are adept at maneuvering through their dense forest habitat. They are diurnal and hunt during the day. Evolution in the Philippine islands without other predators made the Eagles the dominant hunting in the Philippine forests. There it actually looks. It looks very cutly there. So they both have that like and I'm sure it has to do with time here it is before they welter anything like that. Either that bird is held in captivity and it's fed very well. The chest looks like a pillow. Yeah it does. It's real pretty bird. Both of them are amazing. Don't give me wrong. If I say anything about one or the other, I promise you I think they're both awesome. Whether or not who he says wins or not, these are both amazing birds. I think the narrators phenomenal for this video. He might not be saying things properly all the time but he's like the way that he says things. It's just like got you going. Yeah. The Eagles the dominant hunter in the Philippine forests. Each breeding pair requires a large home range of 25 to 50 square miles to successfully raise a chick and thus the species is extremely vulnerable to the regularly occurring deforestation. The species flight is fast and agile resembling the smaller hawks more than similar large birds of prey. Additionally they have been known to attack inanimate objects for practice as well as attempt to hang upside down to work on their balance. That's interesting. They practice on inanimate objects pretending it's prey and they hang upside down to help balance. Yeah. That is intelligent. Yeah. Oh yeah. As the parents are not nearby when this occurs, it has been suggested that they do not play a role in teaching the juvenile to hunt. Life expectancy for a wild eagle is estimated to be anywhere from 30 to 60 years. Wow. It helps to be the apex predator. Yeah. Yeah. Between Harpy Eagle and Philippine Eagle. First of all, I want to tell you that these two species of... It's not who I thought he would look like. No. He looks completely different. Yeah. His voice doesn't match his body. Yeah. The Eagle are the most beautiful comparing the habitat and the animals. They're both two. The researchers have found that both Philippine Eagle and Harpy Eagle are top predators wherein there are no such predators found ahead of them until now. It is very hard to say which eagle has the major power to win the battle between both. If these eagles can be in a face-to-face combat, then the Harpy Eagle will win due to its sturdy physical structure and it evolved because of the genuine herbal predator or raptor in the wild for more number of years. Harpy eagles claws are powerful compared to any other eagle saying. Hold on. Let's go back. So there's the bald eagle. Yeah. The Harpy Eagle. Do they have the... That's a Balkan's claw and that's how much smaller it is. That is insane. Which one... We haven't seen anything about golden eagle. Okay. That's still impressive. We might have to watch Golden video. Yeah. That's a powerful compare to any other eagles. Its claws dimensions are identical as of grizzly bears. What? Which enable them to devastate the bones of its victims. That's all for today. Thank you so much for watching and please... Chimpanzee versus kangaroo. We'll have to do that one for us, Joie. Yeah, for sure. This was honestly a very good video. Yeah. And a very good comparison. I can't pick a true winner. I mean, if I'm picking like... I mean, you go with a bigger heavier one and a fight, you know, statistically the bigger the better. But again, these two birds will never see each other except for out of zoo or something like that. So it's not going to happen anyway. If we're talking about looks, they're both so different. Yeah, you can compare the two. The Philippine eagle looks very, very majestic in my opinion. Yeah. The... I agree. Harpy eagle... has this just like... angry look to it. Like constable. Yeah. Like it's gonna come for you at any time. Like it's been through something. That picture where the Philippine eagle was like this though. Yeah. If I... Like, if I'm standing in front of an animal and I see it do that, I'm running. So there's this... So when I was younger, because they're looking at you like, I don't know what you taste like. Yeah. So in Kentucky, there's a ton of... What do they call the... They always look for a roadkill. Buzards. Buzards are everywhere. And it's against the lot of shoot them and kill them. Because they are... They clean up. Yeah, they come in clean up. Because places like Tennessee and Kentucky and probably Mississippi, you got so much roadkill that they come in and it basically cleans it all up. Yeah. But one had gotten hit by a car or something and it broke a wing. And my grandfather actually reached out to the government to get... an okay to kill it. Because it would go into its farm and eat all of its crops and all that kind of stuff. And so this is what's funny. So my dad, me, my dad, I was too young to carry my dad wouldn't let me carry a gun to shoot it. And then my grandfather. And we all... Well, me and my dad split up from my grandfather. And so my dad, he had to go pee. We were in the middle of the woods. So he goes off to the side and pee leaves the rifle with me. I'm already holding up to shoot the rifle. I've been shooting rifles forever. And so he's sitting there peeing and he looks up. And there's the one that we're trying to kill. The buzzer just staring right at him on like a perch. Not even like a pie because it can't fly. Right. Like on a stump. Like it can still jump like a chicken. Where they get a little bit of a glide going. And my dad like freaks out. He's like, I don't even... Where's the gun? Where's the gun? And the bird's gone. Yeah. But that's what made me think. I was like, could you imagine if like that Filipino eagle was just like sitting right there looking at him. That'd be terrifying. Yeah. No, it's just it's analyzing you. Yeah. Oh yeah. He's like how it can rip your face off. Yeah. Go for the jugular. It would be really cool to see both of these birds in person though. Oh yeah. In the wild. I mean, and I don't... I actually don't have an issue with... Like there's ways to bring him back to like I think the Filipino eagle has a good chance of coming back because that means the bald eagle was also on an extension. Extinction list. And now it's like very huge. I mean, it's just you got to really regulate that stuff. Yeah. So guys, if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button. If you want to see our future videos, hit the subscribe button, the bell notification. Don't forget we're trying to hit 100,000 before April. And of course, if you want to support us directly, hit the join button with that being said. My name's Miles. And my name is Fett. Thanks for watching guys. Peace. Oh.