 third I'm going to make a little bit of a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. Good morning, another video, another dollar, another peso. I promise myself I'm going to work on the kitchen today. Today's Monday. The boat surprised me this morning. They didn't show up. No idea. Everything was fine, but they didn't show up. No message, no nothing. I mean, they never write a message. So I will know tomorrow how fully. So anyways, so it's probably better in one sense. So I can concentrate on the kitchen, no interruption for any sort. So let's go and do that. Okay, back to my kitchen. That's a city hard way. I've been asking questions about this boat. And I call up the expert of city hard way to explain to me how I can put thousands of top of this. And be what I'm trying to prove. Such as, probably, need that to do on the kitchen counter. But also in my bathroom. And that's what I said. You can do that. I'm both no problem. I said, well, I have to put like two inches of cement in the bathroom. I said, no, you don't have to. On top of this, you put this mixing with cement. And just put a thin layer with a roller or brush. And let it dry for a little while. Until it's really 100% dry. Then you can install your tile on top. That's for the counter. For the bathroom, it suggests me to use that thing that I'll just show you. And this mixture as the underlay for the bathroom tiling. That's what I need to do. That's what I'm going to do it. But for now, let's concentrate on the kitchen. There's many applications. This is going to be as what the proofy membrane. I'm going to add some good quality cement and mix it through to form a soft, creamy paste. Normally, I should use a roller, but I don't have the roller. I don't know where the roller is. My work is not known here. I'm just going to brush it. You can use a brush as well. This is not that important. For the bathroom, I probably use the roller and put it everywhere. So let's do that. It's a white liquid, you can see. So let's mix some here. Until we get a creamy consistency. Yeah, a lot of cement. I need to break. And I should get an electric mixer, but probably a kitchen one, because it's so little to do. Stop big quantity. I will get there. I'm going to use a little bit of water. I'm going to use a little bit of water. I'm going to use a little bit of water. I'm going to use a little bit of water. The guy told me to scratch it and don't put any water or anything, or grease or oil, just like that. And then you put the products on top. That's what I'm trying to achieve. Obviously that will help to stick better to this board with a film. Finalic board, I think it's called. I just have to do this part here. And then we'll let it dry and then we start tying. I fell out with a mop. She wants to clean the house. I probably need it, but we do a lot of work all around. So, no, no. Baby, you want to break my tiles? Is that what you're trying to do? I love. Baby, no. Good morning. Well, it looks like the boy is not coming back. Second day, they didn't show up. I'm not sure what's happening whether they are sick, both sick. Or one is sick. And can't obviously do the concrete work by itself. I'm not sure. They won't message you. They won't answer your phone. Okay, I will see. Nothing there. We always manage. We just got the visit of the Inlose. We got a two new little puppy. Let's have a look. What's the other one? I'm better than the light head. See, this one is exploring everywhere. But the other one is very shy, doesn't it? Doesn't they come in? Okay, I need to find a name for those two guys. Hello? You have to think, my territory in my house. It's my house, no? No need the bus. I'm going to drop you in the bucket for sure. What's the name? Mommy daddy, this is my doggy. Yeah, you can cuddle. She wants to cuddle. They're only going to hard tour. First occasion we're going to bath you guys. That's for sure. Okay, papa's making a chicken pan. I hope it's enough timber. I mean time. The jam is cooking something nice. That's it? More than Laura, more than all the weeds and planting some stuff. Okay, I got a thing of a name, those two. A male and female. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. Water. Yeah. Okay, I just done it. So I have to let it dry. Maybe a couple of days. I'm sure we'll see how we go. I'm going to eat something. I'm going to try to scrub it out. It doesn't come off. Very hard. I use this to cut my edges 45 degrees. And this square as a guide. That looks pretty good. Let's check it. Looking alright, I think. Your new baby. Hello. Hello. So hard. Papa make you a really nice chicken pan. Really nice. Somebody winging a bell. I think she's too good to bell. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. I'm going to get a little bit of a name. A little bit of a name A little bit of a name. Oh my clents is ... I'm already clean this area and plant the first stuff. Papa finished beautiful chicken pan. Hello guys. Happy? I'm happy. Wow, the clean all this. Okay, all done and painted. I have to do this now. Okay, Papa finished the tughouse. Oh my god. Okay, the tughouse and the chicken house pan is finished. Papa's on it. It's good. That's it. It loads on the way home. I have to do a little work for us. Okay. Hello. Bye. Bye bye. Thank you. Bye bye. Okay, good morning everybody. Another dollar, another peso. Another day. The boys hasn't shown up yet. They just rumors that they've been sick. They are sick. All the tools, probably things are still here anyway, so they haven't gone far. But anyway, that's okay, we're waiting. Today I'm going to concentrate on the kitchen again. I think my top is dry now, so we're going to have a look. But before that, let's give a bath to the dogs. It's cold. Hello. Are you scared? Oh yeah, you're shaky. Don't worry. It's cold. Oh, the other one's waiting for the bath too. She wants to be here. You're going to be your turn too, don't you worry. Just wait. Stay there, stay. Take to the river otherwise. Yeah. Okay, you like the bath? It's cute. I bought myself this little gadget to cut the towel. If I want to put a guide to cut a stride, I could push against something. I can then cut the towel straight if I want to. The depth is about right. Maybe a little bit deeper, maybe. But anyway, that's what I got. You can find this in Lasada. It's very, very cheap. Use a round. Okay, anyway. That bench or kitchen tables ready. And this is much tougher than what I thought. Okay, it's already too tight. But I won't start nudge too late in the day. Tomorrow we are way all day, so Saturday. I'm going to do a little bit of the kitchen table. I'm going to do a little bit of the kitchen table. I'm going to do a little bit of the kitchen table. I'm going to do a little bit of the kitchen table. I'm going to do a little bit of the kitchen table. I'm going to do a little bit of the kitchen table. Okay, I've been asking me many times to give an update on the cost of the house so far. So here is on the screen. 600, 800, three pieces. That's $10,700, etc. Although the house is not really finished, maybe I will estimate 95%. Probably a bit more because most of the stuff have been bought already, like bathroom, kitchen. I still have to buy a pressure water pump. So we'll give an update a little bit later on the total cost of the property. Okay, thank you for watching this video. Until the next video. Take care, God bless. Bye. Bye.