 We've never had jolly bee spaghetti. Guess I'm elderly already. How is everybody doing? Welcome to What's Up Philippines? We are back with another reaction video. Today we are reacting to our friends video about their experiences in the Philippines. So, I worked living. Exactly. This is Jimmy and Todd to close friends of ours. We've actually been in videos together and I text Jimmy almost every day. We are like a WhatsApp group who we always communicate. So, I'm really excited to react to one of their videos. If you don't know us, by the way, I'm Mike. And I'm Meli. We're two lifestyle, travel and food bloggers that are based in Macanthes City here. In the Philippines, we just got back home after being stranded for three months in Shargau. So, if you want to see those videos, check out the playlist on our channel. Right? Here. Right up there. It was quite an adventure, so definitely check it out. And I'm very excited to see this video because Todd and Jimmy visited us here in Manila. It was a very short visit because they were actually leaving the country. Yeah, exactly. Had a very short stop in Manila, but we actually had the opportunity to meet them in person and write it to our home here. And I'm very curious to see how the first reaction is to the Philippines. Because that's the first reaction, like nine things they learned during the first visit. So, okay. Let's jump into those videos. Alright. You'll just take me down there? Yeah. No problem about money. There are certain unique things about the Philippines that can be controlled by your among visitors and travelers. And flash back to the time we were first time traveling to the Philippines. We have always wanted to share our first impression we got with you here. Nice. And here are top 10 first impressions we got from the Philippines that blow our mind away completely as a foreigners. We thought things. We think I'm going to put you in shocking moment and might amaze you as well about the Philippines and in this video. You basically see our first impression towards the Philippines categorized into two main parts, which would be the first impression we got from people of the Philippines and the impression we got from the country itself. Alright. Nice. I think. Nice. I think. I think. I think. Good. That's really good. Yeah. We. If you are solo travelers, especially, or if you want to make local friends wherever you go, you will love it here in the Philippines. There is no problem to make friends here at all. So, it's the model experience. Filipino are great at initiating the conversations. Do you want to do a spaghetti? Oh, okay. They can come up with so many questions to ask you. First thing, man. Yeah. And stories to tell you. And that totally helps you welcome and comfortable as a traveler. Is this your first time? Yeah. Yeah. No, it's okay. Very true. Yeah. Where? Do you get it? Yeah. Yeah. Where are you from this thing? From the Philippines. Yep. She's from Bangkok. I'm happy to meet you. It's up to you. I was in the military and she was going to school. Yeah, we met in South Korea. South Korea. Thank you. That's a thank you. It's impossible that you will feel ignored or lonely in the Philippines as long as you are open to the locals here. Filipino kids will offer high five with your kids. Yes. They're cool. They're cool. I think you're the first. People seem to be very interested when they know you are traveling to their countries. I'm going to play a bit of peanut. And you look like I. And through the next level that we experience, they will even invite you to eat with them in their dream time. They're very cute and kind of excited. They're very cute and kind of excited. Come on. Try it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Good? Yeah. Oh, is it good? Mm-hmm. It makes me so happy. Every sentence seen. Quick stop. I think we can relate on so many points. I actually watched an Instagram story of mine of the moment where we came to the Philippines for the first time and the story said something about children that driving on a motor scooter in Europe. But they all of it was smiling. And that was the first impression that we had. Everybody was smiling and having fun and singing. And you know, just greeting us. And it was just so heartwarming for us that we even said like something must be wrong. Why are these people so friendly? So true. And then with the food, like inviting us to join in the meal. And it doesn't matter where we travel to, it's always going to be something to actually somebody says, come on. Come on eat with us. Try this. Kind of. And it's like. The last time when we went to the island and the boys were drinking and they're like, you can't drink with us. Yeah, can drink with us. Some handwired rum with coconut. Yeah. They were really happy that Mike took a sip. I'm just to end with Po. We experience this greatly in terms of Selamat Po. Which at first we think all together means thank you. And then after spending time in the Philippines for a while, we came to find out that it's actually so hard to find the exact meaning for Po. Po is added among the Filipinos basically to show politeness. It's kind of like saying Ka or Ka in Thailand. Speaking of politeness, it seems like in the Philippines it is common to address everybody as maim or sir. Yeah. Which the title is not about feeling superior or inferior or the status of hierarchy, but simply a matter of showing respect. Greater respect in my opinion because not only did we hear it from the waitress or waitress is in the restaurants, call us sir or maim, but anybody we met called us sir or maim. Seriously. We know other country where we were called sir or maim as frequently as we were in the Philippines. That's that actually. Okay. Quick stop. I think that's also something that we realized being here in the Philippines. No matter where we go, everybody addresses us sir and maim. Meanwhile, people do us by the names. So they say hi, maim, hi Nelly. But usually when we are formal, somewhere in a restaurant or formal. Anyway, people are so polite and it's actually very deep in the culture that they show respect towards other people, especially elderly. So there's the saying, yes I'm elderly already. I feel elderly. And when they address you as queer and art, they actually mean big brother or big sisters. So that's very kind and just shows how close they are with people. And yeah, I really like it. So in the average age in the Philippines, I am the elderly. From the karaoke. Of course. Yes. The first thing you get is a red horse and you hear karaoke. Philippines is the land of karaoke and singing. We notice people singing karaoke. It was invented in the Philippines. We thought it was somewhere. Karaoke. Oh, thank you. But you like the song karaoke and the time recording. I have some karaoke. Yeah. But you they heard it and it should be said. Actually, Philippines, most of Philippines are really good at being gay. Yes. And there are a lot of karaoke here too. Speaking of that. If it's not karaoke, it's just people just singing. Which is really nice. So you had a singing session with George at Ace Hardware Store. Yes. Everybody gathered around them and they really loved listening to them. And then the second time, also with George, where you and George were jamming in Ilo-Ilo, also at the mall in a guitar store. And then another guy, a Filipino, was sitting right next to you and started playing. And people were just enjoying each other's company. And we went to a karaoke bar. Karaoke bar, which was a very first for us. Meaning that we went there with our Filipino friends and even sang Filipino songs. You know, it's a mall guitar. Something like that. There are a lot of videos on our Marychannel making a half-log. So one of them is my pop-up right here. Anywhere we go, we will always see the dominance in McDonald's, which the popularity among locals and number of stores seem to outweigh the local fast food restaurant of fast food chain. Of course, McDonald is world's largest food service organization. However, here in the Philippines, we instead notice more numbers of local fast food set up, especially the popularity of Jollybee. Which we see them more than we see McDonald's. One advantage of Jollybee had was offering hamburgers and other fast food with the distinct Filipino flavor. The burgers are very different. The burgers have pineapple. Yeah, the lower burger. It tastes sweet as my own. Yeah, pineapple with... She... The burger is very, very crispy. Very good. You made one in Miami. Yeah, let's say it's better than McDonald's definitely. For instance, Jolly's spaghetti has sweet meat sauce with hot dog slice. Fun fact, Jollybee has kept it more than... No. What? We've never had Jollybee spaghetti. What? We've never had Jollybee spaghetti. Wait, but I thought you ordered every item on Jollybee. Breakfast item. Oh... Oh... Just realized that right now. No, no, no. We're living here for over here. I'm still new experiences to be done. Yeah. Well, obviously. 65% market share of hamburger market in the Philippines. So here, if you are in the Philippines and sometimes you feel the need of having some burgers, some fast food, fried chicken, or spaghetti, the best way to still feel local Filipino style taste and eat fast food at the same time, you should not miss Jollybee then. To be honest with you, before going to the Philippines, we have no idea what is the history behind the country itself. We have just heard about the beauty of the country from so many people who met while traveling. But when we arrived there, all the names, either street name, city name, island name, people name, what is your name again? The city, a thing, a thing, a tagalog. Be your name. Some sentences sound so Spanish to us. Yeah. So Spanish influence. Yeah. Some architecture also look very Spanish influence. Some of people know that they can speak Spanish. Together with Tagalog and English. Fun fact though, do you know that even the name of Philippines itself was given to Anna the king, Philip the second of Spain? Food in the Philippines offers. I really like that they do not just visit the Philippines as a tourist destination, but also want to know more about this. Which is very important because the Philippines has such a rich culture and history. And yeah, it's something that more people should know. Yeah, yeah. And also you should check out the other videos of the diverse living. They have some awesome videos about the Philippines, but also around the whole world. I think they are actually traveling right now in South America. So the channel will pop up right here. A variety of tastes that cater to almost everybody is liking. But one noticeable thing that Filipinos is fond of is eating pork. You will be able to get pork everywhere you go, especially in Seibu. One of the more popular foods of the Philippines on special occasions is Leshaan, which is a whole pig roasted over a charcoal fire. For the meat lovers, you will love the Philippines. And for vegetable lovers, you really won't see as much vegetables. You will see some, but you will mainly see lots of meat. How many in the Philippines is it? So first thing, I think we can pronounce Leshaan the wrong way as well. We also used to say Leshaan like that. And then we learned more about it and now we know it's Leshaan. And there are different types of Leshaan. But yeah, we did a whole video about, first of all, Mike was a Lachoneer for one day. So we went to Lidia's Lachone and he experienced how the Lachoneer is getting prepared. And then we also went to Seibu. We traveled all around the island to find the best Lachoneer. Yeah, in one video we had Carcala Chon, Rico's Lachone, Subuchon, House of Lachone, and CNT. Yeah, so... Pop up right here. There's no problem. If you are in need of help, you will get help and money does not matter in this case. Wow. So true. And I would say this is actually really, really shocking to me. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey. Uh, Punang Punang Waterfall? Hello. Punang Punang. Punang Punang. Hey. Can you see it? Yeah. It should be right down there, right? This man, to guide you, I have like a team bag. It's just my pocket, man. I know, I know, I can't afford it, guys. I have no faith. Okay, me, ma. You just... You just take me down there. Yeah, no problem about money. Okay. All right, thank you. When we broke down in southern Seibu on our motorbike, we were far, far away from the city limits where we can't get the motorbike fixed. We were stranded, but the Filipinos came to help us and fix the motorbike. Yeah, we had the first move. When we offered the money, they did not want any money in return. Oh. So awesome. Okay. We had so many experiences where people just offered us to accompany us. So, you know, coming from a European country, you kind of feel like at first, at first, I have to mention that. At first, you feel like, okay, I feel obligated to give you money, or maybe this person is going to trick me into something because we're just simply not used to it. Also, where Jimmy was not expecting this man to help him out for free. And we also had it with our motorbike when it broke down. Kids actually helped us to bring it to the next petrol station. And we had so many kindness, so much kindness along the way. And it's just, they make it their priority to help you without anything in return. Yeah. I think it's a good attitude. And I believe karma will pay back what you give. Yeah, so true. Yeah. You do. Absolutely stunning. Both the scenic and the people. So nice. Let us know in the comments below if you feel like these things we share with you will blow your mind away as well as we hope this video is helpful for you in managing your expectations on what you might see and experience while being in the Philippines. By no means do we want to criticize this country. We are here to basically share our experience we have had with you and we do believe that once in a lifetime you have to visit this country. The Philippines has plenty to offer to everybody. Either the best island getaways, mountains, stunning nature, food, culture and even people. Thank you so much for watching. And if you're planning your trip to the Philippines make sure you check out our travel essential and packing checklist completely free at DivertLiving.com or below in the description box. Such a cool video. Yes, really nicely done. I love how they captured everything. The way it actually is. There is no... And it's a nice combination of like the facts but also the emotional fact which is really cool. And you're only seeing people smiling, that's the Philippines. Yeah, yeah. So awesome. Alright guys, definitely head over to DivertLiving.com, subscribe, give us some love, check out their Philippines videos and also if you're new around here. Subscribe. Turn on the notifications. And ding ding ding and like this video. I will see you guys next time on Wapsut Philippines. Sorry I just skipped you. Bye bye. Bye bye.