 Hi, my name is Guja, welcome back to my channel, welcome to my channel with a lot of of you for the very first time. Today, as you can see by the title, we are going to be trying Filipino smacks. Finally, thank you so much Chris for sending this to my side. I really, really appreciate it. I really appreciate it. I have already done an unboxing video for this when I reached Ravjiki. We let a fan unbox that time. And since there was a note inside of it which said, please make a vlog where you are going to be cooking a champurrado and a mukbangish review where you are eating in general. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm eating this cracker as well. Believe me, for some reason it wasn't happening that I can do it right at the same time. It took a little bit time, but here I am doing it. I already got the champurrado as you can see. I have one packet, one packet is still left and then there is the thing. We will be talking about it in detail as well and we will be reviewing this and tasting and mukbang and everything in this video. It's going to be super fun. But before that, I hope you have subscribed to my channel and also with the notification bell right next to it. So you don't miss out any further updates. You can follow me on my Instagram, Twitter and Facebook. And all the links will be in the description box. I've updated my description box over the website. I hope it's there a bit more detailed now. And if you want a shout out, you have to be my Patreon and the link is in the description box. Please support me so I can come to Philippines by the end of the year. I really want to. We want to meet you guys. I want to see everything that I'm seeing on screen right now, live in person. I think I'm going to stay there forever then, but maybe. Okay, okay. So let's go for it. I have, I'm going to be doing champurrado, other second section of this, not this one, because I did cook this and eat it in another outfit. And I filmed it in another way. So we'll be talking about the later. I don't think you're in those videos in it. But for now, let's go with this. Crosi food sunflower crackers. I smell so good. And I didn't have to eat because my stomach was a little upset. So I just kept this in my parents' room. So I don't smell the beauty. I don't smell this. Okay. Because I knew if I smell this, I'm going to try to eat it and that's not good because I need to like give my body some time to like heal and not just like eat. So finally, today's the day. I'm so excited. Okay. It says sunflower brand crackers, sunflower flavor. Sorry, strawberry, flavor cream sandwich. Okay. And we open this when we are doing our boxing. So it's going to be a little bit easier. Oh my god. The smell isn't same. That will slide up again. Here's what it is. Let me try it. It's starting. Opening. Better idea. Oh my god. I am so excited. It smells so good. I'm going to try and scrub with this thing in the box. So that's fine. Oh, so cute. Okay. I'll go for it. Smells amazing. Mmm. Mmm. It's good. It means the food is really good. Mmm. I want to describe why I'm going to eat this one first. Okay. I've eaten enough. This is so good. This is so soft. The biscuits are extremely soft. I love it. Also, the cream that's in between of this. Strawberry sometimes really does get a little bit more sweet. I do like strawberry, but of course I prefer chocolate. But this is like when you taste it. It's sweet and savory at the same time. It really melts in my mouth. And I don't have a lot of sweet taste. The strawberries also, I don't know, the smell is amazing. The food right when it goes into like, it melts. I love it. I love it. This is the best crackers. I think we do have crackers now. In India, we have like a different type of biscuits, of course, everywhere. It's different type. But recently I did have crackers once. They were cheese crackers or something, but they were very expensive. And then you only get that in like online because you don't get an store around me. This is amazing. This is amazing. I don't even know how I'll make a thumbnail for this one. But thank you Chris. Thank you so much. This is amazing. Indian Triangular Pino Snacks. And I totally approve with the two things I'll try and it's amazing. Not just me, I should in my family. I'm going to let my family taste this as well. But Champurrador, I'm coming to talk about it. Everyone ate it so well. Everyone was like, oh my god, this is so good. We're going to get there. I'm going to eat this one first and close this now because all of that is key beating and we'll not be able to film the video. Yeah. I mean, wow. Wow. It's a little too late. So many things. I've never done a mukbang. So I don't know how to eat while talking at the same time because when you talk while eating, of course, people can see what you're eating and study about. And just sometimes I think it's not very... I don't know. Not many people can like the sight. Okay. And I'm really conscious about it. If something like that really happens, I don't want to like come out dirty. I don't want it to seem like that. But oh my god, this was... this is amazing. This is amazing. The crackers are so good. I mean, I don't think I can stop eating them once you start eating it. I'm pretty sure I'm going to get half of the box done today. And of course, I'm going to try my best to let everybody around me so they can also taste flu illness. Thanks. It'll be really great. Again, thank you so much for this. This was amazing. I loved it. Kuking time, champorato. you you you you I think we still have time. I think we still need time. It says 8 to 10 minutes. But it's been already 8 minutes. I don't know. This is how it should look. So we're going to give it more time. Okay, let's see. I'm excited. It smells really chocolatey. I think it's getting a little bit thicker. But I think it's still a little bit of... I need to give it a time. I need to taste this. I need to see if it's like properly cooked or not. So I'm just going to do that. But it's thick enough. I think it's quite thick. It smells really good. My mouth is watering. And we're going to see soon. Okay, so I finally made champorato. It smells amazing. I hope I can give this smell to you. What since you have tried it. So I'm pretty sure you can imagine this smell. Or you can have like... if you have a try it. It is like chocolate. Look at me. I'm drooling already. Okay, well, Kuking, I was drooling as well. Okay, I want to say sorry because for some reason I had no idea that I was going to be filming this one today. So... Okay. So... I don't wash my hair. I'm really sorry for it. And I had to dye it up. I look ridiculous. So I'm not going to be filming like the only drool I'll draw and everything in this one. I'm really sorry plus I don't know what happened. Suddenly this eye started getting extremely irritated. So I had to take the lens off. And that's the lens. And that's my right-brown. So that's how it's going to be. Like one eye and one eye. Because I can't wear the lens. I had the lens with me here. But I got it. Because it's stinging right now at this point. I did...just did. It's been 90°C right now. And I looked horrible in that as well. But I wore the lens for that. I kept watering, kept watering. So for some... I think for some time I need to like just go with not wearing anything here. It's my numbered lens, whether or not I'll let me just tell you that. Okay, okay. I don't want this to like get cold or anything. Okay, I just added like extra sugar on top of it. Because I do think when I taste a little bit, I think we need a little bit more sugary. Because that's what they say you can add milk and everything later on. So we just take a little for it. First bite is always for berries. So my first time being kind of mukbang is not like mukbang but... It's not focusing. Sorry, I filmed my phone. Okay, I'm drooling already. Hmm. Hmm. The chocolate is so well cooked. Why does it look like a bastard? Okay, I'm scared because if I open my teeth and I think it'll be something stuck. No, not really. If it is, I'm sorry, I have never done anything like eating on screen and then posting it. So I don't know how to like, I don't know the manners to eat. I'm sorry, but... Right, it's probably cooked. I'm thankful for that. I did a good job. And the chocolate powder that I ate for dinner, I don't really taste the powder. It tastes like actual chocolate and rice and it's really, really soft. It kind of melts in your mouth. It also gives you like really sweet taste. I love it. I said this before, I really like chocolate and I'm not a big fan of rice, I would say. But I'm okay with rice, you know. I would say I'm a big fan of rice. But if my rice consists of chocolate, I'm going to eat it. I also like added a little bit of milk in it to add the thickness of it. But I do not have condensed milk or cream. I just added normal milk. And then I just added a little bit of more sugar on top of it. But I love it. Then I have another one. This is not exactly like very hot right now. But I don't think I like this more cold. How do you serve it like hot? I think a cold is going to be better because we... This is like a rice porridge. That's why it says also on the top. And we have rice porridge too. We call it keel. You can search. You can search. It's a good rati. Maybe it's a good rati. Maybe it's Indian sweet. Sweet rice porridge. And we also have... I love keel away too much. So this is like chocolate keel. But it's from Philippines. I love it. Absolutely enjoyed. And I made this like 5 balls as I said. My family is going to try it too. So probably going to take the reaction on camera. It's going to be fun. It's the first time I'm introducing them. So I hope it goes well. But I'm going to try the one. Then I'll eat good food. I don't. Look at that. I'm sorry. Today I have seen everything. Not right lenses. See I don't have any problem with my natural eye color. I'm just saying I have only have this lens right now. It's numbered lens. So I have to wear it. Hmm. Okay. I have oily hair. I have no makeup. And I have... I don't know. Something in my teeth as well today. And I really, really enjoyed it. And the next time enjoying is going to be with my family as well. So I'm going to sign up from this video right now. And we'll continue the crackers video tasting and bookbang and everything in another outfit. I'm really sorry. But yeah. I love it. Thank you so much Chris. My name is Champo Rado. Oh my god. I said this even when I was like eating Champo Rado. You think it's a good thing to eat. I'm going to eat it. And I was like eating Champo Rado. You think it is very similar to our rice porridge. We call it keir. If you can, please try to eat keir because it's also very delicious. I love keir. Both of the things, again, but our keir is usually made with milk and oil water. Even in this one, actually I did add a little bit of milk later on. Not condensed milk. I added milk just to thicken it up. And I thought maybe we would love a flavor like that. That's why. But I was really, really good. I did prefer it after I cooled it rather than eating it hard. Because even keir, I don't really like it. But it's really, really hard. I cooled it like no. I cooled it and freezer. Sometimes it looks like an ice cream. Rice porridge ice cream. And chocolate flavor. I mean wow. Brilliant. So what happened is I even took my parents and my mom's best friends reaction because it was Sunday. And that's when I decided to make it. So everybody can taste it. And we can have like a no feast with another food as well. So I was like, I'll take the reaction of everyone. And I did. And it was so good. And you know what? I just tried to see what today. And somehow the videos don't open anymore. Only the two videos. My eating video is there thankfully. But I can't open the video when my dad and my mom and her best friend is eating and saying, whatever they wanted to say about how they found the taste. I'm upset about it. But probably I will post about this when I make another jump or other like the another packet. And another packet as well. Thank you so much for giving me in bunch because I really really loved it. I'm going to even try to like make my friends eat it. I've already told them when we have night stay away from top rather because they haven't of course tasted it. They weren't here when I tried to make it. So it would be great fun. And you really really really love this. If I had to pick both from both of these, I'll say the crackers. I'm sorry. But I really love this. I always wanted to buy like such food and from Amazon pantry or something like that. But the shipping and everything becomes very expensive. I even tried like getting lucky mean rules since it has been I did promotes them. I really wanted to taste it. Especially the cheese one. Oh my god. But one small like not even this. One small packet is like about a thousand rupees for me. Thousand rupees converting. I don't know. But thousand rupees a small packet is just wait and without shipping that is. It's without shipping. So I like to curse step back as like I don't know if I can order or just probably work hard to go to full repeat that needed there. Yeah. But yeah I really really like I loved it. Not right. I loved it. Thank you so much. Okay. Thank you so much for this. And I will see you guys next time. Bye, bye. Love you.