 ZA I'm in love with you I love you Ahoi You ready? Yes! You have to thank you one with that, right? I do Mabuhay kaya Pakee subscribe And pin-duting in Kampana Pala ka Kampi Welcome Nakayos Sa sayilalim ng putting ilout challenge And ito ako ngayon Sabahay ng mga magulang ko Plakpakan natin yun mga magulang ko At ito, ito si Tataay check Yung Tataikot Do you think you're going to win? Do you think you have a chance of winning this challenge? No Ahoi In part one ng paksubok na ito Mayrong pitong contestants Mga comment kayo kung sinong pabrituño At smash, yung notification dao Para malaman pag na ilabasang part two Up your time Sa sayilalim ng putting ilout You guys standing up asyo Thank you Thank you You welcome not in the stage Zoot Orange How can you? How can you? Anong kinain mo kinin na A boobo At sa tingin mo maka ka tulong ba ito Sa pagkantamu Eh what? Maka ka naalong ka ba? Pasapok Without any further ado, mangaka kampi Plakpakan natin yun mga magulang Staiilalim ng putting ilout Plaiilang Paipagasakabang menalo Ang ikos support yung raming salamat aharje Anong kinain mo kina Anong kinain mo kina How old are you? 17 17 okay, at sa tingin mo Mananalo ka ba? Probably not How long have you been a professional singer? Like two years now, I'm actually a tour So do you think, you know, with your professional singing background, Na mananalo ka mayo? Yes, 100% I am confident that I will win Open it to break the glass Everybody raise your hands Do the horse love the horse Staiilalim ng putting ilout I'm really like this girl Okay, Sanja, come on Um, you carry your coat Just like this now That's good Jiyam, lakikang tindikabas atan mo siya sa yung minyong Of course So, susubukan natin si Jiyong Back it ke ba, Mananalo I think so Ah Sa ilalim ng putin ilout Ah Ah I'm fruptingin mo, nenalo ka ba? I think my inspiration Was mostly derived from Um, I would have to say it was the bilo bilo It's the one that put it in the bilo bilo Brahmik salam doon it's a bilo bilo So, Anapan ka gawin mo na yon? I do think I can make this professional career Great, awesome, well, thank you, thank you Okay, yaw, thank you And mo kakikampi mo ganda kayo Ito ang talang at talang hindi hintaayong buong gabi Si Si Handa ka nabah Sa ilalim ng putin ilout Oh Okay, well, thank you so much Thank you And yung next No, please And kapur Thank you so much first of all for Just making this party so great She's prepared all this Oh, everything, she prepared the cookie cakes Are you ready? Yes! I'm going to eat the rest of the rice I'm going to eat the rice So, Anapan si namin Manjong nawalakas sa mga salita sa pantang duro Do you think that was because of the dobel-like cooked? I think it was because of the cooked So, the cookie cakes made you forget the lyrics at the end Thank you so much Thank you so much I do I do Upanganang Part 2 Sadarating the week featuring Mei Nanai Laila, Anghilo, Puting Pinoy At Richard looks Pinoy but isn't Oh, you know it Mirami pang drama, Kulitan, At Katuaan Sadarating the Part 2 Kayak smash that notification bell Quick, all the cool kids are doing it At Kayang Kayamori Magingi song ke kampili to And at least seven of them are good