 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today we are reacting to how powerful is Philippines now, 2021, Philippine military capabilities. Before we hop in, we've done this same type of video for most of the other countries that we cover. And sometimes the data can be quite off. So we don't know. So you guys let us know in the comments if the data is off and this, we're just going off of the video as it is. To be fair, that video that we were talking about before we started filming was, I believe it's Malaysia. And they were off by like 20 million people. It was like a huge difference. But it's like, one of the comments was like, where do you get your information? It was like from this video that we were, what do you react to? Yeah, we didn't make this video. We're just reacting to this video. Also, before we hop in, I want to give a big shout out to our newest member, Mad Sharizl. Sorry if I'm this pronounced your name. But thank you. It's going to be right here in a peaceful footer right here. Thank you so much for becoming a member of the commodity. We truly appreciate it. And if you'd like to become a member, click the join button down below this video. We'd love to have you in there. And we do have two different levels. Level one, once it seems like one day it feels like the sun's about to come out. And then the next day it is just down for all day long. But once things kind of level out, when we go through our drought season, I guess, we'll start doing some videos that will go to level one and two. Level two will be, hopefully once we get things back to normal, will be early access by at least one day for each video before the next day. Because right now I think we're kind of pacing same day, same edit kind of thing. Yeah. Like this video we're actually filming the day before. So I'm going to try to at least get this video done before we post it tomorrow. Right. So you ready to hop in? Let's hop on in. And if you know the location of this, I hope it's not saying, yeah, it doesn't say, of this company or what it is, the name of the company, that's what I'm trying to ask. Let me know down in the comments. Members and facts, this may not be on today in Lawrence, specifically. At least he lets us know. Yeah. Well, he did last time. This is a guy that was way off. 585,000 total personnel. 125,000 active personnel. OK, when he goes to a population, we're going to pause it. I'm going to look it up. Or I don't know. Well, he did the population for the Malaysia, I believe. 460 reserve. 460,000. Yeah, how's that? Not very big reserve. 2,334,200 military age annually. Reaching military age. So question. So I believe neither Indonesia or Malaysia were required. I believe Singapore was to join the military. So in the Philippines, are you required to do a certain amount of service in the military? Yeah. You know, it's crazy. So again, I've been watching a lot of stuff about North Korea because I feel really bad for the people. But everybody has to be in the military. Men and women. And you have to put it in like, I thought it, I think it said, like 20 or 30 years. Really? Yeah. I don't know if that's exactly accurate. It was like over, it was like 10 years or more. And you can kind of get it shortened if you're good enough to go and to educate. It was crazy. So. Yeah, that sounds insane. Yeah. And if you're served in your military, let us know. Yeah. Oh, air support aircraft. 26. I love how they use these prop airplane. Yeah. Three special missions. I think those are like reconnaissance or radar, whatever, those kind of things. 24 trainer. I hope those aren't them because those look like they're from World War II. 23 transport planes. I like how on this one too, it tells you the type of plane at the bottom. I don't think you did that in the last one. Yeah, but however, it seems like are all 23, specifically the same plane. Right. And most come trees don't have the exact same plane. The C-130 is a bad dude though. Like when Tanya, Tanya, when my ex-wife went to Iraq, they, when they got to, I forget, it's been, she's been out of the army for 10 years at least. So it's been a long time. She was part of Operation Iraqi Freedom. And whenever they fly in from Paris or wherever, the friendly, they fly out and see one thirties because they have to do special maneuvers to land as if they're getting shot at. So they're doing basically like going down like this. She's telling me is the worst thing she's ever been in. Because they're like strapped in. She's like, I don't know how to jump out of a plane. So if it messed up, we were screwed. Right. Right. I don't know. I really don't. They even put a lot of helicopters. Yeah. They're like, OK, there's quite a few. OK, so just general helicopter in these attack. Super cobras. 57. Let's go over here. I'm not sure what TBR stands for. There's a car company. TBR. Seven tanks, scorpion tanks. That's cool. Look at mobile vehicle. It's like a lot of armored vehicles compared to the other vehicles we've watched. I think a. But again, what's classified as an armored vehicle? I think it's anything that can. So like in the US, they used to use humbys. And when they started to up armor them after when they started going into Afghanistan and then Iraq, they start because of the IEDs. They started armoring them. I think those classify as armored vehicles now. But we don't use them. Is this vehicles or those Confederate considered? If they're armored, if they got like a certain amount of armor, I'm sure. And then you have like the US uses em wraps now. So and I think that's basically what an em wrap is right there. It's just that one's looks like it's actually built to carry people on the back. Those new Malaysian armored vehicles were pretty cool. Those were really. I don't know if they've gone through. I know they built it. I don't know if the military actually went ahead and purchased some. But you guys. Why not? Usually it's sexy. Most of the time when it comes to that stuff, the government will use very specific companies. And they fund, because that one was privately funded. Right. The one in Malaysia. Like here it's like M3, what is it called? Or L3? L3 or Bell or any of these large companies. They're directly funded by the government. Right. To make very specific things. So I don't think anything that's just like, we're going to make this and then it gets purchased. It's usually like these, since they are tied so closely to the US and also, who did they say that they're also tied really close to? Spain. I think so. So they might be buying from the Spanish or from us. Or even Australia. I don't know if Australia is a big designer. I know Australia has been purchasing in the past. They've purchased from other countries besides the US. But who's to say? I don't know. I don't know this information. Inside aircraft. So, I'll answer, which is becoming a thing in the past. See, the problem is, so the problem with these are, planes are flying higher than these can even shoot. I was watching a whole entire thing about it. They were like, these type of guns, because they work like a projectile, like a gunshot. And they can only go so far. So they have to be rocket propelled at this point. Because like, for instance, people talk about, like I've brought up the F-35, because I think it's cool as hell. It's the, you remember on Avengers, the very first one, where they're in the thing that's flying above the air with all the things, and they're trying to keep it up. And then a guy comes up in a hairier style jet. And he's shooting at Hulk. And he's like, you need to stay back. And he's sitting there just shooting at it, hovering. That's an F-35 lightning, too. That's the Marine Corps. Like they have three different versions of that jet. And one of them is the Marine Corps version, which is like, number letter C or whatever. And it hovers. But those fly so high, because they're all about stealth. And being able to see people before they get anywhere near you, to the point where, because it's not meant for air-to-air combat. But those can't even hit them. And that's any, what do they call those, generation five, I believe, jets, whether it's made from us or Russia or China. None of these can even touch them anymore. And I think they're going to wind up getting rid of them if they haven't already. And then they'll have to move over to Rockefeller, air-to-air missiles. Yeah. 166. Probably the same concept as Indonesia, where they're trying to just protect their area. Like they don't need crazy amounts. Right. So the Corvette model. So they explain the Corvettes are like really fast ships. And I have watched a little bit of stuff. Like Corvettes don't go really, really far because they'll have to run back, refuel, reload, do all that kind of stuff. And go back to, I want to even say that the US military has almost dropped Corvettes altogether. Really? Yeah. They're using this like really cool. I know we're watching the Philippines video. And I keep on going back to the US. But that's just like, you all, you're watching a Filipino reaction. I watch US reactions stuff. That's kind of why I enjoy this. It's not like kind of doing this. So the only thing that I have to compare it to are things that I've watched. And that's the way the US works. And the US works, they have a what's it called? A where they carry all the planes. The transport? Yeah, where they take off. I can't even think of the words. Aircraft carrier? Duh. And so they send out certain ships all the way around it to protect it because they call it basically a floating city. And so everything that's on this, one thing, is literally the competition, the powerhouse. And so all these other boats and submarines and all that stuff, which the US is also kind of doing weird things with their submarines. But Corvettes are kind of, they're fast, but they're not strong. And they don't, you know, it's just like one of those things that are kind of on its way out. Because there's a new class. That's coming out. 76 control ships. That's one of the big ones. The patrol ships. US uses those a lot too. So that makes sense. The numbers add up. We'll put three billion. That's more than I was anticipating. That is a lot more than I was anticipating. That's a pretty good budget. It's not stupid like ours. Yeah. Guys, if this information was correct, and you liked this video, go ahead and hop on his channel and subscribe. Because his videos are well put together, unfortunately, I guess. Some of his stuff isn't always us to par. But he tells you beforehand. Yeah, it tells you at the beginning that it might not be accurate. So I enjoy watching videos like this. It gives you a different perspective on these different countries. Without all the extra, I don't know. Right. It gets straight to the point. That's what I like about them. Yeah. Ooh, Spain versus the Philippines. Let us know down in the comments if you'd like to see that video. I would like to see that video. Yeah. So just for fun facts, I was literally talking about it. My dad is we're Bosque, which is North Western Spain, from technically South France. So I do have a, I've been to Spain. I got family there. It's an amazing place. When I say my last name, they tell me nope. And they're like, it's with a, whatever. I don't care. I absolutely love Spain. Yeah, anything else you want to add? No. Let us know if there's any inaccuracies. Let us know if there's any videos that you want us to see or react to. And with that being said, my name is Miles. And my name is Feds. Thanks for watching, guys. Peace out.