 1, 2, 3, bye! Is it good? My name is Blood 2, be sure to be 3! Yay! Yay! Yay! Next, Simira! Are you... Me? I am you? You are! Thank you! My eyes are so itchy right now because yesterday I took enough while taking contact lens. So, so itchy! So, like you? Okay. You're so... Thank you! Do you like me? Okay. Today I found an interesting video. It's called 8 Days in the Philippines. 8K? Yeah! I don't know the meaning but I think it's so interesting. Right? So today we are going to react 8K in the Philippines! Before watching this video, please subscribe our channel and follow our Instagram! And don't forget to sign in Japan! Let's go! Let's go! Okay! The thumbnail is so beautiful but we don't know the meaning, right? Yeah! So many YouTubers react to these videos. Pumping like cloning. Wow! Is it sad video or not? We don't know! So let's watch it! Oh! Oh! The wrong! So I'm traveling today to this country called... The Philippines! Toronto Philippines! It's more fun and the Philippines! Oh! It's more fun! It's more like playing in the Philippines! Yay! It's more fun! It's more like a fine-loved app! Wow! I know! I am a sweetheart! It's more like a Philippines! Oh! It's also fun! It's more like a Philippines! It's Starbucks! C ip diagnное a coconut block. Tropi chopped rice. It's so fun! Uh! Oh! I think the ISHOcrosstalkcm людейciилаa. Oh. I think we do that in a comedy yes! I like talking about cars with random people smile! Smile!不會 Mmmm! Smile! Smile! This is your private island! I want to see if I can have food, water, I realized key travel to the Philippines for 8 days right? I feel like nostalgic Oh my country You can't go to get hair I can't go to get hair It's so emotional for me People are so happy in the Philippines right? Okay, so keep watching I gave up my valuables, my drone and my entire wallet and checked out at the hotel to hit the streets It's a bad idea For water I say I'm thirsty Thank you It's so good It's pretty thirsty What's better to eat? For food I say I lost my wallet and leave It's so good It's like a shelter It's a bit hard but then I meet this guy I'll tell you He takes me in, buys me food, I can use food He gets me in his bag There is still good in this world Thank you Money I'm a full day tour at this hour and we'll cost you 20 bucks And maybe $25 for this one Now you're not going to go in a day, I don't have to get a haircut every single day But what I think you might like to do is drink So cheap and that you'll be This包 of mine costs $1.50 That's right, second one You can add a coin or two You'll be sitting there Enjoy I want some food I'm so sorry What? What's in the food? Oh my god What's in the food? You will get born at the 5-7 You think it's a little small fish that love you and the gigantic fish that does not give a damn about you There is a Japanese shipwreck hiding right under your feet That's the rule And your salt water is when you're down There's always a way I think I'll find this one And it's here Oh my god, it's so nice It's beautiful That's 1 minute See you in Kamala What's happening? It's happening So beautiful, yeah Travelling movie And it has a lot of stories If you watch this movie, 40 years Want to go to Phidepins? Yeah People are so kind, they praise you, so beautiful, who does all these honorable praise Keep watching What the... My eyes are so itchy I'm not crying You get what? There's nothing about that She's standing in a perfect construction at 2400-6 meters Oh my god I'm not a 5% of her sister, not a foodie in Japan And three times that a poor school is stopped It's a foodie, yes, not a foodie, thanks And you don't have a foodie, she's beautiful That's me on, that's 1 minute See you in Japan For the past 5 days, Kamala is taking the richest bars of the Philippines And so it's easy for me to believe that all the Philippines looks like this Yeah, yeah, yeah But it's not, you arrive here at the trash mouth Where people live in such extreme poverty that the air is unpleasant to smell But this isn't just this area, 25% of the Philippines live under the poverty line I think a more appropriate one is, it's more fun in 75% of the Philippines Why are we in the U.S. of the world? I said it before, I'm gonna say it again The Philippines is cheap Which means you don't need many dollars to come here and see this piece of food It also means you don't need many dollars to help those that need help It's so cheap in here that we can buy this burger with me at all Or 20 cents And with that you can be 1000 people This is a total of 1000 people Wow Yes, cheap, yes Yes, cheap, yes Oh, yes, this is the last one I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm underc הזz I'm underc опыт After watching this video, I realize how video is good It's very nice to do this Yes Firstly, I saw something else I didn't understand the meaning But, no, I also understand it Oh I hope so many japanese people watch this one Yes... no Japanese people? People only know Philippine, Tebu, Miami, yeah Beautiful buildings, beautiful sea Go back Japan Yeah, yeah, yeah Three days for day We need eight days, right? We have Philippine beautiful Beautiful meaning is not only like really thing Oh, sea but also like people's kind Like drinking fun This is so amazing Why I cannot go to the Philippine side now I feel like Mmm Oh Yeah So noisy Stop Oh, oh this is so good Thank you so much for letting me know this is good And I also wanted more like beautiful good movies or videos So please let me know if you have recommended video Thank you so much Today too Thank you so much for watching If you like this video, please subscribe And turn on my Instagram And also I'm in the fan See you on the next video, bye bye