Mabuhay lets cook today
a beef kare kare
one of my favorite Filipino dishes
We gonna first cook the beef for a long time, gently to make it nice and soft
okay I'm gonna add one cube of beef
stock to give it a nice taste
last time by the way guys I made the
Filipino style spaghetti Jollibee thank you
so much for all your comments and it was
really nice all the likes and shares
that you did so thank you so much for
that if you did not watch the video yet
you can watch it here later thank you
okay so I'm gonna reduce the heat a bit
cover this and let it boil for long time
in the meantime I'm going to chop up
some onion and garlic
onion and garlic is ready so let's put it
aside I have lots of nice fresh
vegetables today so I already washed
these ones, the string beans and egg plant let
me just make these a bit smaller
so there were a lot of suggestions this
time from you guys to make some healthy
Filipino food and I've seen dishes I've
seen comments from people from Mindoro,
Leyte, from Batangas, from many different places in
the Philippines so thanks a lot in one
of the suggestions was beef kare kare
also Bulalo and somebody suggested
just rice with fresh fish which seems to
be a dish from Leyte so anyway I want
to make some some more healthy Filipino
dishes with more vegetables and this is
one of them so please enjoy guys is this
the way you cut egg plant?
it's almost 6:30 guys and it takes more time for the beef
to get really soft so hopefully I'll be
finishing before it gets dark
anyway I'm already very hungry
I got a good amount of the beef stock
The water or beef stock has almost been
evaporated so I'm gonna add a little
cooking oil to make the beef crispy.
Wow
look at that! It's getting a nice color.
So the beef is tender, very soft but on the
outside it is crispy.
Okay I'm taking the beef out...
...guys. Looks nice and let's set it
aside for a while
Delicious Beef
okay I'm gonna
add butter
Then onions
Gonna add in the garlic
Peanut butter!!
As you can see guyz...I put lots of peanut butter!
I'm gonna add the beef stock, just gonna mix that.
yeah also added some extra water and a
little bit of cornstarch now it's
getting, becoming a nice thick sauce I'm
gonna add some maggi as well
Will give it more flavor and colour
OK guys I've added some salt as well
and I tasted it and the taste is already
great so we're gonna add the beef back
and also the vegetables
look at the colors. I always like the
colors with beef kare kare.
So how do you like this dish guys? Please let me
know what you think of it!
Lets eat!
There's no Filipino food without rice, ''KANING'' so I
put the kaning here and a nice piece
of beef and then some of the vegetables some
Petchay, string beans, egg plant.
Can I ask you...eggplant? No!
Time to taste it guyz! The beef kare kare.
So I'm gonna add a little bit of and bagoong and I'm gonna try...
Wow very yummy guys I like it
if you like my beef kare kare please
give it a thumbs up and please do not
forget to SUBSCRIBE to PINOY PLANET and
thank you so much guys for your comments
see you next time in the next video with
more Filipino food!
you
