 Filipinos are always late. AKA... Pfft! I'm not gonna lie. You're gonna lie. Throw a gap in Austria is a thing. It's like you're super punctual. You are on time. If you are 10 minutes a day before you're actually supposed to meet. That is how on time is defined. I move to the Philippines and everything is like, ahh, the Philippines are time, you know. We're all exposed to stereotypes, right? What's up Philippines? Welcome back to another episode here with your host. Today I'm reacting to a video that is very interesting. Or at least it sounds interesting. Asking Filipinos the most insane Filipino stereotypes. True or false? Well, let's see about that. I would love to see or hear what kind of stereotypes you have towards Austrians or foreigners westerners. I'm happy to read it. And yeah, without further ado, I would like to decide what the video is. After that birthday party when we woke up in the morning, we noticed that the dog wasn't coming by anymore. And we asked him where the dog was and they were like, oh that's who we ate last time. What? That was my wish. What? Wow, great beginning though. Filipinos are obsessed with tape pop. Five, four, three, two, one. Yep. Do you remember one boom, boom? My own well done, you know. The song was everywhere in the Philippines. That's who I was. Did it? That's so much in the Philippines. I feel like also because Nancy, she looks like a... That's how it feels. So I think that kind of like fueled the hysteria about boom-boom. Like everyone knew that dance. I don't know it. I don't know it. When I visited the Philippines a couple years ago, the grandpa was playing Super Junior. And I was like, grandpa, how do you know this? I don't even know that. Oh, that exact sound. Grandpa, that's me. See him by his group move. Left pink. Left pink, bro. Yep, I can. True false. Filipinos are obsessed with the colonial mentality. Okay. What? Four, three, two... A colonial. True. It's so sad. I don't know. Like a lot of Filipinos are obsessed with K-pop. And yes, it's nice. But at the same time, they like other cultures more than Filipino culture itself. And like, we love Korean culture and Japanese culture. But I would love to see more film that talks about like pre-colonial Filipinos. We watch Korean historical dramas, but we don't even have Filipino historical dramas like that. And it just makes me sad. Interesting, yeah. True false. Filipinos are always late to A.K.A. True. Four, three, two... You know, me growing up in Austria is a thing. Like you're super punctual. You are on time if you are 10 minutes a day before you're actually supposed to meet. That is how on time is defined. And then I moved to Miami and in Miami. I really was late because you know, it's a lot of his spattnecks and Latinos. They're just like, nah. And then I moved to the Philippines and everything is like, ah, Filipino time, you know. It's okay. I came late today. You also came late today. I didn't do it. You were the last time too. Yeah, it's like a common joke with like Filipinos. So like, for example, like if you have a party at like six, you just tell your guests like, oh yeah, yeah, the party's starting at 5.30. That way by the time like, you know, six comes around. That's when all the Philippines are talking about it. I do the same, medowate. It's funny things where I want to believe that it's false because I feel like it depends on the person. But it is, it is true right now though. The Filipino attitude to prognos has just become like so waxed and complacent. It's just like, you know, you know, the time is more like a guideline. Not really like a deadline. Yeah, I like that. Suggestions. Suggestions. Suggestions. Oh. Filipinos use their children as retirement times. Five, four, three, two, one. Oh. False. Oh. False. Come on, it's happening. Anyways. Okay. Um, I feel like maybe it might be something amongst some Filipinos, you know, especially. Maybe those are the Filipinos that have the children as like nurses and doctors. But like, at least for my family, my parents aren't relying on me for your retirement. Yeah, my neither. Um, and I feel like with most of the newer generation, I think that's the case also. I just have truth, even though it doesn't actually happen in my family. I want to say true because unfortunately I do have friends who have been used by their parents as their retirement plans and it's unfortunate. Um, and I'm glad that our generation is kind of seeing how toxic that is though and we're trying to break that generational curse. So for those who are going through it, relax your back. Be the change you want to try. Yeah, I have friends who will have the same money pack it out. Sure. Money pack, y'all. Five, four, three, four, five, I mean everybody loves America. My parents were like, let's watch the fight. And I doubt they understand what's happening in that state. Don't get me wrong. I love money pack, y'all. But I remember there was this period of time where money pack, y'all was literally doing everything in the Philippines. Oh, yeah. He was obviously a boxer but he was also on movies, he was on TV. He was in prison, he was in prison. He was in prison. He was like a colonel in the army despite never actually serving in the army. Yeah. He had, they put him in like the PBA even though like, he's a good basketball player but he's not a pro. And they just, they kind of just let money pack y'all do whatever he wanted. He was a son of a bitch. He was a son of a bitch too. He's also a son of a bitch. And I think you ran for Philbien. You run that president. That's my selection. And so I feel like Philbien was just let money pack y'all do whatever they want because of all the, all the Filipino bride he had in the Philippines. Fair enough, fair enough. I feel like the people that are around him are just too scared to say no to him. I feel like it's valid still though just because like he came from nothing and then he became the same. Yeah. Really he's me. And so I feel like a lot of Filipinos look up to him so that kind of like an American dream but in like a Filipino dream. True. That if he can make it, I can make it too. I'm gonna start from the light. Hello. Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! So, yes. So, yes. So, yes. Filipinos date Americans. So, they can date anything. I love what you say, anything. Five, four, three, two, one. Hi! Hi! I think it depends on the individual. Yeah. It just reflects how sad, current Filipinos, that Filipinos try to look for love outside of the Philippines. Or just like a partner outside of the Philippines just so that they can get out of that property. Because they think that like, oh, if you marry an American, then you're probably more well off than somebody who stays in the Philippines. I mean, yeah. I believe that true love exists. True love does exist and people marry for love. But, you know, having a dream card is a really good perk. Yeah. This is a really good attractor for people. That's true. I almost say both. Wee! I think the question is like, I think really juicy. Most foreigners will go to the Philippines because it's always done things so. Five, four, three, two, one. I hope it is. I hope it is. I hope it's false. I mean, obviously, I don't know what's going through the lines of like Americans and other foreigners. I think there's so much more that the Philippines has to offer than sex. Yeah. I mean, we do see a lot of YouTubers nowadays who go to the Philippines to experience what it has to bring. Because we have more than 7,000 allies in the Philippines. And more of them are being discovered and more of them are becoming tourist spots. And that's a good thing because the Philippines is such a beautiful place. Although, okay. There are a handful of creeps that have to build the Philippines. But there are creeps everywhere. Yeah. I did meet one guy one time. Yeah. We were walking down the road and there was this white guy. He like approached us. And once he saw that I spoke English, he like started like chatting my ear off. He's like, oh, so you're American, huh? He's like, I am American too. He's like, you know, Philippines. They love white spots. Oh my God. No. Once they see a white man, they attack you like, like flies on something dirty like raw meat or something. No, those were his exact words. Yeah, they're all disgusting people. But I want to believe that people love the Philippines for being the Philippines. Wait. Yeah, on that topic, it's really, I think there was a big shift happening. And I think that a lot of foreigners, at least those who I know, come to the Philippines for the beauty, for the smiles, for the people, for the culture. I mean, I even met people last week, American couple who went to the Philippines and spent some time in Cebu. And they went to Mobile and experienced, you know, the beautiful beaches. But they were really obsessed about the mall. They're like, we were really thinking about just staying in Cebu. Just spent a day or two, just at the mall because they missed things. From America and they have decided Philippines has it in the malls. And the malls in the Philippines are just really extraordinary. They're very, like, there's something. But yeah, I just wanted to point that out that I think there is a very big shift happening. Also, thanks to a lot of content creators who have been posting amazing pictures, experiences on Instagram and also videos on YouTube, Facebook, wherever. So, who does to you? Content creators? Hi, bye! Also, while we are at it, check out my channel and there is life where I talk about my travels. From the Philippines and around the world, it's always linked in the description box. Here we go. True false. Filipinos eat dogs. Three, four, three, two, one. Oh, what? What? What? What? What? What? What? Wait, what? Oh, what? Because I haven't even done it. Doh doh, huh? Yeah, I'm sorry. No, no, no. Yes, I haven't even done it. Our neighbors actually had a birthday. Like, when did their kids have a birthday and they gave us a bubble? Yeah. They didn't know it was in it, but I just thought they all was like, oh my gosh, this is really good. What is in there, like, dog? Ah! They are not really sharp and I got kind of traumatized, especially because I thought that it was good. Did you make your body warm? It made my body warm. And the rainbow's blue. The sad thing about it was we actually, you enjoyed it. No, no, no, no. Oh my gosh. You knew that dog was our neighbor's dog, so it would come and ask every morning to get a pet. And after that birthday party, when we woke up in the morning, we noticed that the dog wasn't coming by anymore. And we asked him where the dog was and they were like, oh, that's who we ate last night. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh. For the whole time that I lived in the Philippines. I never saw any dog, we never saw anyone that ate dogs. That's why I put flowers on it. I mean, either. At least not that I know of. Maybe I had it and then it didn't know it. It's not something that I want to choose. Why does informers have, like, these weird misconceptions about the Philippines? The weird tourists. The weird tourists. That thing that there are a rocky some meat. Comedians like Jokor who kind of like, I'm sure he's funny to a lot of people, but I don't really find him very funny just because of the stereotypes that he makes about, like, Filipinos. I think they're inaccurate and I feel like it's kind of backhanded to talk about a part of yourself in such a degrading manner. I think also to an extent, some Filipinos celebrate these stereotypes. Yeah. It's like, oh, you know, I'm just going to be light. I'm Filipinos. You know what happens? Or like, I have to be in there. You know, my parents told me. All right, guys. Is that for my video? The interesting video. Yeah. Just video memory and light and subscribe and I'll see you next time. You're right. Always great videos with the Asian boss. That was quite intense. Let me know in the comments section down below what you think about this video. And if there are some stereotypes that you definitely disagree with or agree with, I'm just kind of like, wow. Yeah, show your thoughts. I think this video was really good. It's really surprising. If you enjoyed it, give it a thumbs up and subscribe if you're a new to the channel. Hit the notification bell to get notified for our next video. And I'll see you guys next time with your all. What's up, Philippines? I love you.