 But you're Friday. The freshest. How do you heal a broken heart? How do you? In the Philippines. Now that is a completely different answer. How are you okay? As a completely different answer. Yes, actually B would be quite appropriate in any parts of the world. But in the Philippines this is the only way. However, I will utilize that formula in my life and I'm not Philippine. Neither do I live in the Philippines. Whenever I get my heart broken I will sing general Gibbs. I want to go to my heart's desire and to let my heart's desires fulfilled. I don't think there will be any woman that will be able to fulfill the gap that banged up Khoangi being in Kha'a's for me or you know what's the number song that I've been listening to a lot lately. I forget the Jaya Korean OST. That's how I search out. The Lange Kha'a. It's not the Lange Kha'a. I don't know. I always say this is the Lange Kha'a. It's not. I've been mangitila luha lately as well. But. Luha and baby? No, no, no. I get you know. I'm going to type in on YouTube. It's going to come up. I think I've been tagged on this video. Take the choir. Korean. Is it Korean drama OST? Hagen di tonalang. Hagen. Hagen. Ditornalang. That is another fucking manga. Jaya we love you. Anyway. We do love you Jaya. But it inu man lang. Which means before they didn't even fall. Yes. Yes. Now we see you all sleep. My brother got my God. What are they drinking? Looks like it. There is nothing in that glass. Is it anything? Okay. There's nothing. I don't think there's anything. What are they drinking? Shaftais, that looks like margaritas. No. drinking Filipino air power vocals yes power vocals activate press play is it empty yes it is a fucking blind blind blind that's that big who was it brother fantastic people fantastic do you see the I will write their house you tell me brother that's what we must do man we must stand together we must sing we must sing after a yeah the broken heart okay my guys does us wrong all right you see what I was talking about like I always go back to this because I find it so fascinating that it's only happening with male Filipino singers I haven't seen any any like that any world and we watch a lot of music from around the world being performed constantly but the efficiency of how tight their jaw work is is so freaking narrow and everything comes down to like the lip modulation or the lifting of the larynx or the actual indrigan inner work in here which is so wild to me because it's hard it there's so much tension here the meek is so efficient and you know I can name you plenty of our own yes keo is also doing a concert who else is quite efficient Christian Baltista at extend to that okay and Jason D oh Jason D yes and then there's plenty more but like they are so and if you think about it is only men think don't have an saddle he was so freaking efficient here I like why okay it's quite traditional oh it's quite nice yes yes yes Martin the quite traditional Gary's actually we're traditional anyway it's going by three times orthodox so about textbook but I just don't understand why the why is it a male singer no clue because you don't see it actually we just did a video on fritzy and she's actually a complete opposite yeah absolutely so why generous in her in her modulation please let my let my brother sing his heart we've opened it but the problem is I wish I sounded like that because then I think if I get my heart broken at least something good comes out of it yeah but it doesn't sound like that you know what's it was worse it sounds like two cats having sex I've never heard that I've never I've never had the fucking horror of witnessing that at nighttime because you have a wopen window you know under neighbor who you know what the fuck it's horrible yeah the fuck is going crazy you know yes you would think yeah I don't know you would think they'll perils some shit but I'm not they sound like fucking demons maybe I hate someone in demons as they're procreating but anyways go on that's what I sound like when I sing not when I'm having sex go on what's ending oh man yeah throw him the money I have a question what you absolutely change you absolute monsters monsters other other question regarding Filipino culture oh okay I don't know I can answer that so the comments will be my savior you know how you know I had this idea ages ago right of instead of like in a strip club you people get naked you have musicians right you throw money no coins you've got oh we got a lot but do you have that in karaoke bars like you sort of you know you go to this place and it's just you know performers I guess but random people and instead of a poll you just get different microphones you hold on to and then you know you you can even put Paul in there you can dance around the pool you can sing you can and you can entertain everyone's world from all ages that we do have to give him money you know but in a club okay great it's their a strip club a sing club I think this I think I'm just come up with something don't go anyway I will I will love you like the ass