 Hello everyone, I'm Asuka. Today, I'm in Sebu. And then I'm going to eat Sebu Rechon. Here we go. There are some Rechon restaurant in Sebu. And one of them is House of Rechon. This restaurant is very large. They have a big trust city and the interior is lovely. Rechon is one of the traditional foods in the Philippines. Especially, Sebu Rechon is the most famous. Rechon is a pig, which is grilled by charcoal. They cooked a bamboo stick inside the body of the whole pig. And they put some herbs and spices inside the body of a pig to make it more delicious. Let's try to eat it. The staff prepared Rechon in the kitchen. The bowl looks like a pig. It's so cute. We can also eat it on special occasions such as past day, weddings, New Year and other relationships. They offer several kinds of weight. We can order a jar in each weight for the hot, pre-forced, 1kg. We can choose between regular or spicy. There are several kinds of foods required in addition to the main dish Rechon. A two-squirt-chon with spicy taste, garlic rice and two other side dishes. I tried some medium beer at first. The beer is locally made and is very pleasant. It gets in a taste-require, new way, so that you are only going to make hot-mighted apple chips. It's one of locally-sooped individuals named Sriniga. Sriniga has sour taste because it contains tamarind. It's a vegetable with sugar in it. The worst of all was time and plenty. He serves us soup on each bowl. I also took a witty, it's so good, it's delicious. The beer is coming here. I'm going to eat part of the skin. The most delicious part of the skin is the skin. It's hard with a big texture. I choose spicy flavor Rechon, but it wasn't too spicy. I want some chips. I want some sauce. I think that the taste was delicious, but I'm going to put a skin corner Rechon. I want to make some sauce. The potato is very strange. The wet rice will appear on the sauce since quits calamansi and black staccidin. I'll put some sauce and vinegar. I'll put some salt and vinegar. I'll put some salt and vinegar. It's my opinion to me how to run taste. Feel full, I want to give it to the soy sauce. Touching. The full touch of milk was 750% pesos. I recommend taking the jar when you visit the second room.