 Future Friday. Differently. We're down then we get sent to many videos so we're just not necessarily professional artists or artists on the come up but people from the Philippines singing. They just have a good time. Today we have Angel Abellero. I'm gonna be singing always remember this way which is by Lady Gaga. I love that song. Very rarely it happens every month when we get a cover of someone we sent this often. This is one of them. That's too easy. Oh that's too easy. You know the taping of the mic? Yeah. Dude that is so we call it Criojo like Criojo in Venezuela means like. Like it's home. It's like it's Venezuela and me. Yeah yeah yeah. Like it's just because you're so used to singing on stage and stuff. In the Philippines it's like that would be so Filipino I guess because everyone's so used to singing Criojo you know. It's just I don't know there's so many little things like that are so similar between like Venezuela and Latin culture and then the Philippines. You know I came across a video the other day of this guy who was like oh I was talking about the Changla and the impact of the Changla in the not bringing in the Filipino culture. That's what I think. Listen and a bunch of Latino people from his audience from his audience in Instagram was like dude what we do that. Okay. Our mother's threatened us with our freaking flip-ups. If you're watching from the Philippines that happens to you. Oh. She doesn't sound like an angel. Damn that car real good track has pongas. I know even that. Guess swagger. Very nice. But she's fabulous. It's just too easy for her. Yeah. She's awesome. This is too easy for her. Yeah. She's awesome. The vocal dynamics are so on point that even the details that in Lady Gaga's case like in the original soundtrack of the song you would you kind of like brush over them because they're they sound like vocal mannerisms and not actual singing dynamics which is which is like a common thing to brush over but her her take it's so specific to the point that even those vocal dynamics in the melody are super exemplified so they're like really well highlighted. It makes this ten times more exciting to listen to. I also think this is like in a really comfortable part of her range. She must have a crazy range. There you go. Damn. Oh I got chills. Yeah you see the vocal right now. Oh that is so cool. Oh that is so cool. Oh that is so cool. Even though it is a karaoke and you do recreationally it's there is also the meaning of the song right. A song essentially it's like when people do covers of a song it's like borrowing someone else's story. And retelling your own through it. Right. It's like borrowing the story and then adding your own sprinkles because everyone can relate to these stories and you've lived things that are similar to them. One of the hardest things actually perhaps not to teach but one of the things that makes you reach like elite level it's also conveying the feeling behind a song. The emotions behind the song is intent. It's the same in acting. It's the same actually in sport as well. We call it subtext in acting. So what is not said in the script both you mean regardless. The thing said with more than words. Correct. It's also the same in sports I guess different approaches but it's like intent behind the backhand on tennis. The purpose behind the forehand they all matter and they actually all have an impact on the final outcome. Something that's always impressive to me in this video is that people really do understand when you see these videos it could be from the Philippines it could be from other parts of the world. People always seem to do a very good job of that and I think that's why these videos do go viral. It's not just because the girl is like an incredible singer. She's a good singer. And if you think about it in terms of vocal technique this isn't displaying the most of her energy. I think she's better. I actually think she would have a different cover. It would probably be even more impressive in terms of vocal prowess but I think the reason why these type of things resonates with people is because she has retold her story essentially in a way that's new. You see it's too easy. Oh yeah she's got like the weird swag at her. I'm sorry I'm telling you that girls got a lot more in that pipe. Yeah it's freaking great. She's fairly popular. She's got like 30,000 subscribers. I love that she's able to modulate in such a comfortable way like I'm telling you I think this isn't a really comfortable part of her range because it's really not not a brainer. She's really not accepting her certain other role. A lot of effort. Like all 5sK's I heard 10 weeks for this. I heard 10 days. Yeah she has an interesting range. The choices of songs. Quite interesting. Her vocal warmth is quite formidable. Like it's something that you feel comforted by if you know what I mean. I love her vocal color. If it's who I feel to you I'm only. And I must fall for the lies I had. And I won't let my heart control my head. You see her vocal tone I was her so implying. Wow that's so interesting because I wonder yeah I don't know when the what she does for living or where her background comes from. That vocal dynamic that that takes years. That's taught them. I think that's taught. Yeah I don't know. I'll be very impressive. She says herself taught. Maybe she is. It wouldn't surprise me though. Maybe maybe maybe she plays the guitar or another instrument and she sort of understood that aspect of things. That's interesting. But this is beautiful. She is on my own. Maybe she is a decent guitarist. She understands how to create harmonics, how to create blemishes, ornaments in the right place. The phonetics are great. Yeah she produces a T's very well. I'm telling you it's very. It's very impressive. I don't know if it comes. Do you see I don't know if it comes. Is it emulation? Yeah it's emulation. Perhaps. Yeah I don't know if it comes from emulating the songs and like what the artist naturally do. Or if this is like textbook perfection because from a vocal standpoint of like technique, this is T to the T. You know what I mean? Yeah. You're awesome. Keep shining girl. Keep shining. Okay. Jesus. Jesus. Grace. Wow. Amen.