 I'm going to be a fan of Maliga and Maliga. Today we will be reacting to a Filipino dance group. I've never heard of this dance group so I will be discovering it with you guys and it's on AGT America's Got Talent. The crew's name is Urban Crew and they're also called I think Flyers of the South. And they're saying that they defied gravity with an amazing addition on AGT 2020-22. I'm very excited to react to this because it's been a while since I've reacted to Filipino dancers and they are usually very good at it. But since this is AGT I may have to reduce the opacity of the video to avoid copyright issues. Alright, before we start, make sure to follow me on Instagram at Music Game News because that is where you can DM your suggestions and would love for the redo. Let's get to it. AGT Tuesdays. Oh my God, that's a huge group. Hello. Hello Simon. And who are you? We are the Urban Crew Flash of the South from the Philippines. From the Philippines. There you go. Amazing. What do you do? We are dancing and break dancing and acrobat. Alright, they do it all. And why AGT? Because this is the biggest stage and we believe being a Filipino. And we believe they didn't say and we believe we believe. Okay, they're believers. They're not believers. Be a big contribution for our beloved countries. Beloved countries. Oh. I love the fact that they don't pronounce the V and it becomes a B. Important question. Do you think you can win it? Yes, we do. We work hard for this. Let's go. Yes. Show us. This is the last in a lifetime opportunity. Yeah. You all went blind. I love it. You have more fun now that you're blind. Yes, Mom. Yes, Mom. Yes, Mom. You can tell they just want to perform, don't you? They're ready. You are itching for this. Yes. Yes, Mom. So let's do it. Good luck. Thank you so much. I'm excited. I'm excited to start. Let's go. I'm pumped. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Oh my god. You landed on the floor. Oh my gosh. Guys, I am very well positioned to actually judge this person. This person. I'm very excited. I'm very well positioned to actually judge this person. This performance because I just watched, I went to the Cirque du Soleil. It is, I don't know if you guys heard of it, but it's basically a circus. A very popular Canadian circus where people jump in the air and stuff like this. But the people that jump in the air and go super high like this, they never land on the floor. They either land on someone or on something kind of mushy. But this dude, he went extremely high in the air and landed on his feet. I mean granted, he used his knee, he bent, he bent his knee so that the impact is not too strong and hurtful to his legs. But that was very impressive. Exactly, that was so high. Woo! Wow! Hey, I didn't see you there. Well, now that you're here, why don't you celebrate for making a disfore into this video by subscribing to the channel by turning on that notification bell so that you don't miss any future videos. And of course, and the most important thing to like this video because it does help out the channel tremendously. And now if you don't mind, I'm gonna go back to my business. I love it. Did you notice the slow mo that he did? Like, they did not do that in post-production, you know? It's not someone who edited the dude in the air and slow mo. No, he actually did that. So he jumped and when he was at the peak in the air, he like slowed down. That's insane. And believe me when I say that this stuff is even more impressive when you're there, when you're watching it live right in front of you, okay? Wow! And they're in sync with the acrobat moves. Acrobatics moves. Oh my god! Okay, that slow mo was done in post-production. You can tell, right? But that was beautiful and I can't, he landed on his feet again. That is extremely impressive. And did you see all the other guys? They were like doing the poses and everything? Urban crew baby. Oh my goodness! Oh, I love this song. This song they played it in the movie, you got served. I was in high school when I watched that movie and oh my gosh, like the story is not that great. The acting is not that great. But the dancing is just fantastic. Oh wow! Man, that is awesome but also so dangerous at the same time. Can you imagine if he miscalculated his jump by maybe two centimeters? He could have stepped on his friend's face. That is crazy. Oh my god! That's high! Impressive. That is so cool. I mean granted all those sound effects that they add in post-production, you know, the pooo pooo pooo pooo. They add into the amazement, right? But it was still fantastic on its own. There you go. Amazing! Let's go Urban crew. Flyers of the South. They chose their name right because all they do is fly. I honestly thought that there would be a little bit of dancing but they did not dance. This was not dancing. This was gymnastics. This was acrobatics and they are so good at it. Oh my god, I'm impressed. I'm impressed ladies and gentlemen. Let me know in the comment section below your thoughts on this. Have you heard of this group before? Have I reacted to this group before? I don't think so. I think they may be brand new to me, you know. I should go on my channel and type in Urban Crew, MGM or Ovela and see if I've reacted to them before. But this was very impressive and I really, really, I'm crossing my fingers that they give them a chance to move on to the next round. I want to see more guys and it would be great if they could implement a little bit of dancing. Just, you know, a little bit. But that was super impressive. There you go. It's your turn to sum in the comment section below. But I'm in Malamingsalam. Oh, thank you so much for joining me to carry yourselves. Have a great day and I will catch you in the next one. Thank you for watching. Subscribe here and please like the video to show your support and appreciation for my work. And turn on the notification bell to be bogged for future content. Yay!