 Hey everybody, let's go shopping at the wet market. Santa Rita mini market. We'll see what they got. Check the price. All right. All right. So I'm back from the market and I will do a quick little show of what I got, a little rundown on prices. Maybe that'll help you guys an idea of what things are costing here. I only picked up a few things that we needed. Of course, you can see in the video there's quite a variety of things you need or things you may need. So let's do this. Okay, I've got tomatoes. Tomatoes are 100 a kilo. Of course, I didn't buy kilos of anything. I think this is the only thing I got a kilo of. That's 100 a kilo. That comes out to 87 cents a pound. The onions, I got white onions, pretty good onions there. Those are 80 pesos a kilo. And that comes out to 70 cents a pound. The carrots, pretty good carrots they have here, good flavor. Those are 70 cents a pound, 80 cents a kilo. Bell pepper, little expensive on the bell pepper. Those are 400 a kilo. Although you have to buy an awful lot to get a whole kilo. I don't know how much that was. The bell pepper was 30 pesos just for the one. Okay, so the bell pepper is 400 a kilo. That's $3.45 a pound. You'll probably find that to be pretty high. But there, like I said, I don't use that much of those. And of course, the potatoes there, medium sized potato, good flavor though. Those are 70 cents a kilo. I'm sorry, 70 pesos a kilo or 60 cents a pound. Okay, the fruits, bananas, I got half a kilo. But there's 70 pesos a kilo. That right there is 35 pesos. That comes out to 60 cents a pound. Mangos, mangoes are usually the pretty high price. I get these really nice big ones. They've got great flavor. I just love these things. If I don't buy anything else, the fruits and I'll buy a mangoes. And there's a lot of different varieties of mangoes here. These are some of the better ones. And they are 160 pesos a kilo or a dollar 40 a pound. And apples, these are the apples there. Okay, I've had some better ones, but yeah, I like them. Those are 25 pesos each. So for two, that's 95 cents. Okay, a little high. And what else do I have to add? I got the eggs. That these eggs are seven pesos each. So for the six, I pay the 42 pesos or 80 pesos for a dozen. And that comes up to a dollar 60. There are about a medium size. And you get a lot of variety of eggs. Probably saw quite a few in the video. You can get the big, I mean, they're like dinosaur eggs. And they're only like 11 pesos. And you can get all the way down to the top. And you can get a lot of them. And you can get a lot of them. And you can get a lot of them. And you can get a lot of them. And you can get all the way down to these real small tiny ones. You know, for like five pesos each. So you got quite a variety of eggs here. So I think I covered all of that. What did I end up with? What you see in front of you right now was a total of 415 pesos. Or seven dollars and 95 cents. Of course, this is all USD. Sorry, I have to do USD. All right, so there's this warning shopping. And a little look around the wet market and the regular markets there. All right, so there's a quick look at a, you know, this a common outdoor market. Depending on where you live here, you know, if you're closer to a city or in a city like I am, more than likely you're gonna have, you know, the larger regular supermarkets like you're used to in the West. The further you get away from a city, you know, the wet market is gonna be something open market, wet market type areas are gonna be something a little bit more calming to you. And also depending if you're married, you have a girlfriend. That's probably where she's gonna want to shop because the prices are much better there. Myself, I don't go there too often. It's been quite a while since I was at that market. Because I have a supermarket here close, I care for the meat much better. Coming from the supermarket, I like some of the cuts better and just my preference on that. But I do not buy vegetables or fruits or anything like that at the supermarket. They are super expensive there. At least double some triple of the prices I just showed you on the counter. You can find maybe like the tomatoes, you can get the bigger tomatoes a little bit better, but oh wow, the prices. And I do like to have lettuce around. I like to make a salad. Lettuce a little bit harder to come by. It comes out of baggyo, you know, where it's cooler. So sometimes I can get that at the supermarket that you gotta really pay a price for it. To me, it's not a little worth it. Sometimes they have it at that market there. I didn't see it, I may have missed it. My business, our workers there, they felt there every couple days, every three days or so for meals for all the workers at the house and they cooked for it. They'll pick me up ahead of lettuce when they're over there when they see them, but it's not always there. So I remind them, but sometimes it's not there. But anyway, you can usually find this about everything you need. And like I said, that's about the best prices you're gonna find around. I normally get this stuff locally, this, and within my barungai, there's two or three fruit stand and vegetable stand. I don't always get all of the things I need there, but it does me pretty good on a normal basis. So that's why I do most of my narrings. It's as close and it's local. Probably compared to what I just showed you on the counter, it probably would have paid maybe 70, 80 pesos more total by here, so it's just a little bit more expensive. Now if you want the very best prices around, they have what they call the night market. Most areas will have a night market. And that's where all of these people shop at. All the local vendors right here in the barungai, even probably some from there at the wet market. They go to the night market, which is usually one location, all the trucks come in from wherever, the products come from, and they set up, and they have night market, and it starts like midnight. It goes to like five in the morning, four in the morning. And I know some people that go to those, I've never been to it, but they say you can get the best prices. The thing with produce and fruits and stuff, they don't last that long, so you can't buy a huge quantity unless you're out selling it like these people do. But you can get really good prices there. So you have a lot of choices. That's the main thing. And now you can see some of the prices you're gonna pay. Compare that to what you're paying in the US, and maybe other countries that you're in. Like I said, I don't know anymore. It's been so long since I shopped at a market in the US. I can't even remember what the prices were. So if there's a big difference with anything, something that stands out, hey, put it in the comments and let everyone see it. It'd be interesting to hear how things are going everywhere else. Okay, but anyway, that's how things are going here. I gotta run. I'm gonna go have lunch with a sour cold. See y'all later. Bye.