good morning good afternoon wherever you are 
so we're here on the streets of divisoria and  
today it's a very big day as you guys are waiting 
for today we are finally trying the Jollibee so  
one of the biggest fast food chains here in the 
Philippines is of course the famous Jollibee and  
finally we are trying it so today I want to try 
Jollibee and tomorrow maybe I'll try McDonald's  
just to see the difference and I want to give 
an honest review about your fast food chain  
here and for this episode we are visiting one of 
the busiest Jollibee here in divisoria and  
as you walk in you'll see there are many people 
anyway let's head in alright so Jollibee finally  
the moment I've been waiting for finally try 
Jollibee first hand and I can already see one  
poster they've got Fried Chickens and they have 
got mushroom sauce on top of patties and they've  
got spaghetti noodles as well spaghettis as 
well what noodles anyway we're going in
first impression as soon as you walk in it kind 
of just feels like McDonald's in a way you've  
got many different options but one thing it 
kind of reminds me KFC rather than McDonald's  
because typically McDonald's there are heaps of 
burgers but here all I see is Fried Chicken  
menu Jollibee I think it's about Fried Chickens 
alright not too sure if you guys can see better now  
but yeah here first section Burger section so very 
typical Burgers you've got your cheesy burgers  
bacon cheesy burgers and on a second column here 
we've got some sandwiches and it kind of reminds  
me of sandwiches in KFC see it looks like a 
hot dog bun with fried chicken in the middle  
and next to it there is a Cheesy classic Hot 
Dog as well that's very interesting I haven't  
seen that before heaps of cheese I love cheese 
and is that apple pie oh no that's chicken pie  
chicken pie and also tuna pie very interesting 
so I'm looking forward to try all these kind of  
food maybe later I'm gonna order set I think and 
one specific thing very special is that they've  
got Jolly spaghetti here something that is 
not sold very commonly in fast food stores so  
spaghetti and you've got a spaghetti sets a big 
family spaghetti set as well and this is very  
interesting it's like a mushroom sauce on top of 
burger steak with rice with iced tea and what's  
the one on on the side that's garlic pepper beef 
ah very interesting it's like garlic garlic beef  
anyway that's the Fried Chicken section and over 
there we've got more different sets of Fried  
Chickens luckily we talked to you guys for a bit 
so now the line is kind of gone and I think Alina  
want ice cream so she's just chilling upstairs 
so it's just me alone here because I really  
really am super excited about you know ordering 
food finally here at a Jollibee I'm not too  
sure if you guys can hear me because it's super 
loud here just realize there's another thing so  
right there that's like a kid's menu it's like 
McDonald's you can order a set and they give  
you a toy pretty cool oh they've got different 
sweet pies oh so that's the normal pie like the  
meat pie and here we've got sweet pies so you've 
got mango pies wow peach pie and I don't know what Buko  
is interesting it's like potato I don't know let 
me know in the comments I don't know what it is
Can I get the super meal? so I will grab one super meal
I will eat here please
and sorry? what's your drinks? Um for drinks I want
What drinks do you have? Ice Tea, Pineapple. Ice Tea please
can I also grab a Sundae you've got a cone 
or just a cup cup just cup okay Sundae okay
uh I think I'll add one more mini sundae to 
the set so here you can see they're preparing  
on the spot instead of like waiting and line up we 
wait they prepare on the spot so as soon as you  
finish order it's pretty much done so as you can 
see here we've got a set and then after that we've  
got the uh chocolate ice cream mini chocolate 
ice cream on top of the set and then on top of  
that we've got the chocolate sundae which is a 
big one for Alina and all that costs 384 pesos
alright okay ah finally got everything here
it is a bit kind of like an unboxing okay
I am interested in what you take
so I believe this is the mushroom sauce with 
the Patty and this is a famous spaghetti from  
Jollibee and I don't know what this is oh it's 
rice interesting how they put it in like a burger  
yeah it's like a burger bun and what is this this 
is what chicken yeah it's chicken oh it's spicy  
spicy bar means thank you in Russian 
anyway alright let's try the iced tea
thank you just standard iced tea 
yeah I think it's better than today  
morning really yeah it was so sweet though 
so we have Wendy's this morning yeah I know  
you're hungry but you took my fork how can 
I eat. why you only have ...okay let me try first
Who use fork to eat ice cream
Oh let's eat it like in drama
hey hey baby 
White T shirt
Nice! My shirt..hey do you want the whole food or not
I'm so scared of you now
spaghetti nice I think that's special 
it's quite interesting to eat a spaghetti in  
fast food because I think normally like for 
example is McDonald's is it churizo?
I think it's just spaghetti with sausage no? with ketchup
but sausage... oh I didn't try
I like the spaghetti quite nice this whole 
meal is filling and it's delicious  
okay all right so now that we've tried spaghetti 
we're gonna try to meat patty. Mushroom sauce. Give you mushroom
Okay, 1 2 3 go
Hm...you like it?
You like the mushroom. I want one more. You want one more?
Wait seriously? okay okay I think it would taste really 
good with the rice. They have uh French fries?
I want a french fries with ice cream
I want to try rice with the mushroom soup. I think it would be quite nice. 
Yeah so nice. Um so we have tried the rice
spaghetti tried the mea patty now last it is the fried chicken
but you cannot eat fried chicken and spicy
because alina has very sensitive stomach so she normally cannot eat 
like you know fried fried food 
I don't know what to expect but  
that's it I hope it's good the famous Jollibee fried chicken
so spicy
guys I normally can eat spicy food in 
Thailand I thought I'm trained up but  
this is really spicy see the flag here 
red flag red flag super spicy but anyway  
wow it's quite okay the fried chicken is quite hot
the fried chicken is quite 
nice though I'm gonna say  
um it's very juicy I thought it was going to be 
dry but it's really juicy oh yeah true I think  
it's one of the best fried chickens in the fast 
food store really I think so oh it is pepper sauce
Alina is also very sensitive to cold because if 
we're in the same house you'll see every  
five minutes Alina turn on the aircon 
turn off aircon turn on turn off okay try  
no spicy I cannot no I mean I try 
hmm me too hungry
overall a really good meal
You have got a bit of everything, you have got spaghetti
You have got meat patty with mushroom soup
You have got rice, you got amazing fried chicken as well
I love it. oh maybe you need to order hot dog? oh the cheesy hot dog? okay, yeah
that's something I want to try as well  
it looks amazing by the way people in the 
Philippines you guys are super lucky to  
have an amazing fast food chain Jollibee the food here
was amazing love it I absolutely love it  
like not even kidding I love it I love when it 
comes to food I don't lie if it's good food  
I told you I say it's good if it is bad I'll straight 
up tell you it's bad the cheese hot dog  please
and can I also grab the mango pie see the whole 
team so busy preparing everything
so we ordered the mango pie as well as the hot dog so I 
don't know how much it is
115. all right 115 but two 
things you're doing a good job 115.
120. oh that's 50. yeah
wow it's exactly like apple 
pie but mango pie Jollibee  
thank you the whole team at 
the back they're so happy
okay thank you
thank you thank you I'll just grab that yep 
that's good thank you salamat
I love the people here so nice Filipinos 
they're so fun and so fun like super fun  
to interact with random people on the 
streets you can have a good conversation  
I love it it's so friendly and I feel 
really safe here in the Philippines
Mango pie, where's hot dog? okay let's try oh it looks nice cheesy hot dog
you like it it's so hot so hot hot hard hot or 
hard hot hot hot is it nice though oh let me try  
all right I want a big bite
Justin always so long thinking
2 days later
one sec still digesting, not digesting eating  to be honest  
I think it's okay for me it's okay for me 
for me it is the best out of all?
Woah better than spaghetti better than spaghetti 
because big sausage it's like so big like this I like it
okay let's try this
amazing yeah the chocolate is so nice yeah 
chocolate's so nice I think Jollibee the  
food the standard is really good like really high 
standard quality food jollibee no wonder so many Filipinos  
they keep coming to the jollibee and recommend 
all foreigners to come to jollibee
last but not least we've got the mango pie here it's like 
apple pie McDonald's but uh it's a mango pie oh
you like it really it's really good
it's really nice. what happened? hmm delicious
I feel like I only take one bite
so that's our reaction to Jollibee and 
thanks for watching make sure to like comment  
and subscribe if you like this episode and you 
want to see more Philippines vlogs make sure to  
subscribe now subscribe now so anyway guys 
see you guys in the next vlog goodbye hello
