 Future Friday. The Threshes. The Triple A Awards have just happened and a bunch of awesome fancoms you guys sent through and that happened like literally like two days ago so you guys are like watch it now. There's no waiting hell for checking out the stream. Are you mental? We're gonna get struck murdered and then put in a court case. That sounds banning you. And like if people have been reacting to it and some of your favorite reviewers and stuff have got blessed you know God but we've been doing this for a little bit now. I'm not we're not doing that and also it was so sweet that so many people sent us their fancoms and stuff so let's check that out. So we're checking those out. There's some really good quality like fancoms. Honestly, there's a ton of songs they won. They sit as well. Just mad. Yeah they won. But you're the new jeans won the same thing they won. It's been 19 one. 17. 17 like they won two awards as well. Redon kilos right. It's cool. We've been saying we're not talking and being bummed like it's just true. In terms of the music industry what the boys are starting to do is like next level and shout out to all the fans. I'm so glad he happened in the Philippines because that's like probably one of the best places like the Philippine arena. I think that's where they did it. One of the best places that you could do any award shows for Asia because the Philippines loves K-pop. Philippines now has a growing scene of people who rise and also won some stuff right. That's pretty cool. Come on. They have world class dancers. They have world class production because they're so used to live music. So that's the reason why the Philippines is known for having some of the best music shows and music artists go to the Philippines. Not only because the crowd is sick but also because somehow the Philippines has always figured out how to put world class shows for world class artists. And I'm sure this was one of them. Let's go to watch. Come on. Look at those freaking handles. Guys, we're sitting here so good. That's 18, right? I think it is. I think it is. And team yeah. The dance crew, yeah. The music is hell. Nah, I saw you bro. Pablo, turn up his slick. Do it in vocals. I'm gonna call the birds out with the angels. Six, six, six, listen to me. Make it Josh. Oh nice. Honestly, the food freaking Philippe was so good. It's good to see what the fans were here. The thing is, this dance trend became so viral. Oh, and also other cable violence are watching, right? Yeah, like a bunch of cool groups. Oh no. Oh, that's the best thing. Oh, big track. Oh, look at the freaking stage. Pablo's playing his life. I don't think they have a slick. No, I don't think they have a slick. No, I don't think they have a slick. Just listening to it. I don't think there's any split at all. Because you don't know what a split is. It's a split between maybe not playback, but like a pre-recorded vocals. And then live vocals. Usually the split is like 70-30 in the Korean pop. Japanese pop. Even sometimes in people. Rare. Sometimes. The Philippines doesn't fuck around when it comes to that. No, but they really are. This is maybe like 95-5. Because you would want some layers at some point, especially in pop track. But I don't hear it anyway. Which is great. That's good. That's good thing. Yeah, they're just eating for the freaking vocals. They're so stable. Yeah, dude. Yeah, I'm fired up, linka. Good job. Funny as well how popular they so many people. Honestly, they've been working so hard. This is just a statement to their awesome and hard. What? Like, see, there's layers there. But this is sick, though. His silly. Listen to the drums. I'm roaring. He's so popular. I love that guy so much. And awesome. Fucking stale just telling you. He's still in cute. Going out his bed. That's hell's no joke, bro. Oh, you motherfucker. That is sickle. Oh, my god, bro. This is so hard. They went with the hype playlist. Literally. Yeah. She's my spirit animal. Go, girls. And she's a drug. Shake them booties. Wow, the boys are so stable. They're so good. They're so good. Shut up, Justin. Yeah, that's real. It's just how they go. What, bro? Wow, whatever. Every hype band. Oh, look at the boys. In the back. That's 18, motherfucker. See? And team. That's a nice way. It's an 18 more and team. And team? That's a good way to introduce a new group, yeah? First time. Yeah, I mean either. I don't know. I thought it was the dance group. Wow, what a big ass production. I'm gonna take the... That damn. That's sick. It looks like this smoke is like... It's coming forward, right? Damn, still, boy. Do you want to take a choke, Bill? No. Damn, this guy is so long, bro. Holy shit. Yes. That's so sick. Dude, this performance is insane. Oh, look at that girls here. They must be urges. The dancers are literally hyping up the whole guest. Yeah, man. There you noticed it. They have no split. Oh my god, they're not bosses. Yeah, they have zero superlatives. They just have obviously a track playing now. But when they are singing, dude, it is on. Look at this ad live here. Yeah, man. Yeah, man. Yeah, man. Yeah, man. Yeah, man. There you noticed it. They have no split. Oh my god, they're not bosses. Yeah, they have zero superlatives. The priest ad live here. Nothing. The freaking sick. Yeah, the Philippines is in fucking drama. Oh, no, look at the eating the sick. The sick. Yeah, you see? Literally? Those microphones are as honest as it gets, baby. Yeah. What the? Dude, that's insane. Because I get the cheeky feeling that that makes it even better for me personally. But I get the feeling in the stream, they obviously manage levels a lot better. Obviously, it is what it is. And there's post-prod. Of course. There was post-prod because the stream that you're watching in the moment, it's already been processed, you know, because the machines, the technology, all of the sudden. Because technology. But it's like, this is like 10 times better to me, because that's actually what everyone there got served. That's right. And I actually think, again, I haven't seen all the other performances of everyone. But there's very few little groups in Korea, in the Philippines that can put up a performance like that with that amount of vocal stability, with zero mic splits. That is absolutely, again, it doesn't surprise me that it's in the S.B. 19. It's been in S.B. 19 and they're so good at doing this because that's literally like their trademark. But I am surprised that it isn't a ward show. That's crazy. And because the ward shows even if they are for music, they tend to be a little bit iffy with like everybody having a nice, nice sound quality because there are so many groups and there are so many requirements for so many members and everybody demands new things for each song. So it's really difficult and I feel so bad for those sound engineers and the production. Oh my god. It's an impossible job. It's incredible. But I'm very glad they won. I'm very glad they won stuff. Again, I'm very apprehensive about a little dear review and stuff from like the actual stream. And I know that the actuation awards they're like posting their own stuff and stuff. And I'm very apprehensive of that. But go ahead, watch them, watch it from their actual channel on YouTube. But they're just posting a bunch of performances. Well, I'm sure people at this point that have seen that are watching our review of it. They just want to see our thoughts. But they've probably already seen it themselves. So in conclusion, they rocked. Unreal. That's what you guys thought about it. I'm very, very immensely proud of the lights obviously. They deserve all the success they're getting. It seems as well that only up and up man, which is sick. So, fair play to the lights at the oles.