 Hello everyone, welcome back to our channel and for those who are new here, I am well-out from Sibu and this is my fiance Brandon from USA California. Last December 2021 we purchased a 600 square meter land here in San Vicente, Ilocosur and now we've been working and getting things prepared for our future especially building our dream house soon. Hello everybody, how you doing? Where have you been? It's been so long since we last saw each other and I'm so sorry that I haven't been around for a little bit but let me explain why. I have been over here in California just trying to work on as many projects as possible so I can earn as much money as possible because God knows that we need money for the mission. I'll be joining Willa over in Vegan City early next year and pretty soon after that we're going to start on our build project which we'll be doing on the land that we purchased in December of 2021 but I just really appreciate the great job that Willa has been doing on her own with the channel. She continues to put out great videos, she gets better with everyone and I just wanted to kind of drop in, just kind of update you on what I've been doing not only by been working but I have also been preparing over here and I'm going to share what I've been doing in just a second. All right guys I am back as promised to show you all the things that I'm doing to get myself prepared to move over to the Philippines and join Willa forever. All right guys the first thing that I'm going to suggest that you do is pair down, get rid of as much stuff as you possibly can. That means you want to sell, you want to donate or you want to give away everything that you have. Try and sell as much as you can because we all need money for the mission. Try and donate as much as you can because there's a lot of people out there in need and don't try and throw away a lot of stuff unless you're a little bit of a order like me then you probably have a few things that you can probably toss but yeah so pair down, sell, donate and trash. Okay the next thing that you guys want to do is you want to buy clothes. All right not everything is going to pitch you over in the Philippines I know it doesn't for me so you want to buy clothes out of your style and your size. Myself I'm going to buy some for now and I'm going to buy some for later that way that's one less thing that I have to worry about in the future and everybody when it comes to packing pack only what you need because you're not trying to move the whole house over to the other side of the world. Number one that would be too expensive and number two that just be too much to handle so pack only what you need and that goes for not only what you're going to be flying with but also what you're going to be shipping via cargo and that leads me to my next item. So when it comes to finding a cargo company I know everybody's go to company as LBC because they're the most widely known they're the most marketed so we all know who they are but the problem with LBC is that they have you itemize everything and when you itemize everything there might be some things that they deem as too expensive and they're going to want to charge you tax for bringing it into the country. So LBC not for me I chose to go with Forex F O R E X we'll put a picture of their logo on the screen and with them all you have to do is just give a blanket term like household items kitchen items office items and then they will gladly ship that over. Nobody's none the wiser they don't know what you're bringing in and they won't charge you extra tax so consider going with Forex. Okay guys also before you leave you're gonna want to make sure that you settle all of your debts don't move to the other side of the world with debts in another country probably not good and if you're an out of sight out of mine person like me you're probably gonna forget so settle all your debts pay everybody off and that way you can start fresh and clean when you get over to the Philippines or wherever you're moving in the world. Also cancel all of your subscriptions your internet your cell phone your applications you know for your for your smartphone anything like that that you're not going to be using over there please cancel that you don't want to be paying for things that you're not using and then lastly extend all of your IDs your drivers license and your passport that way you're not caught by surprise later on in the future. Let's talk about getting to the Philippines so we're gonna do that in two steps step one is gonna be buying a one-way ticket from wherever we're at to the Philippines step two would be buying a throwaway ticket that's what we called in the expat industry and what that means is that you're basically you're not really buying a plane ticket you're merely renting the ticket information that will be recognized as being under your name by international airports for my one-way tickets or my round trip tickets I like to you I'd like to use a company called Way Away they have really competitive prices links down below and then also for the throwaway ticket I use a company called onward ticket and onward ticket only sells you know these these loophole tickets to make it appear as if you have a return flight leaving the Philippines or from wherever you're at in the world but it's about fifteen or twenty dollars you can't beat that price it sure beats buying a whole nother return ticket another thing that you don't want to buy and it's something that I always purchase when I travel is travel insurance and again I'll have a link in the description down below and it's something that I always get as a just in case now something does happen for the term of that insurance you're gonna have to pay out a pocket but you'll get reimbursed later on once all the paperwork has gone through and so what I use is a company called safety wing again I'll have a link in the description down below check that out and yeah you will get coverage and we all need to be covered and then when you get over to the Philippines you're gonna want to get fill a health and if you're going anywhere else in the world do your homework find out what you need to get so you can be covered so that's the update guys I'm want to thank you for joining me on this video I hope that all my tips in how to get prepared to move to the other side of the world I hope those helped you out I'm gonna continue to just stay on my grind over here continue to get on these projects continue to make whatever money that I can because it all it all helps and I will be seeing you guys sooner than later but nice to see you let's not be strangers take care I'll talk to you soon