 Future Friday. The freshest. You guys know that one of my past times is checking out clips of crowds, most specifically crowds in the Philippines and blowing away the artist. I haven't seen any of these clips, but I actually compiled these ones for us. It's Taylor Swift, Harry Styles, Low Cole and there's some insane moments apparently. It's really funny because I was looking at the comments and people were saying like, oh my god, we're always complaining that we're broke but as soon as there's an artist, we're always there. I'm compromise, baby, that's what it's called. And I think that just assess such a big deal of like culturally how people feel with music. Yes. It seems in the Philippines music, it's a relationship that it's way beyond from what anyone can understand from other parts of the world. It's in their veins. It's sort of, yeah, I guess it's sort of similar with... It's like part of their DNA composition. Yeah. The closest comparison we have today is like in South America, if there is music, you must dance. There is no way around it. In the Philippines, it seems if there is a gathering, they will be singing. I guess that's the closest comparison to that. But yeah, it's really cool that whatever happens, people always support music there, which is huge. Okay, so I'm not really sure what the situation here is, but I think this is like a fun, a sign thing. What is the audience? Where's Taylor? Oh, she's there. She's there. But it's like a very, it's like a really intimate thing. Like a private thing. Yeah, it's not like... Oh, it's a mole, bro. That's a mole? Or is she even there? Are they just gathering and singing around? What is this? Oh, that's just there. Oh, how is she going to say? Yeah, I really don't have much to say to this. You know what's also crazy? I don't think we highlight enough because we haven't seen that many videos. You know this, here, you see the crowd. You see how there's literally minimum security around it. Oh, yeah, that's true. That's crazy. Like that just shows that this happens often. And there's that etiquette of like, let's not ruin this for anyone. And actually, you see people are pretty calm, even though it's quite you- Yeah, it's pretty insane. It's much more swift in your mole, bro. Are you mental? Yeah, no. I have questions about this environment. That's ridiculous. That's ridiculous. I have another- What about the people that are just sort of eating in the top floor? It's got that for free. No idea, bro. Yeah, that's a real- I don't know how to answer your questions. Bro, look, there's no security. Everyone's just having a blast like etiquette, bro. We need that type of behaviour. Other parts of the world. I agree. I agree. I guess so nervous, bro. I see that. Yeah, there's literally- And yes, there she is. I don't know my god, we got this. You look like you want to stay. Look at people, though. Bro, that is insane. I don't think I've ever seen any other artists. I don't- I don't know. Wow, but like, they're really singing their heart out. Like, they're singing more than Taylor. What is that? That's the best thing. I don't know. I don't understand. Is she- Is she actually there? I can't tell. She did go to the Philippines, though. I know, I know that for a fact. I see that's uncomfortable. I'm confused about this whole thing, but it's badly. Is this Fang Nights? That's what I mean. So people- It's just- There's no way that she's actually there. I can't wish you. But they're- But they're- Hell if there's a person. I don't know either. It does look like. It's- That's it? I'm so blind. Bro, let me look at the comments. Is that Taylor? Nobody's answering the comments. If this is just a random day, that- If people just decided- It's cause of a f-ing move. I mean, it's- I'm- We're gonna blast. Well, it- I mean, it did happen with Britney Spears. There is a magical video. People just sing in Britney Spears for no reason in the middle of them all. Bro, someone put us out of a misery. Is this real? You're ready? What's she- What is it? Oh, hair styles. It's a little hard to- A little hard, I'm sorry. A little hard to- A little hard to- A little hard to- A little hard to- A little hard to- A little hard to- A little hard to- A little hard to- A little hard to- He's a good show. This is also his close-in song, by the way. Oh, my God. We got to go out. We got to go out. This is the crowd. That's the crowd. Oh, my God. This would break me. What's it again? He sounds so good, even the last song. Sounds like a worship session, I agree. It sounds like they're worshiping, though. Oh, so motion. I would lose my marbles. How long is his concert? I don't know. I have no idea, but he sounds good, even in his last song, though. That's crazy. He would be someone that I'll be really interested in checking out live. It's also interesting, obviously, this year, forget about traveling, because Alex goes back. But I ruined everything. No, no, no. But I think, like in the next few years, for sure, it would be really interesting to catch up with our favorite artists, but performing in Manila. Yeah, I think, honestly, if I'm part of that crowd, and that, like- It would make you tear up and- It would make you tear up and- That would break me. Absolutely. It would be- There's a couple of crowds that I would want to experience live. Like one, obviously, we've made it very obvious. Like Manila would be one. Japan, the Tokyo dome would be really interesting. Oh, my God, you're talking immense numbers here. I think Thailand is a great way to come to K-POP life. It's kind of very dedicated. It seems dedicated fans as well. I would love- In the Philippines, I'd love to do the thing at Anita Colossium. Oh, OK. I'd love to be there. That'll be a really interesting crowd, a really interesting, so- A lot of Asia, that's a very big venue too, then. Yeah, there's a- The festivals, per se, because I know this festival's going on right now in the Philippines. Yeah. The program with the festivals is that you're going to get such a different array of people and fans. Also, you get- That may not know all the songs of all the artists. That's right. So then you don't really have these moments that strongly. But if you go to a specific- There are great moments though. Yeah, but if you go to a specific concert where the- You know, all the fans are going to be there. They're going to sing. It's like dedicated fans. Yeah, exactly, yeah. This is also- OK, so this is before Harry starts, it really came out. You know how they play music before the concert starts? I'm presuming this is the VIP thing here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah, General Admission is seated, which is really cool, by the way. But yeah, so this is way before the- He even started to- He came out or his band was out. This is just- The fans just hype themselves up and sing into the- The normal music, like listen to this. Rah, come on! This is even before the concert started. How magical of an atmosphere you're feeling though. It's like good- It's good arena. That's fucking mental. And they're not even- They're not even trying yet. This is just, you know, woohoo! Jinners before the show. Oh, local! Yeah. Oh, shit, I could like- OK. OK, let's go in. This is Jinners. He's so cool. He's so charismatic. I love him. I gotta say, he's really, really, really good life. Oh, my God. If he's ever coming to- Obviously. I just want to come. Yeah, if he comes to your tent, he's already been there. He's already been here. Yeah. But if you haven't seen him and he comes back and you- Please spare some money, for some sense to go do the show. The last role doesn't matter. He is. He is. Brilliant. He's such a great, life performer. He really is a performer. And it's so great. And surprisingly stable. Like, he does a lot of jumping around and a lot of messing around and stuff. Such a tight man. But he's surprisingly stable as a rapper and as the songs he's got, they're very well arranged. So charismatic on stage as well. Very cool. I'm sorry, impressed by him. I feel like there's- It must be crazy for him to like see that, yeah. And they're singing in Korea by the way. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Okay, guys. Okay. You know what's funny when people say one more, obviously the schedule and stuff is made to allow for that. Promise if there is a curfew, depending on where you're located. Bro, the fine is per minute. Yes, yes. That you're over. It's what people don't know about these venues. The penalty is per minute. That's right. And they're hefty penalties as well. I'm not even subscribed to god since it's 10,000 per minute. Yeah, you're talking. No matter if you're over the curfew time which I can't remember what it is. I think it might be 12. It's fucking ridiculous. And people say one more. I'm always in the crowd like, yeah, yeah, totally. Totally. Bank it down. It's done. At first I didn't know about this. So, I got a practice, a real quick and a last time, because this last time, last time. Okay, one more. One more, okay, okay. God bless you, bro. Bro, you have no idea how fucking famous it is. I think it's a kid's drama though. Yeah. It's you. He's like, ah, the flat. He's the other thing as well that I think people forget. When you're an artist in any part of the world, you're essentially made to fail. The probabilities that you was an artist at your own art will make it to the top that will be sung by thousands of people, life, and you sold out the arena, and you're making money now, and that you have a team of people behind you, and that you're making hits and you're in charts. The probability of that happening, it's basically zero. So, when you get to see these moments, that smile of this fella here, that's like, that's GNU, bro. That's like, fuck, I beat the odds. I beat the odds. It is, yeah. That wasn't meant to be him. All of these artists, like the Harry Styles and all these shit, they, for some reason, and somehow they manage to make it. But you're not meant to. It's a brutal fucking world, and it's a brutal industry per se. The fact that, especially when it's life, that's when you see how successfully performer or a singer actually is, because that's actually when they're getting a bit of money in their pocket, that's actually when they're seeing the interaction for the fans. That's when they're working their hardest as well. It is the most brutal part of music for the artist. It's a really grueling experience, a touring experience, but it's also one of the most gratifying ones. Rewarding. Yeah, so it really is like... Look at that smile, man. Yeah, yeah, that expression really tells all the hard work and all the sacrifice. There is one moment, there is that one second that makes you realize that you took the right path, you sacrificed it all for the right reasons. And it's such a... Again, it's such a high end in a moment of unexpected difficulty, because you don't know how hard that day must have been for him. He must be jet lag, probably really tired from the rest of the tour. Hungry, dehydrated. You don't know all these things that play a role into a person's mood, and then they stand there, and they have that one moment. The biggest reward. Yeah, they have that one moment that changes their whole perspective. That's what it means. It's so immensely special about it. It seems about sort of the Filipino crowd per se. And you know, it's unbelievable to see it. It's so special, it really is so special.