 Singapore is a very well organized city. It's very international very Singapore I mean it's kind of humid here, but Hello I'm from Poland Poland! Next to Germany! Yeah exactly. Okay thank you so how long have you been staying here? Like four months? Four months, very long time. What are you doing? Starting at SMU I'm an exchange student so four months and Okay thank you so what is your first impression of Singapore? Well you know Singapore is a very well organized city that was my pretty much first impression and all the buildings, all looks very modern so I gotta say that the first impression was a pretty amazing Thank you so much that's a direct Singapore Yeah I like it very much I'm from Malaysia Malaysia okay thank you so how long have you been staying here? Probably about eight months Eight months? Yeah Are you living here? Yeah I'm working I'm working Yes thank you so much so much so much so what is your first impression of Singapore? I think it's pretty safe here you can walk at night around the streets and you won't really find any danger or anything and it's very clean too Yeah so that's probably my first impression Thank you so much so do you like Singapore? Yeah absolutely yeah And from them? Yeah okay thank you how long have you been staying here? About two years Okay thank you so many people say what's the impression of Singapore? Singapore is very clean and very good also safety and I think for law a very good and lightest in this area I'm from Jakarta Indonesia Okay the city right? Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah So how long have you been staying here? Just tonight? Oh tonight? Yeah yeah yeah this is my third day here Okay thank you so what is your first impression of Singapore? The city is very organized Everything is very clean the public transportation is very good It's nothing compared to my city but yeah we're getting better So I really really like in Singapore I am from the United States, Colorado Thank you so how long have you been staying here? We're here for five days on this trip and two days before Okay what do these things do to Singapore? We have been all over we did said Tosa, Chinatown, Little India Marina Bay, Sand The duct tour we did some of the touristic things and then just walking around Okay I think it's so much fun So what is your first impression of Singapore? It's very very clean, very safe What was our first impression of Singapore? Everything runs very efficient, innovative Yeah a lot of good things Do you like Singapore? Yes very much so I am from India India okay thank you how long have you been staying here? It's been three months now Three months? Are you working? No I'm studying Studying? What is your major? I'm studying in a culinary school at sunrise Yes So it's been three months now And I was here for my internship in Changvila So that's it Okay so there are many countries in the world right? Why did you choose Singapore? Because my family before came to Singapore they liked it a lot So they recommended me to come here That's why I made it But the city is very beautiful Okay thank you And very safe As a main topic so what's easy about faster impression of Singapore? It's amazing, amazing the people, the places, the food, amazing What is your favorite Singaporeian food? My favorite is chicken rice and carrot cake Okay so you like Singapore? Yeah I like, I like Hi I'm Sean from Taiwan Okay thank you so how long have you been staying here? Six years Six years, how long are you working? Yes working Okay thank you so what is your first impression of Singapore? First impression Singapore is very fast city I think Very fast city and very clean That's it I am from Germany Germany Okay thank you so how long have you been staying here? I arrived yesterday evening and I will leave tomorrow Okay only two days Okay so what is this thing of all? I was walking through Chinatown just now and I had some nice Indian food And yes I'm very impressed of it A lot going on, a lot of very good food and nice people Thank you So roughly, will you like Singapore? Yes I want to come back I'm from Indonesia, Jakarta Okay thank you so how long have you been staying here? Just from yesterday Yes, I did Okay thank you so many topics So what is your first impression of Indonesia? I'm not sorry What is your first impression of Singapore? It's clean, it's tidy And it's very polite to people in here Yeah that's all Do you like Singapore? Of course Yeah I do like it very much I'm from Austria Okay thank you so how long have you been staying here? I've been staying here for two nights yet I'm gonna stay here eight more nights Okay thank you so much for my interview What is your first impression of Singapore? I think we're a very futuristic city Yeah And very clean and beautiful Okay do you like Singapore? Yes very nice city I'm from Guadalupe, French island in the Caribbean Thank you so how long have you been staying here? We are in Singapore for two days So we got the bus driver A personal impression of Singapore It's a beautiful country I like it And it's our I'm from the United States Okay thank you so how long have you been staying here? About five days now Okay what is it? What do you do in Singapore? Oh I've just been walking around Okay Just been exploring And so far I like it a lot Okay thank you for my interview What is your first impression of Singapore? This place is very modern I like it a lot I really like it a lot actually That's why I was originally only supposed to be here three days But I'm staying longer just because I like it I'm from Germany but actually Turkish Okay thank you so how long have you been staying here? Four days Four days Yes what did you do in Singapore? I used to study here and I came back to visit friends Okay yes What did you do in the morning? It was very impressive in Singapore It's very international Very exciting And safe and clean That's what I like about Singapore I can do whatever and I feel very safe And people have super super polite Yeah I'm from the Czech Republic Hey guys how are you? How long have you been staying here? In here I think like at the moment like five hours What's up? Yeah I just arrived here I just arrived What is your first impression in Singapore? It's a really cool place It's my first time obviously in Singapore And I really like it almost be in vibes And yeah I like it here I've been in Marine Bay and pretty sick And yeah I love it I'm from Brisbane Australia Okay thank you so how long have you been staying here? Six days Okay thank you so many topics What's the first impression of Singapore? Let's say that Singapore Definitely in Tosla Island That's the place to be at Singapore Okay thank you So do you like Singapore? Yes I do! It's amazing I'll definitely visit here again I'm from Dubai You are? Yes How long have you been staying here? Yesterday since yesterday Yeah But what brought you to Singapore? We want to see everything here in Singapore Yeah You know many topics What do you have? What's the impression of Singapore? Impression? Yeah this is a wonderful city Country actually So do you like Singapore? Yes I like it Do you want to be in Singapore? I want to see the China down I want to see MBS Everything And Tosla Park as well I'm from New York Okay so how long have you been staying here? I have been staying here for just a week So I've been to stay for a month This is in my relatives Okay thank you so many topics So what do you think of Singapore? Well Singapore I mean it's kind of humid here But I mean it's kind of interesting city You know you see a mix of a lot of trees With a lot of You know like the big shopping malls here Which you know most of the US Don't do it in this style But yeah I kind of enjoyed it Do you like Singapore? Yeah I think so Yeah it's pretty nice That's what you're going to think about it I'm from Indonesia How long have you been staying here? A week Okay thank you so what do you think of the Singapore? It's a nice and clean city I'm from California United States So how long have you been staying here? I don't actually stay here I'm just here on vacation I'm visiting a friend of mine What do you think of Singapore? First impression of Singapore It's very diverse I find it depends what area you're in For orchard I think it's Obviously it looks more high end over here Versus like you go out in the east It's a bit more calm It feels more local I feel Yeah you're wrong We're from Australia So how long have you been staying here? About two weeks Two weeks So what's the impression of Singapore? Lots of people Very busy and we call the transport Yes I think the best thing about this place is the convenience You can find a main wall literally 10 minutes from where you're staying Yeah Yeah