 Hello everyone, how are you? I'm Malika Young, I'm fine with you. Alright, so this morning I received multiple messages asking me to react to this Facebook video. And apparently it's a video of an a capella slash beatboxing group, but I was not told how many they are, what type of song are they gonna sing, you know, so I will be discovering it with you. But before we start, make sure to follow me on Instagram at music, because that is where you can DM your suggestions and without further ado, let's jump right into it. 4K, okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, 4K barrel Obladi Oblada, a capella cover. Okay, so I'm guessing the name of the group is 4K barrel and they're singing Obladi Oblada, never heard of this song before. But let's check it out. Okay, so 4 members and the first guy sounds like he's the percussionist. Is this a Filipino song? I'm not familiar with it. It reminds me of the Dol Waribi happy. You know what I'm saying? So it reminds me of that, but I am enjoying the simplicity of this song. I'm it. Their harmonies are wonderful. Who is also doing the shaker? I think it's the guy with the glasses, right? The guy who started doing the bass and the percussionist, right? And then I think the guy on the left completely is doing the... What is that supposed to be? Like a guitar? Horns This is so cool. I'm out of my mind I'm out of my mind Jinna, come on, let's go Jinna, come on, let's go There's one in Molly, Joes Have the ever after written market place The only list to sing a little bit There's one stage that's holding As it's pretty crazy Anything she's a singer in the band Oh, bloody, bloody, bloody Bloody, bloody, bloody, bloody Bloody, bloody, bloody Bloody, bloody, bloody, bloody I gotta say this is a very nice change of pace Because I usually react mostly to Render Filipinos who sing very well Using the karaoke machine But here, true, they are using four mics, alright But they are not using karaoke machine Because they are the instrument as well Right? A capella and beatbox Awesome I can hear the reverb, especially when he does the shaker There's no sense of talking, there's no sense of breathing There's nothing you can think just to see the little bit Oh, bloody, bloody, bloody, bloody Bloody, bloody, bloody, bloody Bloody, bloody, bloody, bloody, bloody Oh, bloody, bloody, bloody, so yeah, that is the name of the song It's a wonderful harmony I really enjoyed their chemistry And their synergy and their happiness They convey so much positive energy and happiness Can you imagine? I don't even know this song And it still made me smile and it made me feel good So I can only imagine how it would make me feel If they performed a song that I know And I think that they would be able to perform the song that I mentioned Don't worry, be happy Because it's very simple There aren't too many instruments to imitate And I feel like this obladi, was it, obladi, oblada song? It does not have too many instruments I heard the bass line, shaker, a trumpet I think, and maybe a guitar or another bass That could be another bass It was so much fun Plus, I'm not used to seeing a group and a cappella group of Some of them may be middle-aged Usually, music nowadays is like a young man's game So it's nice to see people that aren't too young doing this kind of stuff Awesome, and of course, they wouldn't be full of pino If they weren't singing around food and drinks That's just a fact Anyway, I really, really enjoyed it Thank you so much for this video It seriously made my day I started with it and I did a good thing It's good to start with it It put a smile on my face and now I can continue with my work feeling awesome So thank you so much, let me know in the comments section below your thoughts Marami, marami, marami, marami, salam al-amat po And I really do hope that this reaction video will also put a smile on your face Now, if you found value in it, obviously, then do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here