 Vitya Friday. Diffreshes. Okay, the effort take over continues. In case you didn't know, I don't think I mentioned this in the previous video, but let's guess a little bit injured. She's still here, but she needs to rest. That's what the doctors have said. And we've got to follow that doctor's advice. Now the doctor also ordered that I check how we don't die. We multiply, motherfucker. Keep my hopes up. This is from 1-8-7 mobsters, which is a, I think is actually the coming together of a bunch of rappers from the Philippines, different hoods, different neighborhoods, different, I don't know if it's different provinces as well, probably is. And they've all come together for this. This happened 10 years ago, but it's been so requested lately. And since rap, effort, rap, perfect match, let's give it a watch. You can chop, be man, I bet. And look, I'm going to say this straight off the bat. I guarantee you, because if like this guy is really what they're about, and we all know like, especially like in Venezuela, all the rapping groups and stuff like that, they were heavily involved in a bunch of shit. So I'm just speaking from that experience. Like if they would live until they were 30, that was a fucking miracle, you know what I mean? It's like, they are not a gang shit. These guys and just the cultural role of hip hop. Sometimes that's what kind of makes you sad about it. So I hope everyone that's in the fucking group, it's still doing well. And that they're, or everyone that was in the video's tool doing well. But let's give it a watch. It's a reminder so much back home, man. Uh-huh. We done. Nice. So I would like to clean. We multiply. Karma. Karma. Jesus. Haha. Jesus. Fadi. There was always one Giza La La in the hood. Always, bro. I guarantee it doesn't matter what you're from. There's always big D-don, you know? Big. One, eight, seven. Mums. They still sell that merch. I actually looks fucking fine. I want to get it. Sito S. Bosbalista. Family. Family, a situation. What the fuck else do I know? YouTube, that was in the gun. That was in the gun. That is a toy water gun. I don't know. Oh, I love him. That thing as well in the Philippines. Moped's back home were a fucking huge deal. I mean, anyone that had a moped, there was like, what would you call it? It was a sand on the street that you were up to no good. Right? But it's like in the Philippines, apparently, the traffic is so fucking tough. That I guess a moped would be the best form of transport. I don't know. Bro, stop pointing that shit at the camera man, man. Machen the camera man. Nice piano in the back. Jesus, fucking cross. Is it in the funny how? Is it in the funny how like street art? It seems as well in the Philippines, like in the street lingo, you would say. It's like back then where there was no social media, anything like that. This was the same as when Venezuela. It's kind of the same in Colombia as well, Brazil. When there was no Facebook, my space, not that shit. The way rumors or if you had street cred or if you had like, you became somewhat not infamous, but also well known in a specific place, is if street art would say your name. Or if they would make paintings of you. Or if the buses started having the public transport had graffiti of the name of the gang. Yeah, it's public art. That's how you, that was cred. That was acknowledgement from the community. It's fucking mental. Seems the same. But in Latin America, it's very big. Blah, blah. Santa Negro. Oh, Bhutan. Bhutan Hero. Oh, I like that Bhutan Hero. What the fuck, what name? Pistola. Fuck. Fuck Prince. Like the Rosario bro, like the Rosario in English. Yeah, it's like this guy could have literally be either born in Colombia or the Philippines, don't. Big, big, tall. We die, we multiply. We multiply. Cost one. Now my brother, you are blessed. And that goes everywhere. Maybe it's the different. Oh. I like that guy. I love the Rivers guy. He's a honest person. Wow, tell me this is 10 years ago without telling me this was 10 years ago. We're getting wrapping everywhere, bro. Kips. Low down. That's really nice flow there, really nice. Last month. I want to buy them merch, bro. Jesus. Jesus. I like this guy a lot. J-twist. So many benefits to again, I've said this before, but there's so many benefits to, of course, this is, is it even worth like putting into the equation on why they're so good? Yeah, probably, yes, probably, you know, it's just an observation. But Tagalog itself has so many advantages when it comes to rap. And the reason why it sounds so, it stands out so much linguistically, like if someone was listening to it, they'll probably be like, oh, what the fuck? What was that? It's because, by this mention, that before, especially like in singing, there's, you know, there's lots of twang, a lot of the time, which means it's like it comes from up here, right? And the glottal, the glottal on sets, which is their angst, right? The botan. Well, that's actually funny because you have a plow-sip with glottals. Right. So essentially, you're creating somewhere of a, and in your musicalizing speech to some extent without even noticing. And that's just kind of like a perks and benefits to specific languages. For example, I've mentioned this in the past as well. If you'd like to listen to something new, that would be something great. The syllabic nature of, or a good example of benefits of a language. The syllabic nature of Japanese does allow for a greater, rhythmical play through a language in rap. And it seems also Tagalog is one of them. Uh-huh. Sparrow. Uh-huh. It looks mento. Uh-huh. Sparrow. Nice. Say, batatag, batatag, batatag, you know, it's so different, right? Tuklas. Nice. Huda. Huda. Huda. Limitation. Television. Abadong. It's a good place to shoot, actually, eh? Shoot videos. We're going to the last stretch. Yep. We multiply. We multiply. We multiply. We multiply. We multiply. We multiply. We multiply. We multiply. Tuklas. Totsflow. Nice. You gotta be always ready to be up on the考 and everything's gonna pop your love And I'm permis and like my thing I'm like guy next village, big motherfuck And the f**k Russia This guy has a double-in his throat. It sounds like two people at the same time. I think he did layer his voice. That sounds sick. Yeah, definitely. Very old school. doughnut. Aaah! right the essay Oh Pull camera man genuinely He's got that camera man invincibility Dude I want to get there merch so bad the mobsters Jay will coming with the Ironman Oh smoochless no way that's so cool Yeah rap battles in the Philippines is huge are huge so Oh I like him Imagine you walk in right you guys just gonna just want to get a tattoo of Pikachu right and then you see this Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait Blam you see this shit. Sorry guys. I just want to get a tattoo Pikachu You know it You know I'm pretty good at nice lads you don't want to get in the wrong side but you know what I mean I feel like he's got a sense of humor though That's why I always like like obviously lads hit you in the fucking mouth And it's not very nice the cards you've been dealt you see the kill will be killed But it's like I think as long as you always keep your sense of humor about you and you're wits about yourself You you I think essentially you will go through it in a more enjoyable manner Mike Moses Mike Cosa Like Nice Somebody send me merch! What the fuck is his name? The Innocent One! Right? This is one of these guys and they all decide it's like actually we're all gonna dis you back in a track. We mold the blind! The blind! That's a 14 minute fucking track! Damn! Yeah I wanna get their merch man! Okay ladies and gentlemen well there you have it! Actually the channel is only like they opened it in 2011. They opened it a year prior to that. Let us know what you guys does for NMO 187. New mob order, 1.87 mobsters. Let us know if you guys would like me to check out more or when violence back I'm pretty sure you would love to see this as well. It reminds us so much of back home obviously completely different language. Ironic that it reminds us so much of back home because the Philippines is so far away from South America. But at the same time culturally from what we've discovered it kind of makes sense as well. That was somewhat familiar but this is really when you get to scratch your head because this is like culture culture of... This is like street culture of a never part of the world you know. And the fact that it's so similar maybe it even has something to say of how truly intertwined we once were and we probably are. We just don't notice. Good bye!