 But you're Friday. The freshest. Biff. Alright. This is good. I haven't heard any of their work recently, so this happened, I think, last year in June in Milan. Well, funnily enough, it says that 2017. Look. Ah, yeah, well there you go. It was posted in 2020, that's right. So maybe, but this is something that got requested in the past and we've managed to get around it. It's of, some of my favorite discoveries that we've made actually from the Philippines. They call them magical singers and they're kind of like choir, they're a choir, right? So this is the, I think they're in Milan or something. Yes, they are, they are. I also want to say shout out to everyone getting merchandise. We've got, that's upside down. We've got new phone cases. Different colors. Different colors now. So make sure you go to FitchFartistore.com. I do want to say that this is limited edition, so at the end of February, that's it. They've gone forever, right in the bin. What? Why, why, why he talk like that now? No, the bin, a virtual bin. Mama, what, you've raised him wrong. Which is it? I'm a wonderful boy. But yeah, this is the last time we can get things. We were playing at church. Okay, but there are the outfits. So cool. So cool. So cool. So cool. So cool. So cool. That's meant to be. That's meant to be. That's the best argument I've got for the understanding of, there must be another dimension. Because everyone knows it. I think everyone knows it from the whole perspective of the soul and the connection. And the music explains that really well. The idea of beauty. So to certain extent, so does music. It does. There's literally no purpose. There's no evolutionary purpose to music. There's no evolutionary purpose to beauty. It provides no, it doesn't make us more likely to survive. It doesn't make us more likely to be to procreate, not all. No, no, that's attractiveness. That's different. But beauty, like a beautiful cascade. That's beautiful. A sunset. That provides no value. Okay. Right? Evolutionarily speaking. Okay. But it provides something much more ethereal, which is what beauty represents. Is this sort of connection to the unknown? It generates emotions, untangibility. It creates the idea of love. It creates inspiration. And this is kind of the idea of the muse. You are connected to this sort of a supreme divine entity that then provides you with ideas. And you're kind of like an antenna in the world. And these ideas come to you. Some people call it God, other people call it the universe. In this case, obviously, they're, you know, the relationship with religion is practically. But, especially, I think that's obviously a Catholic church, would you imagine? Yes, yes. But music at this level and this kind of frequency, it's the best example I've got of, of, like, kind of like what the meaning of life is, because then that comes from that idea of beauty, source, no evolutionary purpose either. But yet, it's present everywhere. Yes. Right? So that can be a coincidence. Same as music. Music. You could look at it in its most row as form as entertainment, as enjoyment, as joy. Right? But it is inherently intertwined with human history. Same as art, same as sports. Is innate. Yes. It's like we have this urge to create, we have this urge to also be attracted to these things. But there's something, there's something that it's created when the, there's an external element that it's enhanced when the whole music element, it's all provided by human voices. The, the ethereal essence of it's being, I don't know, energized or I don't even know how to put it into words, but when it's all by not instruments, but the human voice, I think there is something, there's an external power there. Because you, you see it in football matches when everybody chants the same song. There's, there's something else at play there that it goes beyond just the chant or what they stand for. But is, is the energized, I don't know, congealed unity thinking that happens in that, in that moment. And I think it is the same principle here. Obviously, obviously, taken to a brand new level and really connected to something so thin and I don't know. I think what I want to try, what I'm trying to say is this is what makes I think humans unique and it's not, I mean, from the little study I've done. I don't, I don't think is our capability of language. I don't think it's our intellect. I don't think is, is our, that's not what makes us the apex in nature. I think what makes us elite, what makes us, what makes us human, the best species that there is on earth, right. Is that our capability to connect with the untangible? That's what give that, that's like a superpower. But for some reason, we just haven't realized that that's like our superpower. Like we have the capability to express messages and connect with people regardless of what their story is or regardless who they are, where they come from, what they're going through. We're still able to connect through them through this untangible form of inspiration that then becomes orderly and we make music in notes. Yeah. And everyone there is feeling the same thing I am, which is fucking crazy. Yes. You know, that's bizarre. That's like, that's what I think. They're giving form to something that doesn't have a body. And that's why I always say, if aliens come to earth, right, and I would, you know, it was me in the forefront, what a bad choice. Just know if that does happen and I do volunteer myself a run. No, I just, I just run because it's good go very badly. But yeah, like you would show them music first and then you show them art and then you show them the best of people and the best of people is that. That's what makes us the best music art sports. Yeah, communal like that idea every religion has this idea of worship where we become one this of high-fmind, you know, we all congregate in one place, any religion. That's fucking crazy. That's mental. I can tell aliens don't do that shit. I'm serious. I don't think aliens make music if they do exist. I don't think they do that. I'm pretty sure they exist. No, because... No, I'm pretty sure they exist. I think they'll just communicate telepathically melodies or some shit and I'll be like lame. I can do this. Garage band bro. Let me show you where I found my phone. But I think that's what makes us special. Not not our capability of language and politics and technological advancements. Sure. But well, the fact that the world isn't in flames constantly and we're not constantly at war, that's a miracle. Cost us billions of us with different perspectives on everything. Yeah. You know, so the fact that we're not all killing each other, that's a miracle. That's crazy. That's unbelievable to me. Obviously, and again, like, presidencies and politics, and I was like, that's an impossible job. Like, people get so angry that we're like, it's so hard to do. Hey everyone, it's mental. It's like an impossible job. But that, we're the best at that. That's right. Where truly, and it comes from within, it's like we're made to do that stuff. And that's what keeps us at ease. That's where music's so popular, it's what artists are so popular. That's why sports attracts people in a manner that nothing else does. I just don't understand how it ignites. That's no idea, yeah. The feelings that it does. But we sound, typically, this is less... This is an enigma. Yeah, woohoo. You know, less magic. Perhaps, yeah. Correct. Yeah. I would still stand with my hypothesis. For enough. Jonathan Johnson. I just imagine as anyone's scientist. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I know, I know, I know. I know, I know. I know, I know. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Take that, it was a beautiful song. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I swear, I'm dead. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Wants to leave me. It is a life, it's a life unwind. Oh, my God. thatcend tightly thatalmost They have no directs. No, no, nothing. I appreciate it sometimes when we make this. But even then, this is the level of music that I just, again, language does not matter. That's insane, bro. It's insane. And yeah, that's the other thing. We can reach such a... Oh, well, Uchida. What a nuts, bro! What the hell? Listen, listen, I brought you all to the machine. No, you don't need to. It is crazy, dude. Crazy. It reminded me of all school, like the first ever choirs that were introduced in the harmonies. Those harmonies in Disney for the first time. They're so hard to achieve. Hercules is about to lift the bow down. No, it's hard. Maybe for Hercules, I'm talking like, you know, it's no white, I'm talking like, you know, sleeping beauty. They've seen those movies. I know of them. Yeah, the original, they have all of this. What's the one with the seven elves? That's not elves. It's dwarves. Dwarves. And it's a... What is the difference? Elves have many ears. And they have magic beans. But dwarves? They're not small people, let me... But they know magic. No, I don't think they were magic. I think they were just mind workers. Okay. And... It's no white. No white, yeah. Okay, okay. So, yeah, you're saying. What is this? It's all right. It's just the choir work. It's just insane, obviously. Hour isn't... I think. Years of practice. But... The person who uploaded this might have been in it, right? I don't know, maybe. I don't know, maybe... Back when I had the rare opportunity of nodding my head on that side of the semi-circle, deeply honored to have led such talented singers, Philippine Madrigal singers, concert in Italy. Oh, show me the level of his name. Sport. E-Eli Matthew Maniano. Maniano. Yeah, okay. One of you sent this. So... This is amazing. So he's the director. Because the song originally was heard by Lani Nisalucha. Book person, Lani, guitar, mamamali. Mamamali. That's why you know it. I want to say what the fuck? Because I love Lani. But it's been possessed. I freaking love Lani, okay? Her work is insane. But this version... Mental. I wonder what she thought of it. I wonder if she's seen it. Everyone said this to her. Yeah. Not her videos. They heard the original. I'll put it on and the description below. You can go show the support to this. This is great. Look, he did clear the loon by himself. Well, clear on it. Vocally. Oh. The bussy. The bussy. That's a classical piece, bro. It's a piano piece. He's the only vocal. What in the world? It's required the bike. Oh, I thought you were trying to look at me. This is a piano piece. It doesn't matter where you're from. You want to love this shit. Mental. Mental. What are you doing? You see what I'm saying? There's so many levels of singing. There's just so fucking many. People think it's like... And this is what annoys me. It's like, I don't have anything against the people I'm going to say. Nothing. I love... Do not do nothing. I stream their music. No, no. But people think it's like some of these guys. Don't mention it. No, they think they're some of these guys. They're like, I mean, the charts and stuff. Because they make a couple of songs. And then it's like, and they write songs for all these pop artists. And they're like, oh, their musical genius is like... Who? It's like, musical what? Bro, you... And then they think themselves. They start out with making TikToks pretending they know every chord in the world. Like, no, you fucking don't. No, you don't. There's levels to this game, dude. There's so many levels to that game of music. And you're just not it. You're not it. You're good. You're really good. You're really good. You must say it. No. Okay, you're really good. You're really good. Okay, you're fine, mate. But there's levels and people above you. So you should remain humble. You should live through a mantra of humility. And then you should live through a mantra of humility. Yes. When it comes to music, because there's always someone who's a genius, times ten more than you. Right? Just because you sell more than him doesn't mean you're better than him. You did tweet. Yes, I did. This pisses me off a lot. And always because these people worship these guys as well. They're like, oh, we can guess everything. I say, oh, no, he can't. How can you know levels? You just don't know the levels. And then they look, they're all limited to this little region in the world. Like, oh, I just know, I just know about this spot. Thank you. You're welcome. It's not about this spot. You're welcome. It is not. Why have a platform for people like, I'm roast, the people I don't like. Because it's negativity. Youngness is there. Negative negativity out there. If you put that energy out, it will come back as a boom, boom rank. One that type of energy out there. But you're entitled to your opinion. And therefore you're sharing it. And I like them. Like I'm saying this. I have nothing against the people I'm talking about. I actually stream their music. I like them. Because they're really good. And what they do. Yes. Yeah, genuinely. Like they're really good at what they do. But I just, it pisses me off that they go around talking and seeing us if they're the Messiah. It's like, what? Yes, yes. People worship them in that manner. And the biggest concern is not even that. Like that's just, I guess, meh. There's garbage-shitty people everywhere anyways. But the problem is that most people seem to be locked in this regional area of the world. Let's say it's the US. Let's say it's the UK. Let's say it's other than our everywhere else. Right? But just that tiny little bubble. Right? And that's it. And then all the best musicians say, it's like, no, they're fucking not. You idiot. Yeah. Yeah. There are good musicians there. There's also good musicians in some roles. There are geniuses in this positive world. There's also geniuses in other parts of the world. And arguably, there are some of the best musicians in the world. Most people don't even know their names. That's right. That's right. I annoys me. The display of what we just saw. That's elite. It virtually leaves you speechless. And vocally speaking, I mean, I could go on for hours about the technicalities that had been displayed in that particular video. But the intricacies of the piece itself already opposed us a challenge. Like, my musical knowledge is kept out with this type of, when I'm encountered by this type of talent display. Because it's not only the knowledge, but it's the execution. And it's the emotional, you know, like, ignites this new fire in the audience. So therefore, I could never possibly, you know, try to depict everything technically out of this type of performances. I am kind of lost in wonderment. What? Yeah, like in... What? Yeah. Yes. The reading I love here. I have. I don't even need it. I don't have British races, actually. But yeah, I mean, fantastic. I will check more of his work out. Please, people. Show him all the love possible in the world. Matthew, Matthew, bro. Maniano. Jesus. God loves you. You're his favorite child. Do show him all the support. And the magical singers are just unbelievable. I mean, I think most people know that. But if you didn't know you do. And good bye. Yeah.