 Alright guys, this is Smith. Okay, today reacting to Pinoy's song, which is It's Simo, Dice and K9. Well, one of my subscribers recommended for me to react to this song. I guess it's a bit of a song, but It's Simo. Wow, this is Japanese, isn't it? Meaning always. So, okay, I get it. You guys want me to judge. Japanese like song made by Pinoy, right? So, okay, yeah, count on me. It's my thing actually. I'm vocal good after all. So, let's get into it. If you enjoy the content, give it a thumbs up. And consider subscribing if you're here. So, let's get into it. Oh, some song Japanese instrumental. Hip hop test with Japanese instrumental, huh? It's cool. I've heard of this kind of song before, but let's listen. So, this is a love song, right? Nice lyrics. So, it's about the love, right? Deep love for your girlfriend. Well, so far, it's typical commercial hip hop song. I need something more special. Come on. And I'm here for you. Believe me, because my love is true. You want to get it. So, that was Japanese, right? But looking kind of weird, it's about the feeling of the heart. I want to be the heart of the future. I guess it says Japanese, but it doesn't make sense. But if I guess it says meaning it's about the feeling of the heart of the future. I want to be the heart of the future. So, it's more meaning always. It's coming sometimes. So, these words are lining up in the same sentence, meaning it's not happening yet, but hope it happens always in the future. So, that's why meaning I will always want your love in the future. Even if I fell in love with someone else. Oh. Okay. Of course, fresh love is end. Suppose to be end in the end. Oh, no. It's got to be here in the second week. So, it's got to be in the second week. So, it's got to be in the second week. Which means different. In that case, it's different meaning. So, meaning I want your heart, even if you fell in love with somebody sometimes. Now make a sense. Yeah. And a good one. I guess this is a fresh love. So, your goal, you know, change her mind. They're feeling love someone else. But me, my love, don't change. Never change. My love to you never change. It's deep and so true. This is good, really. Next one. It's more. It's more. It's more. It's more. Doesn't make sense. If I guess it's more. I guess it should be that. So, meaning it's more. I always be in your heart. Yeah, it's really good message. But still, this Japanese is so weird to me. We usually say, I'm always in your heart. It's the same in your heart. I feel like it's not really clear. So, it should be changed. But yeah, it's a good one. I like this lyric. Next one. I love this one. Yeah, I love it. So, it's meaning the place for you always be there. Oh, man, this is good song. I'm sure Japanese girls will love it. Now I know this is a good song. I mean, they're good at carrying girls. You know what I'm saying? I'm sure Japanese girls will love it. Now I know this is a good song. I mean, they're good at carrying girls. I love it. Yeah, I love it. I love it. You want to get down with K&I and E. Make sure that's pure L-O-V-E and a. Never talk about the I-C-E, because I only get my H-E-A-R-T-4 while O-U. Yeah, this part reminds me of my school days. Yeah, the hip-hop songs that I used to listen. but Ryan, right? I'm not a good person, I'm always a good person I'm always a good person, I'm just a good person Baby girl, be my first lady, be the mom of my first baby You didn't like me when you first saw me, I'll be gentle, I do slowly Girl, I think it's better if you watch with me, I got dope Cause I just want this pilling D for you, I got all the T-I-M-P X, mommy's the best, but I'm not so sure, just doing my own thing Shit's more expensive than your fancy gold ring I don't mean this because I got to go there, mommy's don't care All for them ladies even chicks with no strings I just want your-I don't mean this because I got dope Cause I just want this pilling D for you I don't mean this because I got that you don't care Stay and take all you want, PENANGE I'm not so sure, it's a good name I feel like can't stand that Kheon in real life, like a hero She's not worthy enough to help others I love this song. This song is fantastic. I love it. It's a song based on Japanese instrument, soft and kind. I'm being hacked. How about this impression? Anyway, before in my previous video I reacted to a song from Izumiel, Omoshiroi. The song structure is the same as the It's the More. That was more like dark impression, expressing about a bad boy. So that both songs taste different. I like both. And Lerik, Olingol is fantastic. He's not really educated, but his love is true and deep. I think it's typical hip hop, Lerik. With Japanese lyrics, in the hook part he's got something special, he's got really new to me. Before I had to point out, there are some few mistakes in Japanese lyrics. If it's fixed, I'm sure many Japanese will love it. But obviously, for in a people who don't speak Japanese don't really care. So it's okay. I love it. That's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. Hope you like it. If you do, make sure to like, subscribe. So, my time is over.