 Kamusta mga kapraw, to this video episode ay pag-uusapan naman natin ang ilan sa mga international celebrity sa nalang pakita at nagpamaalas ng pagmamahal sa Filipinas. At ang ibanga ay napayibig pa sa ating kabayan. Mahal kitah! Mahal din kitah! Papa Filipino food has gone through the roof. And just the layout, so much adil. Mommy, you gotta have some of my mom's adil. Manila, we coast down the Manila every weekend or every chance we got. Manila is beautiful, I love Manila. I know it's a great, great town. If I you don't follow your own account, hemmy way, book. But there's such a nice family. Filipinos are so sweet. Are they on the fucking hillside? Get down from there! Get down from there, it's dangerous! Just kidding! I'm just kidding! What's up, kapraw? To this video episode ay pag-uusapan natin ang mga Hollywood sa celebrities na hindi lamang napapalilibe. Bagkos ay napa ibig pa sa Filipinas. At ang iba ay napa ibig ng Filipino. Bagot ay magpatuloi, siguraduing nakasabskribe ganah, para updated gassalahat ng ating Filipino moments video. Isanadjansit Chelsea Handler. Hindi lamang pala shang napa ibig sa Pinoy. Kunti marami pa sa kanyang pamilya. Hi, I'm Chelsea. She's Jewish. And your job. And I'm Filipino. And he's not the only Filipino who has infiltrated our family. My niece has been dating a Filipino man for five to six years. They'll probably get married. My brother Roy is in the Philippines right now about to marry his Filipino fiance. So the handler family has been infiltrated by Filipinos much in the same way the Kardashians have been infiltrated by Black men. So we have one more slot to fill and that's for my older sister Simone. If you're Filipino between the ages of 50s... Or whatever, 60-70s. It doesn't matter where you're Filipino. Not 70s. But when you're Filipino in 70s, you look 30s. So that's the best. But we're not only looking for Filipinos. You'd be Black Filipino. You could be Black Chinese Filipino. As long as there's Filipino, the handler will take you. We'll... The handler's love Filipino. We want more Filipinos. We can't be the handler's Filipino. Like that. Like a hot dog. Lighting the different sides of your relationship to enjoy the positions of a partner living in a place even with you. That's also consistent. ... but my Filipino fans, for sure. And thank you for just like, for caring and making this possible for me. Hindi din may kubli am pagmamahal ni Maraya Karis sa Pilipinas. I am so thankful to be able to speak to my Filipino fans. Because guess what? When I went to the Philippines, I had the greatest concert of my life. I have never felt more loved. I mean, there has been a lot of places where I felt very loved. But I felt so loved there. And so appreciated. And so just like, I feel like there was not a level of judgment that like I often experience from some people. I am a mixture of things and it was cool because I feel like people in the Philippines felt what I was dealing with. Speaking of singers, Abahindi magpapahuli am mga Filipino pagdating sa pagawit. Narito ang ilan sa mga commento ng mga Hollywood sa Liberty stong kul sa kanilang pagbilibat pagmamahal sa Pilipino. Pilipino musisitians, that learned my music as if it were their own and loved it enough to do it right and to put in a lot of hours. I have to tell you that I was a little skeptical when this job offer came in because they wanted me to work with Filipino musicians. But I have had a couple of instances in my life when I have gone to hear Pilipino musisitians. And I have learned firsthand that they are so full, that they are professional and that they are a whole lot of fun to make music with. Wouldn't you agree? All over Southeast Asia, any hotel lobby, any hotel bar, there's a Filipino band. And I've sat there drunk and challenged band after band, surely basing, no problem. All of dark side of the moon, no problem. All of guns and roses, no problem. That's a very sad thing. In the past, what happened to Filipino musisitians? And that's why we have to be happy. That's why they are so full of love. Why do you like working with us Filipinos? Because you are so ever-loving talented. Absolutely. There's kind of a thing in the entertainment business in general with people who know anything about artists who come from the Philippines. Whether it be a band on a cruise ship, or a house band in a club, or a singer in a lounge, you can tell if it's a Filipino artist or musicians because they know how to lay it down. They just really do. They are very professional, extremely talented. And in America, there's kind of this theory out there that black folks are the best singers and they have the best voices. And among black folks in America, we think that the best singers are from the Philippines. Wow, absolutely. We always talk about it. We tease about it all the time. It's like, did you hear that girl from the Philippines? She's from the Philippines. What do you expect? There's so much about Filipino culture. And what's insane to me is we're not a show about...we're not a show that's like...we're not a fresh off the boat or a blackish about specifically being Filipino. One of our characters happens to be Filipinos when we realize that no one else had even made the effort to show a Filipino family on an American comedy. It's taught me a lot about Filipino culture, Mabuhai. But it's also taught me really about how important diversity is if you want to tell a new story. And I don't think anything else I do from now on, I was just talking to my husband about this earlier. I would want to make it about people who are diverse, people of color, gay, trans, because those are stories that have not been told before. And America is a melting pot of immigrants and I don't think it's acknowledged half as much as it should be on television. This is what I'm talking about in the celebrities that I'm talking about. And I'm talking to my husband about this. And I'm talking to my husband about this. And I'm talking to my husband about this. And I'm talking to my husband about this.