 I met with dancers of Philippine. Let's go! I'm super happy today. I'm doing a video in my life in Saint-Tois. So Saint-Tois is just next to Paris. I'm visiting France for a month. So I'm super happy to be in France and make videos of France. To come back to the subject, I want to go abroad. What I try to do is to get some community. So often, I do what I do on the internet. And I get to get to get to the community like dance or music. I watch people who just do dance, organize events, music etc. So that's what I do often when I'm not in vacation. Then it depends on the places. But most of the time, I like to watch just before there are people who train. There are people who do music and often, often, I have a lot of friends. So in fact, in the Philippine, I had to do research on the internet. And I had to watch a lot of people who do dance. So what I did was that I contacted with them. And I met a person who just presented to me to other people. I had the chance to meet these people on the internet. I had the opportunity to be able to train with them one day. So what happened was that they invited me to come and train with me. So in fact, I went to train with them. I saw a little where they were training. We talked a lot and I asked them a lot of questions about the life of the Philippine, the life of his mouth. And that was the same. It was very hard to know how we lived in France and to my grandfather Canada. So in the advice also, with the dancers I met, they made a tour of the city in the scooter. They showed me some places where I can eat and they didn't buy. What I had to do, what I didn't do when I took the taxi and so on. In fact, they ran me to a place where there were a lot of things, it was a kind of big complex. There were people who did sports. And there were children who did dance. I trained with the dancers. So we did serr, etc. And what happened was that I saw a lot, a lot of small people who trained. Honestly, there was a lot of good things that happened. And the children came here because of curiosity. They looked at me a little bit, a very curious hour. So there, I had the chance to give a tour of dance to children. Look at this video and we will meet just after. Let's go! The first time I saw a lot of people, I was like, I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. I was like, I'm going to go to the airport. 【Until then】 【Until then CAChien la Zeit】 Honestly, after you were angry, after you were arguing with each other, Honestly, after you were angry, after you were arguing with each other, Honestly, I was super, super happy. It has truly made me happy. And honestly, it has not happened. who asked me questions just to know where I came from etc. I also have the chance to make circles with you see you in a small video Let's go! I'm going to make a circle with a circle and I'm going to make a circle with a circle and I'm going to make a circle with a circle and I'm going to make a circle with a circle with a circle and I'm going to make a circle with a circle with a circle and I'm going to make a circle with a circle with a circle and I'm going to make a circle with a circle with a circle and I'm going to make a circle with a circle with a circle and I'm going to make a circle with a circle with a circle and I'm going to make a circle with a circle with a circle and I'm going to make a circle with a circle with a circle and I'm going to make a circle with a circles and I'm going to make a circle with a circle with a circle and I'm going to make a couple circles Frankly, this dancing experience with Philippineけど if I end up doing it, I end up doing it without hesitation So here is my little dance experience in the Philippines. I hope you enjoyed this video. So don't forget to subscribe to the channel if you like it, share it, put a little comment if you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask questions. I thank you again for all, I say you soon, don't worry and be happy. Peace!