 Future Friday. The freshest. So you remember this guy? And it's all the same, but same. But it got just the same. After further examination he has been determined and it's conclusive that this **** is the absolute after dinner, Filipino singing menace. I'm happy to report that you guys keep sending us one more video of him that he's literally just done in September. Yeah. And I do. This is what he does. Like also he's got a great band as well. I think it's called Bucket Band and he's very popular and famous. But look at this. There's so much evidence that this is what he does. And he's presented to sing even the nights a better which is a. Air supply. The supply of air. The. The supplier. Air supply of air. And this guy all he needs is a bit of a he never. What is it called? Sang Miguel. Sang Miguel. And a bit of rum. Yeah. Let's give it a watch. He's just hanging when he's Told. He just he ain't Pat his prime right after dinner. Day off the dinner. I'm trying to remind you that I'm not right but now I'm not about you You're my friend Oh, right But I still share the sentiment though Because that's what it's about right like essentially that's what singing is it's just that I guess it's a skill round you can also make a living out of it But it's just to bring people together that essentially all started you just needed a used it had to express a message and then And then bam Then bam, brokstar, you know bam Yeah, but he is essentially like a fucking rock star. He's a living legend It seems other The thing is like I logged into my tech talk the other day like a couple of days ago And I get tagged in a lot of singing videos from different parts of the world red especially the Philippines a lot of the Philippines and I love it But he comes up so often so his TikTok is very active for this stuff like you know the say you know my sessions And I love them dude This guy is like It's like he took the best era of the rock of the 80s And encapsulated it and still has it today. It's like he bottled it you know how sick it's unreal The songs aren't easy And he's so lifted so beautiful I'm telling you dude I've tried those karaoke machines They don't sound like this No, you need to be that It's like a record, bro. So it really is he'd see these Oh bro, it's just so beautiful And he's so relaxed about it I always knew that he was someone to him Because like Yeah, it was too good In that first video that we ever checked out about from him it was like yeah wait a second Because these guys are like rock stars They're just playing it down type of stuff No, these have normal to be this good like you don't have to be sort of It is They are normally Yeah, no one knows what that means That means you gotta be like Where is it flamed? You need to be have had You need experiences There you go Don't move He's so good It's just such great vibes as well Bro It's so easy for him as well which is awesome It is It's kinda unfair how easy it is Oh okay dog Is he another thing And that's the thing that's everybody sings another thing Yeah, but nothing matters if like obviously he's you know fucking Bro can I just say something between us Like facebook is a lot of fun Fucking weird Wow, how did we go from karaoke sat in umand The Filipino after dinner singing menace Limuel Janice to fucking this polo But yeah the cool thing about that and we kind of experienced a little bit of that Like kind of like how how you know i guess the Filipino music industry is and like Filipino people and stuff And it just it's like that doesn't matter if you're shit It's more of a matter of like it's things you do with friends Yes correct The community will think it just happens that a lot of them are fucking insane singers But it's more it doesn't matter if you're crap you know It's more of like like it's the shared experience And the the at least that's what i noticed Yeah the like the impromptu memories that you can make out of this you know Yeah but i'm telling you he is a fucking manace After him after dinner with a drink is like Optimus Prime Like it is the best version of himself It's a joke i'd love to see him live and i'd love to check out his individual work So do let us know um i think apart from that it's pretty cool He rugs i love it