 These look like little tiny hamburger patties. Hey guys, welcome back to my channel. I'm Risa and today we are joined by my lovely Cousin Tahong L'Aque again. So we had tried out a ton of Filipino chips and snacks. You can go ahead and see that video right here if you missed it. Today we're diving into the sweet tooth version of the Filipino snacks. Let's see the causes of my cavities. So let's get into it. First up, Choco Crunchies. This is my favorite thing. On the inside it says, if desired, these delicious fancy smoked chocolate biscuits may be served before chilling. They've been served before chilling. Maybe chilled before serving. So we serve them and now we should put them in the refrigerator. They come in like little fancy foil. And our centrally biscuit dipped in chocolate. Yeah, we should have tea time with this. Oh, it says English quality. Is that a perfect? Okay, so imagine an English biscuit. Like maybe a little vanilla but mostly pretty plain, but it's the shortbread combo with the chocolate that like, it's like really nice. Like I totally would have this with tea time. Oh, if that was the thing that we did. Even with like coffee or... Mm-hmm. Served it chill. Right out. Yeah, that's like really nice with coffee. I give it 89. I give it 89.5. So next up is stichos. Kevin, you you had never had these before, right? No. But someone on Instagram was like, these are like the childhood snack. So... I mean, let's see. They look very childhood snack like. They are like pure wasps with their lighter. Like pure wasps are like chocolate. These are like cookie. Yeah, it's just a swirl that goes all the way around. It looks like they wrap. They had like the wrap of it. It works. It's a little, it literally feels like it's going... Like the coffee is going up. I bet you with with a hot chocolate. Oh yeah. I mean, that's what you do with pirouettes. Oh, it's actually kind of nice soggy. Socky is such a bad word, but like... No, I totally get you. It's like so... Yeah, because it kind of breaks down the chocolate. Get a glass of milk, put that in there, drink a little bit of milk, you get a little chocolate milk. In coffee, that was actually really pleasant. That was nice. I do have to try it with a coffee. Well, not right now. I'd give it a heady five. I'd give it a ninety two. And next, the leechee. Like you do like everyone pronounces it differently. Open it upright first, and then just get a little bit open. Do I suck the juice? Yeah, I don't. It kind of... Wait, so do I just like shot this? This is a yellow shot. This is a yellow shot. This is with no alcohol. You know when I went to the college, you put me like, you want to do a yellow shot? Oh, leechee. It seems same. Same same. Oh, there's alcohol in it. That's weird. You're so bad. Do you have anything to say? A little bit of a lot happened. It's not that it's bad. It's just a lot at once. I literally feel like a freshman in college right now. Play that was great. The portion control. I'd give it a sixty six. What are the better if you ate it with a spoon? Yeah. I give it because I love the leechee flavor. I give it a solid ninety five. I've been saying solid for everything, but like ninety five. Versus like a week ninety five. Yeah, like a week ninety five. Because for actual ninety five. Yeah, just a ninety five. Next up, Moby Crunchy Chocolate. Why is that so hard to say? Moby Chocolate Chocolate and Chef. Tukukukuichi. They look like a cheeto wrapped in chocolate. They smell like tutsi rolls. Yeah, that's what they smell like. They kind of taste like a corn puff tutsi roll. Coco puffs. These are better than I thought they were going to be. They like stuck to my finger when I tried to put them in my mouth. These are like airy cocoa puffs. They're like if you can take cocoa puffs and make them into a snack. Do you think you could eat this with milk? I think it would melt too fast. Kind of like taking cotton candy and putting in water. I would give this seventy two. Oh, this is getting a solid ninety solid. Solid not a week ninety solid. Old tapo snap. Old tap. Old snap. Old tap. Old snap. Old tap. Old snap. Old tapo snap. We got two old tap old tap old snap. We have the ube flavor and the buco pondon flavors. Old tap are kind of like elephant ears. They're circular pastries with sugar on top. It's good. You can't go wrong with ube and putting in an old tap. Mmm. Mmm. Wait. Oh wow. These are really good. They're like I don't know how do you describe them sugar and happiness. I don't even know words anymore because they're so good. It's it's like pondon. They're just going to give up describing it. Just get one. Just eat them. Buco pondon is a coconut flavor. So you taste the coconut and then you taste the plant like leap in now. So it makes it all taste fresh. It tastes soft for your crunch. So I give this ninety nine pinoy points. Oh, then this one would be like a ninety. Buco pondon hundred percent is now going to get the highest rating that I have given somebody. Ninety six. I mean it's high but one point higher than all of the other ones. Okay, ninety six. And then ube, ninety four. Look, I love the chewing gradient. It's a hawk sugar. What's hawk? It's a plant. Is it? It's this. Look, there's a picture of it. That's hawk. I guess. Ooh, that is not what I was expecting to look like. Well, it's nothing. Like bubble gum. Oh no. I do. Or like high chews. It's actually great because I do I knew exactly what was going to be in here. These look like little tiny hamburger patties. Now that you put in that perspective, yeah, it really does look like if you took like a stack of hamburger patties. Oh, that's a lot to just flip it over. Now I can't unsee it. I always thought of these as um, do you like the fruit preserves? They're going to be fruity. Yeah, it's a fruit. And it's a hamburger thing, that is good actually. It's like a strawberry flavor. I'm over the hamburger thing now. But what it tastes like is exactly like those fruit preserves. You know like a fruit leather? They literally look like you know that's bad. That was going around for a while where people made like small food for their hamsters. Oh, that's still a thing. Okay, well, alive and well. This is what you would have like in your backpack. You want a little bit of um, fruit boost? Well, low on blood sugar, bam. Eat some hawk. Little fruit, whoo, is he getting me my mouth? Yeah. Nope. Ah, watch your mouth. Ah! Ah! Ooh! Ah! All right, can I point? I give these a 95 for the, they're fun. They taste good. And they look nothing like what they taste like. Most surprising snack. Yeah, these are the most surprising snack. I'll give it a solid 90. So dried mangoes, I think I could live in. Like if there was a tub of dried mango that I could try and look humanly, swim in and eat at the same time. Like that's where you could find me. Don't think you could actually swim a dried mango. Why did you try to crush my dreams like that? It's the same concept, logic of Scrooge McDogdiving as the coins. You would give yourself a head trick question. Oh, I think they're very soft. I like haven't even tried these ones yet. But mangoes in general are kind of my ghost. Dry mangoes in general. I stand by my previous statement. If I could swim in them and eat them at the same time, I would. Dried mangoes are always been the thing that's in my parents' house and getting the cabinet. These are Philippine mangoes. The Filipino mangoes are so much better. Like when we can get the like real Filipino ones, they're so much better than any, like I don't buy mangoes at the grocery store. The regular grocery store anymore. You ruined me. You're got to buy mangoes. Get them from the Philippines. Go to the Filipino store or any other... All the way from the Philippines. Yeah. Get on a plane. Get on a plane. Go to Philippines. Have those mangoes. They're so much better. And you got to cut them up like the hash thing. Look at their delicious. I give these. Nothing can be perfect. So at 99.9. I give these. 97. Not going out of the park. Not going out of the mango. I've had these before. They're always like on the way out of like restaurants. Oh yeah. You're always going to see this outside of like the Chinese restaurant. The guava is a really nice, almost apple-like fruit. It's nice and refreshing. And you have that nice and refreshing flavor in a little hard candy. Feel like I can't say anything. Like, because you have to suck on it. No, I do the chip off. Yeah, you pack it on the side and you just let it sit there. And you get a cavity. It's not like a jolly rancher or anything where it's just like that kind of tastes like strawberry and it is. It tastes like a guava. It's not like a yeah, like a jolly rancher where it's like, there's a strawberry. And you're going to hold on to it for eight years in your mouth. It's not as like goofy. It's very fresh. Like each layer is very fresh. There's no residue. We're good. Nice and refreshing. We know how like, mullers would keep a hard candy in their pocket for old old ladies or they heard it here first. Folks, it's old lady candy. Filipinos, you know your mom and your dad have this somewhere in their bag in the car. There's at the ready. You're like, oh, I need something. Here you go. So how many pinot points? I'll give it a good solid 90. I think I'd give it a 93. And now what Kevin has been waiting for since we bought this white rabbit. First of all, this is probably the best purchase ever. It's just a giant version of a normal white rabbit. But inside this are tiny white rabbits. So like this is the mother and then the babies are inside. You've had these before, right? Only like in this house. I had to warn her that there is a edible wrap that goes around. And then next, we saw that there was matcha white rabbit. I mean, I don't know why I'm surprised that it's green because like matcha is green. I don't know why I was still expecting it to be like white. White rabbit green. Yeah, like maybe it's because it was like white rabbit. Mm-hmm. Very matcha. I like matcha. I like white rabbit. But I also like tofu and ice cream. And those don't go together. I like it. It does not taste like a white rabbit. Yeah, like if this were to be branded as like a totally different candy, maybe I would, maybe it's just like my expectations to student lineup. It's not as creamy. It tastes much more matcha. Yeah, I've been anything else. Yeah. It's like a monkey tea. Yeah. I guess a fluffy, or a white? Chewing a matcha green tea. Yeah. So, what do you give them matcha? The matcha gets like a 42. Give it a 60. Now, what about the original white rabbit? 100. The two highest ones that you like were Japanese. I'm going to give the original in 95. So on the way out Kevin found some, um, just bubble gum. Yeah. It's bubble gum. Okay, so definitely not Filipino. These are Japanese, actually. However, anytime you're in the Filipino store or another Asian market, you're going to see these. And they have great flavors. However, they don't last more than 10 seconds. These look like balls for a game. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like the Chinese checkers. Or like, I'm going to be hitting them. Or goobers. Bob stoppers. Bob stoppers. They're not bubble gum. It is bubble gum. But it's like, it's very thin bubble gum. I guess the texture still stings. Like, you can tell, the taste is already going away. Mine doesn't even taste like more anymore. But that's a fun thing about these gum. Is that there's tiny. That every now and then you just pop one more. Get the flavor still have the gum. Next we have the grape. Not my favorite flavor. I like it. I'm not a great flavor. I've never been a great flavor person. But I think if you do like grape, yeah, this is like a really solid great flavor. Like taste like every other grape flavor. Which is your problem with this? Yeah, next is the melon. Have you ever thought about the difference between cantaloupe the fruit and you can't aloe. I can't taste like the guava can do. It's very light. Oh yeah, this is cantaloupe. It's like summer times. Not like a super ripe one. You're eating like, it's still green with a little bit of orange. Those are two different kinds of melon. That's not all the same? No, I'm not a sweet-temmitician. Now, my favorite flavor. They do taste like the pink starbursts, yeah. How do you rank the gum individually? Like which goes first? Yeah, that's your order. I would have just done this. I thought strawberry was your favorite. Oh yeah, yeah. Sorry, it does. I've done that. Okay. Overall, I'd give these a 90. If it was just the strawberry flavor, 100. No. Yeah. Not a Filipino product in the Philippines. The highest rating on this Filipino taste test is a Japanese product. Yeah, it taps into my childhood and my cavities and why? Dental is lovely. That means melon gets to 70, then it's 14, and then 40. Overall, 85, then in order, 88, 90, 80, 80. So we have Chaco nut, and then Chaco Star. Chaco Star is the imitation dude. But we do not have my favorite. Pani. Oh wait, hold on. Do you have Pani? BRB. Why do you have Pani in the bedroom? Is this like in your bedside drawer? Yelp, completely forgot that I do have Pani. Wait, what do you expect? It's delicious. Well, they all look the exact same. Yeah. They're like slightly different colors of chocolate. They smell like there's peanut butter in it. Yeah, it is. It's peanut butter chocolate. Oh, that one's like a Reese's. The Chaco nut tastes like more peanut buttery. So essentially, yeah, that's what it should taste like is if you took a Reese's peanut butter cop and then just blended it together. Okay. Chaco Star is the chocolate does not taste as good as the chocolate. I think Chaco Star is better. What? Seriously? No, because I think the Chaco Star is more chocolatey. You might like the peanut butter aspect of it. This tastes like the Reese's peanut butter cup blended together. I like both of them. It's hard for me to tell the difference to be honest. Oh, you could totally tell the difference. Because Hone is a little less nutty. There's more nutty. Well, there's like 100% nut. I don't know what the... I see what's happening in Hone. I like the one that tastes like chocolate. The imitation of what? The one that my dad literally said, Oh, Chaco Star, the imitation. Why? So you prefer out of all of them the Chaco Star. So goes Chaco Star, Chaco nut, Hone. Oh, my god. And yours is opposite? Lead opposite. Hone, Chaco nut, Chaco Star. Chaco Star, 80. Chaco nut is 72. It's very close behind. And Hone is like 68. Like it's very close. Chaco Star, you're getting zero. Chaco nut, 90. Ah, honey. Honey gets the hundo. Honey. Yeah. Is the only thing that you gave 102 that's actually Filipino today? Yeah, it was in my bedside drawer. Wait, what do you expect? So curly tops and flat tops. Are these also the same like ones and knockoff brand? No idea. It's the same company. It's the difference. I don't know. Wait. Oh, this is milk chocolate. They're both milk chocolate. They look the same. The curly top literally has a curly top. It's kind of like mylo. I was just about saying mylo, but not compact, but like I know what you're talking about. Yeah, it's that kind of like flavor of chocolate that it comes from a powdered flavor as opposed to a liquid flavor. Yeah, the mylo effect. The mylo effect. The litter can't hold the difference. Is there salmon grudios? Wait, wait, one has cinnamon in it. Do they both have cinnamon? Yes, they both have cinnamon. I'm telling the same thing. What is the difference? Is somebody please tell us? The same difference. Between the curly tops of it. Look and why aren't they branded at the same thing? It's just they look different. One has a flat top. The other one has a curly top. Okay, I still like them though. So I still give them 88 Pinoy points. And I'm giving them both to both of them because they're the same thing. I give it an 88 also just because of the same Z. And for final tally, Marissa's favorites are mango with 99.9 and buco pondon o-tap cookies with 99 Pinoy points. Kevin's favorites are really just 100s, which are strawberry, maru kawa gum, honey, and original white rabbit. And with that, the sweet portion is done. Let us know if we missed anything in the comments below what you guys thought about all of the sweets and if you've had them before. Thank you to my, you're not maganda, you're guapo. Yeah. To my guapo, because it's ta-hang melaki, Kevin. Mamu-hai. What if we're going away? Shingin'a! Maingam! Thank you guys so much for watching. Don't forget to subscribe, like the video, and hit that bell for notifications. Every time we'll have the beautiful, cupping ta-hang melaki on this channel. Or just me. We'll find out. We'll see. Hit the bell regardless. Thank you guys so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next video. Bye! Yeah, are you saving it for later? No. Yeah. I don't. No! Oh, you! All of it. This is all a flavor, Sam. It's- My brain is like... ...everybook. I'd stick out to that one. All right. Please cut that.