 Future Friday. The freshest. B- High quality music. High quality bands. Welcome to Future Friday. Correct, correct, correct. If I could- If I could- Can I just say, is this not a sponsor or anything? I just love watching. I just love watching. I just love watching. I love watching. And I figured out I found out about the Lau a while back. Like a few months ago. And I've been wanting to review them on the channel to share our thoughts. Me too. And I hope I hope they don't block my shit. A young la hat arrangement. The pink. Playing in a lot of festivals. Oh look, they're popular. Happy LAR. Bro, I didn't know they were that popular. They were pretty, you know. I love them. I love them. It's cool. It's cool. I would recommend everyone to go subscribe to the drummer's YouTube. He has a great YouTube channel. I think he's like, it's small yet, but I think everyone should- Substantially. Substantially. Yeah, yeah. Also, good vibes. And look. I told you I was talking about that look. It's new generation. It's so sick. It's so sick. I love it. Yes, sir. Oh, it sounds so good. I hope they blow it up with the song. I hope they blow it up with the song. He's got actually, I never noticed on the track. Because I've seen this song be performed live. I've never heard it, obviously, on the wish bus. It's the first time. But he's got really unique vocal manner. Yeah. And I kind of change his depending on the environment as well. Yeah, if you haven't seen their live sessions, please go ahead. There is another YouTube channel. They're very cool. They had like a small crowd. It was quite intimate, but it was so beautifully filmed. The vocals there, because it's more like a live band approach. The vocals were more raw. We're more like what you would get into this environment. But in this performance, you're getting like studio perfection. So it's really like so accurate to this studio version that you were used to. Which is cool. I love that. How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? They're very f**king famous, eh? Yeah, I was just going to say, I thought they were really... It also seems like... They're very famous amongst the specific demographic like a young... I think they really blew up. I thought they were like, um, you know, new... Underground. Yeah. Who? How? Who? How? How? Who? How? See, that's the type of vocal support you really need in this kind of like vocal environment. It's like having that sink, they like a stringy situation in the keys. I think they're all very marketable. Oh, so much. I think they have a lot. Genomous potential. See, the camera. Yeah. I think he's getting footage for himself. Oh, pretty cool. I thought he was the angle for the drummer. He could be. Yeah, I think he'd be just footage for... I think... They rock. All right, before my favorite bit of the song comes on, I think what they do really well, um, as a band, um, and it doesn't surprise me, it's actually from kind of like the... the Filipino music industry that they've originated in that... in sort of in that country. I think that they have a pretty damn good understanding, even though they do seem fairly young, everyone, maybe contemporary to our age. So I do presume that the mileage they have is presumably on the lower ending comparison to some of like other bands. But they have a very good understanding of a accompaniment to the singer. Correct. And they have a really good understanding of, like, unisons, like they all have a... they all very clear on the specific sound that the band has. Correct. And they all seem to have a very good clear, congruent answer to that, which makes it sound like, oh, that's the delau sound. Even if you listen to their most recent track, I think it's called Caloyo's, and you start to see, oh, they do have a sound, they do have an image, they do have a... There's a signature to them, which is really cool, because the... the more you listen to new music, the more you listen to different industries around the world, the more you get to understand that finding that signature sound, that represents the band or the singer or the artist in specific, is something really critical, because that's what's going to put you above everything else that's happening, regardless of what type of music industry you're developing yourself as an artist. In this particular performance that you're seeing, direct translation of what the song's vision is, and how it's performed live, and this... these environments are so compact, they're so intimate, they really allow the band to kind of showcase how cohesive they are. That's right, cohesiveness, band cohesiveness. Yes, because these are the moments where little details will be highlighted, so they could potentially pull apart what that put together, that cohesive sound that we got in the record. The more cohesive the band, the easier they are to listen to. The problem is that it only gets developed through time. And a lot of time playing together. Together, exactly. Not only you as an individual of the band. No, no, no, I'm a band. Playing a lot of times. No, it's like together. Learning to read each other's cues on the go. Here we go. Ah, this is a six-section. This is nice. I love this building. It's brilliant. It's brilliant, it's so well done, it's so freakin' well done. Yes, he's really interesting. I like him a lot. Yeah, yeah. Wow, he really shined in his bar, man. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Oh, that's so cool. I love this building. I love this building. I love this building. I love this building. I love this building. I love this building. Cool, cool, cool, cool, they rock. In the seventh. That's super dope. What a cool, it lets you down. It lets you down in a really cool style. This is down slowly. That section, the break of the song. Cool bit about this arrangement is that obviously they allow the drummer to, in the original, actually, it's a very sort of mellow song. It's not like this, it doesn't have a big explosion, a big explosion of percussion, or even a solo or anything like that. And for live, it may not be the best sort of a song. Studio version, it might be really good for someone that's a little streamable. It's very streamable, but for the live version, they needed something extra. That's why I think they came up with this arrangement. And the problem is when you do this arrangement live, in a live setting like in the wish bus, the wish bus is harder than performing live in a stage, because the equalization is so different. So you kind of have to have the big exertion in the drums, the big percussive exertion, paid close attention, even the blemishes and the ornaments that he's doing in the drums, the licks, the chops, whatever you want to call them. He decided to go even cleaner this time, because when he plays live, he can go a bit more complex. At the end of a day, that stuff is just fluff. It's just a big change in rhythm, it's a tool, tool, tool, tool. He decides instead of doing the goes, he goes to the high-hat, it's a tool, tool, tool, tool. It makes sense that in the wish-buzz, instead of doing kinda the, there's a long fill in the middle rather, to talk, to talk, to talk, to talk, to talk, to talk, instead of doing it so complex, he's just all very clean, especially cuz you're working in an electric drums. And just let the singer and the keyboard be the protagonists. In the wish-buzz, I think, the drummers that do really well in the wish-buzz, the musicians that do really well in the wish-buzz, are the musicians that truly understand music, because they understand, first, they're adaptable, they understand different environments, required different playing. Number two, they understand that you're not the singer, you're not the protagonist of the story, that isn't, you're not the soloist, you're at a accompaniment, you're a band. And even if you are part of the band, it's like, as a focus part of this song itself, the understanding of that this environment isn't made for the most percussive, crazy environment. It's really, it's really, it's made for clean rhythm, correct, bass lines the same. And it's hard to calibrate, I think also for the singers as well, because these performances and the wishbuss are so exposing, you really have to learn how to calibrate what exactly you are performing, which is delicate, that's the biggest downfall of a band, especially young bands, it's the protagonist syndrome that everyone wants to be the star. And it's very clear in a band that it's like, either the whole band is the star, or you have a singer who's very, very, in this case, a front person, and you have a star in the middle, and the band's job is to accentuate everything about him or her. Anyways, well done to the guys. I like them, I like them a lot. I'm gonna leave some of their social media stuff, so if you don't get, so you haven't seen them, or you don't know where to get in contact with them. So it'll happen with Sanchez Lola as well, right? Yes, yes, yes. A lot of new people sort of figured out, amazing, but please go show them all the support in their page and stuff like that. Stream them, same with the Lawa and the Adios.