 So today's video is going to be a little bit different. Me, Oz and Adelaide are going to stay here at home today. We're not feeling too great with work up and our cop, well my cold especially is just not budging at the moment and Oz is just feeling a little bit worn out and you didn't sleep that well last night. So the boys are taking over the vlog today. Now I'm usually the person behind the camera but today Kevin is going to be doing the camera work and all the narration of the vlog. They are heading down to Selcido Market to have a little look around. It's supposed to be a really great market. We've also heard of another one that happens on Sundays that we're going to check out tomorrow. Hopefully if we're doing a bit better by then but they're taking over they're going to go and film their little food adventure. So please be kind in the comments they don't usually do the filming and I think they're done an amazing job and I hope they're having a great time and I can't wait to see what kind of treats they bring back for us because that's the most exciting part. It's trying all of the treats and the great food here. So yeah I'm going to pass you over to them. I have a great day and I will definitely be in the next one. I will be fine. Don't worry about it. Have a good day and yeah, Kevin's going to take it from here. Good morning and we and Harry are going right we're going to Cerido market and we're seeing what we came by for around 2000 pesos. Let's go. So Cerido markets 15 minutes walk from where we are staying and we've never been this way so be interested if we can get there first time or we're gonna get lost. So it looks like we're coming up to the entrance to the market and here I'm so excited to see what's on them all fine. Let's find out what we can buy. We did find some fried banana didn't we? Or was it cooked banana? Yeah we did. Yeah Sun shining as always. And yeah just gonna have a look around and then we're gonna go find some bickering books. What is it? Japanese mayonnaise. Then exactly 30. So what is it? Mulاح Euro. one Japanese breakfast what kind of breakfast? um hands on our truck yeah, hands on our truck so do you want to try it? yeah oh, four four? yeah so how much was it? 30 cases in total and we got the hazelnut and chocolate is it nice? fluffy oh, big bite hot isn't it? very hot yeah so it goes all around this like center part and they've got some stores inside the park as well yeah, look at that so what we're going to do we're going inside the park and see what's in there as well so do you like the tangs that red roll? yeah, they're called a half up so they're like, they're like soft red roll yeah, it's called a half up it's amazing and also some sourdough sourdough is hard work so you know, we just got a little bit of sourdough it's not that sour it's not that sour so just got talking to images from images, crumbits and cookies and confections she's from Australia and I noticed she has some crumbits so obviously I had to buy some because crumbits at home are very, very popular so Harry's got the crumbits yeah, and we can't wait to try them they have some scones we might do that next week probably oh definitely, yeah but let's see what else we can find morning, how are you? good, good, we've got some nice crumbits there from Madge yeah oh, sourdough do you know what? mum has been watching the about of catcher all morning because she's been dreaming about it about watching catcher oh, will I be a savior and take that home to her or shall I go and treat myself to something else go and answer that on the ground in my own family and I've got some videos so we've just picked up some tricks so take some tricks don't be really nice it tastes really nice and this guy is doing some lovely woodwork definitely recommend going to this tree for a place hmm, it's really nice yeah right, shall we go around and back out and see what else we can find we've got a little pop there it must be a nice place at least a lovely so it reminds me of what mummy did on her pots we just got down the dam which is like an orange yeah and it was 50 pesos which is quite cool is it nice? yeah hmm so that's pretty average pretty tasty as well we're just going to get some fruit now and we might head off what's that? it's like wow, we don't know we can't we can't we can't we can't and it's chicken yep and what's the color? um isso isso mmm is bobky pork and on a skewer that is nice is it? yeah, it's really nice yeah do you want to try the next one? try this one? isso it's so actually that's not bad she like it it's really tasty it's kind of hard to explain it's not chewy it's not really chewy it's just chewy so first time ever try and chicken and test time so let's go yeah no yeah the fault of it is worse than what it is so it is very chewy it's not unpleasant and pig's ear yeah it's like a pig's ear try flimsy stick it's really chewy again what it sounds like is an asparagus what it tastes like and again chewy it's got a bit of bone it's got a bit of a crunch as well I guess from the card flip but yeah again all very pleasant that is a salido salido market and did you enjoy it? yeah I was really surprised by the meat that we just had on skewers because I call the chicken and test since it sounds pleasant but it actually when you taste it it tastes really chewy and it's really really chocolatey and I really like the second fluffy and I thought that was really tasty compared to the usual pancakes we have so that's us done on the market we'll see you on the next video bye