 Hi and welcome back to another video. So today we have got something new. Okay, two weeks go, three weeks ago I asked you for some Halloween reactions and you told me to do Filipino, mystical, mystical creatures. Rap? Is that the one that you want me to react? This is six years ago and it's from Mikey, Bustus, Bustus. Am I saying this from name right? I heard by you. So here I am. My jungle Halloween hat. I can't wait to see this, can't wait to see this because this was my first one, my first person that told me to react to it. So I'm looking forward to it. I'm really are looking forward to it. So you know, hi my name is Samantha and welcome to my channel. If you're not subscribed, please do subscribe because many more videos will be coming along. And if you're new to my video, then I'm going to react. I will leave you down in the bottom of the spot. I will leave Mickey Bustus, YouTube channel, down in the bottom of the spot. So when you finish, see my reaction that you can go and check it out and share some love and support. So yeah, let's go to the video. I can't go in the video. Hey, that's good. So let's go. Okay, go on. So you want to know more about Filipino mythology, huh? Yes, but why do you have a British accent? No more questions. Where is third eye? I love it. Why do you have a British accent? That's good. I'm Spanish. Let's go. Oh, it's safe here. I should join the boys. Oh, look at that. I'm a Filipino mermaid. Sex up with hydration like I'm getting ready. But if you get too close to this beautiful girl, I'll pull you deep down till you're part of my world. I'm an ordinary girl. By night, I'm a half-bodied man. I come from a class of girls known as a swung. I'm allergic to a sin. And I hate my wife. I have long tongue, but wings and maybe that pregnant lady will beat me her baby. You can try to stack me, but catching me is tough. Cause the only way to give me is to find my lower half. As you're not naive, but this mythical creature, you're not a very Filipino. In the Philippines, there are mythical creatures. Mythical creatures, not so long. I'm a widow. I'm gonna beat Pakiyao. Hey, what happened to my beat? No, don't worry. The characters in this video are mythical and are not true. My boo-ha-y. Go Pakiyao. Hey, what's up guys? Thanks so much for watching my... This is so cool. This is so cool. Really cool. I'm so grateful. Whoa! I loved it. It was so good. Just doing it in rap and making it so comedy and really putting this character just getting dressed up and everything. Amazing. There was points I was like, oh my goodness, there's a scary. Okay. It was great to carry. Just the characters like, okay. But I loved it. Fantastic. What's not love about that? I really want to know more. I really, this is, this is crazy. It's this crazy. I loved it. I loved it. It's fantastic. It was so cool. I loved it. Does he have any more? Tell me he does and this is so good. And so I really want to see more, more, more, please, more. Tell me is it got any more reactions? Please. So yeah, I hope people have a mystical Halloween. And like I said, I will leave the original video and as well as YouTube channels so you can go and show some love and support to him. So yeah, please tell me if he's got any more. And yeah, like I said, I hope you'll have a Mystic Halloween. And if you don't do it, I hope you enjoyed my reaction. So I hope you'll have a fantastic day. Bye. Take care.