 You're looking for a filipina. You've just joined one of the filipino dating sites. Or perhaps you've come here to the filipines to look. What will you choose? A plain looking filipina? Nothing wrong with plain looking filipinas? Or an attractive filipina? The choice of course is yours or yours. But I look at it this way. If you're back in the West, perhaps your choices are limited. Maybe your age is against you. Maybe you don't have Hollywood looks, etc. And perhaps because of that, you take more or less anybody. Plain looking wise I mean. But here the tables are turned very much so. You hold the aces. You can choose whoever you want. Attractive, average, tall, short, fat, skinny, age wise, whatever age you're looking for or want. It's entirely up to you. Now because an filipina is highly attractive does not make her a scammer. And to think an attractive filipina is automatically a scammer is kind of using your Western views. And what I mean by that is if you were to meet a highly attractive Western woman, what does she want with you? What's her game? But it's not like that here. There will be some who will be scammers. And there will be a lot that aren't. And conversely, you could meet a plain looking filipina. And she's the biggest scammer you ever meet. So don't draw the conclusion. The better looking a filipina is, the more likely she's not really going to want you. Or she's just going to want you for your money. Now once again, as I've done in a past video, I'll give you an example. If you were 90 years old and you come here looking for, let's say a filipina in her 20s, who's highly attractive. Of course, she's not going to want you because she's falling in love with you. That's ridiculous. But by the same token, if you're a reasonable age, say up to 70, maybe your mid-sixth is or so. And you go for a filipina who's not too young. Say anything above 38, 39. It's not out of the ballpark to believe she could just want you because she wants you. Listen, this is my opinion. I don't see any point going on filipino dating sites or indeed coming here and going for a plain looking filipina. Why would you do that when you don't have to? Go for one that you find attractive. Of course, make sure there are no red flags. You know, don't be blindsided by her beauty. But don't just imagine she's out to use you. She's out to use you. She's out to use you. It might happen, but there's a good chance it won't happen also. Now, it's kind of controversial, I suppose, a little bit, to say if you're looking for a filipina, only go for an attractive one. Because at the end of the day, you go for the one that you want, regardless of looks. Obviously, the overriding importance would be that they're genuine, that they want you for you. Of course, they want you for financial security, but that they want you for you. But like I said, that doesn't mean to say you've got to go for plain looking filipinas because, you know, they'll be desperate and they'll be genuine. They might be. And then again, they might not be, but who cares? Go for a filipina you find attractive. You know, back in the West, that woman, that woman, that one, that colleague you worked with, the woman you see walking in the street, or when you go to a supermarket, and you find a highly attractive, and you think no chance, you wouldn't even want to speak to her because no chance. Here, you've got every chance, so use it to your best advantage. It's no good going for a plain filipina being all noble about it. I'm a good man. I'm just going, not on looks. I don't care about looks. It's about the person within. And then you come here. You get really involved with that filipina. Perhaps you even get married. And then you regret it because you see the beautiful filipinas everywhere. And you think yourself, why did I go for her? Maybe you won't think that. Well, I bet there are some people that do and have. Listen. When I went on filipina cupid, in 2021, I caught the back end of 2021. I knew in my head roughly what I was looking for, and what I wasn't looking for. So I'm looking at the photos. I have no clue if they're genuine or not. I had loads of people messaging me. Most I found unattractive, nearly all, to be honest with you. And even when I'm looking at the photos, and I put a wide-age group in the filter just to see. And then later on, I decided, well, I'm not looking for anybody in the 20s, not really in their early 30s. So I filtered it to about 35 to 50 age group. And when I looked at the profiles and the photos, it kind of struck me. A lot of them I was attracted to. And some, I don't know whether they photoshop the photos, or they show you photos of when they were younger, but one or two looked okay-ish. And I spoke to one or two on cam very briefly, and they didn't look like their photos. So be aware of that as well. So I'm looking, you know, a few days goes by, and I'm thinking, well, perhaps filipina's aren't as good looking as they once were. Because don't forget, in 2005, I went on that site, or 2006. And they seem to be better looking back then. But after chatting to one woman for about a week, who had such a photo, but didn't look like the photo on the cam, I discarded her. And then within a day, I met my wife, who I'm with now. I liked her photo. I liked the profile. We got chatting. Yes, she's attractive. I found what I wanted. When we go out, there were attractive girls around, but I never regret. I never think, oh, she's better looking. Oh, I wish I'd had her. I don't think that at all. I got what I wanted. Now, had I gone with that woman that I spoke to for a week? She had an eight-month-old child. She lived in Mindanao, funnily enough, but the other side of Mindanao, many, many miles away. And she didn't look like the photo. And even the photo, I wasn't that convinced about. Had I done that, I would have regretted it. I would have regretted it. The Filipina, I was speaking to you for eight months, the one I've told you about before. The one who was on a Filipina's vlog, based in Sebu. And she, she done a vlog on this Filipina who was looking for foreign friends and perhaps more. I got, I managed to get her email address from the vlogger, whose site it was. And we were chatting for eight months. I was going to marry her, or so I thought. That was why I was coming to the Philippines. She lived near Sebu. It was because of her. That's why I was so quick to get vaccinated, because I wanted to come. She was going to be the one. She was too young in hindsight. She was 29. But like I said, I didn't meet her. On a site, on her dating site, she was in the video. And in terms of looks, she was okay. Nothing brilliant. Okay. I'd say a tiny bit above average, but nothing more. No kids. She'd worked abroad in Taiwan because of the pandemic came back. And how she not been speaking to me, she would have gone back there to work in a factory. She lived with her mother on a small island near to Sebu called Santa Rosa. Not...yeah, Santa Rosa. She was the one who dumped me in the end. And I think thank you for doing that. I dodged a bullet with you. I really did. I wasn't convinced. I thought the age difference was too much. She didn't ever want to talk about sex. She said she'd never kissed. She's 29. She'd never kissed a man before, let alone gone out with a man. But I'm finding this, if she's telling the truth a little odd, she was thinking about becoming a nun, joining a convent. But decided against it. And I'm a lot of her relatives, a lesbians, nothing against lesbians. So God only knows what she was. But like I said, didn't want to talk about sex. And she said that when we meet for the first time, obviously I'd be staying in a hotel. I'd like to bring my cousin along when I meet you. And then even in the hotel, I'd like my cousin to shaperone me. And I'm thinking, what the freak? But you know, I was thinking, I'm understanding she's genuine. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm so glad. Like I said, I dodged a bullet with that one. And I found what I wanted. Not because she looked right. But because I was lucky. You can do all the research in the world. But you need that dusting of luck to go with it. And it's not miracle luck. It's not the luck you need to win the lottery. It's far easier than that. So once again, I'll end the video how I started it. What kind of Filipina are you looking for? Any Filipina? So long she's genuine? Or a Filipina that you find attractive? So long she's genuine? Comment below. But is in the eye of the beholder. That's all.