 You know the difference between Chinese and Filipino tour races is the difference between a Honda Civic and a tinted Honda Civic. That's something that I had to adjust to. Like the P is not pronounced as a P is pronounced as an F. Number one fish from the Philippines. Millipede. Number one! Filipinos is one dollar because they call ballot. Oh my god. When it comes to ballot, I just can't. Another day. Another reaction video. What's up Philippines? What's happened to another reaction video with Bally? I hope you're doing well. You had an amazing week so far. I am back with another reaction video and today I think it's going to be a fun one. I just need a small orbit today. It's raining outside. I'm feeling really cold. I've been living in a tropical country for tropical countries. That's not anything else the same. If temperatures drop below 30 degrees, I really don't know. Because I'm feeling cold. So I am not. So yeah, I need to smile a little bit. Bring in some sunshine into my soul. I hope I'll bring sunshine into your soul as well. And today I am actually reacting to a video from a video. I think it's cold. The difference between Chinese and Filipino. So very very interested to see what this gentleman has to say. You guys know I love Jokwe, the Filipino comedian. So I'm not familiar with this one. But it's wrong Jusol. But team, what he has to say, if I will become a fan, if he will become a fan too. Yeah, let's just jump straight into it. Jokwe. And by the way, I hate talking about this, but it's happening outside. They're killing back inside. They're killing Asians. They're killing white people in movies. I already meant an A-Hate that. And my cousin's still stupid. She's like, I'm not going to work. Okay, there is some truth in that. Unfortunately, I think there is always this serious that I used to watch. And the first ones that died were actually the... Racers know the difference between Chinese and Filipino. The difference between Chinese and Filipino to a racist is the difference between a Honda Civic and a tinted Honda Civic. What is a little darker but more stylish? That's fair. You love Filipino. I'm with the T-shirt. Filipinos were not even full Asian. The government didn't know we were. They just put us in an Asian category. It actually makes for a half Asian and half Latino. When my parents came to Canada, they had the photo form for the government to choose what race they were. Then to check Mark White, Black, Latino, Asian, and Middle Eastern, they would check Mark, Asian, and then Latino. Have two lines drawn to one, and then write Filipino. But you are half Asian and half Latino. See what happened was back at the day in the 1500s, Spain went to Philippines, made love to everybody, and then left us. It's like, where's your dad on those boats? Where are they going to the Caribbean? Why? To make Cubans now? That joke never works in Miami, by the way. My parents taught me English. It was kind of weird because they had the Filipino accent. So I grew up with an accent. You know messed up that was. I had a Filipino accent growing up, but I wasn't born into Philippines. I didn't know it was Filipino either. I just had a Filipino accent in the Philippines. If he just likes to where are you from? Canada! Are you sure? Bossatee! You can't speak any Filipino. Napato! This kid's a North Korean spy for sure. I remember the report card red, Ron has a problem pronouncing his FNPs and Vs and Vs. He pronounces friends as friends. My dad's like, why do you pronounce friends as friends? Who taught that to you? You have a breaking problem. Okay that is a very common thing. That's something that I had to adjust to is the P and the F are not. The P is not pronounced as a P is pronounced as an F. So the Philippines was the Philippines. Was that right? Did I just say Philippines? You know what I mean? It's just different. And then certain words are just so different. I did this reaction video where I think Will does which did a comparison between Filipino and Spanish and the way how his mom pronounces things in Filipino and English versus Will pronouncing it in American English is hilarious. Very entertaining to watch. I'm big for a Filipino too, but that's not even five feet tall. He's looking at me like a monster. Look how big you are. Look at my creation. Like Frankenstein. The Philippines are not very common. They love seafood, they love fish. Colombia, Red Snapper, my dad's favorite fish is called Mule Fish. It's from the Philippines. There's a million bones in the fish. Yeah. But he can't get enough of it. Here's my dad every Sunday morning. The Philippines, Newadesh, never won! I was not for that fool. Call the doctor. The cat's looking at me like, Call the doctor. We have jellies, any Filipino's here? Mix the noise. Okay. What's wrong? You guys love me out here. No, you don't. You just say you are. Anyways. Can it be feel comfortable? We have delicacies in our community. Every culture is a delicacy which means it's gross. That's why they call it a delicacy. You have to be delicate to the situation. That's like having an ugly child. You can't call the child ugly. You have to call it smart. You see genius, so be fine. Look away. Philippines is a fun delicacy called Balut. Oh my god. Do you guys know this? Do you have Filipinos in your basement? If you don't know, it's a duck embryo. Not my favorite. I'm trying to say that. I'm telling them to have to show us merch. I'm telling you're Balut. To explain, the first week of NEX a yo, the fourth week is the bird. It's right smack dab in the middle. Online Filipinos eat this. We couldn't wait for the process to end. When you're pulling the plug, nah, I'm hungry over here. What's up? This is that TV show Fear Factory. Remember that Joe Rogan show? This guy wouldn't eat Balut for $50,000. Wow. That was like, that's Balut crop. I have two in my pocket right now. $50,000. That is it. My dad used to sell these baluts to the Filipino community in Toronto back in the 80s. When I was six years old, there was a prank show. What do I do? Take a couplet from home. Bring it to school. Put it under a tree. Take the ballad halfway out to make a look like it fell from the nest. I know. That's the kid. I went to therapy for this. Anyways. And the kids were together. Oh my gosh. There's a baby bird that fell from the tree. That's the same. I'll walk in. How much did you pay me to eat it? Yeah. Okay. I must say. I am very, very adventurous when it comes to food. But when it comes to Balut, I just can't. I just can't eat it because it's not, I don't know. It's just the thing that's embryo and like having all the feathers on it and the bones. I know it makes a difference how old it is. But I saw my friend Lucy eating it. I would say it was not her favorite. But she said the soup is very nice. And yeah, I'll probably give that a try. Yeah, the embryo. Mucha yet. Get to 1 million subscribers on my channel. And I will make it happen for you. I want this channel. Let's see. I'm in $100 and $60. That was a guy with all of the genius. The principal called my dad Mr. Jocelyn. Your son's eating dead birds falling from trees. I just jump in. No doubt it was a scam. I made $100. One Balut. I'm going to take you. Bring it in your school and you can do it again. We're a genius. Look at my creation. Thank you so much for watching. Please download the Dry Bar app. Use promo code Ron Jocelyn. Okay, so I definitely want to check him out. Seems to be a funny guy. And I can add another comedian to my portfolio here. What's up, Philippines? If you have any recommendations, please let me know in the comment section down below. I'm very happy to hear your feedback. Maybe you find some videos that you find funny or interesting and want me to react to it as a foreigner. Also, as me, somebody who has been living in the Philippines for over 3.5 years, I think now. So yeah, very exciting to see all of these videos with different topics. Educating yourself and maintaining you. So yeah, that was it. If you enjoyed this content, please give it a thumbs up. Subscribe to my channel and hit the notification bell. If you want to get notified when a new video is out. And I have also a travel channel called Ellie's Life, where I post my travel adventures. And also, I hope it's in pieces of my life in Manila. So if you want to check that out, it will probably pop up here or show up at the end of this video. And in any case, I'm happy you were joining me for this video today. And I'll see you guys next time here on... What's up, Philippines? Bye-bye. Yes! I mean, I was very serious about those 1 million subscribers. If I hit 1 million subscribers, I will eat that for it. Promise.