 Hello and welcome back to another episode of Aliveja. In today's video we're going to be looking at bank accounts in the Philippines and we'll be discussing how you can open a bank account in the Philippines. Can you open an account while living in England, America, New Zealand, Australia, Europe, etc. And finally what are the best banks for foreigners in the Philippines? So let's first look at the process of opening up a bank account. So in the Philippines there are certain requirements depending on what bank you are choosing. The first requirement is something that's barely ever talked about and that is the timescale meaning that most banks will not open a bank account for foreigners under a certain amount of time they need to be living in the Philippines and that timescale is usually six months. However this timescale can decrease if you're opening up a business in the Philippines for example or you can open up a borderless bank account which is a very good idea and I'll be speaking about that later. So let's say you've been living in the Philippines for six months what's the next stage? Well this is to submit your ACR card. ACR card stands for the Alien Certificate of Registration. Having an ACR card gives you slightly more status in the Philippines. In other words you will now have one of the most essential requirements when opening a bank account in the Philippines. The next stage to open up a bank account in the Philippines as a foreigner is to present your passport and any ID. This process is very simple and quick. The bank teller will open up your passport, scan the relevant pages including any visa stamps. This is then followed by the next stage which is showing your house in contract and or utility bills. You may be wondering if you need a house or a condo in the Philippines before opening up a bank account. No you do not. There is no such limitation. If you do not own a house you can simply use your rental agreement. The next stage is to deposit a small amount into your bank. Normally this ranges between 1 to 2,000 pesos but depending on your type of bank you may need to pay slightly more or slightly less. So what are the best banks in the Philippines for foreigners? If you're an entrepreneur you may be interested in banks such as China Bank as this has a lot of investment opportunities and looking at the future of the company it seems that this is the direction the bank is going in. Alternatively if you are looking for a standard bank account so you can withdraw some fees, pay your bills online, that kind of thing then you may be better suited with a bank such as security bank or BDO. The reason I say this is when I opened a bank account I found that these banks were much more easier and pleasant to deal with but what about borderless bank accounts? These types of accounts are some of the most popular while living and traveling around the Philippines and they're also very useful if you're looking to travel and stay in other Southeast Asian countries. One of the most well-known borderless bank accounts is Ys which used to be called transfer Ys. I will add a link in the description below if you're looking for more information about Ys. Nonetheless a borderless bank account while living in the Philippines is often a very very wise idea. Even if it's something you don't use from day to day it's always a good idea to have that as an emergency and you can even apply for an ATM card so you can withdraw money from the ATM in the Philippines. The last question is can I open a bank account in the Philippines while living abroad? There are limited options available for foreigners to open a bank account in the Philippines while being abroad. However one option is to have an account with a bank that is situated in the Philippines. For example city bank or HSBC. You can then speak to the banking question and they will start the process to get your bank transferred to the Philippines.