 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Pes. And this is the commodity. And today we are reacting to geography now, Philippines. So I had been reading in the last video that we did that had to do with how Southeast Asians kind of see each other. And since it actually touches on more than just Malaysia and Indonesia and Singapore, it hits like Vietnam, the Philippines, Brunei. I think so. And maybe another one or Thailand. And so there were a few Filipinos that were like, can you do some reactions to the Philippines? And I was like, absolutely, we can. We've tried. They haven't done very well. But we still are very interested in the country. Yeah, I absolutely, like I hate to admit it. So like I said before in the last video, if you haven't seen it, we're going to go ahead and link it up here how Southeast Asians view each other. I have dated two Filipino girls and to say the least, they were crazy. They were almost as crazy as Mexican, Mexican women. We had partied one night and we got a little drunk. And one of the girls that I was dating, I mean, I didn't date them at the same time. But the first one that I was dating, her name was Winter, by the way, I love that name. But not saying the hair last name is to be honest, I don't remember it. This has been years ago. I just remember that because it was such a unique name. And so we had gotten a little drunk. We'd gotten into a little bit of a verbal scuffle. I don't think it was even worth talking about, like arguing about. And she got mad and she didn't punch me. I would have rather her punched me. He was trying to tell my landlord what had happened to the window that she put her fist through and some magic way she didn't even cut herself. She bam! I was like, we dated for like six more months after that. Wow. Because I was afraid to break up. Well, I'm ready to hop into this. We're ready. Yeah, let's do it. Geography now, Philippines. If you don't know anything about Asia, the Philippines is like the jolliest of them all. They're just happy, fun, jolly people. You know what? It's been three years. I'm not taking this anymore. I've been pushed around. I've been threatened. I've been thrown into dungeon. I've been the butt of all the jokes. I'm the Filipino one. This is my time. My time. Stop. I enjoyed that. Welcome to the Philippines. My turn. OK. It's time to learn. These guys make some great videos. Yeah, I think they're, I don't know if they're backed by a bigger company because the editing is phenomenal. Yeah. And all honesty, at first, the intro kind of started making me think of the Big Bang Theory, the movie, the TV show. Sorry. Hey, everyone. I'm Ken. And as you know, I'm half Filipino. Years ago, I was looking for a job. I saw this ad asking for a motion graphics animator on Craigslist. Paul and I literally met up at a jolly beat for my interview. He said I was his top three candidates. In reality, there were only three candidates that applied. So technically, I didn't lie. But yeah, the other two people kind of sucked. So yeah. Oh. And back then, I had this weird mustache. Oh, so there it is. Basically, the two. Ken and I have been talking for a long time. And we agree. Ken definitely has to be in this episode. You've come so far from that Craigslist jolly beat interview. You've earned this. Thanks. Andana, Maximula. I can't wait until we can actually employ some creeping. Because there's sort of a dichotomy between translators. You've got to be able to do something like that. I don't know if they consider themselves Asian or Pacific Islanders. You might get contrasting answers. What do you consider yourself, Ken? I always thought Pacific Islanders sounded kind of cool. So I usually stuck with that. So first of all, the Philippines is a tropical archipelago of over 7,000 islands, about 2000, which aren't had, I didn't know that they had that many islands. OK, I'll be honest. I don't remember looking at the map at the Philippines. So. And only 2000 are inhabited. Wow. But they could also be counting islands like Indonesia does that sometimes aren't showing. And low tide. It shows in the high tide. Yeah. And I think they also count islands that are literally like you couldn't even fit a house on it. Yeah. And it is the largest island nation without any land borders or shared island territory with another nation. The country is located in Southeast Asia, straddling the Philippines Sea in the North, the South China Sea in the West, and the Sulu and Celevis Sea in the South. So it's a skipping one. So we have the Philippines Sea, the South China Sea, the Sulu Sea, Celevis Sea, Celevis Sea. I wonder if that's purpose. So I'm just going to be a friend and honest. I'm going to call these oceans. Like whenever we talk about it, because it's salt water, and the sea is attached to oceans. So whenever we're sitting like we do the same for Indonesia, whenever we're like talking about being close to the ocean. Yeah. So just because I mean, it's just easier. Yeah. And I'm lazy. So we're going to call it the ocean. We are on the island of Borneo, which is split amongst three nations. At the closest point, only about 22 miles or 40 kilometers away from the nearest island that belongs to the Philippines. Now, in general, many people will refer to one of the three main island cluster regions that people are a part of. They're a lasone in the north where you can find the capital Me침ila and where the half of the population lives, Messiah in the center and Minda N치on the South. Otherwise a half of the population lives in Lauson, yes. Nation is made up of 17 regions, one of which autonomous, a Bangsa-Moto autonomous region of Muslim Mindenau. This place has a high level of self-rule and autonomy appointed by the government. What's more about this later? If you want to be absolutely technical, guess in city, a bit north of Manila, is the largest city in the Philippines. However, the surrounding 16 towns and cities by Manila are called Manila Metro for the national capital region and they basically act as one unit. Otherwise, the largest city outside of the NCR. It's just like Dallas footwear. Yeah, the after. So you have Dallas is the major city than you have Fort Worth, which is kind of a sister city. That's why they call it kind of DFW. And then you have the Metroplex or the metropolitan area. But we call it the Metroplex because you literally have probably like 50 towns that surround it that make. But we kind of claim everybody as a town. Like if you say Dallas or Fort Worth or DFW or the DFW, it is literally the whole entire area, which is I had to tell people we live in Dallas, but we are outside Dallas. Yeah, but we're in Dallas County technically. But yeah, so we're 24,000 kilometers, square kilometers or something like that. Some crazy number. And then we have like eight and a half million people that live within that area. Yeah. So our devout city in Mindenau and Sebu in the Bias. Manila has the largest and busiest airport, Ninoi, Akinno International Airport, which is basically the hub that serves as the entire NCR. They also have the busiest shipping port at the port of Manila. Otherwise, the second largest airport is Sebu, Macdon, International, and rounding out for third place is Devout City, Francisco, Bangoy, International. In terms of land transport, though, the Philippines is well connected amongst the islands. In fact, the longest highway is the Pan-Philippine Highway that stretches about 3,500 kilometers across the country and connects Lisson to the Marliette and Mindenau with Underground Tunnels connecting them. Finally, the... So I do have a question now. So in the US, and I'm sure a lot of people have heard about it, it's called the Gunball. It's driving from... I believe it's from like New York down to South California, SoCal, if you want another abbreviation. And they try to see how fast they can possibly go to go from point A to point B. That's including driving fast and possibly getting pulled over. Typically, you have scouts that drive ahead of you to watch out, and then they also kind of have people riding behind them to check to see if there's any cops kind of coming up on them behind, which has been broken a couple times more recently because of COVID in the highways where much like this seems like it'd be perfect for a gunball run. I would do that. I wonder how long that trip is. I'm sure they'll tell us if they haven't already. The Philippines has only two territorial disputes. The state of Sabah in Malaysia on North Borneo. The territory once had been part of the Sultanate of Sulu, a Muslim state that existed the 15th century to the 20th century, and that's a whole other story. As for the others dispute, as we mentioned, quite a few times already, this whole area known as the Spratly Islands is a complete mess. If you don't know anything about this place, it basically goes like this. Yeah, I remember this. Yeah, it's pretty crazy. This is the map showing what everyone claims in the area. This big one right here is China's. Like, yeah, they just kind of pretty much went for all of it. This has even led to a few skirmishes between nations that have built patrol stations on the island, and when they spot a ship that gets too close, things can get kind of ugly. It's kind of like this. Hey, hey, what are you doing? This is my area. I'm just doing some fishing and research. Yeah. Why do you have a shovel then? Are you building something? Well, technically there's no land protruding from this reef, so there's no land to claim. So you're just going to build your own land for research. Anyway, here's some notable spots of interest for Santiago. Magellan's Cross, San Augustan Church, Sagada hanging. Okay, so I am curious about those islands. Is there actually any benefit to having them? Is it habitable? Or is it more for situations like if there was another World War type situation where like when Japan started taking over different islands to, you know, kind of steps to get to mainland Japan? Yeah. Just curious if there's any actual ones. That is. That's different. Creepy. My main thing would be rain and, uh, yeah, juices. Oh wow, that's true. Oh wow, that's true. The Lapu Lapu Shrine. Luneta Park. MacArthur Landing Site. Guanawi Rice Terraces. Oh, Malacan Young Palace. Magellan has many historical and colonial buildings. The various national museums of history and arts. Tons of amusement park and... Look at that tunnel. Various national museums of history and arts. Tons of... Look at that tunnel. Oh, that is dope. What? We gotta go there. Because we've, we've got tunnels like that in our... uh, well, uh, aquarium type places, but they're not like that way. A barrier. You gotta aquarium that big? The Dallas World Aquarium, yeah. Oh, okay. I was like, uh, but they're not that big. Is it that big? It's probably that wide, but it's not that clear. Like, you can't really see through it like that. That's what's saying. Tons of amusement park. And that's not even including all the natural wonders of the Philippines. They have an underground river. That's beautiful. The most amazing, beautiful beaches in the universe. It was that look like lumps of... That's... Photoshop. There's no way that's not. That looks like, uh, somebody that rendered like, oh, this could be a planet that's over in, uh, 70 million light years away that we could inhabit if we could figure out light speed travel. I don't know. He's included in it. Which is impossible. And he's included in it. So it's gotta be real. Chocolate hills. And there's an island in a lake, in an island in a lake, in an island. We should hang out sometime. Yeah, when you have 7,000 tropical islands on a volcanic archipelago, chances are things can get pretty crazy landscape-wise. Which brings us to... This is cool, yeah. The actual physical land of the Philippines is the biggest treasure you will find here for sure. Anyway, the Philippines lies on the ring of fire and is specifically on a tectonic plate named after that, the Philippine flag. About 95% of the land is made up of the 11 largest islands. The country was essentially formed through the tectonic activity between the Philippine, Manila, and the Mindanao trenches. The Mindanao being the second deepest in the world. This makes the country so beautiful. I didn't know that. To pull to small earthquakes in minor volcanic activity. About 53 active volcanoes can be found in all of these largest islands, except for Palawan. The most famous and picturesque of these include these three. See this island here? Camiguin? It actually has more volcanoes than towns on it. Seven versus five, making it the least with the most number of volcanoes per square kilometer in the world. In fact, the tallest peak in the Philippines is a potentially active volcano, Mount Upple, located in the South Mindanao area. The country has numerous mountain ranges and islands that dip into the first place. The country has numerous mountain ranges and islands that dip into the fertile valleys. The largest range being the Cordillero range and the north Bluson area. Hooking into the Sierra Madre range on the east side, which feeds the longest river of the country, the Cagayan, that flows into the Cagayan Valley. This valley along with the central Bluson Valley are the largest... You know, that's super trippy that like, Indonesia and the Philippines, they have so many volcanoes. Yeah, like... And none of them are like, going ham. I'm just going crazy. Yeah, they're just chilling. Which is terrifying. That means that eventually they're going to be lying crazy. Thermal crop lands and produced nearly all of the rice in the Philippines. The Pisaes are known for growing the most sugarcane, whereas Mindanao specializes heavy in coconut and fruit production. Back in Lassondo, you can find the largest lake in the country, Lake Laguna de Bae, which is actually in the caldera of Adorment volcano. The lake has a weird detached island called Talim and is actually drained by the Paseek river that flows through the capital Manila. And finally, the country is the heart of typhoon territory. They can comment almost eight times of the year. The nation will experience on average about 20 of the turbulent storms annually, which often flood to their many river systems. Wow. Yeah, if anything, Filipinos are the most cyclone adapted people on the river. Wow. The water has always been kind of their thing. So it means they're using fishing. They're using fishing. Just not exactly quite diving into it. Otherwise, the Philippines is one of the 17 mega diversities on earth. They actually have the world of marine biodiversity. That's beautiful. Yeah. Wow. The largest fish in the world, whale shark. Tiny place. And they found that many new species. Ooh. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Moustier. Mmm. This time, Konnava, Mmm. This one. Ok. Ok. Alright? Marla. of a car or Manila Hemp producers and the second largest coconut producer after Indonesia. Sure is it? There's another important industry taking up about 8% of their GDP and playing over 3 million people. And now when I think about coconuts, I don't think about Indonesia or Philippines. I don't think about Asia. I don't either. I think when I think coconuts, California, Hawaii, that's about it. I don't think all of them stay from being real. I don't maybe Australia, maybe, but I don't think Asia. I just think Tom Hanks. Have just some islands. I don't know where those islands are supposed to be. I don't know where those islands are supposed to be. What if that was not the only specialty and culinary strange? Every dish looks like a fairy. He would have seen more like a lot of dishes. You could eat a guy in Kamei or eat with their hands. Yeah, pretty much everything has rise and then you're going to get a lot of priests, and salt and vinegar and a lot of like, I don't care if that looks like it goes there or not. I'm still going to eat it anyway. Right Ken? Yeah, that's Filipino food. Yeah. There's really no official national dish, but three meals that are well known for are a dobel, lumpia and sinegang. And in the noodles look amazing. That john is a huge deal. There are also dishes like Tagalog steak, dinola, pancit, lukelu, karekare, sigstig, tapcilo, balut, kili lao, and my favorite Filipino dish, palabok. Just put some nice little lemon juice on it. Actually got this at Jolly B. If you don't know what Jolly B is, it's like the most popular fast food chain in the Philippines. It's like if McDonald's and KFC adopted a Filipino baby and they even added spaghetti to their menu for some... Oh wow. And that shrimp looks good. I think that's rice noodles with it. I think I would still be a little worrisome about fast food shrimp. Oh I buy it. That's how I am here in the US and stuff. And bother me. I buy it from like pypais and things like that. That's true I guess. I take that back. Yeah. And the Filipino's are dessert experts. They love their ube. Ube everything. Ube ice cream. Ube bread. Ube pie. I've heard of ube cakes. I haven't even heard of it. I've heard of ube. I've heard of ube cakes. They also have halalala. Let's have a little one. So they have flan too. That's so weird. What you call me? If you're either Latin American or Spanish, you may notice some of those foods are also found in Latin cuisines. And there's a reason for that. Yeah. Let's go explain that in. Now only in the Philippines can you find people that have Spanish names. Speak English, celebrate an Austrian-easian culture and cook Chinese. General MacArthur once said, give me a thousand Filipino soldiers and I will conquer the world. Yeah. For some reason, Filipinos are like the best friends of Asia. Filipinos still have the best attitudes and smiles. They even give time off felony sentences if the prisoner is volunteer to take part in the American accent. I've seen these videos. These are phenomenal. Have you seen their? Yeah. They do like the Michael. Yeah, they're doing thriller right there. As we just said, they get time off of their sentences if they didn't because they have to work together and learn to listen and follow instruction and kind of develop as people in general. So it's kind of like we're seeing that you have the ability to be like you're growing. Yeah. As a person. Normalized. Yeah. Back to civilization. So these videos are awesome. We might have to take a look at this. Yeah. That's cool. Public. Oh, but we're getting ahead of ourselves. First, the graph. The country is about 110 million people and is the eighth most populated country in Asia and the 12 most populated country in the world. There are about 175 ethnolinguistic people groups in the Philippines, the majority of whose languages are Austronesian. Of these groups, the largest ones are the Tagalog at about 28%. 13% are Sibuano, 9% are Ilugano, and 8% are Bissaya. The rest are made up of other groups plus a small minority. I've never heard of any of these. Yeah. Hmm. Okay. Non-native citizens, mostly Asians and Americans. It's important to note though that the Philippines has about 10.2 million people overseas worldwide. It is one of the largest diaspora populations spanning over 100 countries. The US alone has about 4 million. I mean, they were at one point colonized by the US, so go figure. They used the Filipino face on the right side. Yeah. The American. Yeah. The American. And see, plug outlets and they drive on the right side of the road. Oh, and keep in mind, the word Pinois is synonymous with something that is Filipino. You might see that use a lot. Now back to the ethnic groups thing. Since there are over 175 of them, you would think, how do they all come? Well, the Philippines has two official languages. English, which makes in the fifth most English-speaking nation on Earth, and Filipino, which is the standard option of the Gallo. The Filipino-Tagalog language spoken today is a very different from pure Tagalog. It actually has about 14% Spanish, 10% while I, and 7% English mixed into it with a slew of other borrowed loan words. You can see the influence in words like, very Spanish with a pea or a pea with a pea. Yeah, same with Koreans actually. Yeah. High five with minimal consonants. Yay! Oh, and fun fact. Ken taught me this in Tagalog. You can actually say an entire conversation just using the syllable ba. For example, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba. Well, that was fun. Otherwise, in the Bessias and Mindanao area, Sebuan always comes in language as well as other region tongues, like Warae and Dobboe. And it's kind of like a mannana. It's a real indigestion. Javacano, located in... So in Spanish, mannana means tomorrow. And then mannana also means in the morning. So it's all about... Situation. What's the word I'm looking for? It's all about the words that surround it. Like, you know, okay, like asteminiana. That just means I'm gonna see you tomorrow. Yeah. So... Contents. Now, the Philippines is unique in that over a past few centuries, they've gone through three periods that shaped their identity. Before European intervention, the Philippines has had a multitude of early civilizations that built kingdoms and dynasties like the Tondo, the Namayan, the Pangassinan, and the Sulu Santorin. Many of these kingdoms had their own indigenous writing system, such as the Babayan, Ujit. That's right. That was some cool face paint. Yeah. A big sense, yeah. I didn't know that. The population adhering to the faith. The rest are mostly Protestant. The small Muslim minority in the South Mindanao area. The Philippines is the largest Christian nation in Asia. It seems crazy to think that they're so close. It's crazy how heavily concentrated these countries are with religions, but they're completely different religions. Like India, China, Malaysia, Indonesia. So you've got Hindi, Buddhist, and then you've got Islam, and then over here you've got Christianity. Like here in Canada, you have Christianity. And the US, you have Christianity. In Mexico, you have Christianity. Right. And it's all probably roughly the same, like different distances, really. But it's all Christianity. It's the majority, not necessarily the requirement. All three of these countries are freedom of religion, so you can literally practice whatever you want. Yeah, just the majority is Christianity. And the world population Christianity is the most common religion. And I think number two is like no religion or something like that, Muslim. Fifth largest Christian nation on earth. And third largest Catholic nation after Brazil and Mexico. They have so many holidays and festivals devoted to Catholic themes like all Saints day, Holy Week, and Easter, and of course the largest one, Christmas. The Philippines has the longest Christmas season out of anywhere else on earth. Okay, so now we're just gonna wrap it fire a list of 12 fun cultural facts for the Philippines. Filipinos have a ton of superstitions. For example, whistling at night will turn you to a werewolf. For formal occasions, you may see Filipinos wearing traditional barons for men and Maria Clatta or Mastice addresses for women. There are many other traditional costumes and customs for the other 170 ethnic groups. Too many to cover, but it goes everywhere. From feathers, coconut fibers, hair dresses, tribal tattoos, and so on. Speaking of which, the Philippines dominates major international beauty legends with a grand total of 15 victories at the Miss Universe, Miss World, Miss International and Miss Earth competitions. Basketball and boxing are the most popular sport by far. All right, I'll admit to why I find Filipino women are Filipinas so attractive. It's because they're thicker. As far as like the general population of all these different countries, Filipina girls are Filipinas. That's weird saying that. Are typically a little bit thicker and have more meat on their bones. You think so? Yeah, 100%. He seems skinny. Yeah, I wonder what he is. I think he's South Korean or something. Oh, he doesn't look pure either. He looks like he's mixed as well. Mm-hmm. They have 100% in Africa. They're all in the vast bowling in Asia. And the second oldest in the world after United States. And come on, we all know Pacquiao. The Philippines is the leading nation to train and export nurses abroad. It's been said at one point. Every Filipino has their, should I just drop everything and become a nurse moment in their life crisis? That's a fact. I've had those. And the word Balik Bayan means returner or returning family. It is used when someone comes back from expat work abroad. You might hear the honorific title of Paul or Opal for elders. And a lot of people often raise the backs of the hands of their elders to their forehead as a sign of respect and say, bless. In the Philippines, you have your name and you have your Penoinic name. And they get really weird and creative. Pepsi, Bingbong, Jellyboy, Pinky, Bambong, and Earl. Every Filipino on every island in every region can tell you, Filipinos are obsessed with karaoke. The first karaoke machine was actually patented by a Filipino, Burkdo Del Rosario, even though some Japanese do it invented it. But you patented it. Obviously, that means music is a big deal in the Philippines. Besides taking modern cues from American pop, they also have traditional style. Insurance include things like Guadjapi, Guiletang, Guimbal, Gu Bing, Antogali. In addition, there are many different styles of dance, but the most famous one considered the national dance is Tinikling. A dance done between two pairs of perpendicular bamboo poles that are clapped together as percussion tools. And the dancers must weave their feet in and out in the spaces before getting hit or tripped. Like now, on a bit of a more objective note, we do have to talk about some of the controversies. The Philippines is beautiful, but if you've been keeping up with current events, they do have their fair share of issues that have made headlines. We don't sugarcoat everything here. Human trafficking, whether in the sex industry, slavery, or organ smuggling, has been a problem in certain areas. And even though anti-trafficking acts have been passed by the government, enforcement has not always been on par. Drug trade has also been a major inconvenience for decades affecting millions of... It's all about who has the money to pay. I mean, we have the same issue here. Yeah, trafficking. Yeah, there's drug trafficking, sex trafficking. It's an issue. And it's because the cartels pay a lot better than the government does. Yeah. To people in the country, this is led to the new controversial laws instituted by President Duarte, which encouraged the public to seek bounty in exchange for hunting down drug pushers, many have died in the process. And finally, you have the Morole Conflict, an insurgency in the predominantly Muslim-Mindinale region, which sought to take parts of Eastern Malaysia and break away through conflict. The fight has been going on for nearly half a century and now it's just ending at the turn of the 21st century. Kind of. For what is worth, though, in the Philippines, everyone is family at the end. You don't have to be related to anyone to call someone at the Orculla. There's even a word by I침ihan, which means something like helping one another through community spirit without expecting anything to return. In any case, we got to finish the off-desegment with history. Austronesians. Tribal kingdoms insultin' it. This guy came to the islands. Catholicism comes in. La Poulapou and Magellan dies in battle. Five Spanish dudes followed through. They finally become a colony of Spain. The Galean trade. British Philippines. And then back to Spain, the Treaty of Paris. Philippine Revolution. The Spanish-American War. First Philippine Republic. Philippine-American War. American occupation. World War II, Japan invades. American pushes them back. Finally, Philippine independence. Ferdinand Marcos turned from president to dictator. Marshal Law. This guy gets killed because he was against the regime. People power revolution. They've been through so much. Yeah. Oh my goodness. People are from agricultural society to an industrial one. And here we are today. And now we finish off with the notable famous people condensed. Some famous people, you guys, the Pinot Ejagr, people suggested we mention in this episode include La Poulapou. Jose Rizal. These two saints. Melkorra, Aquimino. These two saints. El Cezan. La Candula. Josefayanes Escoda. And Vicente Lim. Carlos Pe침a Ramulo. And all the best universe winners. And there's a ton of Americans with Philipp- Dave Batista's Philippine. Told you they're thick. Pinot or partial filet. And Bruno Mars and Vanessa Hutchins. And Irique Glacias. I don't know that. Yeah, you can see there's lots of American Filipinos. Those two get along pretty tight. We'll explain more on how that happened. In. In. In. Because of the long history in the Philippines being colonized by two major Western powerhouses, it would make sense that it would have ties with the outside world in many different ways. For friends, the Philippines is generally close with all the Azean nations. And does great business with them, particularly Indonesia and Malaysia, their closest neighbors. The martial islands, Palau and the federal states of Micronesia are all cousin countries, many of which have Filipino migrants in them. And they all share the same history of being former US territories and US influence states. Of course, Spain will always be in the United States. I don't know any of this. I don't know. I'm a colonizer that they gained much influence from. Although Filipinos are not considered Latino, the Spanish and many Latin Americans kind of see them as like the adopted Asians that totally fit in their family. It's like, come on. Your Catholic, you eat flan. Every fifth word you speak of Spanish, you're basically one of us. Interestingly enough, the relationship with Mexico has historically been always strong. The Philippines was ruled under a Mexico-based vice royalty of New Spain. The Manila Gallians were Spanish trading ships, which for two and a half centuries linked the Philippines with Mexico across the Pacific Ocean, making one or two rounds. Maybe that's why I like Filipinos. Because they're basically Mexican. Yeah. Trip Boy just per year between the ports of Acapulco and Manila. And Mexican traditions were brought in like the day of the dead and champurrado. Ooh, it was very long. Most Filipinos were probably safe, even though colonial years were a little bit bumpy, ultimately the USA and South Korea. South Korea was one of their closest best friends from the 20th century on. World War II really bonded with them after the Japanese occupation year, and they supported each other diplomatically. Koreans are the top number one tourist demographic that visit the Philippines. Koreans kind of admire the fact that even though they were both influenced by the US, Filipinos speak better English. Whereas Filipinos practically obsess over Korean products in media. Oh, us. That's why we're meaning that. That's why we're meaning that. For the USA, Thai for close, ever since they became their colony in 1898. The US also had the largest number of overseas Filipinos at over 4 million, most of whom live on the West Coast States, like Hawaii and California. They are one of the oldest Asian partners of the US. They have a mutual defense treaty, and they are the largest export partner and second largest import after China. American pop larger dominates much of the youth influence. Hollywood studios love filming there, and Gallup polls have shown that the USA is favored on average by over 90% of the people asked, making it one of the most pro-American countries on the planet. And Ken, you take the conclusion. In conclusion, if you enter a room full of Asians, you definitely know who the Filipinos are. While everyone's so uptight, we're the ones seeking karaoke and some are salting. You could just feel the energy of a Filipino. There's a touch of Latin flavor with American pop undertones. But in the end, no matter what island, you're immediately considered part of the Penoi family. Ken, you're one of my best friends. I love you, man. I'm so proud of you. Thanks. Stay tuned. Poland is coming up now. That's awesome. That was a bunch of stuff that I had no idea about. That was like 99.99% of things I didn't know about. Outside of like they want a bunch of Miss... What is it? Miss Galaxy? Miss Universe. Yeah, Miss Universe. This is definitely something I'm gonna have to rewatch, just because it shoots off so fast. Yes. That I mean to retain it, you know. But so I could Google it, but y'all know me. I'm not gonna Google it if I can have a conversation with the locals. So down in the comments, they didn't really specify who's the ruler or who, how the politics are there, as far as, because they did say it was a monarch or, no. Like a dictatorship at one point, is it now back to a democratic system? Is do y'all do presidents or do y'all do, what's it called, parlemental type stuff, or do y'all have a monarchy? What's the situation? Obviously I don't think y'all have a monarchy because y'all haven't had one in the past. So yeah, let me know down in the description below. Yeah, like I said, not the description, but the comments below. I'm gonna rewatch this to try and retain a lot of this information, but it was very informable. So. So if you're still watching, you know you're crazy, and we love you for that. So if you are still watching for that matter, go ahead and subscribe, because that means you actually enjoy our content, and they go ahead and smash that like button, because again, you like this. If you're still watching, you're crazy. So, and if you can help us out, hit the join button, and with that being said. My name is Miles. And my name is Feds. Thanks for watching, guys. Peace.