 There was a beautiful girl. Ooh! Okay, and... Weather is clearing up again. Look at these so nice. Maybe you will be left sun again. When the evening is playing. Bravo! What are you doing? Okay, that way. You want to take the mango inside? There are three mangoes like your dress. Yellow. Hmm? Oh! Good morning, baby. Oh, oh! What are you doing? Okay, that way. You want to take the mango inside? There are three mangoes like your dress. Yellow. Hmm? Yellow. Yellow. Oh, oh! Papi just went to the palanquin, right? Yes, and look at how big this mango is. Today, mommy will prepare something really delicious. And she said that she will surprise me. She will show me something that I never saw before. Oh, oh! One mango, it fell somewhere. Bella Bella is throwing everything. No! Oh, no! And today is really sunny. The weather is really perfect. And mommy wants to surprise me. Want to prepare something that I never see before. And I need to cut some bamboo, she said. So, let's go to the forest nearby, just over there. And let's get some bamboo. Let's go. Okay, look at here. There are many bamboo. Let's choose a good one. Actually, we are cutting many because they are going inside our property. Okay, let's find some good one. We need to be a bit malaché. That one maybe is a good one. Or let's see also there. We need to be careful, back at some snake. Look at here. Really a jungle. There was a beautiful girl. She didn't see it. Okay, I think this should be fine. Let's go. Okay, I took also two more mass maliettes. So, back at this, we'll cook faster because with the big one, maybe we'll take too long. We can start to cook. But the weather is not promising well. Back at we rain a lot. Baby! Baby! It's 13.30 in the morning already. Saiyan because it was really magangada weather today. It takes a lot of grass for money. It's a lot of grass for money. I think you're going to remove the whole plant. Oh yeah, that's enough. Actually, we will save the roots so we will propagate. I need these. Let's go. You get wet. Bella! You have a beautiful one. It's bigger than you. Can you hold it? Try. Thank you, beautiful. Bravo, love. Oh, you're strong, huh? I'm going to be a baby. I'm going to be a baby. I'm going to be a baby. I'm going to be a baby. I'm going to be a fercha, ba. And then I'll get it right. Smells amazing! sonic sound We're getting some nice colors. Let's move on to a think. Coming back here. dollar that is your neighbor? Going to be a baby. Great! one, two, play rain rain goa wait okay and the sky is clearing up again maybe we'll have some also later Bella are you playing here when my papy and cuka yes okay that's right let's wash our shrimps first and I don't know yet what you're going to cook but I see shrimps and I like already because I love shrimps yes I know here the charcoal so we're on bigot I bought this on Faco I think I know guys is raining with the sun so we cannot cook in the garden instead we're going to cook here we are actually stealing the garden but at least we are covered let's start and curious to see what mommy will do today you will find out soon very good thank you so much okay we need to cut now the bamboo actually the sun is up again back up we will come back and the cook in the garden as we was planning we need to cut now the bamboo okay we will use this one actually this is my first time cooking this way I never said before mommy will show me for the first time today they need to create like a pan with this I don't know even if I will make it we will see it's my first time they need to create like a pan with this I don't know even if I will make it we will see it's my first time oh maybe I think I'm making it that was so dangerous here we go look at this will be a perfect pan I make it mommy will not even believe look at this we have our pan first time accomplish perfectly so for this recipe people that we are going to cook today shrimp inside a bamboo shoot or a bamboo pole very basic ingredients we are going to use garlic ginger calamansi and our lemon grass which we just got from our garden we are going to use garlic ginger calamansi and our lemon grass we just got from our garden so I'm going to just squeeze some calamansi juice and our shrimp right now belly sleeping so she's not able to watch this she would have laughed if she sees this so I just crushed our garlic but I'm not going to remove the skin because they say it's more flavorful and more aromatic if you keep the skin in the garlic nice and ginger so more very nice and nice so belly belly is awake just in time for us to transfer the shrimps to bamboo pole and actually also many minutes there look actually for us to do this so please bear with us it's an experiment and we hope it will succeed and I'm very curious to try doing this kind of look at this is my first time seeing anything ladies actually alright I'm so excited alright okay okay and then we're going to put it put the shrimps in the Bob so okay okay it's burning now this is our shrimps very good now it's starting to burn we have fire oh I think we should move the other blocks a bit farther away so it will cook everything maybe Bella you're here cooking with mama and papa you're so cute I think mommy's there look yes that's right hot yes it's hot hi just stay there now mommy is finishing the and we will be able to try to try the shrimps how much is the fish in the belly? it's really beautiful yeah hmm so while waiting for our shrimps to cook I'm going to prepare a simple mango salad so we'll just need lettuce here so papa bought some lettuce from the market I'm going to choose I think this one is okay we're going to wash this and one mango one ripe mango lemon a bit of onion we'll put that here and tomatoes and I'm just going to wash them here we go you have to wash them and we'll use a little bit of a bit of the salt and we'll do the same we'll do the same we'll do the same here we go you have to wash them no no it's not that good you have to wash them we can yeah let's try okay we are ready to eat our shrimps I'm so excited my first time I really never see anything becooker in the bamboo this is so exciting and the smell of the bald it's so smelly it's so very very delicious look at this I'm going to wash it look look look look at the head it's so very good let's try good here are the shrimps oh yeah the story is very good still it's so very good oh yeah it's so delicious it's so delicious it's so delicious is it hot? it's hot it's so delicious it's hot okay excited to build you want to try this? yeah oh okay we are ready here we go you eat it already? yeah nice nice there is a bit of wood taste it's different, smoky taste it's very delicious it's very delicious and you are the first showing me this I never saw before I never saw before try to sit down remove the head and then sit down the juice and then sit from there or from here oh yes okay it's okay right? yes you can also want the dip I prepared a dip there this is garlic with onion, garlic, and vinegar it's so easy to win the vinegar it's also good let's try it's a bit sweet it's good we eat it it's like a cow it's delicious it's very mild it's very mild it's very sweet it's very mild it's very mild it's very mild really good really good Filipino rice and the salad mango salad Filipino power and then Filipino power for papi I feel like I'm not good and this is really cool it's very still actually juice inside you doesn't know if you can see smoke come out water you want water? Bye bye guys. Thank you so much for watching us. See you in the next video. We are going to finish the food. See you. Bye bye. Oops. No. No preparation like. No preparation like. No. No preparation like. No preparation like. Okay. It's your vlog. We are going to... Bye bye. We are going to... Bye bye. We are going to... We are going to... We are going to...