 What's up, Malka Proud? Tunay ng iye babaw ang kantang Pilipina. Hindi laham ang saatin kapap Pilipino. Pero masigit sa may balaay. Kayano man, to date s-video episode ay paggusaap natin. Ang magkababaya natin hindi laham ang bastanakahanap ng apham. Kuntek nakapang asawa ng Hollywood celebrity. Welcome to Sabagong Video Episode Mula sa One Pilipino TV. Kung saan, tayong mag-pilipino ang bumibita. Salamat sa inyong pag-subscribe. Kila langi natin si Stefan na delakruus. Isang Pilipina American na natin actress at model. Asawa siya ni Kevin Games ang Hollywood celebrity actor ng bumibita sa ilang ma-comedy films. Nagaya ng Kroll-Up 2 at Pixel. Nag kaki lahalag daloa. Mula sa Isang Blinded No 2001. At na-ubingas sa kasalan No 2004. Shilapina. Alright, well okay, so that explains it. Now you know why you see me at all those Filipino events. I'm not there picking up, but see I'm dropping something old. Shalaman si David, Kari, Weber, Shapel. Isang American stand up kumidan. Bumidan natin siya sa ilang ma-comedy movies. Alamat na dinito si Dave. Dahil meron lang naman siyang anim na Emmy Watch. At tak long Grammy Watch. Pero ang pinakachi min na White. Ayang makapang asawa ng Pilipina. Tamahaba ng makapal. Omig mo ag. At pagusapal natin. Where did you get this girlfriend? And Brooklyn. And Brooklyn. Is that right? Yeah, I met her in New York. You can't, she's not a White-check issue. No. That would look bad. Eddie Murphy, you know that would... She's Filipino, which is like Filipino. Ang very supportive Filipino wife, ni Dave Shapel, I see a land mendosa. Sila, I 20 years nang kasal. Who's that? That's Neil Adams. What's a she-do? What does she do? Man! Si Ruby Nalam Adams. Oh, mas kilala bilang Neil Adams. Ay ipinangalak sa mainila, noong 1932. Shal, I Filipino American. Atres, singer, and dancer. Bumidala siya sa mahingik dalawam umpilikula at serie sa television. Noong decada cinquenta, hanggang decada dubenta. Noong 1956 ay nakilala at napangasawanya, ang Hollywood icon nasi Steve McQueen. Munit hindi nabitagal at nabiboros shorail, noong 1972. And also Steve McQueen, your first husband was also a huge star. And of course, you know, you're a huge star. Kila lani naman natin si Martialine Garces. Isang Filipino American, film producer, at philanthropist. Siya ay dating asawa lang Hollywood star nasi Robin Williams. Mula 1989 hanggang 2010. Paano si lalang kaki lala, si Martial ay dating nani ni Robin Williams. At mula ng sa pagiging nani, naging personal assistant na niya ito, sa kanyang mga pilikula hanggang sa naglaon ay naging producer. Mulan naman sa mga napangasawah, nada kutayo sa mga kababaya natin na jinowala lang ng mga Hollywood sila-vities. Isan naman si Ginger Gonzaga. Nanoon ay 35 years old na maging boylet na si Jim Carey. Ndi man umabot sa isang taon ang kanilang relation. Nalang simula nong sila ay magkatrabaho sa series na the Kidding. Ang komedantang si Ginger Gonzaga ay maskilala sa kanyang role na si Nikki Ramos. Ang best friend ni Jennifer Walters sa series na She-Hop. Nothing is so many Filipino entertainers want to break into the mainstream. I mean, even my grandmother wanted me to be an actress. When I was six years old, she said to me, when you grow up, I'm going to volunteer you to play the role of Jesus Christ in the real reign-adventure of the cross of fiction of Jesus in the Philippine Island. Sa ibang usapan naman, may mga nasiran relation din ang mga internation ng celebrity. Nama nga liling sa mga local celebrity natin kababayan. Nga ang isang cuento, pasok, boys over. I'm gonna be faithful to your eye. I can see my mom's knee, my sister's knee, my baby's knee, my baby's knee, I'm gonna spend the rest of my life here. What's your favorite KGP? I'm gonna be back at the thingin mo. He's very special to you. I'm gonna be back at your gype together. What's in here? Very matured. And very, very bad. And I'm gonna feel as he's God given. I know what the Lord is. I know what he's saying. Okay, so you're saying that this is for keeps. This is what you're gonna do. I'm gonna be back at your gype. Oh, I know what you're gonna do. A few moments later. You know what? You're the only one who has a beauty queen, a gyro and your non-showbiz boyfriend. What's your favorite? Your own friendship with your vocalist, the band of the script. In 2013, the first two of us were born in the 21st corner of gyro in the first year of gyro. And his boyfriend was J.P. Santos. He's not just a man of color, J.P. I see. Hey, there's a panic in the script. We're gonna put our concert together. Wait, how did he know you? He was like, you're gonna be in the air. He was like, you're gonna be in the air. So I said, I'm gonna miss you. I'm really excited about the script. Oh, what's up? I'm gonna tell you. I'm just gonna tell you that I'm not gonna miss you. Sorry, I'm just gonna tell you. Hey, why are you so excited? Of course. Why are you so excited? I'm just gonna tell you. You know, the two of us were born in the 20s and we were born in the 20s. This is the only story. Let's start the voiceover. I'm gonna tell you. And my god, nobody warned me about the beauty. Please, now you know, thank you. I was told that. Thank you. I think that's gonna be this beautiful. It's amazing. Can I have a little of a song? Oh, thank you. I'm here. Enjoy the Philippine. In 2005, the actress at Viva Hot Big star, Nasi Andrea de Rosario, was on a vacation in the United States when the star of the popular past and for you, franchise approached her. Even after returning to the country, Del Rosario continued to have constant communication through emails for quite a while. As to why they stopped communicating, Del Rosario said, Of course, I'm not sure if it's gonna be more than that. It's just one of those random things that she was told to do in the bonding moment. If you're ready, let's live it at that. The Philippine beauty of the world class. That's what she's been told. Thank you very much for watching. And also, subscribe to my channel. And also, click on the notification to update me on our Philippine moments video. Bye.