 But you're Friday. The freshest. Okay, let's talk about freaking this. Okay, Juan Carlos came back and new song, it's top 80 in freaking the hollow YouTube International Music, which is so freaking dope. I love this guy. The way that I am excited to listen to this whole song, we did it like little snippet. We checked out the TikTok that he released on his TikTok. Juan Carlos. I love this guy. Let's keep up watch to the whole thing. Because this is like a live performance kind of like song. Look at that sound engineering. I love that angle of that camera. He goes, I love that bit. We're just discussing his and proper artist. Oh, 100%. Oh, it's Corral. Corral. Corral, what are you doing there, sir? Bass player. Totally murdering this way he's doing. The layers. Well, this is what makes him what we say like a proper artist artist. The reason why we say that is because usually low level artists, not that the quality of the product may be low, it's just that artist that perhaps haven't gone too far in depth into their own artistry. In order to go that deep into your artistry, you have to also do like a little bit of like self discovery. You have to actually get to know you. It's interesting because you can still be discovering layers of your own persona, but in terms of like artistically you know yourself better than anybody else and you understand what triggers that creativity if that makes sense. I think also you understand, even if you may not understand yourself. Because a lot of these guys and a lot of these like true artists are quite conflicted in the videos, a lot of turmoil inside, but they at least have found a method of translating it and communicated to the masses which I think is for the best music though. Correct. I like this layers. Also, where the hell did they film this? Oh. Ah. It's such a nasty song my arrangement was. Oh my god, I freaking adore this guy. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. Oh come on, come on, come on, come on, who's on the drums? Yeah, that was nasty. Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? How are you? How are you? I'm fine. Sir, how was it down? Come on, sit down, talk to me, what's happening in the song? Yeah, it was so good. We'll have a look at the lyrics in a sec. English. Oh my god, them layers are beautiful. Ooh, the vinyl-yrels sound, the guitar and one sat in one ear. That's so clever. I think it was Correll who arranged this. Sounds like that was stuffy. It's really cool to have the guitar, like that. Like, I like it in a band-euros setting. I guess it's not by a neuropersecut because by neuro-mains that it rotates. But it's on the right channel only. Like on your right ear. It was on my right. It was on my left. It was on my left. So it is by neuro-mains, okay, I don't know. Yeah, the electric guitar is coming from the left. Am I right? I love that, right? That'd be so cool. It's so cool. I'm miming the fuck out of her. It's so good. We caught it, it's fine. I love that he's a live performance video though. Take. Sheesh. Oh, music by music in here. It's so cool. You have to be that cool to swear like that. What a song, right? What a song, right? That's so cool. That's what I have. Listen, I adore the videography so great. The idea of having a distorted like first person camera, magnificent because it really like amplifies the idea of something that is disturbed. What I like about this song though, and Juan Carlos Perse, is that he embodies the 90s alternative music that somehow died after Nirvana. And this is so great because there was a whole generation of musicians and singers in the 90s that basically made this style what it is. It's so refreshing to have it back in a reimagined version, but still maintaining some of those core essence elements of alternative rock at its best. It's just so refreshing and it's incredibly stimulating. I think as well, he's actually very good technically like as a rock singer, like an alternative singer. Anything is like usually alternative rock singers that's somewhat the weakest in alternative rock bands. Like out of all the musicians, usually the singers are the ones that because they prioritize like workiness and like style over technique. That's why they usually like sometimes come for flat like in life moments. But Juan Carlos is one of those, well he because he probably because he began so early and he got such a good grasp on the basics really early on. And then once the foundation is that strong as he progresses into manhood and has he progresses into artistry and his own journey, he can focus truly on stylizing the foundations that he has built so strongly. But a lot of alternative rock singers don't have that sort of background. I think that's the reason why the downfall of alternative rock actually begins in the early 2000s because you have the singers weren't able to maintain the demand of a live music setting. Even though the main source of performances actually were done in live music in the 90s, it kind of reminds me a little bit of Jeff Buckley. Jeff Buckley, sorry, yes, he reminds me so much of Jeff because he has a lot of like even though taken away the falsetto range. But like the core essence of alternative rock, I give it to Jeff Buckley. Like I feel like he embodies the whole element of that. And I think Juan Carlos has brought that back. So it's your generation. Yeah. And I think it's crazy because how old is he? He's younger than me. Think about that. Yeah, I think he's younger than me too. He is. Yeah, they still use his baby pictures. Ha ha ha ha. Cute. He's 22, yeah. Yeah, come on. Come on. What are you listening to, dude? Where are you listening to? I'm real. They're lyrics go a little like this. All of the love and the time I gave seems to be noticed. I'm not good in your eyes. All right. How fucked up it is. We're flying and you left me. All right. You make me look like a fool. We're flying and you left me. Didn't tell me at once that they're already doubts on your mind. You just deepened it more. They weren't hearing my heart. Oh, shit. Right. How fucked up it is. We're flying. You left me. All right. You make me look like a fool. We're flying and you left me. Hang in. What does it mean? The original lyrics in this line is, At a Koi in Iwan, Mosah Ede. While this line contains this song title, Ede, the term, Saede, doesn't have a direct English translation. Since it portrays an idea of a place of abandonment, living someone hanging. You know what's funny in Spanish? Ede means being to be. Right? You are. It's part of the conjugation of you are, right? Ede means it doesn't exist. But there is a game that we play in back home. Ede means it. The bridge. Three billion. It's only you that I really want. I'm sorry if I'm not for you right now. We're now heading towards a new chapter. I don't want to live in a world without us. I'm sorry if I'm not for you right now. We're heading towards a new chapter. I don't want to live in a world without us. And that's it. Very. Very. Very. Very. Great. The lyricism, the atmosphere, the band arrangement, the little mishaps and mistakes, it gives such a great element of a rock alternative to the maximum expression. And I'm going to be obsessed with this. Apparently this is a whole album. You bet I'm going to be listening to that whole thing. It is. It's like sat songs and shit. What is it? Sat songs and bullshit. Part one. That's the name of the album. Sir, you're about to get replayed. Go show it all the love and say that. Stream, stream, stream. Good bye.