 🎵 Good morning guys, welcome back to another video and we have made it. We are on our way to the Joy bus terminal now. We are in our grab. We should take another 20 minutes or so to get there. The stomach is still not feeling great but I thought I've just got to get on with it and get out to Baguio. I think it's about five, six hours on the bus. We've got the premium exclusive one, something like that. I think we've got the TVs and that I want to show you all of that because we thought that sounded really cool. That's a new bus. We haven't seen anything like that in the Philippines before. And we've made it to the Joy bus terminal. It's in the Genesis bus area but we've got an outside bit for different buses but it's a completely executive. Get the inside in here in the aircon which is a lot nicer because out there it's very ecstatic but in here it's a lot more chilled out. So we've got our tickets and we're going to have a warning if you are going to come and get the Joy bus you're doing to make sure we have our tickets printed in advance. Obviously we didn't have a printer so I had to explain that. But do have them printed out more as sometimes if the internet is down you might have to get a new one up and get to board the bus. But it should be here in about 10 or 15 minutes and hopefully we can get on there. And this is the outside bit. You don't go with the Joy bus. You just see no aircon efficient. You get a bus cable out there. There are two under face so you get the premier one like this. Definitely worth the money. And we are in the seat. What do you think of it? It's really comfy. It's so much leg room. It's so much leg room. Look for this. And you've got the TV screens with all the pink store films and that. We need to check it out. I know. But there is so much space. Aircon is really good. I'm going to toilet there. Here is our entertainment business. We've got some movie. We've got premier movies. They are very new movies. That's all that you get. Things you go back to. I can't believe it. So you have a set up. You've also got the leg extension. Obviously all the fresh movies. The chair goes back. Money is really showing you on the movies. The tray. The toilet right next to you. It is a quality set up. The system doesn't only have movies. We've also got books, music, games, the internet. About the bus company. They're checking the games. They've got that angry bird. It's like literally having a nightmare in front of you. It's going to make it so fireball. It was so much easier. I've got my movie sorted. Money has got a movie sorted. The white fight seemed pretty quick. Which is really good. I've got my drink and the vitamins. The stomach is feeling a little bit better. I think it's about 5 hours depending on traffic. I think the worst bit is getting out of my nil. But yeah. See how this all goes. So we're about halfway through now. It's just greenery. I've never seen so much greenery. It just feels off the fields. Those are farms. We're going to have the journey shoes. We gave us blankets. She gave us cream biscuits and a bottle of water. That was really handy. I'm still watching White Film. Matt's still watching his film. We haven't been asleep as well. These are so comfy. You can't recline all the way back. There's no work behind you. Like Matt's probably going to in a minute. But yeah. We're halfway through now. And I'm probably going to go back to sleep. Thank you. And. Thank you. And we have made it to the city of Pines. We were going to get a grab or a taxi to the hotel. But actually one of the taxi drivers off the bus told us that it was about a 300 meter walk up the hill. It's a good workout. Neither rest of the gym for a while. So we just walked in. First impressions of this place though. It is really, really foggy. And it doesn't look like the Philippines. My first impression was that it reminded me of Japan a little bit. I don't know. It might be wrong. But it is so much fog here. And we're so high up. We can't believe that there's a city in the middle of the mountains. It makes no sense at all. And we have arrived in our room. Very wet. We were warned about the rain in Baguio. But we thought we'd just come anyway. It is such a pretty city. Like it's so surprising already. But the room is really nice. Nice TV. The bed. The bed's lovely. Very comfortable. It's my favourite bit already. Oh yeah, go on. The old one. Oh no, it's going to be a dramatic day. He fails. He broke it. Okay. Wow. It's all like... I love the log fill. It is. Like you're under a holiday. Oh my god. Look at that rain. But look at this view. It's so much pop. It is crazy. We were thinking about, I don't know what we're going to do today. We're going to chill for a little bit to retire. We don't get some food. We wanted to do the strawberry fields tomorrow. We're not sure if they're open because of the rain. So we need to find things to do in Baguio in the rain. This is currently what I look like. Silly me packed the packermack and the umbrella in our case. So when the downpour came, we were just in our t-shirt and trackies. So yeah, I'm absolutely soaking. We've literally just well uploaded in the vlog. We're hoping it goes up the Wi-Fi here. In Baguio actually seems quite good. Quite a quick show. I've got changed. Nothing. Two fans. So even I think we're going to go down to the hotel's restaurant. Which is meant to be quite nice. Going to try our first proper meal. Test out our stomach. And if that all goes well and have a couple of beers, we might head along Session Road. We've heard it is full of bars restaurants. Maybe some clubs is their club. Just comment below if it's club. We definitely like to check that out while we're in Baguio. But we know it is a university town. So we know the nightlife is going to be very good. So we've gone for the easy option. We've gone down to our hotel's restaurant. We've got two tiger lights. I cannot wait. It will be our first beer for like... No, you're waiting. Oh my god, I cannot wait. That tastes good. I love the decor in here as well. It's like a... By the name of a proper lodge. You feel like you're skiing. Obviously being in the mountains, it sort of makes sense. But it's really, really nice. It's pouring down with rain outside. We can't see it, but there is the SM all. So we've got to SM all after this. Or we have a session down Session Road. Look at the size of our NATO. It's huge. It's like a finger plate. A finger plate. It has meant to be like a little nib nib. This is massive. I cannot wait it again. And our stomachs are making it eat all these. This is make or break. These are natto's. The natto's were so, so good. I think it actually even helps out my stomach. So we've headed a few bars down, or a few bars down. A few buildings down and we've come to drop out. And I love the young crowd that's out here. Like, it's obviously being the uni town. Everyone's sort of age, it's out and about. So it makes for a very good night.