 Ever since I announced that I am coming to live in the Philippines, so I'm moving to the Philippines. I have been absolutely bombarded with positive comments that are welcoming me. The first of all, thank you guys so much. Another comment that has been showing up quite often is when are you bringing your family to the Philippines? And well, my mom is arriving today and I'm about to go pick her up at the airport and show her my new home here in the Philippines. I am now at the airport to pick up my mom and I have brought her some food in case she's hungry because the airplane food isn't always the best as we all know. And so I brought her some food from BGC and now I just feel a little bit like a delivery driver breaking her food but yeah, also she doesn't have a SIM card yet so I don't know where she is exactly. Hopefully she stands out because she's a lot taller than everyone else. Should be fun. The arrival parts of the airport are always like one of my favorite places because everyone is waiting for someone that they love or having a big reunion with somebody. So it's always like such a nice place to see people that are just genuinely happy to see other people and it's just really beautiful for me at least. There are like children waiting for their dads and moms to come home. Guys and girls waiting for their partners like super excited. Everyone is just in a good mood. So yeah, I enjoy being at these places. And also the amount of times that I get called Justin Bieber here in the Philippines is like unbelievable. First order of business is get a SIM card and then we're on our way to Alabang because tonight we're actually staying in a hotel in Alabang, which is called Vivaire and tonight is a mother-son kind of evening. Good morning from Alabang. The first thing is to go for a swim here in the beautiful pool. The fun fact about Alabang is that we actually used to live here when we were here as a family. So we kind of know this area quite well. That is still definitely the best way to wake up. No coffee to this. The mom has been busy with work all day, but she is about to come to our apartment and she hasn't seen it other than the YouTube channel. She's been working for a long time. She is a big family. I'm a little bit nervous to kind of know what she thinks about our new home here in BGC. But I did spend the whole day cleaning so it should be pretty nice now. And there are even flowers which is a definite plus. And I will also try to make us a gin and tonic each. I'm also starting to feel like a really dolled having a variety of different bottles of Alqo. I was actually thinking about doing a video trying for the Pino alcohol sometimes soon because I haven't really tried any of the local Lickers yet all I've tried is like Sun Miguel light Move Let's me Ignore that one Once again mom not sponsored Even though with that ASMR content they definitely should I Something I also thought I would mention in this video is that I actually started using the coffee machine now Thanks to all the comments saying that using the coffee machine might be cheaper than buying it every single day At the time when I filmed that video I still hadn't found the right coffee blend and milk combination that I liked So that's why we were still buying coffee, but now it's all sorted So don't worry about it. We figured it out. No need to comment about it anymore Now all that's left to do is just wait for my mom exciting my mom will be We're seeing your mom in North Iron shirt I feel like you really couldn't choose a better shirt for the first time in a long time Christmas And then we'll take it off put on a Halloween decoration to do fit the number It's a I do Oh it's cool Oh it's a linen room I don't know I wish it's just a mirror It's a little double the size So much bigger You expected to be smaller? Yeah In the video it looks so be so small even on the YouTube Yeah I was actually saying that my mom knows the apartment as much as my YouTube subscribers Oh I'm new And I made gin and tonic And she even put ice in there and I was like that's a bit optimistic Because it's totally very like for the minutes I put ice but now it's in molten water So that's gross Since the last clip we have actually been to Chargalle for one week and it was absolutely amazing The videos from there are coming soon but my mom is actually flying back to Germany tonight I wanted to know what it was like being back So what is like the top three things that you missed about the Philippines? I cannot name only three things there's so many things I really love the warmth of the country of course but also of the people The vegetation I mean being in Chargalle all this green And the flowers, the fruits And the smile of the people and the vibe in Chargalle is just amazing I really appreciate being back every now and then And now you guys are living here I can right? I have a reason to come back Here's a reason to come back And what did you think about like the lifestyle, the life that I've kind of built up here over the past few months? The apartment was really lovely I think And the area where you live is of course super convenient But honestly the Philippines for me I mean I don't get it Why don't you go to the provinces? Why don't you go out there, live in Chagalle, live on an island, enjoy life Manila is just a city right? If I would be a YouTuber I would not stay in Manila for sure For now you guys have to wait for the Chagalle video This was so good video Thank you guys so much for watching It was nice to have my mom here in the Philippines And I'll see you guys in the next video My mom had something to say to you guys still You have to subscribe, give her a hit the pollute When my YouTube channel hits 100,000 subscribers I will eat pollute Because so many people... I want to see him eating pollute It's just a chicken in an egg right? Maybe the beak? Oh no So you know what to do I'm not sure if I can do it But I'm not sure if I can do it I'm not sure if I can do it I'm not sure if I can do it I'm not sure if I can do it I'm not sure if I can do it I'm not sure if I can do it I'm not sure if I can do it I'm not sure if I can do it I'm not sure if I can do it I'm not sure if I can do it I'm not sure if I can do it I'm not sure if I can do it I'm not sure if I can do it