 Filipino just can't seem to get together without having a few drinks on the table Drew! This ceremony I never had that experience is considered essential for a safe and double-cree situation as drinkers share a common glass. This is something that I experienced in Chicago. Everybody was just sharing a glass. I was kind of like skeptical. Hello, hello and welcome to What's Up Philippines? We are back with another video, Woody Hosed, Nelly and today I am going to react to a video that I can relate to. One of my most viewed videos in the past was related to that topic and it's about Filipino drinking. It's quite intense. I can say that the drinks are quite strong. I think I was spitting fire when I had tandoi. And today I am reacting to Philippine Walla1 Filipino drinking etiquette which one are you? I am very excited to watch this video. I already know that I will probably have a few points that I can relate to. Pretty much. If we will head into the video, please make sure to subscribe, hit the notification bell and check out my other channel Nelly's life. And without further ado, let's get into this video. Commonly drinking is a vital part of Filipino culture. From the smallest group in Pakistan, big town fiestas, Filipino just can't seem to get together without having a few drinks on the table. However, believe it or not, amidst the chaos, noise and age-old order, welcome to Philippines 101. And this is for the being drinking etiquette. The background opening of the book, the tangaro, also called the gunna and one of the distinctive characters of the drinking culture in the Philippines, is seen as an important role. Prior to the commencement of the festivities, a small portion of the intoxicating liquid is poured into the cap then subsequently emptied onto the ground. This ceremony is considered essential for a safe and double-three session. The tangaro pours into the sky, measuring the liquor by eye. The participants would give an individual glasses. This is in a cool place with a tradition of baguette, which means a show of trust, camaraderie and in these days a united willingness to enter in a COVID-Russian roulette as drinkers share a common glass cast in a raffle. This is something that I experienced in Shagal when we went island hopping and all of a sudden everybody was just sharing a glass and I just got so… I was kind of skeptical because we had some pandemic going on. So yeah, that was quite interesting to experience. In a COVID-Russian roulette, as drinkers share a common glass, past in a round-robin sequence. It is frowned upon to take a pass, but when a drinker was excessively intoxicated, a substitute within the group must consume the short and the drinker's glass. Oh my goodness! It is customary post-consumption to return the short glass to the centre of the table or handed directly to the tangaro. The tangaro? For the next drinker. The composition of every drinking session varies. However, it is important to familiarise oneself with these carriages has to be a way of the character's looks. The drunken master of the legend has to give him immunity from inebriation. Usually left with a task of cleaning up after all is said and done. The walking did. That's because he just built a state of unconscious. This white consuming, overwhelming amount of alcohol is commendable and allows it to continue to engage in the group. It's made half dead state. The escape artist capable of sudden disappearances, it leaves unnoticed bringing with it its share of the building. The will. The usual catalysts of trouble. It turns aggro and overconfident with every shot. Oh my goodness. Concert queen or king? Yes! It's frustrated, girl. This creature, bogati karaoke machine, in its quest for validation. The sleeping beauty, with its long story and throughout. This creature lacks the ability to stay conscious, with its introduction in its bloodstream. Okay, the sleeping beauty. I have seen so many pictures from my friends taking pictures and posing with the sleeping beauty. At the end of the night where everybody is just kind of like, you know, posing with the sleeping beauty. Because it is a mobilized early on in the session. The sleeping beauty is the primary target for embarrassing photos and unwarranted facial doodles. The runner. One task with the acquisition of logistics of essential supplies to perpetuate the drinking session, such as ice and booze. What? One of the things of the runner is that it is able to choose the food at life. It is essential to buy the food along with the alcohol. You see, for Filipinos, no drinking session is complete without the accompaniment of the food. Yes! So I was waiting for that. We see an fatty variety. This is called boluta. Boluta. It comes from the Filipino word bolu meaning tupeca. Now, it is acceptable for drinkers to grab small bites in between shots. This is to remove the bitterness from the alcohol as well as prolong intoxication as the food is hoped to slow down the alcohol from entering the blood. In German, it is called a guire untalage, which is a good base. It is unacceptable, however, to consume the boluta with rice as it is meant to be shared and not to be horded and treated like a meal. In the event of grease or fat is unavailable in expensive nuts and chips, unusual, enjoyable alternatives, including some bone out of creative ingredients like tuna and cow sugar combo. That might be delicious, actually. It is not good, it is not good. It is not good. How about a drink? Is it ok? A! A! A! A! A! A! A! A! A! A! A! A! A! C! A! A! A! A! A! A! A! A! Possibly everyone's self from being violated with a sharp piece of metal designed to break up eyes So good I hope there is another part of this because there's so much about the culture the etiquette of drinking and the Philippines I personally have been part of this pleasure many many times because you know sometimes when you meet people It involves a lot of sunny-gill red horse or tandoise so you can't say no of course You have to be part of the fun and luckily I have a very strong background Family being we're acquainted with this kind of culture in Bosnia we can take a lot so I don't know which person I am of the ones but definitely the one that's you know strong throughout the night Just have to make sure I stay hydrated That's it guys if you enjoyed this video definitely give it a thumbs up I have another channel called nellyslap we are blog about my life and I've been living in the Philippines for three and a half years Documented a lot and I'm going to publish even more bring some joy and happiness to you guys So I don't know if you want to see a little bit of my background behind the stage behind the scenes content Please follow me on Instagram. It's nellyslap underline underline And I'll see you on the next video here all What's in Philippines? Wow, I need a coffee