 Tanthe Shrimp Shrimp Beep ShrimpBill Shrimp Shrimp ShrimpSeven Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrim就可以 Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Bimbap Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Shrimp Jin Gang I'm going to make a little bit of a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. OK, good morning. Another day, another dollar to spend. I'm trying to get this wall finished. So, Jessens gone and joined them to go a bit faster. OK, Jessens gone. OK, Jessens gone. OK, Jessens gone. Let's stay here until they finish. OK, I brought this powerful vacuum cleaner from home. So, it's time to remove all the tap work and everything and do a good clean up. So, we'll start with a small room. Let's do that. OK, I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. OK, I can't really afford those 30,000 pieces of compressor and a Mickey Mouse spray paint gun. So, about this in the side up, I put a price on the screen and I've done some tests with water. It doesn't look too bad. So, this is going to be good enough to put solignum on the American. And then probably to put a bit of a varnish on one side because American, you want to do that with a brush, definitely not. So, that's why I bought this thing. It's much more expensive than a compressor and a kind of a lighter. But I think they would do the job. So, we'll see how we go. Robert, my friend, I guess what? He brought me this. That's beautiful. Wish that I had a long time ago. But that's excellent. Excellent. And then when we finish the house, we just bring a little bit full of that up there where he's going to build his house. And this is great. And it's got a different stage. You can put that here or here or here or here. And we're going to use that because we still have a lot of work here to do. Excellent. Jason, you like it? I like it. Yeah, me too. Excellent. Okay. Thank you so much. Well, I don't know how to... I'm sorry, I haven't got a fridge yet. All the work will have a drink and celebrate. And as soon as that thing arrives, we'll use it. That's excellent. That's a good stuff. I mean, we call the scaffolding wheels, I don't know. I never use that thing in my whole life. Excellent. It's happy. Look at this. So much better. I'm going to use this. So much better. The kitchen will be ready for painting soon. Okay, the wall almost finished. Then we have to do the post. Okay, that's it for the day. Set you in front of the day tomorrow. Good morning. Another day, another dollar to spend. North cement, premium Portland. Can't wait to finish this cardboard. At least the concrete part of it. Okay, start the painting here. Excellent. First coat, flat white. The wall itself is done. Now I have to do the post, concrete post. Okay. Turn them like that. It is perfectly. That's the one I picked up the five my car and then this is inside what you get not all very good but anyway this was nice yeah I should have known look at this one beautiful look at those one we cut in some bits and pieces to install some of the amacan there's a bit of a run coming up okay all those amacan I've been so numb and after installation we will apply a plastic vanish this one here natural color yeah put it on one side sir knows Gate is as a now ll ah because the making First window painted chocolate, I would do some with the doors. As I said before walls are finished but they are doing the post from work. bfff Understood? You sure? Yup. Keep it in her. Ready? Ready, going? Hmm? Okay, that's it for today guys. A good morning, another day, another dollar. Sticking shape with a bit of a gold and a macaroon. Of course we have to add some bamboo pieces over it. We will be printing all the framework windows, chocolate color. I get a bit of color for you to see. This kind of color. And I think it's looking good. Yeah, I gave up vanishing this timber. It was a nice color, but there's imperfection all over the place. So it's not going to look good if we just finish it. Here too, every way. So we decide just to paint. Brown. We already put the primer. Really expensive primer, cost 900 pesos. By this primer you can use any paint after that on top, especially for timber. So let's do that. I'm going to actually paint the doors. Spend the doors and we get all that paint as well. All the germs and install those back again. Let's do it. Start getting hot. It's a new house just being built up there. As well so quick, I don't know. This is quite a bit. One side is done. Talk about the primer. Here's the other side. Let it dry before putting my hand in there. So let's go and have a look at that wall outside. Still badly with that foam work. So I've sent Jason to see what's happening and how you can do a bit faster than that. Yeah, beautiful day. Skinny hot, I admit. Maybe the swimming pool here, but who knows. It's just a small one like this. There'll be just one meter deep. I'm taking seriously. Okay, the other side will be done last. And I think we can go and live inside at the end of October. It's just about. I'm not to show you what the 9mm ribber I crossed is for on that post, but I'll ask the question. Okay, we've got two ready now. Back in the holes, we're going to have on the wall to let the water escape. Well the concrete will be dry there, but haven't done it yet, but after they do that, they're going to concentrate on putting those holes along the walls. Honestly, that was in my budget. This is an extra. It does affect my things, but what it does affect is I need to limit the number of workers. I can rely on part of my pension. Anyway, it's so far it's not panic, but I need to be very, very careful. Okay, I just got a message from Robert is bringing some food. So we just put the table on position here and wait for him now. That's nice. So let's wait. Somewhat is so pros here and brought us some food. Good man and only food but also wine. Let's enjoy it. Sorry guys, we're busy now. Chocolate. Well, as usual, that's a big round. It's raining hips. We got those peeps. I can't see anyone coming through. What a job. I don't know. Yeah, the rain was so bad we had to send the boys home. Unfortunately, so tomorrow we probably filled those formwork. It's too to be done there. So see how we go next week or tomorrow. Sorry. We see how we go tomorrow. In the middle we've been panty all the framework. All the door jam, window jam. Tomorrow we start panting the doors. Yeah, a lot of rain today but it's okay now. Anyway guys, I think that's it for today. That's it for this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next video. Take care. God bless. Bye bye. Bye.