 Hi guys, thank you for joining our channel, another video about the house built. You know, we have a lot of difficulty finding workers. So let's see if we could have any help this time around. And are we going to use that thickness planner? Let's have a look. So don't go away. Enjoy! I'm back here on the house built. I'm still by myself as we speak, but I'm going to talk to my men, engine men, later on and see if we can get some people to start a Monday. Today, Saturday, I've been sick all week from last Monday. Monday to today, I still feel no hundred percent, but I felt I had to come back a car west any more time. I had a bronchitis, but I'm feeling much better now. So I'm going to finish polishing all my timber here, behind me, and put some lignum to all of it as much as I can just to make sure everything, you know, the timber stay good and doesn't rot or anything or doesn't get attacked by ants, whatever you so that's the main thing I need to do in the next few days. There's maybe all the things too, it's going to happen, but we'll see as we go through this video. So anyway, let's go and get into it. I'm starting with Isabella Bedroom Flo. So what I've done, I've divided the floor into pieces. I know some people ask me to stage the floor and blah, blah, blah. It's too much work for me. I haven't got time for that. Forget it. So it's going to be just a whole length for Isabella Bedroom and a whole length for our bedroom, and that's it. No stagering at all. And I'm happy with that. So, the main thing is polish everything, solid numb, and then when everything is ready, I will bring the machine here, the thickness planner machine here and make sure that all the timbers got the same height and they will make life so much easier. So I give myself two weeks to finish all the floor. Let's see if I can do that. If I get help, maybe quicker. Let's go. Okay, I would like to clarify a few things. People say, oh Joe doesn't listen to the suggestion of professional people, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. He's a stubborn guy. He doesn't want to listen. It's far from the truth. It's not true. It's not true, guys. It's not true. I've got a very small budget to build this house, right? And if you people want me to build the house, or if I had to build the house to US standard, this house would probably cost me a million pesos. And I don't have a million pesos. I don't have it. So it's interesting because at the beginning with with GM, we thought, okay, we just build a bahekubo for now. So, bahekubo, it's a bamboo floor. Okay. And I got a very small budget. Everybody knows that. And people just come and throw me things like you have to put plywood onto the floor. Otherwise, a big mistake. Blah, blah, blah. I visit the house. We had a party. And that house was four years old. The boats that month are fitted like this. I don't know the size of the nails or whatever, but I know that my in-laws floor is seven years old. The nails are smaller. I've been told the team underneath is only two by two. Look at the size of my joist. Yep. Quite huge. And I've got number five nails all across. You know, just let me do that way. I mean, this is my budget. It's taking a long time. So what? This is my money. You know, pay my, my lease at the moment. Are you? So, you know, some of you just, oh, you wasting a lot of money. They don't know the whole story. I mean, it suits me. That doesn't take, I don't do it very short time because I haven't got the money actually. So I need to wait for my pension to come in sometimes. So I can buy things. Okay. So, it's all worked out for me, guys. It's all worked out for me. So I just let you know. And in the future, I'm not going to answer a lot of comments that I don't feel they're really necessary or they've been nice. Or, you know, I don't feel all blushed to answer. I'm not going to do that. I just put a heart to say that I've read it. Thank you for commenting, which is good for my channel. That's why I give you a heart. If I find it's good, I just put a thumbs up. If it's nasty, there's no thumbs up, of course. And I will have to simplify it because I'm getting more and more comments very hard for me to go through and answer to everybody just impossible. So I'm happy to clarify all this. If it takes another three months to finish, as long as finished before Christmas, I'm happy. I'm happy. So don't worry for me. Don't bother for me. You know, it's the way that it's taking place. I'm happy. So who cares? Why does it bother you? Honestly. Why? So anyway, let's go back to work. Okay. I'd like probably to expand to you what I'm going about about this timber. I show you what it looks like now. See that's a typical timber hasn't been touched yet. So what I'm trying to do is polish one side, which I just done, and then polish the other side. And now I can see which one's going to be the side that I'm going to use. I'm going to walk on, yes. So I think it's going to be this one here maybe, maybe not because this is not a very good timber. Most of them are probably much better than that. Look at this one here. It's got very constant cuttings so marked. So this is nice. This is just polish one side here. And then the other side will be... So let's imagine I use this side. Then once it's all done, see this side will go through the thickness planner because it's much too rough and this side will be just polish. I need to polish maybe a little bit more. Yeah, it's too deep here. So but of course there will be a selection of timber. I will put the best one right in the middle and the rough one on the edge of the bedroom for instance. So this is what I'm trying to do. And then once I finish that, I will put solignum just every way. But also I need to look at the side here. Obviously this one here that's not going to show up. That will have to show down I think. Yeah, it's going to have to. So this is going to be the size up definitely. So I need to polish a bit more there. So we're going to do that. And then once I've done that for all the timber, I just solignum. So I'm going to do all the, this is a small bedroom here, all the timber ready already. So let's polish clean up solignum and then we're going to our bedroom. Our bedroom is much bigger because it's got a study there. Yeah, it's got the studies. That's why we did a bigger, big study with computer PC, my YouTube office. So that's why. Okay, let's do that. Fuck, run out. Run out guys, run out. Zamila came here for nothing. Last time they were stopped for half hour. I think what they do is they have to do one connection or something. This is weird. I will wait a little bit. I will wait half hour or something. If that I must go home. I mean, I can be a so keen. Okay, now I'm sitting here waiting for the lights to come on. That's telling me that the brunette has been, that the power has been restored. I don't know how long I'm going to have to wait. I mean, this could be just 20 minutes to do a connection, a house connection somewhere on the line. Or it could be a big job all day. I don't know. I didn't have any notification. Please be off. I can't do much else. Maybe I started installing the, now I want to put a bit of a bonding on the joist, just under every joist. And I didn't bring with me so what else could I do that done its power? Yeah, I must have installed the poach entrance. Why not? Let's start doing that. Oh, maybe I cannot because I didn't bring my hammer. All I've done is bring the, the polisher and that's it because all I wanted to do is polish all the timber and and select them. Fuck. Yeah, I forgot there's a blackout to the Saturday. So I'm not going to stay long here. What I'm planning to do is select them all this timber here that wasn't done. And that's it and then go home. Know the choice. Yeah, I'm getting all this timber has been already silicum. Just put under the house to be away from the rent. It's all dry and nice. So yeah, I've got two big lengths here. 35 foot by 10 inch wide to them and I've got a bit some pieces under the house as well. I'm going to put this to good use for sure. Maybe I could do one wall somewhere. We'll see. In time let them dry and hopefully on Monday we'll put solignum. Oh, that's it for today. I'm going to keep an eye on what the neighbors do and then just go home. No power. So it's not much I can do now. I just got all my timber. Stole nicely there. I went from the ramp and all ready to be polished and silicum. Anyway, let's go home. It's not powered home so I'm not looking forward but maybe we go to pool or somewhere cool. Okay, another day at the build and most is going to be polishing and cleaning and solignum. That's the main thing. I like something else come up but otherwise that's probably what's going to happen. So let's get into it. Okay, I'm going to start installing the timber on the poor chantrons. The first thing I've done is those things here with a left over from the roof and I got here number three nails which are punched through. What I'll do is just put it like this and I got another one here put it here and then you can move the timber against the nail. Okay and so forth. First of all, the important thing is to have the first floor done properly square. So what I've done just very easily. I just took anything here. I haven't got my measuring tip. I forgot at home but that's the position here and then here. So that's pretty good and I've got this line string, which is a fishing string, to line up my board all the way and leave some space on the other side for the other floor board or subfloor if I've got to put one. And that's it. So let's start with the first one and we'll see how we go. I'll lay around obviously. I'm going to cut all the bits like this around here and so forth. So the main thing is that here you can see it's overlapping and that's important so the water can run through and then with the gap here and put it in the water will run through as well. So I'm going to nail the first one here guys. So I managed to put one nail here. That's all in good position and then one nail here. Now maybe I want to make sure that this timber is straight. If not, you see what's going to happen here it's touching and here's a bigger gap. So I need to overcome that. Okay now I've got one nails on each end here and here. I just put a a line string here and then I can see where I have to line up my timber. So I need to push little bit this way and that should be okay. Once the first one is nicely aligned, there we can align all the rest with that. That should be fine. Let's do that. First time's done. Now let's put my spacer at one. Let's see how you go. I probably have to push this down or maybe I have to turn the timber around. Okay that's okay here. See I haven't hammered this one down yet because I got this on the way so I need to do that. Once I stir the top of it, I can hammer that down. One thing is this. So the gap is okay. Here the gap is a little bit bigger but that's okay baby. Maybe because the timber is a little bit not really straight here. That's why it is. So I'm not going to bother about this. I mean I could turn around but it's okay. One thing I'm doing is that I hammered the nail head well below the surface of the timber. If it's not enough I'm going to get a little punch or something. I will make up something with ribo to top them in a little bit further but I think it should be okay. I mean this area most people are going to go and maybe walk you with shoes. If it's a little bit rough it's good. This is anti-slipery exxon. One more nail at there. Okay, it's taking shape. About 28 to go. That's okay. Okay, I'm stopping building the push and trans floor because my man worker, Angel one, came to see me just now. So there's two people coming tomorrow. We're going to get those timbers through the machine to the thickness planner. It takes too long to polish them so just putting through the machine. And one of them is a gong-gong cousin. Apparently he's a carpenter so he'll be installing all the timber floor. And in the meantime what I will do I'll be purchasing and bringing whatever material we need to start doing the walls. So all good guys, good news. So that's all I want it. so