 Hi, I'm here to get some lovely Filipino food. I thought so, okay? I can't remember where. I was at a railroads and they recommended here actually to me. What's your name again? Dylan. Dylan, Dylan, Dylan. Of course, you're a whiff and over customer. I'm a customer, guys, so obviously they've got the right thing. But look, we're here in oil. This is luckily inside. It's a lot bigger from what I expected it to be. There's less lights around the place and stuff too. I'm actually pleasantly surprised because there's not many fooders out there online. But sure, we'll let them speak to you in our customer. We'll look at the menu and stuff. And then we'll see what sort of lovely Filipino food we can get here. Yeah, should be good. Hi there. Nice to meet you. My name is Dylan, you're June, did you say? June, that's a nice name. Yes, we're in May and we're meeting June, guys. But yeah, I was recommended here by Rela, Surrey and Leslie to come here to give it a go. To try some of the Filipino stuff that you've got on offer and stuff like that. But 90% of the work is lying and we're studying. Our students are really okay. So, all in two of them. Right, right, okay. So I'll probably sit here or something down there. Yeah, so each day, Saturday because it's holiday, today, you know. Yeah, it's a good for our day to come. Like, yeah, and today I normally won't get tired of Filipino food, but... Just a Filipino food. If they've not had the usual stuff like that, or anything like that. The prayer of you will have this napalto. Or we have the beef selfie gown on the burgers. What would you recommend the most? Like, what's your favorite personally? I know a girl probably good, but like... I love this kind of big gown. Actually, it's something that people are spying on to shape and see. Oh, so it's a fusion with like, Spanish and stuff as well though. Okay, okay. I'll start off with that then. And you do have like a bakery stuff, don't you? Yeah, like, since it's a bank holiday, you know. Oh, really? There's just not as much. And do you still have hollow hollow? Yeah, I have a hollow. Oh good. Thank you. And this guy's just like, what's the main thing I came for? Like, a main hollow. We've seen, you know, about garlic fried rice with some big hour and some pork grill. Oh, okay. It's a bit of a bit of a style, you know. It's so unskilled. It looks good. I would have been looking better once it's right in front of me for a moment, let's see. Yeah, I would have known. What about some ribs? Could be the style as well? Why not? Okay. I'm going to go for it. Thank you so much, June. Right, guys. So, we've got the hollow hollow. And we're getting some Filipino ribs. And the other thing, the beef salpicao. Beef salpicao. It's a new dish. I've never tried that one. I've never tried hollow hollow too. But look, we'll get stuff done and get prepared for this lovely food. I should have called them a thumps to apparently surprise them there. But I want them to be natural in the morning. But the day this is fun, I think. You know, we've decided to open it. It's a day for this. It's like a small mass of fashion. It's a student-style. Student-style. Yeah. It's the same as rare. That is actually because, like, it's just like somewhere where you wouldn't expect a restaurant like the day you came in. And the light snow is beautiful inside, really nice. It's just that it's a small holiday, so there's snowy evening today, so not much of the student. We had our dear, some students who are maybe here because they want to stay here even if there's no sleep. I am happy to have the whole class to myself. I'll get the best service time, you know, soon. Do you want any drink to start well? Well, it's really a separate order. You have a smoothie, you have a smoothie, you have a smoothie, you have a little drink. Oh, okay. What's the most Filipino thing that you have? There's the tropical, there's a mango pineapple and banana. We have the hollow hollow later on, anyway, I don't know if it's good. I can use the hollow hollow to, like, rehydrate before my journey home, but for now, to begin with, whatever you recommend, and then we let me know, okay? Alright, so having it in the oven. Thank you so much. See you soon. So we will definitely have a seat in my oven. I'm held by the lady. Amelda. Amelda, do you know Kafein? Amelda. What is it? Do you know Kafelin, I'm term-oper? Amelda. Do you not know them? No. I recommend the Medico de Rela's. What was the name again? Kafelin. She's like, my age and then her mom. What? What's the name of the mom? Amelda. Oh, just Kafelin. Yeah, I think I know them. I don't know. They don't need more. I mean, we're neighbors. We live in a place to stay here. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Amelda, everyone. Yeah. There. Okay. Thank you. I'm so, we're sat down. I asked Amelda to surprise me with the most Philippine drink that we can possibly try here. So, it'll be a surprise once it comes. We've got the big thing ordered, some ribs. What was it? How the hell are coming as well afterwards? So, yeah, let's see how it goes. And the people who are the same look as the drink will be like in all its Philippine glory. Hello. Hello. Thank you so much. I don't actually know what this one is. It's a tropical smoothie. Yeah. Okay, so it's got a mango. Mango, pineapple, the heart, and apple just that's it. You just don't know any sugar, and I've just left it for you. Please share it. Thank you so much for sharing. Patricia? Yes. I'm Bill. Thank you. Thank you so much for coming. So, guys, my name is Bill. I'm a Patricia. I'm a lovely smoothie here. So, I'll let you look at it like some closely. So, I think it's very fit actually. Oh, goodness it is. Wow, look at the bar. Like, it's like, I don't even know. Good thing the straws fit actually. But it's got a lot of, let's see. Mmm. Mmm. Okay, so it's like really, really sweet. But it's got a new heart of sugar. Patricia was saying. But it's really sweet because it's all from natural stuff. So, I can taste the banana. The banana isn't usually sweet, but then you've got the lime group. And then I think the pineapple really brings up most of the sweetness there. But good thing it's like soup big. It must be so much fruit and this. It's crazy. Mmm. Just what I sort of needed. After coming in and traveling here to be honest, there's an octopus with it. So, yes, a good thing to wet the appetite before trying my food. Which I can actually hear him from the background. Guys, so just while I'm waiting here, there is like a full menu here. And there's a lot of different types of things, like not just, not just Filipino, like what we're trying today. As you can see here, there's a lunch and dinner menu here. And that's served all day, it's saying. With a lot of things, I don't know, like classic curries. First the beef thing, they were getting actually, so everything's on this particular menu. And then there, get that done again and do the light for you guys. This seems to be our breakfast menu then, which is also served all day. It's like a cafe style place, like a cafe slash, I don't know, big, sort of thing, kind of like arpeggios, but we've been to. But yeah, it was plenty to choose from, so you could recomb here and just try lots of different things. So that's pretty cool. A lot of variety, so you don't just have to get a Filipino food whenever you're coming here. So I'm finding that, like, the common built these places, it's preparing me and preparing my paladol most for trying a bit different types of food, like almost getting me used to whenever I'm over there. And in case you guys haven't seen, from the over videos, I have booked my flight. I'm coming over on the 17th of August. I'm flying to Amsterdam, then to Abu Dhabi, then into Manila. And I'll be staying in Manila for, I haven't really climbed for a long time or anything, but from an elephant working my way south towards Talibal Pino. And after visiting there and seeing what fair else to offer, then I'll continue my way south by ferry and just whatever means of transport I come towards Ileul. Which is where my grand actually is. I'll be able to stay there around September time to experience like a Google flight and stuff for her birthday. So yeah, I've personally bought a lot of things and stuff to basically do once I'm there. But I just thought I'd let you know about in case you haven't known while we're reading on our food. Hello there. Thank you for reading. So nice to share something with you. Maybe something called a garden rice at Friday. Are your condiments here? Soisis and vinegar? Okay. So what's best? How does Isisis cook? Turn like this. It's a bit billet. Yeah. It's a little bit bigger in the Philippines. We have this kind of breakfast called in Tapa. Okay, okay. Yeah, it's a soon going beep. I just like to recall this. Pride steak here. We call it Pride steak. But the Pride marination in the Philippines. It's not like a dobo. No, no, it's not a dobo. But it's similar to this because of the pizza marination. It's just like this kind of dobo because this is the pork video. Wow, pork video. The pork video. So it looks similar to this one but it's going to taste different once I start the meat. It's like this. It's fried, okay. Flip the knife. It seems like a jolly meat. It's a bit of a mince. I think but it was like 12 or 10 years ago. So that's the famous burger steak. Okay, okay. That's so good. It's made by my sister's time. That's nice. It's a bit of a pan-rise. It's just so cool. I don't know. It's there. I remember it. We also serve that with rice or chips or bad dessert, the banana rice. But this time we'll serve it on its own for you because you have to do something. I'm going to love to get free, guys. Oh my goodness. Wow. This is pasta. So the age. The age. The age. The age. And then we'll serve you the dessert later on. Okay. Unfortunately, we had the popular purple young kei but someone bought it. That whole thing. Okay. So I didn't have anything for you today but I have some. Oh. You just have to put it in the dessert. I'm going to get something. I'm going to get something. I'm going to give you a talk for what they already are. Yes, yes, yes. Okay. So begin. Enjoy. Thank you. Thank you, J. That's enough. Yes, I'm going to give you some. Okay. Enjoy. Thank you. You see this is just like that out, platter. What the sauce says is from here. So it doesn't fill the pain of it anymore. So I just keep you shuffling. Because you're looking more like a little bit good, right? Yes. I see. Okay. You're giving me a real experience. Yeah. Because as you know, 95% of players here are students. Yes. I put a twist on it to make it even. Wow, guys. All tired of that. And the restaurant is all yours now because it's one holiday. Yes. So yes, yeah. Thank you so much. Thank you. Oh my goodness, guys, look at this. Whoa. So we're going to have to try and like eat some of this around. Like make sure that obviously there's a couple of you in my therapist's eye with me. But we, it's not like what you're like, just a spoon. I think we're going to cut a wee bit of it. Yeah, it's a good idea. So let's see. Let's get this a go. We're going to try. I'm going to cut my egg here. So I'm going to cut my egg. I'm going to cut my egg. I'm going to eat it. Well, I'm cutting my egg. Oh, guys, look about it. And all the steam coming out of it and the egg mixing in with her eyes. I know you've got the saying over in the Philippines egg, sunny side up. And this is what this is, isn't it? So I believe that this is the sort of thing you could also have for breakfast while you're there. I don't like to do lots of things. But I'll get you set down. I'll get you tucked in and let you know what I'm swatering. Let you know what it tastes. It's like these ones for both the beef. This is the bit of sugar, sugar, isn't it? Or, yeah. Come on, remember, let's go. But we'll try it out here. Hold on. Get some egg on it. It's very warm. So, I'm really smoking. I've never heard about that before. It's like, it's a salty, smoky, but we've been at very late, like soy sauce or something. And amazing guys, such a nice flavor. Just while I'm eating that and looking at this, I can look at that. They have massive red fairway colors. I bet you only can, you guys, hungry here, but wow, look. Just like lovely barbecue smell too. And then this, this one was from something that they would also serve in Jollybee. So looking at that closely, I think I'm going to have a bite of this. So for the time being, I'm going to set this one here. I'm proud it's very hot still. I'm trying this one over here. So over here, I'll leave that rice in the pot. I'm going to put this a week cup. I think there's like crispy onion, so-called, with the tree. I'm like, mushroom, so it's got like a creamy sauce in it and everything. So wow. Okay. Very peppery. Mmm, that's just too warm. I think we're okay. Mmm. So you know what it's like? A tiny bit. A half-sea gravy or something is like what it's done in. And I wonder about something like Jollybee, then I don't really remember eating any gravy whenever I had Jollybee. I know that they've got like Jolly spaghetti and things, and that they do the fried chicken, which people like. But I'm actually not too familiar with this one, and I've never tried it. I know it's not actually, but it's not like I can compare it to or anything like that either. So, but it does get a thumbs up from me. I do really like this one. There's more people coming in or some people coming in to play store workers. And yeah, that's some stuff to come here. So I think only the next thing does. So this one, but looks similar. I might just try them up a bit of this before trying to guess so that I can like tell the difference between the flavors. I'm like, describe what the difference maybe is. So yeah, that one's like quite sweet barbecue cue. And like a salty, possible bit of soy soup. I'm going to be sure I put a bit of that so on my own. So this is it, of course. It does look kind of similar to the other one. But I haven't broken the egg or anything yet. So I'll grab a bit of that. And let's see what the initial differences are. So it's sweeter. That's a lot sweeter actually. But not a lot, but maybe not an attempt or something more sweeter. And it's like not humming, humming liver too. So like it is, but it's like barbecue. And that's like barbecue, honey almost. And I think that's the difference. Moving on then. If I try a bit of this one, let's see how I can tap a bit. I'm going to like tap a bit. So I'm going to get it set down. And of course, we've got to try dipping some of the stuff into these sauces. So that's like the vinegar sauces, I think, with a bit of like, actually don't know what that is. And then, that one's not like soy. Possibly got calamansi soy in it. I don't know. They both look the same, but they smell different. But they'll try different things as we're dipping them in. I'll try not to get the soup from it. I'm sure this might drip. But I look a bit monster-sized about like. It's just like crazy. So I still rip it. Okay. There is a bit of ripp. It's very tender. It's like falling there. I thought it's definitely just falling. If I try not to like get it over myself. And off the boomer. So really a lot of barbecue on this. I can already smell it, let's see. Okay. Yeah. So it's very, very similar to the traditional barbecue sort of rest that I tried before. But for something different there, but I can't quite get my finger on. But like I mean it tastes lovely, like it really does. I'm not sure what my favorite thing is so far. I think I've never seen this before. I think it's really good. I think it's really good. I think it's really good. I think it's really good. I think it's so far. I think it's the burger with the like gravy sauce which I've actually got hidden away from the moment. But I need to like tackle all this pretty much. So I'll leave you guys with me. I'll keep it running. Okay. Something interesting happens. But I think from now I'm going to try to get stuck in. And then see what we can do. And we can do just tackling all of this food. With my milkshake. I don't know if it's moving in the middle of it. I have that. I'll put the intro today. I'll put the intro today. And you can see any burger for us. Oh. What are you holding for us? Suit. Suit. Just suit whenever there's a little bit. There's really two different things to try. Like it working suit. But yeah. You're on the diet. Okay. I'll try my fillet food. For getting suit food, I mean you should do more than suit. Come in here I think. Whenever all this is on the author and the cheese from Chris it. Yeah. Yeah. Really like this one. The grid is really good. It's a great pepper and things. Good if you meet into this dip. And see how they compare. I don't know which one's meant to go with which. But I'm sure it doesn't really matter. Like this one. Okay. I think that's the soy. Yeah. I think that's the soy definitely. And then that one's got more vinegar. And it was with possible bit of soy in it. But not much vinegar. Let's see. It's nice with the sweetness actually. Whenever I try to make a dough. Which this is maybe like it's not going to be the same. But it's kind of part of the same family. But by being cooked in any vinegar. Hmm. We'll try the calamity soy one. A bit of this. There we are. A bit of dip then. I think. You don't have a bit of rice in that. Yeah. You need rice to kind of balance the dough. You do it. You can spread the pepper. Wow. Oh, but guys, look what's happening. Okay. I'm not a room. But. Yes. That's right. It's going to be an inspiration. Whoa. So this is your center bell. It's a meringue with appropriate cashews. And it. So it's very popular as well. Oh, the corn. Is that a syrup? Oh. It's like a mix. It's a mix of. There's some ingredients happening at the market. And there's more. So sweet. If you want it more sweeter. You can add some more sugar. Okay. It's sweet. It's not like you put the cheese on it. Yeah. Okay. Okay. You have to put the cheese. We've decided to add cheese on top. Okay. You have to mix it like you have to. Just mix it together. Okay. The way the cheese has been. The way the cheese is. I keep on getting the next stop. Which one is my chicken? So that's the best selfie count. It's so big. This is my birthday. I like the grid. They don't bother to mess with my simpapras. Yes, it's a background. Okay, so do you want me to put it there on that side there or your can here? I'll move it around because I'm suffering from it. You enjoy it. Thank you for watching all those years. Guys, look at this hollow wall. I've never tried this before so I don't know what that card meant to be done. I'm not sure if it always has cheese on it, but let's get it to go and try it. I'll leave it here. I think I like to save it and then eat some of this stuff first. So I'll probably see you on some of the closer to eating all of this. Guys, just getting tucked into this more. I'm like, it's so sweet. I can use you to eat it. It's so sweet. It's so shiny and everything. It's like it's been brushed with lots of like layers as it's been cooking almost. It's not just on the outside, it's like on the inside too. It's like penetrated to the meat almost so that every sort of bite is like squishy. I'm going to be a two and a two. Really nice look. I do like that. I think I will be eating a lot of this. I'll just do one of our own firmament here. Yeah, look at that. It's so happy to help this smoothie in between everything. I have to give this a try. I've broken it over. I'll keep the O.A. for this one. I know it. I'm going to be a little bit of rice. I'm going to transfer over to the meat actually. It's incentive to do that with the last one. It's got nice and good sharp bits here. I'll probably come see it's about to fall apart. Next time I'm going to be a rice. Into my mouth hopefully, if I could follow it. Maybe up there, up the vinegar. About to get the spoon in. Just a bit of it. I'm absolutely faced. I think I'm about a third of the way through. There it is and all it's glory everywhere. We've still got the lovely hallu hallu to have. I'm going to try not to let the meat pop. Actually. But yes, too far, so good. Really into it myself. I can't give it for this great thing. It's just too capyre and lovely. Look at it. It's beautiful. I'm not for a good stuff. There's more people coming. Pick them up. You can see right? Alright, basically. Put the O.A. in for. Oh, there you go. Keep the track. Even 16. Keep my track. Keep them 16. Keep my track. Keep them 16. Okay, now it's the kind of melting we boo boo boo. So I need to like, maybe move onto this. Like, eat it and make it sit before everything. Like, I'm out of sympathy and do itself. So I'm gonna get another spoon. I'll let you guys see this like a long closer and everything. Get it over for my heating pleasures. It looks like it's called jelly in it. I think that's jelly. And Vampers Ice Cream. I knew that they've already talked for everything. And Vampers like this. I don't know what that is. We'll have to try that out. It's sweet anyway. And then I think that like, Vat's stuff is ube isn't it? Is it? Like, I'm not 100% Vampers like mango in it. This stick thing that we can also use to kind of mix it a wee bit. And then I think there's actually like, that's cornflakes and stuff too. And then there's like, Vat with the jelly. It doesn't look like the jelly, but this stuff. I'm not actually sure what Vat is. Let's see what it is. Yeah, so don't know what Vat is, but it's like, it's not jelly, but... It's like jelly, but it's not completely the same, if you know what I mean. Well, let's try it if what looks like jelly to see. No Vaphing. It's like jelly. It's very slippery. Whoa. Yeah. No Vap staff in me, jelly. If you ever think that's not 100% what it is. It's like a big, tall move, Stem and it's got a different consistency. But we'll give this a mix and we'll see what we can do. It looks like it will follow the bubble if you know what I mean. I'll say mixing it. But I'm very interested to see what it's actually going to be like. Okay guys, so I've got my spoon. This is probably going to go everywhere, but we'll do our best. Okay, there's ice in the bottom of the pot too. I'm saying. And then maybe there's a little bit of the uber thing on it's own. Let's see. It's called like mmmm. See that? So it's very sugary. It's very fresh. And when that's the mango one it's in right. Let's try and... There's no way I can do this if you know what I mean by getting it everywhere I don't think so. So it's started while we're starting. We'll get a bit of vest to see what it's like. Okay, I'm not sure what that is. Let me know in the comments. But it's like caramel looking or something, but we'll see. Okay, yep. It's very caramel. It's like a chocolate fudge sort of flavor. It's very squishy and everything. So everything that I've tried out at this test is good at the moment. So when I put some mix together I think... I don't know about the cheese but with everything else. We'll try a bit of the cheese with the ice cream. Okay. No, that's actually quite nice. I'll let you see my face. But it's actually quite nice. It's like the saltiness of the cheese mixes and sweetness of everything. I suppose it's like having salted caramel, isn't it? That's what we actually do over here already. So whenever you mix it up, it just works. Actually, so I'm a bit surprised if that, but after faking about it, I'm not sure if that's better, but it also mixes with salt and sweet. I suppose I'm not surprised every more, but yeah, it's good. Right, let's try and get this a proper mix. Now, I'll actually use this pleated Pepsi. Get her on, please. Now we can have spillage. If I'm worrying too much, we'll get my ice crushed and everything. Okay. Ooh, there's more stuff underneath. It looks like strawberry flavor. And then, oh, wow, it just looks so good. I can imagine if you're in a hot country or something, especially obviously that's why it's made to you. But it's just the nicest thing to kind of cool you down at the same time. There's this. There's a bit of cheese and stuff on that. It's dripping, oops, I'll try it. Okay, I've tried these before. It's not mixed with everything else, no other flavors. It's nuts, like you wouldn't think that all this would go together. And just if all the blend of it would work, but it does. It's like overfilling, so I need to get this. It's something lovely. Spray some mango. Look at it coming out with like, I think what's that? Blueberries or something? Oh my goodness. Mine, cool. I think it's blueberry. And then some offer jelly. I think I'm not 100% what it is. Well, I really like this guy. Let's see. No, it is blueberry. It just got that like after taste of blueberry. So I think I'm gonna get another one of them. I'm gonna spoon along with a bit of mango. Just quite difficult whenever I'm so much to get it, if you know what I mean. I think we'll have to ditch the mango for that particular bite guys. And then just do this, let's see. The blueberry is like, it's like jelly blueberry. It's like the jelly's gotten inside it, but it's still like a ball, if you know what I mean. The ball, if you know what I mean. The class, there's this thing over here. Well, you're over. And we'll have an inspection of it. But look at that. Like, it's got, what is, but like not serve something on top of it. Yeah, there's like not serve something on top of it. I think it's like, it might be, it might be peanut. I'm not 100% sure. We'll have to say, let's hold on. I think we're gonna grab another spoon here to cut into it. Also, it's soft, it's actually soft, I didn't know if it was gonna be crispier or not. But you can see it's actually like, got a softness to it. So it's like a, like a cake almost, let's see. I'll try to, I'm gonna let you know. Oh, I don't wanna drop it or anything. It's just like creamy. And right with the nuts, it reminds me of like whenever you got ice cream and then you get bent on top of it, like the chopped ones. And then underneath, I don't know what it is. It's not like a nugget, but it looks kind of like it'll let you say it again. I think it would be nice with like, actually nice end with some of the ice cream. So we'll try it like that. You know, since everything's getting mixed in here, we'll be able to draw a trick. And Gruntov gets some of the shit over. Put it in. We'll just mix it together. Grunt, this is well. Okay, great, thank you. Okay, you're welcome. I was about to see if you want coffee, but you were having with yours. I love it. The sound of your bomb is very nice with coffee, but you have your hat on, so no no no me. Yeah, too much liquid. And the, the, the, the, the, is French word. French word. Sounds right well. It's, it's sounds right well. Sorry for this, yeah. It's French, yeah. It's a French word, okay. So there is no Spanish word. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's actually that, it's Spanish, it's a French, French, so this one. Okay, so it's, it means that I'm rival. So it's like, I'm rivaled. So like the best, like they count to be that almost nothing can be that. I know, that's what. Well, how am I able to be that? More inact, yes, yes. Okay, so in fact. Shit, what is this? Whoops. Whoops, I need to be careful. Really picking up noise, which like lots of people coming in. It's the first Filipino people I've seen here. It's like a Filipino place. But yeah, it's picking up noise. I think I've been here maybe like, I don't know. 45 minutes, if eaten. But yeah, oh my goodness. Look at all the guys. I'm going to be able to pick them up. Like it. Look about, look about big bag guys. That's going to keep me going. So it is for the next, I don't know, like two days, I think. Over. Yeah. I know you. There you are. Yeah. So you're really going. Welcome. It's not like that. It's not like straightened up. But yeah, I tried it for the whole island. I've tried this at French. Where is it? It's made out of a lot of food. What? Sounds too bad. Sounds too bad. I've been on the ride. I was told earlier, I'm on the ride. I'm going to go to the French. I think so. Yeah. I've seen one of your, uh, in the Philippines store somewhere in the West. Is that not? Yes. I thought it was in the Netherlands. Oh, that's right. The same guy is here. So you've seen that one. It was actually in the Netherlands. A recommended to me. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You have a channel. We have a channel. We have a channel. We have a channel. We have a channel. We have a channel. We have a channel. We have a channel. We have a channel. So we met some time. You have a channel. There you go. There you go. Subscribe, pen, subscribe, check out the channel. Yes. I'm very happy to subscribe for your channel. Can I talk about your, uh, your name? Your name, your name? You know, your own channel name? Ah, yeah. It's still on the floor. Yeah. You have a, yeah. You're already, but yeah. What was your phone name? Sorry? What was your channel called? It's a two-grain, you know, we are a family. Okay. But, um, my friends, they call me, those, uh, um, no mean, they call me, wah, hard to get, especially the beauty of us. Yeah? Sure. But, uh, you can go to your channel as well. Yeah. Yeah. Listen to what your phone, whenever you can do it. Yeah. I shall. I shall. Mm-hmm. Just talking straight out of the book. I need to get some of the liquid, don't I think. You're sweet corn in this. I did not expect that. There's more and more, and more of them getting fruit. Like, where's the bottom? It looks like there isn't anything. And then you just do that. I'm going to remember some more. Yes, sweet corn. Sweet corn in a dessert. Like, as it was, it does have the word sweet and it like, but yeah. I wouldn't have expected that. Okay. Yeah. Thank you so much. I came to say goodbye and stuff like that. I've got all my lovely food with me and everything, so. That's very good. Yeah, Patricia, it was great. Yeah, yeah, it is. I'm not good at body enjoyment. Yeah. I'm pretty good, yes. I've got my lovely food to take home with me. My meal was lovely. Okay. Like, very, very nice. Thank you for coming today. Yes, yes. I expected. Yeah, I know. I know. I'm sorry for surprising you like that. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. It was a surprise. I'll give it a try. Ok. A nice surprise, but, eh, yeah. A nice surprise anyway. A nice surprise I told you. Yeah, it was so beautiful. I'm definitely a lot. You give it a try? Eh, nearly? It's just ice pretty much. It's delicious. Yeah. It's delicious. It's delicious. But, before I go, because I'm going, I'm just not thinking. Oh right. Oh, well, you're focused. Oh okay. I come back before that at some point in my life. I mean, we're not here today, but we do all this Thursday. We are in all. Yeah, we're going back. Really, really, so you're going back here. It's a bit more, I mean, I think, you know, you're blocked to go here like 50% So you're evangelized, so if I came up like there, I'm going to do it Probably something like that. How do they still be here? Maybe come here in the middle of the week because we usually do bread swells Oh, I can try not to do that. Yeah, the bread and the bread are definitely not help. So it's for you, the properly up thick. Boss, I'm not going to do it. I know, I know. Jin's busy away from here. Tell us your next goodbye too, bro. Yes, yes, I will. Thank you for talking to me. I hope to see you again. Well guys, like, subscribe, I hope you enjoyed that video. But goodbye from Pachamil on Melda. I'm lovely for us 29. I expect it to be a lot of fun to enjoy your day. Alright guys, bye.