roadscaster
and we're going to react to 5 reasons why Japanese anchor shouldn't come to the philippines
no
that's so deeds
is this japanese or...
Okay, she's Japanese, huh?
Okay
Why
I'm gonna talk about five reasons japanese people you should not come to the philippines let's go
Yeah, she's the person
About other people right we only focus on like school
Sometimes we don't care about other people. They need
We care about other people. I mean, yeah, we we sometimes care too much, right?
Uh, that's how typical japanese people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know what she's talking about
Actually
But in the philippines it's totally different the stuff is so cheerful like
What's your name? Where are you from? I like that. Yeah, I like that
And so friendly I was so surprised every time I go to the philippines I do like
Have a great day
I don't know. She's so positive
Okay, so she was shy yeah, yeah
Number two wait, that's not the reason why we shouldn't go to philippines
like
I think it's a we're not afraid to change our personality
Wasn't a joke
Okay. So yeah, it was a joke. Yeah, I didn't get that. So that was a joke
It's just for number two. Yeah, we'll see. Okay
Oh, I see
Winter except summer japanese weather is so cold. Sometimes you can
For real. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
That's nice
I love that. I don't like cold weather
Like heavy cut. I did not use it because it's so hot
I sweat a lot
You should bring like t-shirts not leave and you should bring towels too because you will be sweat so much
Every time I go back to japan, I feel like more cold
Yeah, it's cold. Yeah
Especially in winter. Yeah, especially in winter. Yeah
When I
When I go to japan
Easily in the baby
I actually know jollybee because in the comments like there are a lot of requests for jollybee commercial
Oh, yeah, yeah
Flavor for japanese. Oh, nice. I love that
Wait
Every time I go to the philippines, I really enjoy eating
Oh
Nice I like mango
And how much was it
Okay
Yeah
Yeah, sometimes sometimes sometimes
Yeah
Jollybee for sure
Yeah, I think so too
So
More that was so hard to spend one thousand pesos because everything is reasonable when I spend
I bought so many food
Satisfied when I spend
Nice candies
It's cost double or third prices in japan
That is last one you have too much fun in the philippines
So it was a joke
So we shouldn't go to
So it's like we shouldn't go to philippines because it's just too good
Every time I go to the philippines, I feel like I love philippines more and more first time
For language school
And then
She likes everything
I want to see more beautiful place in the philippines. I got sweet heart from philippino
I'm foreigner in the philippines, but the philippino is so kind for me too
So I feel like oh I want to stay here
So it's so dangerous
Why is that so dangerous
I think sevi is an island, right? Yeah, right
Nice
It's so addictive and you got so much fun in the philippines
That is my five reasons japanese you should not come to the philippines but
Firstly, I would like to thank you so much to the philippines
Filipino because every time I go to the philippines you guys so kind for me
Every time I upload the video you say I like this video and I really enjoy watching it
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for that
Yeah, yeah
We appreciate it
I hope so many japanese people come to the philippines but be careful. It's so nice place and so much fun
I'm funny to go to the philippines. Okay, if you have any recommendation
Yeah, I want to know too
Okay
so
That was yeah nice video
Yeah, nice video, but I thought the title is shouldn't be five reasons why japanese shouldn't come to the philippines
Yeah, it's too strong
I think it's like it's a click bite though. Yeah, it's click bite
It's it's a different, you know different, uh content
I mean, it's kind of same but you know
No
It's it's it's okay, it's okay. It's okay. What's okay? What's okay? I don't know. Um
I I don't think this is filming. No
Oh, yeah, it's good
Yeah
Thank you guys for watching this video. Yeah. Thank you so much. Thank you so much
Thank you guys for watching this video and also
Thank you guys for watching this video
Please subscribe to our channel and also hit the like button as well. And also please comment whatever you want to comment
Please comment. Okay. Yeah, we're on our way to go to philippines. Yeah
See you guys next time next time
