 But you're Friday. Differacious. Hello. Welcome. Sorry for the abrupt change of stuff. The main studio is... Welcome, punk. Yeah, it's in construction at the moment. It's just literally right there. This is the other studio, which is for movies and stuff like that, which we're working on at the moment. We'll launch, I think, next week. And then in this same place, you're going to get reviews for like Filipino movies, a Filipino series, K-Dramas. Then there's going to be each channel for different stuff. And obviously, that one's going to go to construction, so we have to use this for now. You weren't meant to see this, but whatever. But surprise. This isn't ready either, yet. But it's better than nothing. Well, it's better than the other one here. Yeah, the other one looks like shit. Whoa. But anyways, so one of the videos that we've been sent lately is obviously... We check out some of those videos. They go viral and there's a karaoke stuff and some of the world-class singing, but it's just like in someone's garage or shit or something like that. And mall singing is like, yeah. Now, very rarely, this is how intertwined this is with culture, because it's like, very rarely do you get prose, or arguably some of the best singers alive, doing this in restaurants or in someone's garage or in say in a man's sessions or whatever. And these are... I didn't know they were part of the Madrigal Singers, but you guys sent me this. But they're part of the Madrigal Singers. She's the soprano and he's a tenor. That's freaking wonderful. What do you mean? Yeah, yeah, their name is Mr. Sal Malaki and Miss Bianca Camille Lopez. And... So cool! Turns out after you have lunch or dinner or whatever the fuck, even if your kids are there and it's just a restaurant, you obviously pull out the karaoke. Of course. But when you sound like this, it's a piss-take, because... It's like a free concert. It's just on their phones. Yeah, look. They got in the background. They took off the music, the environmental music, so they can sing. I'm the girl in the background. The little girl. Bravo, man. Oh, that's absolutely stunning. And this is what those kids get exposed to. So they make things they share is normal and then it just carries on. The train just carries on going. It's ridiculous and I love how the little girl was trying to emulate the sound already from the beginning. They're completely honest. It is absolutely ridiculous. It is ridiculous. This is highest level of highest level. You're talking about some of the most well-trained classical vocalists that I have ever witnessed. And it's beautiful to see them in such a raw environment, because in this particular case, you're seeing a diaphragm that's compressed because of the eating that has already been done. Yeah, that doesn't work in the Philippines, bro. That's not a thing. Why is it like that? It doesn't work. No, no, no. It is a thing. It's not. It's not. I just think it's so mental. It is mental strength to pull out songs that are so vocally demanding after stuffing your face with people. To me, that's ridiculous. The math thing as well is like, that was technically it's like, yeah, math. But it's this. It's like, no one cares, bro. You do that in England. You're getting kicked off. Oh, definitely. They're going to kick you out. Everyone's actually enjoying the show. I don't know. That's always so mind blowing to me. Yeah. Oh, she's also incredible, though. Look at the little girl. They're such a pure love for singing. Oh. Oh. I never tried to understand the sound. Sir. You know we take away the time. Look at that posture. Almost doing the washing in the back. I am absolutely mesmerized. Look at people talking, walking by. No one would change monsters than a twelve-year-old? No one will be telling the truth. No one's after you. Don't want them to be inviting you. He's got such a beautiful voice. How do you find that voice? What the fuck when you're growing up kind of thing? I think it has to do a lot. How do you become general Gibbs? How do you become him? How do you become J.R.? What the fuck? I think it comes from early exposure to the styles. Because when you're so stylized on such an early age, it comes from a lot of exposure. Also, what sounds do you feel most comfortable replicating? Even if you're a late learner or a late bloomer when it comes to singing, just try to lean towards the things that are easier for you to replicate. There you're going to find your range. There you're going to find what you naturally feel easier to do. From there, you can mold into whatever. It's in that range, your natural range. It can be limiting, though, to a certain extent. If you don't keep practicing to break those boundaries after a long time, you become encapsulated in like, oh, I can only get to so and so. If you don't practice to get past that point, you become quite limited. I think for him, for example, I think those are years of training of that classical. I want to speak to one of them so badly, to one of my three go singers. Me too. I know some of them watch as well. Come on. You're welcome. You're welcome. Please. It will be such an enlightening conversation. I think also... So rich in so many ways, though, because it's not only like the classical training that comes with it. It's not just the regimented approach to it. To me, it's quite fascinating because the Philippines is such a culture of singing. I think this is what you're saying, it's sort of gradual exposure. You're starting to notice that more in places like the Philippines because there is a culture of singing. Therefore, everyone chooses songs in the karaoke. They choose things to sing, which they then they find out. That's kind of my range. That's not what I'm good at. But with this type of style... Yeah, what the fuck? Exposure is not enough. Exposure is not enough. Yeah, cademia behind that. You need at least some type of regimented, structured rehearsal process. Because in that space, you are mentally and physically putting yourself through a workout. That's the only way to train classical. I mean, it's to that beautiful, professional, clean finish. I'll give you some of the best things I've ever done. Yeah. I will give you a song that's always been changed for you. I'll get what my knees have all around. She's so overpowered. It's so easy to have... She's got such a beautiful lift. Look at the kid on the other side. The angels built my mind. The sun of my vision. The angels have my song. The one who I love so much that I've spent my time. Can we just have a moment for her kinesthetic process? She had a really good, interesting kinesthetic sign here. The way that she's literally touching the root of her tongue. And like the beginning of the mobile larynx, it's really subtle. And it's a brilliant way to actually showcase and physically feeling the shift and the change in your larynx. Because sometimes the adjustments that you're from a classical training background, the adjustments to create more resonance or maintain the connection and the grounding to the chest, are very subtle movements within the root of the tongue right here. And the beginning of the larynx, what people call the atoms apple in a man, it's quite prominent. Mine's called Steve Speech. What? My calls was a melody. Why Adam? I don't know, I don't understand. Is it just because they hold Adam and Eve? Yeah, it's a biblical reference. If you bite in your neck, anyways, go on. So the whole point is that the shift and the change is actually quite tiny. It's quite subtle. But if you use the tip of your fingers, even when you're talking, you'll feel certain things shift and change within it. And I never really thought of that until I saw it and it's quite a brilliant approach. The little girl. Oh. Oh. The light of an angel in castles. The light of an angel in castles. Wow, that breath controlling scene. The light of an angel in castles. My man. Here's the thing, there are live singing menace in the restaurants. If you have a restaurant in the Philippines, they will hum and sing the shit out of whatever song they have in that restaurant. Oh yeah, look. They do it all the time. He's incredible though. This time they brought a speaker. Oh, very good for her. Oh, that man. He's incredible. You basically witnessed him, bro. This guy's having his eggs and a beer or whatever. He's just straight up. He's just witnessing a concert at world class singer. And obviously you're going to take into consideration both. She's a normal, bro. No, it isn't a normal day, man. It's not. It's a blessing. It is, it truly is. But again, it's hard for me to detach the technicality aspect of it when it comes to this style of singing. Because for the female sopranos, of course there's a lot of academia behind to sound this incredible. You know, it would be funny. If they sort of tell us in the comments, someone like, oh, tons of, I sort of just learned to sing. I never went through academia. Because I probably like it. It is. It's a really probable. You look at other technical singers. You learned because his parents were involved in choral singing. But he never actually took any lessons. Lessons make academia like hears the singing lesson about someone so style. Yeah, I guess another sound technical singer would be like Mori said. And I guess her father obviously took her under the wing. Yeah. But it doesn't seem to be like, you sort of go to the school or you graduate from Berkeley or whatever. That's actually pretty insane. Well, there you have it. Let us know what you guys. They do that in every restaurant they go. Yeah, Bianca Lopez and Salma Laki. That's cool. Let us know what you guys thought about it. And if you've seen them life, I know a lot of you guys have. And also apologies for sort of the abrupt change and stuff for that. I don't know how this is going to sound. This is the first test we ever do. Yeah, correct. Bear with us. I hope this is all right to watch. And let us know what we should watch next. And goodbye. Goodbye.