 I just had to swallow like a big chunk here. Hey guys, welcome to What's Up with the B-B-E-S! Today we're going to react to the video, a frontliners sacrifice from PNG. We haven't seen it yet, but so many of you guys have been sending us messages to react to this video. It seems to be a very hot topic right now. Obviously we are very encouraging about the frontliners and I think they need all the support they can get right now. If you're new around here, hit that subscribe button, we're trying to hit 10k on this channel this week. And also if you want to see some awesome travel vibes, good vibes, lifestyle videos, head over to our main channel, making it happen vlog, link right up here. Shall we jump into this video? Okay, before we start, before we start with this video, I just want to mentally prepare for this. Had a really, really good day today, I was loving a lot, so I was very happy today. But I think this video is very touching and very emotional. By the way guys, today on our main channel, making it happen vlog, we interviewed one of our followers that actually tested positive for the COVID virus. So if you're interested to see how the whole process went for him, definitely check out that video right here. Alright, let's jump into this. So we start off with the room in the phone and it sounds like a hospital environment. Just checking in with the family. This is not disinfecting the area. Such an intense situation. I think it's very important that many people just stay connected with their friends and family during these times. Reminding them that they are at home waiting for them. Oh my god. So touching. I think praying is what a lot of people do right now. It keeps the spirits high. I'm not quite sure how the working hours are. They're trying to protect their children. That is so touching. I just had to swallow like a big chunk here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's removing. So many people just like putting themselves in hard way, harms way for others is. I know some of them are having a really, really hard time because you know, just imagine you being at home struggling mentally during this whole quarantine thing. And then you are put out in a situation that is even more intense. I think the tough thing is also you can't just go home and hug your kids because you might put them in harms way and you have to isolate yourself. And I think in a situation like that you need the human contact so much more. I think all you want is a big, big hug like this. It's tough, it's really tough right now. I wish myself I could go and give my mom a hug. Yeah. But even if I'd flow home to Austria I have to isolate for two weeks and it's just there. Yeah, we actually thought about going back to Austria but then at the same time we said, okay, what if we get the virus while we're putting ourselves at more risk. We'd be putting our families at risk so it's not worth it. It's not worth it. Face time it is for now. I'm struggling to put things into words. But yeah, I think it's a really, really hard time for everybody right now. So please, please be very respectful for those who are putting their lives at risk every day. Going out to the hospitals and doing the work to protect others. If you have frontliners in your family or friends that are frontliners, please take the time to reach out to them and say thank you and tell them how much you're valuing the work and the risk that they're projecting themselves to. I even just share a little story from home what happened at home. I know it's not much happening right now but you know just small things that remind people of, you know, the daily... little things like the example with the food that they cook their favorite dish is something very nice and it gives a warm feeling just knowing that. Very nice, very nice. Let's do a very choppy upbeat video again to bring up the spirit. If you guys enjoyed this reaction, be sure to give it a thumbs up. If you're new around here, subscribe. And don't forget to turn on the notifications if you'd like to see some positive vibes. Check out our other reaction videos. We have some very hilarious ones that we uploaded yesterday. I was, yeah, I was crying tears with the kids one. Laughing, happy tears. Happy Christmas. And yeah, for travel vibes and if you want to see what we are doing during this quarantine, head over to our main channel making it happen. We'll see you guys on the next video here on WhatsApp Philippines. Have a great day. Bye-bye.