 Hello, hello, hello guys. Right today I'm going to react to this video called Narto Shipbuilding by Monagon Zales. In my last video I reacted to her singing Japanese anime songs and I liked it very much. Not only her singing but also Japanese, her passion, really fantastic. Yeah, obviously that's why she got many followers. And this time Narto Shipbuilding, Blue Bad by Iki Monagakari. Well, as you might know, Iki Monagakari they are really popular in Japan. They've got famous about 15 years ago but still people love them and I love it. I love them very much as well. Why are they popular? Because they're a song and lyrics are nice. But I'd rather say because of, you know, the voice of the singer. Her voice is very clear and high tone so it's really comfortable to hear her song. Her voice. Basically their song is really high tone so if people sing their song it must would be like, you know, loud or noisy so it's really difficult to sing their song. Well, how will Monagon Zales cover this song? Looking forward to listening to her sing. Now let's get into it. Well, fantastic. Well, first of all, I gotta say this, what happened to you? I mean, you got so beautiful with full makeup this time. Realiness. Well, I like your cute face without any makeup as well though. Sorry, I gotta react to her sing right. Well, I like her voice. It's very clear. I think it's kind of similar to a voice of original singer. Yeah, really fantastic. This song starts from the hook so it's really difficult to control your voice this part but she controlled it properly completely. Yeah, that's amazing. Although her Japanese go up the accent still acceptable. I don't really mind it. I like her video as well. It's very enjoyable. And my Mercier Before How to Voice. Well, a good head of voice, nice. Senate I don't know The resono So far I don't find anything I points out. Why am Itextded? I'm not going to change my mind I'm going to get it I'm going to get it I'm going to get it I'm going to get it I'm going to get it If I could I could I would have I'm going to get it I'm going to get it Even if it's you I will give you a ride I'm going to get it It's fun to be in the light Very good I don't want to, looking into my few other words of love. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That was fantastic. Welcome. There's nothing I point out in particular. A voice tone, um, vibrato, round, perfect. And what is fantastic is the voice quality, um, it's very clear, uh, just like I Kimono Gakari. I never get bored of listening to her voice. She's gifted. But I want her to be much better. So if I had to say one thing, I need to practice Japanese accent more. Um, it sounds like a bit foreigner to me. Um, for example, sound of Z. We have zah-ji-zu-ze. Zah-ji-zu-ze-zo. She has a problem for this sound. Yeah. Oh, I guess most of foreigner go, uh, problem for this sound. But anyway, um, like this way, Zah-ji-zu-ze-zo. Um, sounds like a mejashita-no-wa. Zah-ji-zu-ze-zo. No, zah-ji-zu-ze-zo. Zah-ji-zu-ze-zo. This is right, right? So, but I know this is saying too much. Yeah. I'm not sure if she joined the singing competition of anime in Japan. Yeah, actually, there are some competitions for foreigners like, who is the greatest foreign singer of anime in Japan. It's actually a long TV, so many good singers joining this competition from around the world. So, actually, it's not so easy to win this battle, but I'm sure she can get good position. Well, it's a hundred percent. So, I'm sure she can get good position. Well, it's a hundred percent. She can get good position. Well, it's hard to have the competition because of corona situation these days, but I'm sure we'll have one in the future, since this is a very famous and popular TV program in Japan. So, does anyone tell us about this competition to her? I want to watch her singing on Japanese TV, so... Anyway, that's it. Thank you for watching my video. Hope you like it. Make sure to like button. Subscribe. Thanks for watching.