 Very very rainy morning. It is every time we go out of the house it is over. Yeah, but now it is not just a casual rain, now there is an actual like typhoon coming, which is I think the first typhoon of this rainy season that actually hits like our exact area. Morning. And we put the lights on and fix it. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Anyway, hello guys and welcome to a new vlog. Right now we are in a family farmland area. We came here because nearby there is a smaller land that is probably going to be our land zone so we came to check it out. But right now we are just taking a walk at this farm because we didn't come here for so so long. So I want to check out what's changed since the last time we were here. It's over or very grown that's what changed. Yes, everything is so tall now. Well, it happens a lot during rainy season. But it's a super cool area because there are so many fruit trees, little papaya here and so many banana trees. So like I said this place is like a family farmland area that are some pool because this place was originally supposed to be a resort but it was like the project was abandoned on midway at least for now. This part is still like what is supposed to be a resort area. So many cute plants here, little table for picnic. You have people over their own life. Yeah, it's since it's not in use this area now but I kind of like it. It's like very jungle. We've never showed you this place before just because like before when I just started on YouTube or did it as a hobby we were not sure like how much I'm to share about personal life but lately as you could see we are enjoying to share more and more about personal life not just travels and trips so this place has to be included also. And there's actually like another like a proper family resort which is actually functioning. I used to work there a bit for coffee. Yeah, you've been wondering about like Jonathan's like profession or what he's doing. So if you are guys curious then we can give you a tour in another video in that resort as well. It's a simple resort. Yeah, it's just a simple, small resort and we don't go there so often since it always have like visitors so we prefer this more peaceful and quiet farm area. Do you want some papaya? Yeah, let's get some. It's not I'm ready yet but Grim Papaya is perfect for my favorite local pickle which is archera and it's basically just Grim Papaya in like a vinegar brine. I'll try to harvest one. Big sum. Maybe this one? I only made archera ones in my life and now I will attempt it again with this. You don't do that. I was so prepared but I'm not sure I don't need a knife. I don't jump in the pool. She's so interested in this pool. This is totally. Whoever was digging it got very excited and overwhelming this pool. That's like 50. Yeah, super, super deep. Let's go find banana. Oh yes. Big sum, let's go. Oh, good job. There's one but it's already a bit older. Let's find the better one. The view from here is so high. You can't see the mountains. Out of so many banana trees there's no way that we won't be able to find the banana hard. But there's one over there I can't see one. There it is. I think this is perfect. Who knew when I was in Hungary how like banana grows and how banana hard looks like you can literally not find banana hard in Hungary only in a can. So it's really cool to see it like this. It will be better to go. It's failing now. Wow, that was easy. Nice. We are ready. So pretty. And so much better to take fruits vegetables that it's a flower. But all these kinds of things straight from the tree instead of just getting it from the supermarket so that's super, super cool. There's a lot of trees here. They are just nothing to see. Yeah, but we can still give you a tour. So over there was like the pool area which is not in the US right now and there are just so many trees. This is still part of the land and here are the mango trees. My favorite ones. Just unfortunately it's not in season right now. No one from the family actually lives here but everyone is using it for like their own like little projects and hobbies. There's someone who keeps chicken here. Someone is planting like trees. We are the pickers. The fruit and vegetable harvesting people from the family. Fixers like to run around here getting their sheep. They are fixers. Come, we don't ride the tricycocom. Oh look, guys. A carabou. Oh hello. Hello, you're so cute. It's eating a banana tree. There's even a carabou now. It's so cute. I told you that everyone here have like their own thing in this land and someone have carabou now. It's coming. Hi. Hi, come. Hi. Hi. Are you friendly? You're itchy. Hi. It's so cute. It's a carabou. It's a carabou. It's a carabou. It's a carabou. It's a carabou. Oh yes. And here. It's a carabou. It's a carabou. It's a carabou. It's a carabou. Oh yes. And here some small ones. And besides all the fruit trees, banana trees and all of this, the coolest thing about these places that there's a nearby river, which is such a perfect little walking spot. It picks and loves to play around there. It's super cool because straight from the farmland, we can go down to the river. But three is this. Oh, that's a huge carabou. It's a tree I didn't notice. It's calamansi. I can smell it. I was surprised. I've only seen tiny calamansi trees like the ones we have at home. This is so huge. The river here is super pretty, but I think we will go to the main river area. It's very dangerous to go through because there are random carabou, roadblocking usually. Oh, what is this? Tomoting car really. Oh, okay. What are you doing? Sit right. Oh, I'm getting a surprise. It's banana trees. Here are sotoa. Normally, even taking the banana from it is just on the side of the road. Here. What's that? It's... It's... It's on that place. It's on that place. It's so fashionable. Thank you. It's natural, naturally. Yes. How do you know this trick? I learned this when I was a kid. Come on, thank you. Holy. Now I will be so fashionable. Thank you. This bridge was not even here before, so it was super hard. And to cross the river. Here's the hanging bridge. Before, it was the only way to cross to the other side. That I see is to cross them. But every rainy season, the water is getting higher, so they built this. Now normally, if you think the hanging bridge anymore, it's quite unstable. Looking it got wet. This type of places are pixel-spavorites. Walking and playing area. She loves rocks and rivers. And like I showed you before, this is her strange hobby. She loves rocks. So she's always asking us to throw them away. And usually she's just crushing it. And she's not bringing it back or anything. She just likes to change it. And we are prepared now. In the past video, you could see us falling a lot in this kind of rocky river place. So now we are finally prepared. Some people are telling us to get proper, so we don't... Yeah. So here it is. Don't wear a prox in the river. Life lesson, don't wear prox. When you are hiking and when you are in rivers. But it's super comfy because it's like a water show. So it's quick drive, but on the bottom it's like this. So it's appropriate for hiking and for going through like rocks and rivers. It looks like all of us are careful. Yeah, it's quite like barefoot shoes. I will leave you a link to them in the description box if you guys want to see it. But it's literally like walking on barefoot. So that's super cool. So no more funny falling on the mountain footage hopefully. But I'll have to save her. Because I'm a part of you two. She would be such a perfect for like gardening because wherever we point she will just start digging and taking her business very seriously. Super rainy, so we are just chilling in this little cubo. There's not even that many saris are in the area and the few we found the people were not even at home back. In every area you can still pick up some faggibar. It's one of my favorite local bread things and... Alibaba. Alibaba. What is this? Sweet corn. It's like a corn chips. At least this you can find it no matter how much you're in the mountains. There's cute cuts also. Hi. Hi. It's a pizza. Good morning guys. This is the next day and even more rain and we did it yesterday. It's a signal number one right now in the area but we are out and I'm vlogging because it's an important day for me. I started finally fixing my permanent visa. I was getting clearance here in Palaian city. It is getting strong in this Palaian city business hub. We couldn't complete it here. We need to go to Cabana to Anastasia to complete it. So regardless of the rain and the storm that's where we are going next. And putting on the rain court as a daily occurrence lately. We tried to use umbrella earlier but the wind is too strong. It doesn't look as strong in camera but it was in a corner. We had to get twisted. Oh no. That's exactly what happened to me. I didn't continue the vlog because the rain and the wind was getting really bad. And we didn't really manage to fix much. We will need to go to Manila to continue the process. So you can expect some Manila vlogs but only when the storm is gone. Until that, stay safe everyone and thank you so much for watching this vlog. If you liked it, then please subscribe and we will see you next time in the next vlog. Bye!