Good morning, we have made it to Corong-Corong beach which is where we are taking off for our boat tour today 
and now normally in El Nido there's Tours A through Tour D, and they're
big public tours fitting up to 20 people on some of these long boats
and we're doing the classic "Tour A". We'll explain more about the tours once we get on the boat.
This is Mark our tour guide today, and he's going to sail us all over the El Nido's beautiful water.
Let's go right now, because we're already behind the schedule.
Let's get on the boat!
By Gok (Gokce)! She's got to go by herself! -Bye! [Music]
[Music] Steve is coming! - Hi there!
Hello! -Good morning sir!
Good morning! 
Look at our boat Steve! - Awesome!
This is our Captain Ray. -Hey Ray!
Okay, so we put our life jackets on and ready to sail. We're so excited to be here.
The only problem with this boat is there is no toilet, and I guess we have to use the water?
[Music]
Mark, do Titanic (pose)!
OK, OK, OK! [Music]
Woooooo!!!
Hahahaha!
So now welcome to our first destination.
So this is one of the most beautiful places in El Nido; the beautiful Big Lagoon.
So now we are here at the outside part of the Lagoon. From here going to the Lagoon takes about 100 meters.
That's why our activity here is kayaking.
I am sorry you are much better at this (kayaking)!
So this is the entrance of the Big Lagoon [Music] - So beautiful!
Doing my best here!
I like Kayaking because I am not doing anything!
I'm the princess today and Steve has been juggling all along. No complaints!
Do you have any complaints? -Tired.
Tired. That's his complaint.
Oh God, no! - Whoa whoa whoa!
That's OK, that's part of kayaking here.
Now we are going to see the secret cave in the Big Lagoon. - Yes ma'am.
Oh, we are getting there!
Here, yes ma'am. Here!
This will be a true test to my kayaking skills. 
Right here, it's very narrow ahead.
Oh my God, ah! [Music]
Wow look at this [Music]. How beautiful this is!
Ahhh! - Yup! Yeah this one is tough. - This one is tough!
Watch your head. Watch your head. Watch your head.
Oh God, oh God, too close, too close.
Wait wait wait wait, not you babe.
I'm aware, trying to get us out.
Are you okay? Yep, just trying to get us out [Music]
Alright I think I made it. Watch your head!
OK! - OK!
He made it!
Not gracefully but I did it.
I think you did a really good job today. - Thanks little bit tired!
Yeah, I can imagine.
Am I the worst kayaker you've ever seen?
No sir, it's okay, I'm doing this every day.
Do you get bored? - No!
I'm happy because every day I meet new people from different countries.
You have the best job! - Thank you ma'am. I'm very rich because every day I'm here in the tour.
And your country is beautiful. - Thank you so much. Especially here El Nido.
Yes, especially El Nido!
So we have massive corrals here with sea urchins. You can see in the massive corrals
How many seasons do you have? - Only two here in Philippines.
What are they? - The Summer season.
Summer and more summer? - Hahaha
Oh, I know these people!
Hello, where are you from? Hahaha
You have jokes, Mark!
It's very wavy!
Oh My God!
Hold it, hold it. 
Okay... 
I got it, I got it, I got it! 
I can't believe you started cooking already!
Yes but our chef cook is Mansour! - Chef!
Yeah our chef Mansour.
Tuna fish!
Oh, this is tuna fish!
Yes, and then we also have here shrimp, then the muscle shell, and also the pork belly. - OK!
[Music]
We are here at Secret Lagoon.
Secret Lagoon?
Yes we will find the lagoon, or we will find the secret.
There you go.
Just push sir, like that.
All right, bye!
See you on the beach!
Oh my God...
This is just real life, or is it fantasy?
Caught in a landside, escape from reality.
It rhymes maybe we should make a song out of it?
Yeah it seems very catchy, it might be popular!
So one of the first things we've kind of noticed so far about the area of El Nido...
It's very similar to Thailand but the limestone cliffs here are much more tree covered and much more green.
It's really beautiful to look at, and this secret lagoon area is incredible. It'd be unreal what nature could form.
We're kind of winging it and trying to beat the crowds, but the crowds keep finding us.
There's a lot of local tourists here which is kind of cool to actually see them again enjoying El Nido.
Just like how they enjoyed Bohol.
[Music]
Mark where did you bring us? It's like Survivor here!
No no no, we're going to the Lagoon.
We will find the secrets later in the
secret lagoon that is not secret anymore.
Oh no! Please don't fall today! :)
Step your right foot here. - Okay!
Right foot here and then sit down. You will sit your butt here and then always lower your head
and then easy swing your legs.
First your left, then right.
Let's see if Steve can do it.
I'm definitely gonna hit my head.
No be careful with your head though. Continue...
Now feel the water!
Wow! It's warm! It's very warm.
This head. The head of a crocodile. - Crocodile? Yeah!
So it seems like the real secret at the secret lagoon is to wait for everybody to come out, because now we have it completely to ourselves!
When there were like dozens of people in here before, so thanks to mark for making us wait it out now!
We're all alone in here [Music]
This is just so beautiful! Philippines have such incredible unique nature.
We're so happy to be here!
All right Mark, let's go!
Mama is hungry.
OK! Let's go mama!
[Music]
I did it!
[Music]
We are done with secret lagoon. We know the secret.
Now back to the boat.
Hopefully (we will) have some lunch, because I am starving!
Bye!!
I got my coconut! So happy.
I can't believe how much food they brought
for us. This is just for Steve and I,
and we have a huge plate of fruits and cucumber salad. We have shrimps. We have a whole fish and we have all these mussels!
And some pork and an eggplant salad! And of course rice!
How much time do we have to eat this all?
It is up to you ma'am! One hour, no problem!
Okay awesome thank you so much!  - It might take us a little bit longer than that to eat everything.
Let's dig in!
No way I'm gonna be able to eat all this but I'm gonna try. - I'm here to help you.
She is going to make her own Filipino style stuffed mussels now. 
Yeah a little bit of muscle. -And a little bit of
Filipino style rice a little.
A little bit of rice. - Close enough? - Pretty close!
Chef, our food is so good. Thank you so much!
All right, I'm gonna put this camera down now and enjoy this feast.
As you can see, we've finished everything. - Not everything!
Well, yeah. We're gonna eat it later.
I love my rose. - Eat it! - I don't want to eat it it looks so perfect!
[Music]
So we call this place as "Abbott's Snorkeling area".
So yeah we are here for snorkeling. I go to swim also.
Okay but I don't know how to swim! - You don't know how to swim?
Sure! - No I'm joking.
Bad profession to be in if you don't know how to swim.
Mark already jumped in! He's swimming like a fish.
[Music]
Alright, let's go and swim!
[Music]
Okay ma'am and sir, so now welcome to our last
destination. This place is Papaya Beach.
Part of Seven Commandos. We call it papaya because before we had a plenty of papaya trees here.
But now, no more papaya, more on coconut.
But still Papaya Beach.
okay [Music]
The reason why we came to this side of the beach though is because seven Commando is the more popular one
and therefore attracts much larger crowds. Right now there's a ton of boats over there.
Unfortunately, whereas over here there's only about five or six.
So, much more relaxing on this side and it's super peaceful. Super white sand. Incredible.
If you're on a private boat you could kind of change things around.
That's why we're here last. Most boats go to seven commando first,
and you're kind of stuck going to seven Commando with the big crowd.
[Music]
Steve is flying the drone right now and after that we are going to dip into the water.
It's so hot right now, we can't wait to swim.
So I'm just gonna cut off here. Hope you enjoy this beautiful drone shots that he's filming.
[Music]
Steve!!!! How's the water?
It's colder than before. It's a bay, so it's definitely like colder, but clearer, super clear!
I honestly can't believe this is real.
It legitimately looks like a postcard in actual real life.
It's incredible [Music]
All right, that's it for the day!
We are done for the tour for today, so again welcome
El Nido and thank you very much!
All right, thank you. Bye!
All right, so we're done with our boat tour for today they were amazing to us,
but this is going to be the end of our time here in El Nido.
We're going to take a tricycle back over and catch our
one last final Sunset
before we head on over to our next destination in the Philippines.
We cannot wait for that.
This has been incredible and the next place is going to be (we hope) even better!
So, stay tuned, subscribe and we'll see you next time over our next spot in the Philippines.
This is our first street food in Philippines.
Yeah. - So this is very very unique!
holy cra(p) Greg, your stick is really uh crooked!
That's what she said!
Feeding my man with my own hands.
What is this? - Sapin-sapin.
Sapin-sapin. - Sapin-sapin.
Isa Isa Isa, Sapin-sapin, Salamat!
She's so sweet!
