 I'm not. Come on, that's better than the Maldives. Wow. I've never seen this. Beautiful, huh? Very. What the... That is a little bit expensive. And with a little bit I mean a lot meatmob. This robot is really selling me this vacation. I want to speak to a human. Oh, this one is going to be a good one. Yeah. What's up Philippines? Welcome to another reaction video. Something that I'm excited about. I'm excited about too. It is luxury travel. What are my favorite things? So what are we reacting to today? Today we're traveling, luxury traveling through a video. Exactly. Yeah. Today we're watching top 10 luxury beach results in Palawan Philippines. So only in Palawan, that's... Only in Palawan, I want to go back to Palawan very soon. Yeah. We haven't been in two years. Yeah. More. That's pre-pandemic. Yeah. So I got a lot of recommendations from you guys for our upcoming wedding for beach results in Palawan. Meaning that a lot of you said or suggested we should just book a whole island or like just an island result. But I'm not sure if this is in the budget. I just got a piece. It's peanut butter paper. I don't think so. Anyway, we're going to jump right into this video because I'm very curious to see if there are any new luxury results that I haven't seen yet. All right, let's go. Well known for its gorgeous sandy beaches and crystal clear waters, Philippines Palawan promises one of the world's most breathtaking seascape rare diverse aquatic wildlife. From lasing on the hammock on the white sandy beaches to deep sea diving, it is the perfect destination for both holiday makers and adventure seekers. Looking for the perfect luxury beach resort for your getaway? We have done the homework for you. Check out our list of Top 10 beach holiday resorts in Palawan, Philippines. One, El Nido, resorts Lagan Island renowned as one of the most beautiful luxury resorts in El Nido, Palawan. This eco-sustainable resort offers an immaculate beach that is nice. Come on, that's better than the Maldives. Most in captivating views of the sunset and the sunrise, the resort provides exquisite deluxe accommodations and amenities constructed in modern Philippines. And as the sea is. Cottages, rooms and sweets are well appointed over the water beside the beach or surrounded by verdant forest. Lagan Island is part of the El Nido Resorts group and is located in El Nido, northwestern part of Palawan. Rates. From 450 to 550 USD. It's a lot of it, but it doesn't shock me. Delute beach and mountain resort be mesmerized by the amazing sea view from any of the resort's 27 private cabanas. Experience delectable local cuisines at its restaurants and warm hospitality throughout your stay at De Luyant, the perfect way to experience Philippine beach holiday. Rates. From 120 to 200 USD per night. Three. Sheridan Beach Resort and Spa Sheridan Beach Resort and Spa is the premier luxury resort. It is the best place to visit beachfront. It is the best place to visit beachfront. It is known to champion environmental sustainability in one of Palawan's most protected areas. Its luxurious setting offers a spectacular holiday for its guests with a wide variety of sea and land activities. The resort is a class of its own with 95 Asian inspired rooms and sweets and a grand convention hall that katers to all kinds of meetings, events, and celebrations. Its prime location is a major draw for couples from all over the world to exchange or renew their vows and create a lifetime of memories of its descendancy. Rates, from 140 to 220 USD per night. 4. DOS-PAR-MAS-ILEAND-RESORT and SPAR located in the beautiful tropical waters of Honda Bay. This 20 hectare of the river island is one of the ultimate destinations for your perfect beach holiday in Palawan. Looking out from the resort's elegantly furnished villas, take in the splendor of the ocean that is home to over 300 species of reef fishes, corals, and many other sea creatures. In DOS-PAR-MAS-ILEAND-RESORT you can snorkel, kayak, or dive and discover the teeming marine life of Palawan. Wake up every morning to the sound of distant waves and the symphony of a hundred different areas to the view of the sea in the beach. But I'm really telling you this location is really blissful. Rates, from 120240 USD per night 5. Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? Bokke? That's Filipino design. Alphresco dining room. Alphresco dining room. Alphresco dining room. Rates, 590, 900 USD per night 6. Amman Resorto Manpilo set on its own private island in the Sala Ocean. Amman Resorto Manpilo invites you to lose yourself in this tropical paradise of white beams of sand, crystal clear waters and rich marine life. life. The resort's perfectly designed space goes well with the natural environment that surrounds it. What? No? Ananthaloo's native style of dwellings enhances its exclusive islander Lua. There are 42 casitas fashioned after a Philippine behave, Cubo rates, 1,150 to 2,162. What? That is a little bit expensive. It's worth 7. And with a little bit of, I mean, a lot of... This resort, Corrin Island Club Paradise is an exclusive island resorting corrin, paloan nestled within the UNESCO biosphere reserve. And strategically located amid corrin's tourist attractions and exhilarating dive sites, you get to enjoy the pristine white sand beaches, rustic accommodations, colourful wildlife as well as a myriad of outdoor activities for a free day. I think that's one of the destinations where you go with it. 54 groups and cottages with scenic views of nature, as well as a spa, restaurant, and two bars. Accommodations include beachfront-thatched cottages with private balconies exuding elegant simplicity afford the most indulgence-nate price, 2,50340 USD per night-eight. Humor Island Resort and Spa cradled in the turquoise waters of one of Southeast Asia's last frontiers is a pendant island called Humor Island Resort and Spa, a premium holiday destination for the elite traveller seeking a personalized experience of exploration and discovery. With approximately 15 km perimeter, Humor Island Resort and Spa features 81 thatched roof villas with high-ceiling bamboo design, exclusive sun decks, and magnificent view of the Azure Pacific. Just waking up and having a violently blush interior and contemporary furnishing, each villa features spacious bathrooms with some of the shower and toilet area, and an outdoor jacuzzi with an extra view of either sunrise or south. Look at that jacuzzi. Rates, 570, 750 USD per night-nine. Apolliet Island Resort located in Tate of Northern Palawan, Apolliet Island offers an adilic getaway for those in search of a tropical paradise. So many modest style for health and animal existence. Life, colourful tropical fishes, and scenic landscapes, the island's 50 water cottages built in traditional architecture mixed with contemporary design, invite you to simply relax and bask in the serenity of the island. Apolliet Island is also known as the EcoAdventure Resort. It offers unique and exciting experiences amidst the beautiful natural landscape of Tate Palawan. Rates, 590, 720 USD per night-ten. El Nido Resort's Pangulation Island Pangulation Island is El Nido Resort's Eco Luxury Island Hideaway in Backuit Bay, El Nido, Palawan. The resort is set fronting a pristine beach and against a backdrop of tropical forest. Pangulation has to be... I want to speak to a human. I'm rising sunset. The resort offers a total of 42 deluxe accommodations built with contemporary Filipino and cutting-edge green design resort facilities include a boutique, library, restaurant and bar at the clubhouse, an infinity pool with beach bar, located just minutes away of vibrant coral reefs and El Nido Resort's beach clubs. Rates of 680 to 780 USD per night thank you for watching. Subscribe to my channel. Okay, the world. That was a very very nice summary. Yeah, I was finding out the computer voices very funny. Very well researched. The video was very well done. It's hilarious to have that computer voice. Yeah, and I must say although it is a very nice summary, I think it would be better to just go day by yourself and explore it. Or maybe we can go and vlog about it and just vlog our impressions and feelings and just show how the whole experience was for a human. Yeah, it would be nice. But it looks stunning. There are a few of those. I'm like, okay, I'm putting these on the bucket list. Short list, that. Short list. Yeah, and I'm not sure if I'm on pool with the budget within the budget, but it would be on the bucket list someday. Yeah, if you enjoyed today's reaction video hit the thumbs up button and subscribe. We will see you on the next video. Meet more. What's up? We're just going to see you guys tomorrow.