 Hey welcome to a foreigner in the Philippine just about to make the final trick up the road to the house which I'm anticipating maybe quite an adventure so much rain is falling and the side slip which you may or may not be familiar with depending on the camber you can be going along quite fine slowly by the way four or five miles an hour at the moment because so much rain and you can slip over to the side with at the very least very inconvenient consequences so turn around and doing a one-handed thing but we're going so slow that I don't feel it's such a bad thing and we're off the road nobody else nobody else around you see how much rain has fallen here it's not usually as bad as this even when it had the bad rains so you can see the terrific amount of rain falling some of these are quite big holes I've just been down to to get some materials which we badly need to be able to continue so we don't have so much conversation this little truck is what they call let me see it's called the surplus and which is not quite the same as saying second-hand but really amounts to about that because what they do is they get them in parts and put them back together and they do a certain amount of work on making them good but of course good becomes a very subjective term so now this is the first challenge I always like an hour our trip home the road to be a little bit like a lock system look at any effect we're going through the first lock now where we're ascending getting higher and higher and what happens is you go along relatively straight and then you'll rise a little and I come back down again but in the main you're always rising in altitude and that of course brings about its own problems as this is without four-wheel drive we will be struggling on this part now we haven't got a terrific amount of materials on the back it's easy enough to support the strain on the little guy our little red now this has been really kind of forward to have side slip here because we'll be going down there so it all looks it all looks like a walk in the park but it's really not as you'll see where we have to leave the blue yesterday coming home yesterday as you can see so much rain so much mud and the routes in the road tend to grip the car the vehicle and pull it where they want to I may want to stay in the middle here and right now but if I fix so if it is meant to be that I get in one of those routes then I'll be following the route and now here's the next lock if you wish okay so that one now I'm trying it in second gear but it's it means maintaining a slightly higher speed just may not be the right thing see here you can see those routes those have been made by some of the heavier trucks I'm in the route no choice just follow it now and yeah the mechanics in the audience they'll be saying I need a front end rebuild and you'd probably be right and then another another rise if it's stuck here before now just stop for a moment and wind a window down or just going a little bit wet see look you can see up to the first hill it's clear and then it all goes into a shroud of mist here's our what would have been a tremendous challenge I would be bouncing that we would be getting up here if we hadn't come back and laid this concrete as part of our road project stop on to the next level there's a sicker house in the mountains up to the next level after the wild the eyeplaze tricks on you look at this now I can't can't tell in a moment whether we're going up or down now we're going in the rut that's for sure still has a special kind of beauty look at that so shrouded in mist I surely live in the most beautiful place so now you can see it starting to rise quite steeply all the time we're getting higher than higher see right here you really don't want to be slipping off to the left off to the left is uh well not such a happy time going off there it's not like it's a terrifying precipice but if you were making your way to the bottom there in a truck that was rolling all the side to side it wouldn't be a lot of fun now you have the same care and that's even that's in and steeper so come about much or maybe you can see April or May we'll be looking at needing the grader to come in and make a fairly simple pass over this road now a slippery a slippery is a road is right now with the camber going off to the right it's tricky I believe it's centrifugal force that is trying to take the vehicle to the right when they're going around the left hand cove and the wheels are trying to take us left hand but the way that the truck is trying to continue straight on and if you take it too fast uh centrifugal force would win no day in the wet because there would be no traffic once again off to the left we're going through the palm plantation now I always think of the palm plantation as I like almost like a living dead because it's been so neglected I understand from breath she tells me when look at that looks like a pile of spiders old climbing up between the bed tells me that this film is part of a huge the huge property and at one time I ordered the heavily invested in but right now I believe according to that I believe that that the property has been neglected because sorry about the camera angle lying on the passenger seat so you can get a better view training a little bit back up the window Fiona died and in a strange kind of way the plantation died with them didn't it this is quite spooky that night coming back there's no light pollution at all if there is the rain if the rain has been coming down too and it's getting to first for this and it that window up because I'm getting soaked once again the force of the vehicle is trying to take me off to the left he Now I love this spot usually in the nice weather, clean off the window. In the nice weather this is where we get the first glimpse of where we live and that's how I heal there. You've got the heal coming down from the left and the big tree in the foreground there and then behind in the far distant future is our hill and on a good day you can actually see some of our roofs of the houses. You can see Rados house from here. You can see Manning Linus house. That's the house in the middle of the picture. Get you in the middle of the picture and then off. Through the branches of that tall tree is Rados house. Now going along at maybe 3 miles an hour okay so the water watts are going to be saying well you shouldn't be doing the camera and driving at the same time. In first gear 3 miles an hour and here's where it gets kind of risky because if you start to drift off you go into that ditch there this is what happened with the blue. There's nothing you can do about it because as I said we're going to experience that now. On the left you have that deep ditch and on the right in a moment or two we'll be having the rice fields and you while it's very inconvenient going into the ditch on the left it's a lot more inconvenient rolling over into the rice fields. I'm really trying to keep out of that ditch there unsuccessfully. I'm going to try to get back onto the main path away from this ditch. Can we do it? No we can. Maybe. No. No. No. It's really important that we get back now here. No. I'll have to go back and just switch off now. No.