 I never make promises cause I don't keep them I am ready to miss you I never make promises cause I don't keep them I am ready to miss you I never make promises cause I don't keep them I never make promises Good morning my friends, my am Bun Tag Another day in the province I got my hat on That can only be one thing Time for some business Time to do a bit of work outside the house It was quite a long grass here, it was quite dangerous And snakes can hide in the grass So I got a job to do today To make a start anyway To clear out the side of the house During myself I have a few things to do in the city So I haven't got too long this morning I am going to start now, give it a go We also have some plans for outside the house And you'll see what those are when they start to come together soon But we've had a few suggestions, a few comments Thank you very much A lot of people suggested this idea And we're going to go with it It's something we've always wanted to do And we think we can make it work I've got a spimmer to help you do the job I bought this from Lissada and Shoffee 48 volts It's not the most powerful But it's certainly not too cheap either Metal telescopic handle And different ends I've gone with the metal ones You can put nylon ones There's a big cut in this Which cut down trees as well And this isn't a sponsored video Just bought this to the job As it would take me further with the attack Okay, so let's give this a go Hope I didn't cut through a water line or power line Got help us Thanks for watching Too big Ah, Monday morning we go shopping And that date Where is the date? Let me put it in my darling Get a date Wow It's a magical date You know what that date means It's telling you a bit more of the date So we are going to Bug you Good morning guys We are soon busy today Going to do some shopping And going to do some gardening later As it gets on me again It's nice weather It's been time outside So yeah It's a nice day today We are here at WorldCarn That's where we need to buy some varnish To do a little bit of varnish in the house We've got a good selection here We've got a balcony And for the chairs And we are going to do some gardening And for the balcony And for the chairs Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Hello my neighbours I'm from the rescue I am from the Kriffy He comes from the Kriffy The morning Mr. Crepe, not some water. So one of our neighbours has lent a hand with his much improved grass cutter. So then we need, something we need really, but he has lent a bit of a hand to help out. And they're in here, we have big neighbours, quick friends, moving to the Philippines, always difficult, especially as a foreigner, you get what to expect. But our neighbours here are fantastic. They speak good English, they're very friendly. It's a very sunny day today. Very bright and sunny. There's cream. Cream. There you go. Good boy. Good boy, you get on my feet to drink. So I made a start here. And still a lot to do. But neighbours lent a great hand. Carry on doing this over this weekend. So we bought these bowls from La Zada, not expensive, food and a water section. So that the boys can always have something to eat and snack on in the day. There's their usual bowls. This one got a bit dented. As I am, accidentally reversed over a knick-kart. Yeah, cream. Cream didn't like it. Cookie. There you go, cookie. Some water. Too big. You need kai-o. So one day to day. There's a schedule power outage today from 7am to 5pm. Here where we are in Omox city. It's not all of Omox city. Just where we are up to. To Non-nan. To Non-nan. To Mon-nan. To Non-nan. To Mon-nan. To Non-nan. To Mon-nan. To Non-nan. To Mon-nan. To Non-nan. To Non-nan. To Non-nan. What James had. I can't pronounce my NGs here. Very common in the Philippines. The NG together makes a noise. I haven't had enough practice of using it yet. So it's difficult for me. Probably the hardest thing about learning Filipino either by sign or to galog. There's a lot of NG sounding words. For an English speaker, it's not an easy noise to make. Not an easy sound to make. So I have to practice a lot more. I'm like, mmm. Mmm. The Nang sound. I have to keep practicing that. So moving to the Philippines as a phone is a few things you worry about. Are you going to make any friends? Are you going to be able to speak to people? Communicate with people? Learn the language. Obviously, it's a big, big must. They help. Had we done things differently? Had I done things differently? I would have learnt the languages a few years before we moved. I really should have started when we were back in England. But I can't talk about the clock. Just keep going forwards for now. A little by little. Keep trying. I know I will. But we have good neighbours here. Very helpful, very friendly. We've had a get together with them a month or so ago. We're going to plan another one soon. And we look out for each other. We help each other. It's great. It's great. It's really made living here. So much easier to have people all around you who are nice and decent. And you find most Filipinos. It's not all Filipinos. So like that, they're nice people. They're friendly people. They like to help each other. And it's great. What is it you're going to be doing today, my darling? No, I'm going to be going to be the rattle chair. I think it looks sped it already because of the rain. Yeah, the varnish that was on it was quite a light varnish. But we bought a hopefully better one. One that'll penetrate in, we'll seal it. And when there's no power, it sort of puts you off a bit. Doesn't it? You don't know what to do. But then it's a good thing to do. Yeah, exactly. It gives you an excuse to get outside. Not like we don't do this anywhere. We do this quite often. Most days. But when there's no power, your mind's made up. There's no distractions inside the house. So I'm wearing a top. I haven't worn before. It looks like I'm dressed for the beach at the moment. I've lost a little bit of weight. There's something I've been doing as well as exercise. I'll share with you. A little bit later than the vlog. But it's definitely been helping me to lose a bit of weight. So what James is doing in the background is she's going to make a blowpipe for our dirty kitchen. So when we use the fire and it starts to go out, you need to blow on it or fan it. With this, we've got a bit of bamboo. You can blow for it. Also, you can blow darks it. People, if you don't like them, joke bang. But you can blow for it to get the flames going again. At the moment, we blow on it without a bamboo blowpipe. And it goes up in your face. Out your nose. With this, you can stand a little bit further away. Direct where your breath goes, where the air goes, into the fire to revive it. You're playing dead again, Cream. You're playing dead again, you're playing dead again. You're not going to fall twice. I'm not going to fall twice. So I'm going to look at this. No, Cream, you're dead. I always try and it on again. What's in food, I think. I hold your hand, Cream. We get through this together. I had a bit of heat run around a little bit. Just want to cool down now. Get some nice breeze in this corridor. So. So I'm going to be making for the first time some good cow husk tea. So these two cow husks are a byproduct from when we put you suck a cow into chocolate. We have a cow lot in Kananga. And these were from our harvest, our last harvest. You've roasted the beans. You've separated the husk from the beans. And we're left with these, the good cow husks. I quite often these are just disposed of, but there's a lot of health benefits in the cow husks. A full of antioxidants, a great source of vitamin C, vitamin E, iron, magnesium. And it tastes great. Ah, it's got such a great chocolate smell already. The water starts to change colours. We're going to let this brew for six minutes, any longer than eight minutes. And it can become a bit too overpowering the taste. This is gluten free, it's organic. It's also thermogenic. What that means is you're a naturally speed up your metabolism to help you burn more fat. Just to give it a bit of sweetness. Let's get this a try. That's really good. Oh, jeans. Finish now. Working hard all day. Wow, looks amazing. Got a bit of drama today. You're going to see it in the next vlog. Something that we would dread in, not looking forward to. Can face to face with our biggest fear. And you see what happens next time. So thanks very much for watching. Give us a thumbs up if you liked the video. Subscribe and hit the bell icon to be notified when we upload our next video. See you next time. Thanks very much for watching.