 Hello everyone, I'm Azucari. Today I tried to be safe Jollybee. Jollybee is the most famous press food restaurant in the Philippines with over 1,000 branches along the country. We can find Jollybee restaurants anywhere, such as in a low-side or in shopping mall, which are very large. Let's try to eat it. Jollybee always has a long line and very crowded, especially while in beachy hours. Jollybee lunches are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, all the time. Jollybee menu are chicken with fries, spaghetti, hamburger, pie, pizza, etc. I tried to order several kinds of food. The crew member carried my dishes to the table. Thank you. Those are my dishes. Here is a spicy fried chicken. spaghetti, tuna pie, combo display with fries. The amount of the bill is 283 pesos. It weighs 566 yen in Japanese yen. I think it's affordable. I'm going to eat this one, of course. This is a fried chicken season with chili powder. I heard that many people choose this nickname. And then this is a spaghetti. It's cold, it's vividly red. It's a little bit spicy, but it's a little bit spicy. Actually, it uses banana ketchup. We don't use it in Japan, but it's really sweet. The noodle has a very impressive soft texture. It's similar to the Japanese soft udon. The sauce is very sweet for Japanese. But I don't know why I want to taste it again. I heard that it is just really feelin' your taste. It's chili powder, it's so spicy. I think it's for adults. I want to drink no sugar tea, but the response in the ingredients are sugar drinks only. I'm hot cold. I'm not hot. I'm hot. It's a one-latter hot just food. I guess lots of Japanese people prefer this taste. The taste is like a gula can. I like it. I think Japanese people prefer this taste. I like the taste of the noodles. I like it. I like it. I like the taste of the noodles. Sweet, spicy, sweet, spicy is the repetition of them. I think noodles are not good for our health. And I got my lips hurt because of spiciness. I recommend Jolly Be because you can feel the feeling easily here. You should feel it here at once. There are always plenty of people here and everyone enjoy eating. Jolly Be is dropped by 3 people very much. And I know Jolly Be. Chicken Jolly is the most popular meal. Here is a young brother. Hello. One day, Jolly Be appeared in London people. A lot of children were excited. I was really lucky because I was able to see Jolly Be's plans. And found the other four mascots. Jolly, Heki, French flight, purple, burgers, yum. These are two wings. I was really surprised that they danced well. Maybe whose combination are all other four-second ones? It's 3 people. To hatch around 480 srons in the Philippines, my inner-salt specialty is roasted chicken with rice. Chowkin is a Chinese restaurant. Right people open cats and other fish to eat. Three-inch pizza. Jolly Be is a Chinese restaurant.