 So our meal is here. I ordered a shrimp and squid fried rice here. So that is all it comes with. Then this is some beef thing. And then what did you order again? So I ordered this. It's supposed to be some spicy rice bowl. The lighting is not so great. Bare with us. Wow this rice looks so rich, like so full of ingredients. They're very generous with the ingredients and the rice. So cool. It looks good. It tastes so good. It tastes so good. See what our viewers know. It's the best. It's mango world, it's not in front of us. This is a very good fried rice. It's super tasty. So let's see how the beef tastes. I think this is the first time we're in a Korean restaurant here in the Philippines. I was waiting for my niece Jessica to come visit us before we came to Korean restaurant. She loves when I go back to Seoul, I will come to Korea and I'll show you. She won't be happy at all. I was reserving it for her. That is good. The beef is so nice. I think we've all heard of beef. The beef is sweet. Can you taste it? It's sweet. Korean food. I'll start up. I'll just say it in Korean. Hi guys. We came for dinner at the Seoul Sky restaurant. The rotating restaurant here in Eastwood City. Just at the gates of Eastwood City. We did the light show in Eastwood City which was super amazing. If you've not seen the video, you should check it out. The last video I posted. It was so good. After that, we came to this restaurant, Seoul Sky. It's a starting point for a party. The idea of this restaurant is that it rotates 360 degrees. You can get to see the view of Eastwood and the environs. It's really cool. The last time we were here in Eastwood City, someone commented on my video that I should try out this place. That's why I came here. We need to come and have dinner at this restaurant. It looks like it's a place that is better done during the daytime. The lighting is not so great here. The way we are sitting, and then we're facing the view. At night, you can't really see much of the view. I think it's better done at daytime. The seating area just goes round. It's at the edges. You can get to see the view. It's rotating as I'm standing here. It's actually rotating. I'm going to show you how much it has rotated since we got here. We finished having dinner already. I thought I should give you a tour of the place. Currently, they are setting up for a party. It's not going to be at its best. Let me show you a bit. The center is the bar, kitchen, everything. There is a Christmas tree right here. They are setting up for the party, like I said. Putting on the decor and everything. So, let's just walk around. We are like the last customers. As a matter of fact, when we came in, they actually said they had closed receiving customers. They wanted to set up for the party. We just said, let's just come in. We don't mind staying for a bit. We had just one hour to be here. It's okay. You can see the view. It's a 360 view. You see all around the city. It's actually rotated a lot since we came. So, the tire is currently at the table. I just thought I should walk around and show you guys what it's like. So, the tire is at the table right now. This is the kitchen. Okay, let me show you guys how much it has rotated since we came. We've been here for 40 minutes. Let me show you where we started. Where our first seat was. This is where we were when we first came in. We were here. Because we're directly in front of this road. So, this is the first place we sat when we came in. This is where our table was. Not the first place we sat. Our table was here. So, this is what it's rotating. It's not the entire entrance. So, this is a portion that is rotating. This side is not. It's just here. That is rotating. And this is not rotating. So, it's just this portion that is with the black rope. Okay, so we're sitting here. So, this is how far we've rotated in 40 minutes. So, I think it's going to take like two hours to rotate around. Add into do it 360. Right? You didn't mean it? Yeah. So, this is where we are now. I'm going to do a time lapse of the whole thing. You can see I'm capturing it here. So, there will be a time lapse of the whole rotation since we got here. So, we're going to do a time lapse of the whole rotation. So, yeah, let me know if you've been to this restaurant before. You know, what do you think of it? The food is really amazing, really good food. And unfortunately, we came at night. So, the view, we can't really appreciate the view that much. We are currently on the third floor. And the view should be really good. But, it's night. So, we're going to come back during the day. Where we can appreciate this view even more. All right, thanks for watching. I'd appreciate it. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. Photos that missed the last video. Just a little bit of it. So, enjoy it. And we'll drive guided by the shiny light. Hope will come alive. So, let's end the race at Shutter Street at left or spirit high. For in this Christmas season, hope will never die. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light Show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the Eastwood Light show. I'm going to give you a little bit of the HousewideUDGlit Show to tell you how much the Eastwood Light To create, we decided to do streaky. For love and light, come to shine. And all that we do.