 Yeah, you've guessed it from the colour of my dress what we're doing today apparently that wasn't on purpose But I reckon it was good morning guys. Welcome to another day. You do today actually yesterday Lucy and I had an idea for a video Need just as we were deciding to get healthy and stuff we had this idea of why don't we try and eat only jolly Someone's just walked out of the gym. Oh, there's a gym right there. This is really fast. It's thought it might be funny To only eat jolly be 24 hours This came out of the realization that jolly be have a breakfast menu. It's 9.30 a.m. It's Sunday in Manila right now 9.30 and we've never tried the breakfast menu. We're gonna try it today. All we're gonna eat today is jolly be jolly be only Wait, wait wait wait. Do they do coffee? Never seen that. No. So I can't even have a morning coffee. I'd say everything but then we can buy water Right we can buy water for many work. Yes, and jolly be do not sell water But we don't want to die doing this challenge food wise any snaps any drinks We have other than water. I've got that snack so breakfast lunch dinner if we get hungry during the day We have to go and find a jolly wherever we are We're going around Manila today. We've got some fun stuff planned. But luckily there's jolly be literally everywhere here So I don't think we're struggle to find it It's more just like eating it the whole day. You might make a we'll let you know We'll let you know how we feel after but it's just chicken and rice right? That's a bodybuilder diet so technically after this video. I should have a six pack All right, shall we go? All right, let's go We're kicking off in Lagazby Village in Macatti luckily this one next to our hotel Yeah, I know there is a jolly be along here somewhere Hopefully they do breakfast. I'm not sure if every restaurant does the breakfast menu But I'm guessing it does guessing a spill I'm a Donald's where is it? That's definitely closed Look it up. It's Sunday where jolly be closed on Sunday. They won't be Too well, is it? Excuse me. Hi, do you know if jolly be Or the jolly be closed on Sunday Okay, fingers crossed you're never far away from a jolly being the Philippines. So So So we've chosen the darkest jolly be in the world to film a video in It's open 24 hours baby We can sit here for a whole 24 hours and not leave Yes, no way oh they have coffee here is the famous breakfast menu And I can make milk bacon and cheese sandwich. I'll have one coffee karaoke karaoke Singing George wants to make jokes and marrants me and everyone around us Writing up people's there Okay, we're gonna save a lot of money Thank you Hey guys, we found a little spot to sit in the our breakfast we've never been here before this is legaz the active part The only activity we're doing is eating jolly be I'm probably not the best way for it. I think there's there's people like jogging and working out here But we didn't realize it's Sunday. I've seen so quiet everywhere People are probably hungover No, actually we look kind of normal now right? Yeah exactly I'm gonna have my first sip of jolly be coffee. I've never had a jolly be coffee Just like a black rude coffee I think oh no, there's got the leaf flower. It's not very good for the video Excuse me Oh, no, I just drink coffee on my white shoes That's good. That's a nice black coffee. That's fine. Have some So I'll come and show this at the reason we're so far away guys is because this is like a playground that you're on You're on like a slide right now and it's not really a bench close to another bench. So this is what you get This looks interesting. I mean it's not the best presented thing I've ever seen But they look like nice fluffy pancakes. They do look good So I'm gonna try it on its own and I think I've got some sources first mouthful of jolly be breakfast Really good pancake really that like really fluffy. They're like it looks like a crumb hit on my skin side because they're so fluffy I'm gonna put some sauce on it That's butter and I'm guessing this is syrup I'm going to do the sweet breakfast today. Oh Nice let me do it ready Yeah, get that on there You've got to go with the syrup. I mean so far. I'm really enjoying this challenge. I must say although hard to eat pancakes with plus six food and pork Mmm delicious unexpected. I was thinking I'd be having something like George got like a burger kind of breakfast Very happy pancakes and it's trying to put juice as well. It's literally the same red It's the same color. Well, if you need someone to be at the tip me up I'm not kidding. I'd love that so I'm trying what was it bacon egg and cheese right? Some get it's like oh it's like a morning muffin thingy, but it's in a burger bun It looks quite good actually. I mean it looks quite northeer. It does. I don't think it's very healthy I don't know if there's any sauce in here It's good. There is nothing wrong with that we got egg Bacon cheese nice off burger bun. That egg looks really good perfectly by the way. Well done jolly be in the gasby village So that makes breakfast a success oh What have you done? We just arrived at the path of the mall Yeah, I'm a little bit shopping And we could be come here. We haven't been here for a little while and of course they have a jolly be here So it's good for a lunch in a minute. We see those people like popcorn We're not with those people like popcorn walking past us We're not gonna be able to have popcorn when we go to the cinema later I'm thinking chicken joy definitely with fries or rice My guest spaghetti actually as well. I do really like this Actually the hot dog was quite good for I've got the pizza mango pie. Do you know what I've never tried the burger steak Just on its own with rice and gravy I've got two piece chicken jui rice fries and fried your just got one piece you can enjoy fries spaghetti and a cake the challenge is going very well I'm very happy about this challenge Chicken joy is my favorite thing in jolly be so let the pancakes burger for breakfast Lucy just said you also chewing gum after that is like yes, please Fresh and up a little bit then I thought is that technically cheating because it's not jolly But then I also thought we don't swallow it so it's all good and we're eating it in jolly be so Comment I mean this is our own video so like we made the rules technically So new rule chewing gum is loud, okay? Thank you guys See you later. Thank you. I do feel a little sweaty after that. I won't lie. Got like the food sweats Head into Zara now loses looking for a new dress Nice, you think this is a dress. I said I think it's a tablecloth Not sure what the hell look at this rain All right slow down a tiny bit now honestly the heavens just opened And it came crashing down I said in yesterday's vlog it's Here that I said in yesterday's vlog it's typhoon season everyone laughed to me everyone mocked me They're like no George that's June and July may may May 26 Sunday I do pronounce this the start of typhoon season This is great though. We've got this underground pass walkway thingy. What all the floor is slippy? Oh Okay, we're gonna be careful gonna go I'm gonna palm hand Lucy cuz I could fall over you need to look after me luckily we've got this walkway Which is totally covered Which goes all the way back to our hotel? I don't think we're gonna go to the cinema we I put on my Instagram story today asking what you guys think was going to see whether it's like Aladdin or the peak to movie or John Wick 3 we haven't seen John Wick 1 or John Wick 2 so that wouldn't have made my sense Most of you guys said Aladdin we kind of do want to see it but the cinema times here at Greenbelt didn't line up tall So I don't think we're doing that But we still need dinner. What are you fancy for dinner? Maybe totally oh yeah great. I didn't have nice. We've also had one of the nicest days of Meeting you guys meeting people who watch our videos. It's nice every day like we meet people every single day To oh yeah seven pm. We've got get laundry We meet people every day who watch our videos which is so so cool Thank you for always coming up so high and taking selfies and stuff. We absolutely love it But today especially I don't know why we've had like I know the most excited happy people lots of bugs Lot loads of selfies. It's been really really nice. I remember guys never be shy. I'll be shy Lucy's new dress everybody It's not quite the one I wanted I wanted a long dress nice Slip down it with sleeves bit of an opposite, but I like it a lot. I really like the color Kind of goes with an hour one it's so summary for this rainy weather. I got some new shoes Lovely Bern orange I imagine these are my toe nails George was laughing at me because I didn't want to try shoes in the shop See the color I thought I was putting my hand inside pretending this was toes and you're like that's really weird And I was like well, no you can't like shut your eyes imagine this is a big thing. I don't think anyone else has ever done that Good idea, right? I'm not that's a big toe this wait that's a big toe Yeah, okay, okay Okay Happy and these were like only 700 pesos like a tenor Wow This was like just over that that's more than we spent on jolly bee today True but it's still cheap for shoes and my other shoes are now in the bin because they When we went to five fingers on that top I hyped in these right stupid didn't realize it was that kind of tall and My feet now because they've stretched out when I was going down the mountain. I'm painting this in a sec Don't worry when we go down the mountain and my feet used to be here now when I walk I do that So it's dangerous. This is basically and I'm walking around my toes like this. Oh, wow And it's not helpful so I fall like don't I fall over me every time we're all the time like tripping and yeah Cool, okay guys. I'm not gonna lie to you By this point I'm feeling a little bit I've been a little bit sick. I'm feeling a little bit full. We just sat down. How are you feeling? I think I'm kind of hungry again Because we haven't eaten much today because when we eat and it's been quite a lot Yeah, and I guess we haven't really been snacking today because I feel like normally we have three months a day And then maybe a couple of snacks. Yeah, but we haven't snacked today because everything's made us feel a bit true We've got to go eat one more meal. I really don't want it and then I mean still early So I might I usually hungry like just for bed. So I might get another little snack later, but We wouldn't recommend doing this by the way. Yeah, health guys They Every meal is probably not a wise decision. We'd still be funny, but I Do worry that if we after doing this day Put ourselves off for life, you know when you know when you drink too much of one alcohol and then you're like ill from it And then you're like oh, I can't drink genuinely more because it's not just you can't control yourself right Let's go for dinner Lucy your hell it's like a Quassal morning. It's like a morning pastry So you just discovered that there's a jolly bee even closer to the one that we went early up Like random way to get there and as we think there's a bit weird Oh, you weren't sure if we meant to be happy. It's all good Small through some back alleys. Yeah, jolly bee here again. It's 24 hours We've got 20 they knew that we were doing the 24 hour challenge. They put 24 hour sign up to encourage us welcoming us here. I Meal three let's do it dinner time. We're gonna go. I don't know. I don't know when chicken again. I don't really feel like chicken I'm hungry early. We are Superbizz, oh We're filming a video today Pancakes Yeah, you get a hot dog Tuna pie I've not seen that before Oh Maybe Do you eat jolly bee much do you eat jolly bee every day? Oh, so you've already done the challenge She just said there's some stupid vloggers in jolly bee making the video I think tomorrow we need to do like the 24 hour salad challenge up to this. What do you think here? Thank you One eight nine I ordered a hot dog without kind of Remembering one of the game of phones episode. Oh George don't say that I'm not gonna give it away that sausages Featured heavily. Thank you. Nice. Thanks so much My first ever burger steak. Thanks. Thank you. My first burger steak. I see me since like the bird. Oh, buddy. How My stomach's like the normal burger See you little mushrooms and then some all these are tiny ones little Spain in my nails guys. What do you think a little Olympia and then some rice? So no chips for me Even though I just ate all of Jordy's chips. Yeah, thanks for that We're sending the vlog right to get two days ago We were gonna get healthier and then we came up with this idea Yeah, I mean it didn't take much much convincing Both of us are like yeah, yeah, let's do that. Let's film that uh more. We're really good for the vlog It's pretty nice It's nice having a different texture today because everything's been quite the same I'm confused what I've never had the burger steak before always looked at it before. No, I want chicken not burger So good so delicious. I do feel though my mixing on some vegetables salad today Uh, I'm missing out some good coffee Um More I think more just like vegetables and stuff. I normally eat quite a lot of vegetable fruit in one day And it's red that I'll go through a day without having like a side that I've got something with That always added or like something that's salad in Um, so like I've had like a fair bit of protein today. I suppose I've definitely had a fair bit of carbohydrates right? We think it was good for energy But I think I need some salads tomorrow maybe salad for breakfast and lunch and dinner tomorrow Been a wee set. Yeah But then that kind of this challenge but McDonald's was pretty good like a whole month to say Yeah, only McDonald's for a whole month and that is something that it can fit you on for life Yeah, and the and the result of that the doctor it was really the movie's called Super size me if you can find it online somewhere recommend seeing it Um, it's not as good as this vlog was Truth you're lucky you got here first. But hi, it's quite a good doctor. I'm in trouble Or why you probably shouldn't eat as much pasta as we do in this world I've enjoyed it today. It's been nice Thanks a lot guys Nice to meet you Cannot believe you back up just for that Pop that out while I was going to leave me We'd already by the way the clip looks like we've just been in it But we'd already gone back to the hotel And we've been back like half And I'm not actually in a thing with you know, we've got some ice cream and I'm like oh yeah never mind And it's like no come with me come with me. It's just down the road to get that Smallest 15 pesos so cheap so we can add that on But I was thinking I said I was I was hungry. I wanted to eat I was gonna go and go to like I don't know Anywhere to buy something and I'll say hang on I can only have a snack from jollybee Ube ube ube ube ube ube ube Ube ice cream is kind of a little pot of perfect stuff and although I thought it would be all purple But it's just purple on top. They told me just the topic now. We've all been back through the black alleys Love it Like guys we did it we did the 24 hour jollybee challenge almost Although actually we're doing our breakfast because technically we can't eat before then There'll be 24 hours. Well let's have jollybee again. Yeah, hope you enjoyed this video So guys if there's any other foods you want us to do this with the 24 hours let us know in the comments And it could be quite fun. Let us know if you think you can do this challenge Would recommend it though by the way. We're not yeah, help us at home the disclaimer We just did this for a little bit fun today. We thought we funny. Thanks for watching please give this video a thumbs up If you enjoyed it subscribe if you're new and you become a video free rating and ice cream game You