 The Philippines are people with love sugar. So even the healthy drinks have sugar in them. Guys look where we are. We are in the famous BGC here in Manila Philippines and look how futuristic this place looks. It is absolutely crazy. In this video, specifically guys, I'm going to be showing you this modern, modern science of the Philippines. Actually, the area where I know the people of Philippines is definitely the most proud of. However, hello my friends. We have some security always so happy to see us. The only issue is of today is raining, which is not great. It literally just started raining as soon as I got here. However, I'm going to do my best to show you around this amazing vibrant place. I feel like I'm literally in New York or London, but it's just crazy. I'll just show you some of the shops that I'm walking past. Like we've got like a alley that's over there. Look at these high-rise buildings over there. Look at that. Absolutely stunning. So anyway guys, let's get this video started. Of course, it's going to be a great one and I can't wait to walk around and show you more of this area. Let's go. Welcome to the Philippines, a country that has been devoted. One of the friendliest countries in the world, a country in the southeast of Asia, with a huge population of 113 million people. A country full of beautiful landscapes that are visited by millions around the world. The Philippines consist of over 7,640 islands of which 2,000 are inhabited. The Philippines is a country that has been devoted to the Philippines. It's a country that has been devoted to the Philippines. So guys, today is a Saturday, so there's a lot of stuff going on. We've seen some of the live music happening here and I'm just walking past like, I think that shop here is absolutely stunning. I don't feel like we know people love to sing. So we've got some karaoke going on. Guys, this area is literally just so, so vibrant. It's full of so many restaurants, shops and even a nice little market here, which just means we can meet some of the locals here and see what they're selling and what we can find. It's nice to see that it's also like a market going on outside all this modern stuff. It has a good mix of everything around the area, unless you're what we can find. It seems like more on the upper scale of the markets here. Kind of like people selling jewellery mainly. Some of the main things I've seen here, is people selling some jewellery. That's nice. Hi. How are you? Nothing here for me. Maybe I can grab a drink. How are you? Are you good? Look at this little guy. I didn't expect to see him. Oh my god, look at this big furry guy. Oh guys, I think I've just found the cuteest top in the whole of the Philippines. Hello. Do you see yours? Yes. Oh my god, he's so cute. Can I, let's go again? Oh my god, look at this. Hello you. We've got five of Christmas here. Hello, he's so cute. What's his name? Is it Boy or Girl? Boy, Moka. Moka. Hello Moka. You are on YouTube. Hello. Oh, he's so cute. How old is Moka? 6. 6 years old. Wow. He's so, touch a good boy. He's just sitting there. Nice. So cute. He's ready for Christmas. Moka is ready for Christmas guys. He needs to get ready for Christmas as well. Are you ready? Oh no. So, that's a good boy. That was nice guys. I wasn't expecting that. Thank you. Nice to meet you. Hello guys. How are you? Oh, what do we have here? We've got some fresh juices. Wow, let's do this. Well, what's the best juice here? Would you recommend? All of them. I can't drink all of them, but I need to choose one. Oh wow. Yeah, just one blueberry, please. Wow, look at this. Hi. What's your name again? Hi, we need to be still here. Nice to meet you. So, this place is called Kulaba. Kulaba, wow. Mixing that sugar. Just a little bit. Not too much. Yeah, that's enough. That's enough. You're trying to be on the diet. I'm getting fat. Too much sugar in Philippine. Oh, there we go. Getting a nice drink. Wow. Thank you so much. Selamat. Selamat. Wow, there we go guys. We've got some fresh juice. Let's try it. Alright guys, we're just getting a photo together. It's a bit of a squeeze to come out of them. There we are. Tachis. Tachis now. Thank you. Thank you. So nice to meet you guys. Alright guys, let's pay for the juice. So, this actually costs a very lemon 95 pesos. Thank you so much. Let's try the juice. Moment of truth. Alright. Wow. That's incredible. No, honestly, that's so good. It tastes like bubble gum. Yeah, it's incredible. Guys, this is like 10 out of 10. You can taste like the berry, the fruit. It all comes fruit so, so nice. Look at that. It's this one here. So if you guys come to BGC, make sure you come and see our lovely ladies here. It's a very empty. Yeah, it's a very, they're going to look after you, but nice berry juice. Thank you so much guys. Thank you. Selamat. Bye bye. The market hunt continues. I'm actually going to come over to a stand here called Tayaki. So, Tayaki Minila. They're basically like these fish pancakes. Let me show you actually what's inside. So, look at this advanced machine. We've got the trocler. Yes, it's carly. So it squeezes the trocler inside. And then this is the batter. Okay. It's what's in here. And this one I'm going to play very charly. Feeling later already. All right, and this one. The batter. Okay, well. So this machine is like super, super advanced. It's literally got all the layout of the fish. It goes there. So let me show you the process. Look at that. Look at this. So advanced. I think I'm going to have to break the diet guys and I'm going to go for two from Adelao. I would like Adelao Arquise. Yeah. So I'll have a... remember guys, that's my favorite word. So there's so much to eat here. And I wasn't expecting this actually coming over to the market to eat and be drinking so many things in the market. I thought it's going to be more like shopping malls. Thank you. Here's the moment of chocolate there. All right guys. It's the moment of truth to try these Tayaki's in Minila. So honestly they smell so so good. The batter is super fresh and it's piping hot. Look at that. It's literally shaped perfectly like a fish. It's really hot so I need to blow a little bit so it can kind of cool down. Whoa. Whoa, hot. That is so so fresh. Well I would say it's piping hot. Some loads of juice. Get the full full flavours in there but it's just you can taste the batter, the chocolate. Let me show you the inside. Look at the chocolate filling inside. It's so so nice. It's so good to see the climate product. It's so so fresh. You can taste all the fresh chocolate, the batter, incredible. Don't have to turn out to turn it this way. But just to give you guys a bit of an idea what it's like when you come here. It's very very different to the rest of Minila when you arrive. You can even have like beautiful shops like Rolex shop. But one thing I do know about this area is that the Philippine people are definitely very proud of it. So many people have recommended it to me in the comments. So I'm happy to be able to show it to the world now. And also show it to the locals here. Because I know there are a lot of people around the Philippines that live quite far away from Minila. I don't usually make it down here. So hopefully you guys can get good insight of what it's like here in the malls. Guys, look at this place. It's literally sky scraper heaven. Just gorgeous. Look at it all over. We've got Shangri-La Hotel there. Ascot Building, as well as an American Express building. Really really stunning place. So I'm going to carry on my walk now guys. Show you a little bit more of this area and see what we can find. So guys, one thing that I found here with the BGC area is actually outdoor shopping and indoor shopping. Which is actually really, really nice when the weather is nice. As well as the cool, beautiful decoration they've got ready for Christmas. Look at that. Wow. And obviously by the time you watch in this video guys, it would have already been Christmas and you would have seen my video with having Christmas with a Filipino family. So guys, let me know if you enjoyed that video and if you actually haven't watched it, press this link up here to make sure you go over and see what it's like for a foreigner to have a Christmas dinner here with a local Filipino family. So guys, one thing I actually was aware of here in BGC is actually split up in a number of different sections. So this section that I'm currently in right now is actually going to Fasio High Street. There's also uptown Bon Fasio. I believe there's one more area as well. And they're all very, very much similar like this. They have like a wide array of cafeterias, restaurants and just so many shops to choose from. Just absolutely blown away. It's basically gorgeous. So guys, having the concept of the outside mall and the inside mall is definitely something that I love. And a lot of it, while I've noticed, a lot of the new places around the world adopt this, because it's just great for places that have that hot climber. Check this out guys, literally restaurants. All over, I've got TGI provided here. Guys, let me know in the comments if you are a fan of the restaurant. And if you're interested in this, please let me know. And if you're interested in this, let me know in the comments if you are a fan of TGI's over here in the Philippines. Because I would be quite curious to know that as well. No, this is quite a few cats in there. Hello. Hello. There you go. That makes sense because it's outside of a pet shop. So outside of the night shop guys, let's see what the difference is, the night is here in comparison to the west. Hi, how are you? Good? How are you? Wow. It's fresh. I don't know if people play basketball over here. We know what a major is. There's one thing I know, basketball is the number one sport here in the Philippines. So everywhere you go, there's a lot of basketball influence. Guys, let's get the lift. The stairs are either the second floor. Quite a second night shop, isn't it? It's really, really nice. They call the fresh crepes that you can imagine here as well guys. Check it. Yeah, one thing I realised is a lot of the trainers are definitely more towards basketball. These are quite sick. Really nice. Holy crap. I wasn't expecting to come out to more rain here. So I might have to spend a little bit more time in that night shop. Look at that. Not sure what's going on guys. Everyone basically said that this time of year is actually not rainy season, but maybe it's always rainy season now here. It's because of global warming. Alright guys, I kind of give up. I didn't want to go inside the mall because I wanted to show you guys the outside, but the weather is just not coping very well. So let's go inside a shopping mall here and see what we're seeing. Alright guys, I've come inside a mall. I'm not sure exactly which one this one is, but it seems quite nice. We've got a like Adi Dassen here with the road next shop. I'm not sure what else we're going to find, but let's see what we're going to see in here. It's got more and nice restaurants here. This is called the Ali by Vikings. Alright guys, so I'm coming to a place which actually is called the Ali Vikings. Hello, how are you? This place is gorgeous, so we've just got like so many restaurants in here. I feel like I'm in like a Harry Potter movie. Look at this place, it's so gorgeous. So we've got like a birthday party going on. Wow, so much restaurants in this place. There's kind of nothing to concept, but it's to look like an old-school biking place. That's why they call it Ali Vikings. Actually every single restaurant here is full, gorgeous. The famous for buffets. There's everywhere you go around here, we've got like so many restaurants at buffets. Look at this place. Look at that. What that is? Pommes de car? It's literally like, I don't know, let me know in the comments box. Is this the whole concept of this place? Like just buffets? Wow, that's a great place. It was honestly so, so fun. Literally every table was full, so much food in there, just so much choice. They've got literally all types of food. And I highly recommend it guys, if you are visiting BGC, stop over there. Probably you can have to book a table because it was really, really busy. It looked like loads of fun. I think it's really fun. It's probably over there. Probably you can have to book a table because it was really, really busy. It looked like loads of families were there. But today is a Saturday, so it is expected that it's going to be that busy. Overall, that's probably my favorite place so far of BGC. It's the Viking Ali. Guys, rain or not, I'm not going to let it stop me. Oh my god, that's cooked too soon. Look how heavy that rain is coming down. Wow. Oh my god, I'm not going to let it ruin this vlog though guys. I'm going to make sure I still show you some awesome things. I'm just literally hiding underneath the shelter right now. Because look at this. It's just a little bit of pouring it down the drain. However, my caballons, one thing I will say that's great about this BGC area. Is they are well prepared for this type of weather? And the reason for that is all of it has the shelter above. So you can cross from one side to the other, hopefully without getting wet. You see? You just go up there, you can cross. So it's not too bad. Oh, look who's here. The most friendly is dog in the world. Oh, I know. Hello. Oh, he's all wet. So cute. Alright, let's make it over to the other side. That trying to get too wet. This is like, I didn't expect it to rain like this guys. As you see, I've come out today. I even iron my shirt for you guys to look fresh. Unfortunately, I'm just getting wet. I'm doing my best to stay out of the rain. Alright, so we are in another beautiful mall here in the BGC. And look at the amount of Christmas trees. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. There's so many beautiful ones. Just one thing I love here about the other Philippines. You know how to celebrate Christmas. One thing I'll say in Philippines, they love white trainers. And so do I. Every more I've gone to, with the most shoes and things that you see on this play, are like nice white flip flops, white trainers. Look at me guys. It's all about white. I think this place is for women only. Hi, how much is that? It's for ladies only, right? I think it's for women only. Oh, is it? Oh, nice. Okay, so I was wrong guys. You see, UniSex. You guys look quite nice. 1,400. Well, it's that tropical mall price. Italian brand. Italian brand. Any discounts today? Bye. Salamat. Alright guys, I'm doing doing this mall screen so far. Let me know in the comments saying, say, I'm enjoying it. And don't forget to like and subscribe because honestly guys, it helps more than you think. And I know most of you when you watch the video, actually forget to subscribe when it's totally normal. I just hope that when I remind you guys you, give it a little click. That's needed. Guys, it looks like we've got a cheeky little pop-up stand here of Calvin Klein. Let's see what we've got here. Comestar, how are you? Okay. Oh, that's mine. That's men's as well. I'm feeling that one, guys. What's the price for this one? $3,450. $3,450. Okay. Is that with the discount, yeah? I'll know this one, I'll know this one. Okay, okay. Okay, no. What do you think, guys? Let me know in the comments. It looks good. It's good? Yeah. Okay. Look, that we have just arrived to the cinema level. So guys, that's something that you can do here in BGC. If you do come here, they've got a huge, huge cinema complex that you can check out. And they've also got 4DX cinema. And for those of you that don't know what that is, if you ever watch the movie, Mr. Bean, that he sat on that chair and he's spinning around, though, crazy and he makes it really fast. That's what it is. If you haven't seen what 4DX is, just search on Google because it is quite cool. That's it, just there. Wow. Oh my God. What I love here about the malls in the Philippines, guys, is that they all have these small, little condiment markets along the way. So I think it's a lot of the local people here in the Philippines that are coming here and selling their products. So hopefully I find something that I like in one of these markets and hopefully I'll support some of these places. It's all we can find first. Hello, sir. How are you? Are these real silver? Or the stainless steel. Stainless steel, right? And they all have 450, yeah. Yeah, it starts at even out stores for $19,000. Okay, awesome. Yeah. Awesome. And here's the real silver. Oh, I don't know what that is. Oh, it's the real silver. Yeah, but I think it's the real silver. The real silver. Oh, the stainless steel. And they all have $450, yeah? Yes, it's worth even out stores for $19,000. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah, they've got some nice princess here, guys. Wow, this looks super nice. Check this out, guys. Let's just give it a try. I think this one looks a bit too funky. What do you think? It's nice. Yeah. We're going to have to think about this one, guys. Hello, how are you? How are you? I'm fine. What's this? This is coffee down. I've been in my hat for an extra bar. That's good. So, what's the real silver? It's a real silver. It's a real silver. How many times have I been in my hat for an extra bar now? So, you can just wind up the strongest coffee. Oh, I've had too much coffee on this lady. I can smell it. Let me smell it. Whoa, that's nice. It's a bit of a fruit of the day. Do you have any that is filtered? Like, with the filter paper? Yeah. With the jet, so you just go up in it and then touch it once. Ah. It's coming already with the filter paper? Yeah. Oh, wow. How many inside? Five. Five only. Yeah. Wow. Wow! Because we sold out yesterday, they didn't have food in them. Really? How much is this? That's what you find in the market, but if you buy time, that's for $2.50. Alright guys, let me grab this coffee here. Pure Caban Barakau. Yeah, Barakau. Where's Barakau? Barakau is a type of coffee. It's strong. From where in the Philippines? Alpatanga. Alpatanga. Ah, okay. It's strong and badananga. Is it far from Manila? Two hours away. Two hours, and it's famous for coffee. Very famous for coffee. Okay. So guys, I'm going to buy some Barakau coffee that's grown in Patangas. Yeah, so guys, you've got pay here as well. She's going to help us with this. So I'll take one of these. Thank you so much. And this is your own like local brand, right? Yeah, it's from our farm. From your own farm. It's like a family business. See, so there you go guys. So that's why I love, like, you have all these beautiful coffee. You have all these beautiful shops in the shopping mall. However, in the Philippines, where you'll find, there's a lot of local stands like this, where it's like a family-run business. So if you are coming to Philippines, maybe just buy one or two things from these markets, because you're supporting the families of the people that come in here and essentially selling the products. Alright, Selah mad. Thank you so much. Bye. Thank you. It's so kind. Really funny. I was actually telling her that. I was looking for that filtered coffee today, over at my hotel. And it's just crazy that I managed to find it here. It tastes really, really good. So I'm looking forward to drinking some of that and getting my energy levels back up. Oh, we've got more markets. What do we have here? There's some men's room in for us. I can't let that start. How are you? Are you good? Wow, were you guys selling here? The man who is a hair styling brand. Hair styling. Ah, okay, okay. Do you have like a spray? Like, I was just a hair spray, yeah. Is it like hot or soft? Light weight. Light weight, yeah. And is it, what's it called? Like greasy or like no shine? No shine. Okay, and one more question. Is this sea salt? Is it like actual salt in my hair? No. Okay, it's not. Okay, so how much is one of these? Three hundred feet. Whoa, it's not cheap. But if you have a band here, like a dumb bit, what would you like to do? Nice and dirty. And then, so, what's this? Oh, it's a cone. Yeah. Okay. And this one is hair cream. So how do I use this? Go inside, like gel, hair gel. It's like liquid. Liquid? Liquid. Okay. Ah. Rub it. You're a bum. Okay, I'll make it your hair. Like a style, hair. Okay. It's nice. Any style? Any style. And then this one is just a spray version. Ah, okay. And what's this? The sampler bang of cone. You don't smell so good. Yeah, can I smell it? Let's give it a smell, guys. Mmm, that's good. This product is mentholic. I mentioned there's like fresh. That's really nice, guys. You are convincing me to buy your whole thing. This perfume scent. It's perfume scent, okay. Yeah, it's more like a spray. It's nice. Guys, their products are really, really nice. And like... No, I guess so if you want. I already have something in my hair. Yeah. And how much is a box like this? The band of one is $670. It's $3. Like the whole box is $670. We'll wait for $1,000. Ah, okay. So $1,000 total. Okay, $1,000. Okay. Quite sold on the cream. I like this one. Can I just buy this? How much is this one? $1,000,000. $4,000,000. All right, guys. So I'm going to buy myself the volumized in hair cream. And because my hair is quite dry. So this is perfect. I don't like doing hair sprays and things like that. It's something natural like this. Where you can just put cream in. Ah, thank you. You're so kind. And guys, make sure when you're coming to Philippines and you come to BGC, check out the Maverick brand. So beautiful family business here. What's your name, guys? Ellie. And Lizzy. Beautiful names. So guys, that's $495 for the cream. All right, guys. Salam Aay. Thank you. Thank you. Oh my God, we have more brands. Oh, this is food. I've got too much. I will come. Wow. Oh, it's so kind. Okay. I'm going to try some juice here as well. Bucha Mama. I like the name. Where did you come up with the name? Your boss. Alright, let's try some Bucha Mama. Wow, it's strong. It's very strong. This is a probiotic. I need some of this. Guys, I've had a bit of a bad stomach over the last few years. over the last few days like I woke up and my stomach feels a little bit rough I ate too much food so now I'm feeling a little bit rough so this one is really nice peach it's really strong wow what's inside the ingredients ingredients any sugar? always in Philippines everything is so about everything the Philippines people love sugar so even the healthy drinks have sugar in it yeah love sweet yeah all right which one is this one mango okay let's try mango cheers cheers you have some as well wow it's so strong yeah it's like a shot a tequila with a tequila or probiotic is there vinegar inside for men to tea I think that's what it is you get like a really strong kick when you back it and it gives you like that vinegar taste hmm how much is a bottle 180 only there is vinegar there yeah no fermented fruits okay I think I like the first one you gave me all right guys so I'm just gonna get some of the peach acca here and it's 180 180 pesos thank you Salam adh it's actually very nice but my wife she's at home today because she's feeling a little bit sick so yeah she has bad tummy yeah thank you very much thank you for every Christmas and what was your name yes yes guys make sure you come in and say hi to test she's so kind all right Salam adh guys thank you so so so kind and by as well guys I'm not gonna buy anything from our lovely lady here because all women's clothes but she's so kind and make sure you come and see this lovely lady she's actually selling so really beautiful tops wow this actually very nice this is your own you make this design your boss okay okay it's very beautiful very beautiful thank you see you guys bye bye very Christmas what lovely people see this is what I mean when you come to like any malls here in Philippines do support the locals that actually work here because it really does help them you know so I'm very happy today so far with how this video has gone I hope you guys have enjoyed it up until now and if you have don't forget to subscribe and I will see you all on the next episode here in the Philippines