 YA cyanide Wow! This is the coolest road ever but it's already starting to get quite cold. Canon roads, Yelviar on Canon Road right now. It's quite cloudy over there at the mountain. Wow! Where are you from? From Hungary. As soon as we entered Badió, there's what I've been dreaming about. Which is Trabó Börítáho. The lions had this very large. I'm so happy to see it in real life because I've been always seeing so many photos of it and how it's here. The bell comes in of Badió. I'm so happy that there's already Trabó Börítáho. There's the best Trabó Börítáho. I love Ríá Táho which is like tofu and saagó pearls and brown sugar syrup. I was so excited to try the Badió strawberry version and it's like an extreme upgrade even better than the regular one. And the view makes it even better. We've been in Badió for five minutes. I already love it. Pixel's first time in Badió. Pixel! What do you think of the view pixel? It's awesome! So finally we are in Badió and I'm so happy because I've been wanting to come here for many many years. Now I've been always thought since the first time I came to the Philippines that Badió is an awesome place. Finally I got to visit so I'm super super happy. And Jonathan said that it's like a rare time now because there are no tourists so much. Not much. There's still up to you but not as much as usual. Yeah so that's very cool. And so far I'm already so surprised because I was so glad that the weather is of course going to be different here and things like that. But I was still not like prepared how different like the whole place. It literally doesn't look like the Philippines so far at all and the temperature also doesn't feel like the Philippines. And it's raining a little. Yeah. Yeah we have double layer hoodie and raincoat but it's not much of a rain so I think we are going to be fine. We are in Camp John Hay right now and we are trying to find the echo trail. I will see later when we are more like in the city area but so far it's like super not Philippines looking like at all. So you like it so far? Yeah so far. It's just so cool the whole mountain roads that was leading here like everything is so cool and really I'm so surprised that how different it looks so. I'm very excited and curious to see how the whole place is. Big Salizo is also enjoying by the way. She's here. Oh that's pretty. This trip is going to take long if I'm stopping at every flower. So many horses. The echo trail was unknown because we are not dressed for it and it's super muddy. My pants and shoes are already so muddy. So we are going to explore the area with sidewalks so we will see what we can find but the whole environment already is just really cool. This is the picnic grounds with super pretty view and we are having a picnic. Pixel is taking it already without asking she's very hungry. Yeah. Welcome to Hungary. Last time when I was still in Hungary we took a hike with one of my best friends and the place where we were hiking looked so much like this video at this point. My interest so now that I keep going around here just I keep remembering Hungary. It's super Hungary looking. Even the style of like this forest houses. Super super pretty. Mm-hmm. Pixel look at this. She's looking very much. She got so excited. You are excited. She already knew that we are entering a restaurant area. It's really cool combo as there are like shops in the middle of this beautiful nature area. There are also like restaurants but we just ate at the picnic grounds. So just picked up some yummy jico donuts. So nice. It's good donut. We are trying to find our next location but the weather is not cooperating at the moment. Hoping is going to stop soon. It's super super steep road. It's super steep road. It's super steep road. It's so steep. There is finally stop then. We are trying to find places but the city is quite confusing for us. We are not familiar with Baguio but we just parted. Lorde's Grotto. There are so many passengers. Yes, hello and rooster here. This is like a thousand steps that you can climb until it's not sure if it's a thousand or around a thousand. Looks like a thousand. We just spotted it and going to check it out. But there's these signs everywhere. It's very unfair signs. So we are carrying a little box of the pixel. No walking now. Oh, there's nice. I'm cutting my breath. We are not in a hurry. We are resting. We are the stairs we climbed. I'm sure the view will be so cool. Now I have a determination to climb these stairs. We are quite fit. I would say since we are hiking a lot but stairs are my enemy. It's really hard. Oh well, nice view. It's already pretty from here. And now that I've been to the main city of Baguio since we went through a lot of the main roads while searching for these places, I still have the feeling that it's so different looking. This place and other areas of the Philippines. Of course, there are still typical Philippines things but still. What I mean is that it's the most different looking place where I've been so far in the Philippines. So that's pretty cool. It's different but it's also very pretty everywhere. Even the city's shape is so, so, so different here. So pretty. Oh well, looking at the view we found another tourist spot. Mirado Heritage and Echo's spirituality part. So we are going here also. Since we are spiritual. We are very spiritual. Let's go. Wow, the view here is also so cool of the city. Oh, I love how it looks and over that it's already the mountains. That's so unique looking. I really like it. Wow, that's so pretty. I like this view here because the houses on the side of the mountain are still visible but as well as the mountains itself. Like I always say, like the camera. I can see through the lens but it doesn't even look half as pretty as in real life. It can capture how awesome it looks. Luckily this place is pet friendly and that's a deciding factor for us. We are resetting out to multiple spots but they don't allow to show. No pet friendly? No, no. Oh no, the rain is clearly coming. Yeah, it's here again. We can even hear how the rain is hitting the ground over that. The rain is already down there. Yes, it's approaching very fast so that's fine. Oh yes, it's already raining. There is a little rain here in like one second. Oh no. I can literally see how it's moving. It's so cool. It's so cool. Bye, see you. Not the best but really cool to see. It's very spotty guys. The bug is gone by. We are literally inside of a huge storm cloud. Super cool though especially since we could see the few minutes ago. Yeah, we thought about coming slow. Yeah, so we know the different. We are just hurrying to one of the if-go houses to rest. But we are going to our if-go cubo. Excellent. We are home. She's happy and she likes it. This view is also gone from the clouds. We are stuck again for now but that was super cool to see how the clouds overtop the whole place. Victor, you love it here? She thinks something is coming. It's not a restaurant. I'm sorry. But it's a famous restaurant. Yes, it's not a restaurant. I'm sorry. And that's how our first bug you're tip. And that the rain was just getting stronger and suddenly it was promised to stay for the upcoming days as well. Originally we wanted to stay for multiple days but bug you is such an amazing place that we decided to not waste this experience with this bug weather. We realized that it's a lot easier and quicker to get here than we thought. Anyways, so we will be back in a few months when the rainy season is over for a longer time. But on the way back we still got to see some inside roads in the city and it was so unique looking and quite interesting as well as the rain was flooding the tight and steep mountain roads. So it made us sure in our decision to come back some other time instead even more. And the way home was still quite adventurous as the whole road was covered in clouds and the visibility was almost zero at some point. But we made it and we are super super excited to be back. Until then please give us all of your recommendations what should we check out in bug you next time. And in the whole province because next time we want to go up north even further. But this is all for this video. I hope you liked it. If you did then please subscribe and we will see you next time in the next vlog. Bye!