 Filipino food! Top 15 dishes you can't miss. Stick around. That's what we're gonna talk about today. Hey guys, before we get started with today's video, just want to ask a favor. If you weren't, please give the video a like and please subscribe if you haven't done so already. We thank you in advance and we thank all of you who have done so already. So without further ado, let's get to the video. All right, you two friends welcome back. You would say to Philippines life channel with your host me Mike, another edition. Today we're gonna switch gears a little bit, a little lighter topic, but one that is near and dear to all of us, something that we all need to survive and that's food. In particular, Filipino food. I know I've heard from some of you guys that don't like Filipino food. That's your thing. I happen to like it. I could eat Filipino food every day. I know I did a video. I'll put it up here about the guys don't eat like a Filipino. It's good food, but know what you're eating. Know that some of that stuff we have to westerners. Everybody Filipino still. We have to eat a lot of that stuff with moderation because not the healthiest food, but it is very delicious. I'm gonna be sharing an article that I found that I liked. I also shared it in the Facebook group. You would say to Philippines life Facebook group that I invite everybody to join. Don't cause nothing and it's another place where we can have a little discussion and I share a lot of cool articles like this, current events, news, all things. Philippines related and invite all the members to do the same as well. So this comes out of authenticfoodquest.com and it was suggested to me on my phone which I kind of liked because I love Filipino food. It's a Filipino food guide. Teen authentic Filipino dishes that you have to have and I tend to agree on some of them, some of them maybe not so much. I'm interested to hear from you in the comments about these dishes and your thoughts. So leave down in the comments you know your experience with these delicious foods, your thoughts, I love them, hate them. You know how to make them, your wife or girlfriend makes it, I love to hear it. Also, this is the case in the US and Europe and UK, Australia I'm sure, I don't know that much about Australia. I knew I have some Australian viewers so if you could chime in, let us know. I'm sure it is the same case in Australia that the foods are a little different and various parts of your country. It's the same thing here in the States. Now I live in Northeastern New Jersey. It's got a big Italian-American population here so it's easy to get great. Actually, that was the case when I was a little kid but because New York, I'm right outside New York 20 minutes away if there's no traffic, you can get authentic food from anywhere in the globe in New York. So I've had that growing up which is pretty awesome. Out West, southwest part of the United States, you're going to find a lot of great authentic Mexican foods. Here we have a tendency to have a lot of good Italian foods seem to be prominent in this region. Now the same in the Philippines, the styles of cooking and recipes vary from area to area. As is the case, you might not chicken a dough bowl in Manila and find it very delicious and then maybe go down to General Santo City and have it prepared in a totally different way equally as delicious. So I'd love to hear from those of you that are there if you've experienced those differences in the taste and the way that the food is prepared. And all my wife makes a dough bowl. It's a dough bowl is a dough bowl but my wife has a little style of cooking it that I love. So with a dough bowl that we're talking about a dough bowl, that is the number one. A dough bowl, Philippines National Dish, chicken a dough bowl, pork a dough bowl. I hear they make a dough bowl out of anything. I'm not going to say what I've heard them make a dough bowl out of but yeah I've heard them make a dough bowl out of some meats that necessarily we wouldn't think of as food here in the western world but without getting into that too deeply. Definitely a great food that I enjoy and definitely one that if you're trying to get acquainted with the Philippines sooner or later, if you've not already, you're going to experience a dough bowl and it's awesome. The next one, number two, synagogue, synagogue. Okay, it's a sweet and sour Filipino soup. Honestly for me, it's not one of my faves. I will eat it. It's okay. It's not one of my favorite dishes. My wife loves it. Most Filipinos love synagogue. It's like, and I've been in restaurants with my wife and the family over there in the Philippines and they get synagogue and it comes in a big ceramic thing and everybody has some. It's definitely a big thing. My wife makes it sometimes here for herself. Again, it's not one of my favorites but it's number two on the list. So what does that tell you? The next one is one that I do like. Pork sea sig and I know I've heard some of you guys in my other video that are into the sea sig as well. It seems like western guys kind of dig this dish. It's kind of good. It's kind of porky, you know, a little crispy bacon kind of thing going on there but it's very good and not the happiest thing in the world for you but it's delicious. I love seeing it at number three on this list because it's one of the things that I will eat if I'm in a Philippines. Even here, we have our place we like to go. Tropical hub may wood in New Jersey if you're in the area. Great Filipino food. They sometimes offer pork sea sig. I did see squid sea sig when I was in the Philippines. It didn't have any. I'm not a big squid eater but you would think being an Italian American with the calamari or calamari as people say that aren't Italian American. You know, yeah, I'm not a big fan of calamari or calamari as we call it but sometimes the fried ones I'll do but it's not one of my favorite things but yeah so they have squid sea sig too. So comment below if you've had the squid sea sig and tell us what you think of it and where you had it. Number four, dineguan. If I'm saying it wrong, correct me. dineguan. Savory pork blood stew. My wife gets this all the time. They have it at that restaurant I mentioned that we go to all the time. She loves it. Again, not one of my faves. You know, I know the Italians cook with blood too. It's something that I've not really gotten into. It's not my thing. It's number four on this list. You know, are you a fan of it? Is it one of your favorite things? Leave it in the comment. Love to hear it. But yeah, not one of my favorites. So it's supposed to be good. Looks interesting. It's very dark in color. I'm going to show photos of these dishes as well which you've probably been seeing as I've been talking. Number five on the list. The very popular Lachon. All right. Let's hear it for Lachon. We all love Lachon. You love Lachon. I love Lachon. I mean, come on. When we were there in the Philippines, the last visit a couple of years ago, it was like a combination of my stepdaughter, the stepson, my wife, I and our little cousin. We all have birthdays in November. So we were all there early November and we had a huge party. Plus, it was around all Saints day. So we had a huge party, tons of food. We sprung for the Lachon. We had a whole Lachon. It was the first time I experienced that. It was very, very cool and very, very delicious. We can get it here in New Jersey. It's a special order. If you want the whole thing, I've not done that. We don't have that many people around us. Unfortunately, as I've mentioned, it's just my wife and I. So it's really, but we do get the Lachon Kuali, which is the fried Lachon. But if you have not experienced Lachon, proper Lachon, you're missing out. It's number five. I would think it'd be higher on the list in front of that blood stew. But nevertheless, this is authenticfoodquest.com's list. And they put it at number five. Number six on the list, Kuala Kuala, meets doing peanut sauce. I don't know if I've had this. I look familiar to me. You're seeing the photo right now. It looks familiar to me. I think I have, but it's not something that pops into my mind. It says here, with thick and creamy peanut sauce, there is no mistake to save the goodness of Kuala Kuala. It is another famous Filipino dish, just recently made of ox tail. However, regional variations can include beef, pork, goat, and chicken. So they have it. It looks kind of Kuala, and I had stuff that's this color. But I think that was curry that I had. That was that color, curry chicken. So let's move on. Number seven, peanut bet. Again, it could be butchering this, but it looks delicious. I've not had this dish. It's on my list to try. It looks fantastic. But they've got it at number seven. Pinak bet is a Filipino dish originating from the Locos region, the Ilocano meal. The name of the dish is an Ilocano word derived from the term Pinak bet or shrimp or shrivel. So it's shriveled mixed vegetables in shrimp sauce. This traditional dish consists of mixed vegetables such as string beans, egg plant, okra, bitter melon, and winged beans. So it looks interesting. It definitely does, if not had it. This is something, and that's why this article grabbed me because this stuff on his list that I've not had yet. I definitely want to try. So let us know in the comments if you have experienced pinak bet and what you thought of it. So let's move along. Number eight. Now this I have had and I'm going to tell you about that chicken in a saw, chicken barbecue. And they actually show and you're seeing it right now, manganasal. One of my favorite places to go into Philippines manganasal with the bottomless rice. You heard that if you've not been to the Philippines yet and you love rice, you're going to love manganasal. I don't know how they prepare that chicken. It is delicious. It's the best, oh it's very very very good. They serve it on the stick, what you're seeing right now. But they come around, you know like in the US if you're in a cafe or a diner and you have in breakfast and the waitress will come around with the coffee pot. More coffee sir. More coffee sir. Well over there at manganasal, the guys got a big old bucket under his arm. More rice sir. More rice mom. I was like, what? And they also have a couple of sinks in the back of the place and everybody gets up, washes their hands before because you eat in this all with your hands. They do have the silverware. I did do American style and ate with the US. But I did American style slash Filipino because I ate with the pork and spoon. No knife. And you need to learn how to do that if you're heading to the Philippines. I kind of like, well first time I experienced was like, what is the knife? But I've learned now how to do it and I kind of like it and we like that here every day. We put a fork and a spoon out and that's it and that's how I eat now. Unless I'm eating some good steak and in that case I put the steak knife out. But yeah, if it's really good steak, you should be able to pull it apart with the fork and spoon. But yeah, chicken and a salt. Chicken and a salt commonly known as in a in a salt is the Philippines famous barbecue or grilled chicken. It is from the Vesias region celebrated in Bacolid City where it is affectionately fared to as chicken or a monocon country. Chicken and a salt. Check this article out. I'll put the link to the article in the description. They go into a little bit more the history of each of these dishes. We're only on number eight. So let's get on with it. I'm surprised this one is down on the list this far because this is a staple. Pant seat. Chinese influence in Filipino noodles. And I've had Pant sit in so many different ways but it's definitely good. It's one of those things. You don't want to eat too much of if you're like me and you like food too much. If you're somebody who stays active and you're in really good shape and you got great metabolism and you can eat all kinds of food and not gain anyway, go for it. For me, this is one of those dishes I eat very, very sparingly because I like it so much that I could really go overboard with it. And they say every region in the Philippines has its own take on the quintessential Filipino food called Pant seat. As I said, there's a lot of variations. There's a lot of styles. It's very cool. And if you plan to travel around the Philippines, you can kind of map your trip and have Pant seat at these different places and it's going to be a little bit of a different spin on it. So very cool. I'm surprised this is that far down in number nine on authentic food quest.com's list of 15 Filipino foods that you can't miss. Let's move on. Number 10. Kinna la Filipino Kavish. Again, if I put you the name, let me know about it in the comments because there's another one I don't think I've had. Seafood plays an important role in Filipino dishes and Kinna la raw seafood appetizer. It's a ubiquitous dish prepared in all corners of the country. Kinna la can be described as the Filipino version of Kavish. Process of marinating fish dates back thousands of years. Kinna la a sour cooking described the oldest method in the Philippines. So as I'm reading this, I think I did experience something similar. It was like a pickled fish I had in Ilo Ilo. It was pretty good. But this, I'm going to show you this picture. You'll see it's kind of interesting with the red onions and looks like there's cucumber in there. Um, it looks interesting. I'd be giving it. I'd, it looks interesting. I don't think I've had it this way. I'd be interested to take a little forkful and see what I thought of it. Let me know in the comments if you've had it or you make it or if you like it, love it, hate it. It's another one of those dishes that I don't have a lot of experience with. But if they're putting it at number 10, it says like we can't miss these dishes. So I will definitely try it at the first opportunity. Let's move on. Number 11, another shocker, another shocker that this is not further up on the list because everybody loves lumpia. All right, and I think everybody knows lumpia, lumpia, said known Filipino spring rolls. And again, they're prepared all different ways, but similar. The one that you're seeing right now, I've never experienced this one this way. It looks quite different from the ones that I've had. Um, the ones we get most of the time are a little, little mini spring roll looking things with pork inside. Very yummy. And the dipping sauce is like a ketchup sauce with something. I'm not sure what goes in it, but very, very, very yummy. It lumpia is one of the dishes, uh, early, again, and early introduction to Filipino cuisine. I had never had it before. Um, it is wonderful. I'm sure you've had it. If you've not, I'm, I'm interested who's not had it. If you've not had lumpia, believe that in the comments because I want to hear that you didn't have lumpia. If you haven't, you definitely got to have it because it's fantastic out of this world. lumpia is Filipino version of spring rolls. They are derived from Chinese spring rolls and are believed to have spread throughout South East Asia with Chinese immigrants. And again, Philippines, awesome, has so many influences. Spanish, Western, American, Chinese, uh, Japanese, lumpia. I can't say enough nice things about lumpia. Again, something that I can't eat a lot of and eat all the time. But when the opportunity presents itself, I never pass up on an opportunity to enjoy some lumpia. I need this to do. So let's get on with number 12, number 12, Longanisa, Filipino sausage from Alaska. Fan, another one, fantastic. I love the Longanisa. I mean, I can't say enough good things about that. It's delicious. It's yummy. Yeah, you see in some photos over right now. No Filipino breakfast is ever complete without Longanisa. The country's version of pork sausage. Very good. Again, leaving the comments. Had it didn't have it. Love it. Hate it. Love to hear what you think. No number 13, we're going to get into a little street food here. And this is one that I do know, but it's one that I have not brought myself to try yet. I'll put it in the category with Balloute. It's just one of those things. You know, I've not done it yet. And this is Issa. Issa, I think it's pronounced that's grilled chicken intestines. It's supposed to be delicious. Again, I've seen it. It's not. I don't think my wife and I have ever been out on the street walking around and I've seen her grab one and eat it and said, he had tasted this. This is one of those things. But I know it's popular. I know it's everywhere. Topseller among Philippine street foods, grilled chicken intestines, locally called Issa are not to be missed. Again, if I said it wrong, I apologize. I'm sure someone will correct me, but yeah, grilled chicken intestines, street food. Very popular. As is Balloute. I'm not a Balloute guy. I've not done the Balloute thing yet. Who knows if I do, I will probably do it on video so that you guys can see my reaction to Balloute. Might do it here. The restaurant, one of the restaurants we go to local actually has Balloute. So maybe we'll do it here one day. Oh, and I spoke too soon. It's number 14 on the list is you guessed it. Balloute, a controversial street food. Isn't that funny? But yeah, here's a nice photo of it. Hmm looks yummy, huh? I was told by a local in Eloylo that eating the chick part of it is for tourists. I don't know because I know people who love it and eat the whole thing. So I don't know if that's true or not. I'm talking to the guys not from the Philippines now. Have you eaten Balloute? I want to hear from you. If you're eating it, if you're not eating it, did you love it, did you hate it? I'm not done yet. Balloute is another famous street food and Filipino delicacy. It has its origins in China and is also popular in Vietnam. Other South East Asian countries. Controversial, it's controversial. I love that. Another one that I've mentioned that definitely I could see is rounding up the list with good reason for doing so. Hallohalo, number 15, the Filipino dessert you must have. The Hallohalo is famous and traditional Filipino dessert. A traditional ice dessert it is considered the unofficial national dessert of the Philippines. The name means mix mix and a shaved ice layered with a variety of ingredients. Call of full bivertue of the ingredients. Hallohalo includes boiled sweet beans, coconut, two birds fruit and more. It's definitely awesome. Especially when it's hot out. It's a good thing. There are some other Filipino desserts that I love that aren't on the list. One of my favorites, cassava cake, biko. Love ube biko. Those are two desserts that I really, really, really like. They didn't make the list but they're fantastic. I get them quite a bit. There's others that I just don't know the name of. Not to mention if you're in the Philippines, that we have one here, the red ribbon, all the various ube cakes. And if you have a red ribbon near you or you've not been to a red ribbon while we're on a topic of dessert, although it's not on the list, I'm going to give it a plug anyway because it's one of my favorites. The red ribbon mango cake. Woo-ho! Really, really good. You got to try that. And next time we get some of that, I don't get it often for good reason because if I get it, I'll eat the whole cake. I love cake, sweets, you know, it's not good so I don't do it. But yeah, their mango cake is very, very, very good. So there you have it. 15 Filipino dishes that you can't miss. Very, very, very good article. I shared it. Again, I said I shared it in our Facebook group. I thought it was worth worth doing a video about. Take a little break from the cost of living in the Philippines that I've been working on and some of the travel stuff that's been going on as things begin to open up and the reality of potentially heading back to the Philippines, looking more promising. We're looking at a spring summer 2022 return to the Philippines, which you guys are all coming with us. I can't wait. I'm already starting to compile some gear and things that I think I'll need. I've never done a vlog on the road before. If you have and you have any, any pointers, leave in the comments, love to hear and what will you do in videos as time unfolds as we approach that time. I'll let you guys know when we actually have the made the reservations for the flight. And I'm going to do another video and talk about the things. What our plans are between now and that trip and reasons why we're not ready to fly now. Small process things that we have to take care of before that time comes. With that, going to wrap this video up, please give it a like if you liked it. Appreciate it. Check out some of the other videos. Give them a like too. Helps the channel greatly. If you've been checking out our videos, but you've not subscribed yet because we can see in the analytics, we have a lot of viewers that aren't subscribed. Please consider doing so. It really helps the channel out a lot and it's going to help me unlock the community feature of the YouTube channel where I can communicate with you all in between uploads so I can keep the dialogue going based in in between and I can ask you guys questions. Give me ideas what you guys just want to see on videos that we do. So really marching towards hitting the 500 subscriber mark. We're very close. So please consider subscribing today and a big thank you to all of you that have subscribed already. We really, really appreciate it and we love having you along on our journey. As we always like to say at the end of the videos, mean it from the bottom of our hearts. Stay well. Stay safe. Stay blessed. We're going to see you real soon with another video and we thank you very much for watching.