 What is up ladies and gentlemen it's flying kale here with another vlog people I am back in Manila in Mandalu young my second home at this point love being back Such good vibes here the weather is fantastic super comfortable Right now I'm waiting for my grab I'm going to head over to Makati because I'm gonna try out the famous Filipino dish Chicken adobo for the very first time guys and there is this restaurant that people have recommended I go it is meant to be Incredible it's meant to bring chicken adobo to a whole mother level sounds like a great place for me to have my first Very first chicken adobo experience, so I'm really excited And the grab has arrived Very nice and modern car let's get in hello sir Okay It's just past one I have not eaten at all yet today So I'm gonna be filling up that tummy real soon go to monster It's meant to be a really like hip place. It's very well designed I'm really really curious to see what it looks like and apparently it's not too expensive either so that's always a good thing Yeah, we are almost there people and I'm very happy because my stomach is literally starting to eat itself right now So hungry. Oh, yeah, I see it Just lie there people You jump in the grab you sit in the grab you jump out of the grab and you're right at where you need to be what a beautiful invention This looks really cool. Wow. It just stands out. It has like this bright red and white color scheme. So you really notice it Guys the smell dude, there's a party in my nostrils right now because this smells incredible I smell like countless Spices and flavors and holy moly guys. I can't wait they have their own t-shirt All right, let's not wait. Let's order. Hello. How are you? You're good. Okay good. I Hurt that the chicken adobo is very very delicious here. Yeah, is this true? Okay, it's true people. It's true. Can I get one chicken adobo please? Sure? And the bottle of water One chicken adobo and one water bottle 200 pesos All right, we did the order guys step one is complete the mission still continues And they have far far more food here people they have go-to beef tripe not sure what that is Pork bug net sea log chicken bug net sea log chicken adobo sea log C6C look they got all the sea logs guys. They have all the sea logs But we're we're starting off with chicken adobo today and who knows? Maybe we'll just come back and try the all the sea logs as well at some point All the bowls and the spoons are right here ready so the food can be thrown into it and we can start eating very Efficient so there's two sections to this restaurant. This was the smaller section I'm gonna go and head over to the larger section which is right here. This is just a lot of tables and a lot of seats Hello Hey, are you good? Yeah, I'm excited. Thank you. Thank you. I'm excited about trying this out I heard many good things only good things actually the lucky number for today number five We are seated guys in this awesome room with just bright red and white and look at all the sauces that they got so much sauce Just Bottles and bottles and bottles of what I assume is like Filipino vinegar and soy sauce So I know that at least I'm not gonna be out of soy sauce today as we are eating There's this really funny and awesome face looking over us making sure we're all happy and our Tommy's are being filled off I feel like it's a motherly figure, you know feeding her children In a country like the Philippines you got to stay hydrated people Some amazing Some cold water, but I feel like there's a little bit of a flavor in there. That is really really refreshing I don't know if my mind's playing tricks on me, but maybe at go-to monster they even work their magic on the water My suspicions about the water work correct Apparently there are a bun tang leaves in the water That's what gives it a nice smell and that nice little taste that it has to look at what each and every single table It go to monster guests. These really really cool little bottles with like a whole variety of sauces I don't know what they are, but they all look so cool I don't know which sauce I'm gonna be using for my chicken adobo guys A BuzzWire challenge that you can do as you wait for your food and you can even win a prize If you go one way you win a free ice cream and if you go to the end and back to the beginning again You get a free t-shirt Let's give the BuzzWire challenge a spin I feel people But to be fair I have to hold the camera with one hand and do the BuzzWire challenge with another so It's a little bit more complicated for me, all right? So let's get back to the table Just done with the BuzzWire challenge straight into a beautiful chicken adobo guys This looks so good and it smells good to guys It smells like beautiful chicken that's been like just put into like loads of different spices and herbs and Got in this really distinct flavor. It smells it smells a bit savoury So I'm assuming it's gonna be more towards the savoury side of things And then we got a beautiful little egg with soft yellowy yolk So salad on the side as well and we have some lovely sauce smack bang in the middle of the dish It looks like a little piece of art Now if there's one thing I've learned being in the Philippines is that you mix everything up You can't eat stuff separately, so I'm gonna start with that And Just like that guys everything is hallow hallowed up one thing I noticed as I was pulling the chicken off the bones is It's so juicy. It's so tender. It literally just dropped off the bone It looks delicious and it's quite a good portion as well, so I think this will solve my hunger problem right now I'll definitely be using the sauce that came with it And I think the additional sauce I'm gonna use out of these five bottles is I'm gonna pick the spiciest looking one Because I love spicy. Okay guys, we're going through the bright red one bright red usually means spicy Now for the most important part of a food vlog actually eating the food This my friends is what you call an epic spoon full of delicious stuff That is so incredibly good on mine blown right now guys my mind Is blown just blown right now so good The The rice that you get with it is not regular boiled white rice. It's garlic rice. It's just delicious So good the garlicy flavor of the garlic rice Together with a little bit of a soury taste with the salad because I think there's some soy sauce in there And then you get the savory egg taste the egg white and the egg yolk and then on its rice he thrown sits King chicken adobo in this little Filipino food kingdom. Let's just take some separate chicken adobo right now It's so tender. It's so juicy. It has this really really distinct flavor. I think it's typical Filipino I don't think you can replicate this anywhere else and it is delicious. So good All right guys as I am making my way through this amazing feast of a dish The other sauce bottles are just looking at me all disappointed that I didn't choose them So I think we should try another sauce. All right, so we already put this one on here the spicy tenapa and for the second sauce guys I have the choice between the toyau the baguim the suka and the pate's I'm not sure if I said that right. I probably mispronounced every single one of them. I think I'm gonna go with the suka This one was just looking extra nice at me. So that's why We have suka added up here. It's chicken adobo dish. All right guys. I'm nice spoonful with suka sauce added to the mix Mmm That suka sauce just adds a tiny teeny little soury twang to the dish and I think I made the right choice Because it's a great addition. That is delicious. This is a party of flavors. Just having a grand old time in my mouth right now. It's amazing The very last bite And I am done with my first ever chicken adobo. I don't know if it was the chicken adobo Or whether it was go-to monster because I've never had chicken adobo before anywhere else But this what I just ate is incredible As you can see guys the vibes here are just super chill. It's really relaxed. They have fans Cool us down as you're sitting here and you're eating We got to appreciate the fans people the fans do so much for us. They keep us cool when we're hot That ice cream looks amazing Maybe I need to try some ice cream here myself All right guys this other customer right next to me just told me that the ice cream is homemade and it is amazing So I think we should order some ice cream here at go-to monster. Let's check it out. Let's see what they got All right, let's check out the ice cream menu. Can I see the ice cream menu? Oh sure here Oh good sorry They have a dedicated ice cream menu here. This is all homemade. Yeah, it's homemade guys. Which one do you recommend? We have a sweet potato with sesame seeds and I could also recommend the guineta al halo halo Oh, halo, halo ice cream. Yeah, exactly. This heat it's perfect. Yeah guys. I'm convinced. I am convinced I'm gonna take the halo, halo ice cream. Okay. I'll have one of those please. Thank you. How much is that ice cream? 60 pesos for some homemade ice cream guys. Let's do it. The order has been made and let's get back to our Comfortable and familiar seat. What's flavors did you get? Oh, I got the halo, halo as well. Good choice? If the locals are eating it, then you know it's gonna be good. Thank you The ice cream is homemade in its own custom packaging as well Everything here is done with care and you see that they really care about the quality here Because this is all just top. All right, so there's a special technique. They have to use to pull this off. Let's come it Oh look at that. You can instantly see that that is homemade ice That looks incredible. It's purplish. Let's see if it tastes amazing as well This is a special ice cream guys and this is really really good You've got to eat it fast guys because it's so hot here. It's gonna melt Not that that's difficult because this is delicious. So it's gonna be I'm gonna eat this real fast anyway It's really really creamy super delicious. Yeah, and this is halo halo flavor guys So it's just a mix of all these different things I wouldn't be able to tell you what's in here because halo halos just so diverse in what's in there And as a non-filippino, I do not comprehend what goes into halo halo It's pretty much a Filipino state secret what goes into halo halo because it is so good They don't want to share that secret with anybody else because otherwise all the people would be having halo halo too And it's too good to share people. I don't feel like sharing this ice cream right now. It's just too good And just like that the home made Halo halo ice cream is gone as well So I was just told that the halo halo ice cream here It's made out of purple yam banana jackfruit cream and a bunch of other things But those are some of the main ingredients. I am so satisfied my tummy is full guys It has loads of beautiful tasty Filipino food inside chicken and dobo with garlic rice and egg and a beautiful little Halo halo ice cream on the top All right guys our chicken and dobo adventure is over let's head out All right go bye All right thank you very much Yes, I will definitely be back because that was incredible how are you? Good? Fine okay Everybody here Makati is fine. Okay guys We're out on the street the weather is gorgeous Go to monster the food was amazing the ice cream was amazing They put so much thought and care into what they're doing. I highly recommend it around fantastic experience If you want to keep up to date with flying kel travels don't forget to follow me on instagram And if you enjoyed this episode don't forget to like the video share it with your friends Subscribe to my channel Hit the bell and then my lovely people. I shall see you guys in the next episode Peace out take it easy