feature friday. the freshest. okay so spoiler alert i have heard this song i've never seen the
video but i have heard this song um i play a lot at home so we're pretty familiar with this but
this is the highest grossing if this is called hello goodbye the ost yeah um we can check out
would you probably check out the trailer because he does have this thing is like the trailer will
play lonely like like a little bit i've heard this song 17 million times
weren't this their marriage vows that's what i was gonna say they got i think they got married to
this is in america is it or they have in the philippines i think they might have they're
very popular we don't even have that here we have cost cutter or spa and your indian what do you
call it convenience stores yeah kiosks which i just went to and bought an adapter kiosks they're
very convenient i endorse those shops even though sometimes they do have a price
fucking got my eye on you boss man who what but if you're nice then they actually lower the prices
they're very nice people awesome
foreign
oh there are freaking subtitles 10 out of 10 just just for that i would
yeah
Maybe it was another dialect.
OH MY GOD! ANA YOUNG!
You see how easy it was when I saw this movie?
It was like, wow!
You only need the one-liners, and I'm like, I'm in.
I gotta tell you though, these movies, I would love to watch.
Like, genuinely, it would be so fun to watch this with you.
I think I would crack the fuck up.
Cause in your reaction in the moment, and also,
I never get to watch or experience cinematography at that,
not the level, but I never get to experience that style of cinematography or movies.
I also feel like you don't watch enough.
Let me tell you something about myself.
I don't go on my phone that much.
Barely, I can check my white screen time on Instagram, 10 minutes.
And all the videos that Valeska sends me, all the funny videos,
or when I feel like I have a duty as well now, thanks to all your support,
to try and check as many messages as I possibly can.
It's not that hard actually to go through them.
I spend like 5 minutes doing that, 10 minutes doing that.
It's very efficient.
Same request, same request.
Wish me a happy birthday, happy birthday son.
Say hello, hi.
Or if people message me and stuff, or friends and stuff, and come off it.
That's number one, I don't go on my phone that much.
And number two, I don't watch movies.
Or series.
Nothing, I just, I like YouTube.
I like watching YouTube and podcasts and stuff like that and reading.
But I don't watch, I don't do any of that shit.
And I think that's why my brain, it's...
Underdeveloped.
Loser.
Yeah, I don't know.
Why would you miss out by curiously living through other people's stories?
Because I like to have shared experiences.
I don't like to do it alone. If I'm going to do something,
like this year is the year where our parents live, there's a big cinema.
And it's the first time that we've gone to the cinema that much.
I mean, it's not like in London there's no cinemas.
I mean, we have some of the biggest and coolest cinematic experiences in London.
I don't know, there's not a lot to do where my parents live.
So whenever we have free time, we end up at the cinema.
Yeah, so it is what it is.
Angla Young!
Can we please listen to this?
Yeah, so I don't watch cinema or I don't look at those fucking memes
that people send me all the time that often.
Of what?
No, I just ran like on my phone.
So if we ever review movies, that would be me stop being ignorant
and learning about cinematography and filmography.
Filmography?
Yeah, I read books.
Do you?
I'm singing that so wrong, I don't care.
That's not the Philippines, that's like Dubai.
You can say that I'm ambitious, but my dream is higher here.
I give more than this job.
I want more.
That's right, she wants more.
She wants paypal.
Yeah, where are they? Hong Kong.
You did that to force me to choose?
Yeah, to force you.
If you love me, why don't you choose me, Joy?
If you love me, why don't you choose me?
She's going through it, bruh.
Is it China?
It looks like.
Oh wow, cinemas.
It could have been, it looked like Hong Kong.
Yeah, it looked like.
I mean, I didn't see anyone to be able to tell where it was.
Did you see what we were saying in the comments?
Already watched it.
I have no plans to become your future, but I can be your future now.
Ethan, his name is Ethan.
I can be your now.
He said I can be.
Oh, and actually, if that's one of the pinnacle sentences in the movie,
and the name of the movie, it's hello, love, goodbye.
That's a fantastic bit of writing right there.
Yeah, correct.
Great play of tempos there, and yeah, fantastic.
The song itself, I've heard it a thousand times.
My thoughts on the song, what it does really well, obviously,
they did have great chemistry in the studio, Jason and Moira.
And their songs will always forever have that,
because obviously their personal relationship translated really well.
It's just difficult now, I think, to not...
Yeah, it's like you have to sort of see the bigger picture, right?
Yeah, it's hard to detach it from the actual heartbreaking reality of it all.
You have to see the bigger picture,
but it's undeniable that they fucking sounded amazing together.
And I hope they... I mean, I don't...
Fuck it. Not my place to say anything, right?
It's personal. God bless Moira.
Wow, you're so mature.
I'm telling you, dude, ever since I wore this top,
I might have been more of a dickhead, but also more of a classy dickhead.
And that's what we want to become, my friends.
You know who else is a great person
and will rock this top better than me?
None other than Gary Valenciano.
I also feel like he is the role model of anyone.
Oh my God, wait, wait.
Like, if you wanted to be a great person, just copy Gary.
He changed my life.
When I become older, I want to be like him.
Like my dad and Gary Valenciano.
He changed my life.
Yeah, but that podcast did change Valenska's life.
If you don't know what we're talking about,
future writer plus episode, who the fuck knows?
I don't know.
Yeah, it was done over a hundred,
so it's kind of hard now to keep up.
