I don't know. I've never had it. I've never had lumpy. I was kind of crunch before. Let's listen.
Good afternoon vlog. As you guys can see where I'm at. For those of you guys who live here, you guys probably know where I'm at. For those of you guys who don't, this is Magellan's Cross.
Say hi Adam. So this is my friend Adam.
So he's going to visit me for the next two weeks and he's going to be part of my vlogs. So get acquainted with him. His name is Adam. He's also from where I'm from.
And we're here at Magellan's Cross because he's been wanting to come here since forever.
So let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
And this is the church.
Hi Adam.
Let's praise the Lord. Let's go. Let's praise our sins away.
We're going to need all day.
But it's a beautiful church is what I've seen and looked on photos.
So we're going to go inside and show you guys what it looks like inside.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Hey Adam.
How'd you like San Pedro Fort?
Not San Pedro Fort. I meant the church.
The church was really nice.
I felt unworthy. I was like oh.
You felt unworthy? Why?
I felt unworthy. I was getting close.
It was really nice. I feel like Magellan's Cross was nice too.
So the good thing about the Magellan's Cross is if you want to see inside,
then go during the weekdays from Monday through Friday.
On the weekends, you're not able to do that.
But you can still do your candle rituals and then throw them inside the cage.
I didn't see the flame eyes on the first ever Santo Nino.
My momma has like a million of those.
Weird seeing the first one.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, we're not able to record it because out of respect,
he thinks he's going to get cursed.
Yeah, if they're going to tell you though, obviously there's a reason.
If I was going to do that, I'm probably going to get cursed by the devil.
So I'm okay.
You'll be fine, Adam.
But yeah, we're not able to go film it.
But if you guys are in the area and you guys are able to go in that little area,
then do so and just pay respects and not take photos.
So we're almost here at San Pedro and I'll show you guys when we get inside.
So in the middle of the church and San Pedro,
there's this nice park that you guys can go to.
I'm pretty sure at night and during the weekends this gets all packed with people.
Last time we were here,
they were setting up a stage right here for I think a beauty pageant or a contest of some sort.
But this place gets really busy during the weekends.
And then there's like the historical background of this park area.
And there's San Pedro.
As you guys see, I'm going to put up here in the corner,
a video of me doing San Pedro because I've already been here.
But since my friend here, Adam, hasn't been here yet,
I'm going to be showing him this.
So there's a video I already did about it.
So it's up there and go enjoy it.
It is really hot out, guys.
It's so hot.
But now we're going to go towards the direction of San Carlos.
No, not San Carlos.
We're going to go to Colon Street.
So after Colon Street, I think I'm going to just end the video there.
It's probably going to be relatively short,
but we have other things to do in here in the Cebu as well.
We'll keep you guys updated on that.
So how do you like it so far, Adam?
It's really nice, but it's really hot.
And I would like some air conditioning.
So let's keep walking.
But the floor was nice.
It was really breezy at the top, which I was surprised at.
It's nice out.
You should show them the sky.
I was expecting storms and thunder and rain all week,
but it's nice.
Yeah, you can't rely on the weather apps because it rains, yes,
but it doesn't rain all day like it says.
But when it does as well, it gets really hot.
It's quite hard enough in my mind.
Probably.
But that's about it, guys.
So I'm going to end the video here.
So like, comment, share, subscribe.
And see you guys in the following videos.
Which speaker are you going to get, Adam?
Which one is the best sounding one?
Which one sounds the best?
Maybe I should take my mask off.
Oh, OK.
OK.
How much is this one?
Oh, my God.
I bought this for 60 pesos.
How are you liking it?
Not crunch though.
How are you liking it, Adam?
Come on now.
You can't compare, bro.
How do you like this cheap meal?
How much is this like in the US?
I don't know.
I've never had it.
I've never had lumpia, but it's kind of crunch.
Listen.
Listen.
I can't with you, Adam.
