 But you're Friday. The freshest. Aloy, Kimada. That's right, he's been so requested lately and I think there was like a warning that came with the request. It was like, this is not the voice you expect to come out of this body. Oh, is it on the Philippines? Yes. Oh, shit. I literally don't know to expect. Maybe we're going to get like a really great base or... I recommend that. Because people said also that he's famous in Amigo. I like it. Well, let's get close. I'm ledge. I thought that was what he was called. To be honest, I like... I'm ledge. They're like, their videos that is so inception if we were to check those out. Yeah. Because there's already people reacting to them and it's hard to then do what we do, which is kind of breakdown things. Because it's like 30 seconds. You can't really hear him sing proper, proper. It's impressive. But I wanted to check out one of his work also to give him props to see how good he is. And also his lengthier. I think this one. Yeah, I think this would also give... Like, do a really good justice. Like, he would do a justice to his vocal... Oh. Yeah, vocal skill. Yeah, like vocal skill. I want to say also, shout out to everyone getting merged. And that's... It truly means the world. You guys really... I don't think you know how much it means. If you do wish to do so, go to FitchFrightestore.com. We have new phone cases, new tote bags, hoodies. Just go to FitchFrightestore.com. At the end of February, it will all be gone. It's his limited edition. But yeah, thanks for those supporting us and it means the world. Okay, let's have a look. Oh, it's... Oh my God. My right, carry. Wow. What? It actually sounds like jittimide la mara. I'm like a swallowed my right, my right, carry. Okay, I'm sorry, but that just doesn't seem mad, real. Oh, I'm sorry. I just doesn't seem mad, real. Father's a big Mariah, carry fun. Yeah, he's like out there like he... Yes. Like in the house before my father was playing Mariah, power vocals weren't really that popular because mother doesn't really enjoy it. Power vocals are as a general rule a lot because she finds some quite overwhelming, which is normal, you know, it can happen. But father loves it because he obviously... Appreciate the technique, Alan. Yeah, yeah, it's basically impossible. I watch a woman does. It's like what? Yeah. So what do you think? It's like something I think. Right. So back in my time, back in my days when I was at Tinayu, it was something literally forbidden to seem as a female voice. Right. It wasn't something well-setted. In fact, a couple of friends of mine could seem like the most outstanding girls in Sweden are back in the days as a female voice, them being male. Yeah. I need really, really, all my attention forever. Yeah. Kind of like what my... I'm not watching now. Yeah, yeah. He's really popular. Yes, he's amazing. Yeah. It's amazing. Yeah, it's a bit surreal actually to be completely honest and I think also the equalization of this particular track is really nicely done. So it really enhances details that perhaps in a virtual camera setting you wouldn't actually get. So I have to say something. Yes, papa. So beautiful. Yeah, but it looks beautiful. Yeah. I've got the jacket on. I think it's really beautiful in the English. I think it's really wonderful. I think it's really wonderful. You're hot. It's amazing. Thanks, mama. I was just saying, well, it's just so beautiful. Thanks, thank you guys. So, wait, about that. Yeah. I agree. Here we go. It looks like perfection, isn't it? I don't find a way to do it Cause I can't go on Living in the middle of the way You're so nice in my own home To me, baby can you feel me? It's really difficult because he is using a lot of very similar texture to my eyes So there's a lot of breathiness coming through in the singing phrase So the melody actually gets caught short So you got to work double hard So you got to put in even more effort to maintain the melody coming through As well as keeping that texture that you're hearing, that velvetyness that you hear Even if it has the basic synthesization ever, you need a superior technique Indeed indeed So it's actually really delicate way of singing this song And it could easily be a fragile technique So it could easily go wrong So the precision that is required to do covers like this in studios It's actually harder than if you were to sing them live in an acoustic setting Because if there is something to... You can always hide certain defects in a live acoustic setting But in a studio, this tiny little... Unplified Yes, Conor's edges, they become amplified He's doing a beautiful job though It's so good I would imagine that the people that I see him on an omigo probably don't even think he's him singing So he goes on this platform on this app I think it's like a website Where you get much stuck with randomness from all over the world It's like a sumco but with randomness And then he goes and performs to them And then they record because it's quite funny because some of them go like Oh my god, that's not your voice I would imagine, I think that's probably what they would say I'm not sure you'll lead already The very popular millions of views and stuff here It's a really popular idea It's going really like it's been an idea forever But it's popped up again I think that app came out like that website came out like in 2009 or something like that I'm actually surprised there still exists I've never tried it It's like ChatRulette I think that's the one we tried when we were like 2012 Because he was on a phone app So that was like the Omegal version but on the phone Do you give me people from different parts of the world online But you got to have a camera I think Yeah, so you're like face timing each other Randomly People you don't know We can't exist Yeah, but he does it and performs to them But yeah, perform really Yeah, crazy It's just a bit wild I just got it, figure it out I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part I think that's the best part Nice I think that's the best part I like his takes as well And the switch between the breath and react to the full belt Well, gosh, that is such a difficult transition between the two. It's so hard. It's a pretty good translation of what he would sound like life because he does maintain that kind of human error. Those things that do occur when you sing life instead of trying to maintain everything, you know, 100% perfect, which, you know, in studio it takes, I guess you could do that. But I think the... I was going to ask you, can you help to support that kind of changes in the mix and in the conversation. 100% yes. Definitely. I mean, if we wanted to make this actually be even more perfect, he could. Yeah. Yeah, you know, he... But it takes away the nature, the nature of the song itself. I think obviously it's talking about the original, just putting it into comparison. You've got... It's such a vulnerable soul treat kind of intimate song. So you can really take away the edge of human essence out of it. It would be a crime, basically. So having it to perfect would take away the charm of it. Yeah, it actually works really well. Like, I really do think he maintained his personality in it. Obviously, the appeal to it is how close the resemblance to Mariah is. I'm hoping he's speaking, yeah. But I like his text. I like his interpretation of things and I like how human things are. I just find it physically and... Yeah. Technically speaking, I find it to be such an enigma because male larynxes are set differently than female larynx. And then take it a little bit further. Mariah's larynxes were completely different. To the... To the common denominator. So here you have somebody who's with all the... I don't know, human disadvantages that you could possibly think have somehow aligned in his... in his favor to allow him to do these things. And so that to me already creates the opposite of big question mark in my mind. But those are the times that you take those questions and throw them out the window and enjoy what you're watching. Because... Are unexplicated. Yeah. Because they're the same in larynx. Yeah. And then... And then... You tell father... The standard is difficult to explain it. Yeah. I agree. Is with this guy is the same. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going to come out. I'm going to come out. Wow. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Also the core perversion in the song is challenging enough. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Come on. Yes. Hold on. Can you hear that, man? Can you hear that Oh. Oh you Oh you Oh you Oh you Oh you And then again... Here. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh it's new in Earl. Ordering Oh, you're right. Oh, you're right. Oh, you're right. You're right. You're right. I give my all for you. You're right. You're right. Nice! Dude, that's actually a freaking wonderful. Wonderful. Pretty nice chords. Yeah, cool. What you're seeing is... Wild, wild, wild. He's taken the best, you know, obviously the best takes of everything. Put them all together and then perform them as if he was doing it in the moment. Mm-hmm. But it's such a... I love the text he chose to keep. Of course. They're great. I think overall, I think it just doing this type of cover. They demand a certain level from the performer and from your personal choices as a singer. Because you really need to understand that the songs come with baggage. The songs come with expectations. The names come with expectations. So to live up to somewhere close to the original, it's already a huge task. And then, you know, to deliver something above that is something inhumane to me. Let's get the father approval. Of course. 100% with Kaloikimada. Father certified. Well, let us know what you guys thought about it. And perhaps if you'd like us to check out anything else, do let us know. And goodbye guys. Bye-bye.