 I just want to surprise my wife, you know, sometimes. I know we are both tired, but we can do this. Let's do this. We can make anything possible. You will finish at 12.30. I'll just call you later. Just stay in the car maybe. Most of the time I go around here and just go for a walk. Later, bye bye. After two hours, okay? We just have to wait for hours to get a flower shop. Here is the location where you can buy flowers. We just bought a flower shop for 30 minutes away. So let's go. It's a big month, it's 13 minutes. 30 minutes is the guy's coding. We just bought a flower shop. We just bought a flower shop. We are going to the next day. We are here. Here is the place where you can buy flowers. It's a very nice flower shop, but we are really happy. The Medio Friendly Store. Hello. Can you speak English? Can you speak English? Can you speak English? Can you speak English? Can you speak English? In the market, I have been here for 30-3 days. I have been here for 10 minutes. We just keep on laughing. We will see what could have been. We don't know where it's going. The way it goes is wonderful and let's unite. Here is the place where you can buy flowers. We are here. Here is the flower shop. It's not that big. It's the materialistic of the flower shop. We don't know where it's going. Most of the time, it's not that big. Actually, I want to make flowers. I remember the special days. It took me like a week's of my plan. I was surprised to see it. Actually, I don't have any plans. This is the day we will see. And this is the day. This is the day. Hello. Hello, Mommy. Are you done? No, I'm not. Half an hour. But it's already 12-13. Oh, yes. Where are you? Just here in the car. Can you buy some drinks? Of course. I'm sorry, but what are you doing? Just here, I'm watching some videos. You call me when you're done. Okay. You buy some drinks. Thank you. Thank you. We will be preparing for the next day. If you want to know, I'll be in the car. You forgot? Today is our church wedding anniversary. A church wedding anniversary. So, a happy wedding anniversary. Let's go, guys. We've got some pizza. Celebrate the eighth church wedding anniversary. Eight years. Actually, eight years is quite long. But if you leave it for a love, that is not long. Eight years is a long marriage. And it's not very easy. The road was not very easy. It's rough road. For eight years, we fought, we quarreled, we discussed many differences. But the end of the day, the most important thing is, you need to stay with your wife. Hello, guys. Do you know why I love my Filipino husband? Because at first, he is very funny. And I'm a very strict person. So, he can release my pressure. And then, let me relax. And then, the second and the most important thing for me, he is really responsible. He is a responsible husband. And he is also a responsible father. That's the most I love him. He is handsome, though. A handsome man. What else? And he can cook. Cook for me, very delicious food. You can play with my son. And also take care of my daughter. Actually, he is the one to take care of the whole family. Simple, I love you. I really love my flowers. And I really love my husband. Thank you. Hello, guys. We just finished our simple celebration for our eight-year. It's a simple celebration. Yeah, here in China, every time we celebrate in a special occasion, we don't really go outside to eat or have fun. Because when you have your own family, when you have your kids, we always make sure that in our time, it goes with them. Play with them and stay with them the whole day. We are free. So for me, I think the most important thing, number one, other families. Because we are from different countries. So we have people from cultures, and then different beliefs, and different leading habits. Yeah, and different. Almost everything is different. Yeah, it's like opposite world. You know, Filipino culture and Chinese culture is totally different. So that's why we always make a lot of adjustments every time. The second one is very wisdom. We really love to touch the money. Not the money thing. Because here in China, most people are in the family. They want their daughter to marry with a rich man, and a very successful man. But for me, I don't care about money thing, but love for me is the most important thing. That's why I choose him. When I marry with him, he has nothing. You know, guys, you need to marry someone that could bring out the best in you. I would say it again. Marry the one that could bring out the best in you. What does it mean? It must be honest. So we don't pretend things here. You know, when it comes to marriage, but it's really hard, guys, to stay with someone that makes you worse. You know what I mean? You need to find someone that could really make your day always. That's the person that could make your day happy each day. That could make your day brighter even if it's dark outside. Because, you know, guys, before I met my wife, I really don't know things about life itself. Like, I don't know. I don't have plans in life. I don't know how to save money. My wife came into my life. She changed a lot of things about me. Number one, she helped me with helping me to stop my vices like smoking, drinking, and spending or wasting my money. So she helped me a lot, guys, with things that are things that we should care in life. And the most important guys is, you know, even though you quarreled the whole day, and even you fight hard for the whole day, remember, guys, that at the end of the day, he is still your husband, and she is still your wife. So you need to stay together at the end of the day. Is that right? Is that right? It's right. You live with me. Of course. Okay, before we end, I would like to grade my husbands, relatives, and families. Okay, hello. Hello. Special greetings to you. My name is Maillette. And my name is Romi. Hello. Hello. Hello, Mommy Maillette. Here is the main topic of Double City. Greetings here from China. And then they are looking at us. Very good. That's how you become famous. And of course, I don't eat, I'm just making old friends, I'm just going to grade them. Because if I don't, I'm going to grade them. I'm sure they will be happy. Hello, Arthur Gamal of Riverside, Kelina, Davao, City. That's how you become famous in China. Life is like that. And of course, guys, I want to grade the matchmaker of high school. So I don't want to be a fan of you guys. In the North, I want to be a legend. From earned victory in China. Hello, guys. If you are new to our channel, please don't forget to like, comment, and... And... first cry. Okay, guys, until here. Bye-bye. Goodbye. This will say goodbye. No, this will say goodbye. Why we should say goodbye? It looks here, do you see China? This... Okay, goodbye. Goodbye. I said this will say goodbye. This will say goodbye. Happy couple.