 ... To layingar, rahatang balaja ang bangin. The tungusah mali gayan pag balik sa... ... akihin channel. You know, on this channel I actually don't talk too much about my deep appreciation for the game of basketball, yore. I'm Canadian and basketball for those of you who don't know, Ngo was invented in Canada. And, you know, it's the first sport that I felt in love with. I still remember the day when I was a kid and I played the game and I was like, oh my god, this game was invented for me. I love, I just love dribbling a ball and putting it into a basket, you know. So, obviously, I follow the NBA very closely. My favorite team is the Raptors because I mean it's the only team in Canada. So, when one of you requested that I react to this video, I hesitated a little bit because I don't know if I'm going to get copyrights with this video. But, let me read you the title of this video. The NBA, which probably means Philippines Basketball Association, Bastos, James, Perro, Papastos, Nang, Papastos. So, I think it's a compilation of the best dunks from the Filipino Basketball Association by Jamie Malonzo, Japeth Aguilar, Chris Newsom, and Gabbe Norwood and a bunch of others. So, you know, I watch a lot of basketballs, I watch a lot of highlights, I love watching compilations of beautiful dunks, beautiful three-point shots. Plus, a lot of you think that I look like Stefan Kurt. So, we'll be reacting to this. I'm sure I'm going to have a lot of fun and fingers crossed. I won't get any copyright claims or anything like that. I hope you will appreciate this as much as I do. And if you do, then, you know, do not hesitate to tell me if you'd like me to do more of these. Now, before we start, make sure to follow me on Instagram at Music Game News because that is where you can DM your suggestion and without further ado. Woosh! Let's get to it. Let's go. By the way, I'm not familiar with your players, okay? So, you're going to have to help me out with that. Oooooosh! Okay, I see you. That's a poster. That's a poster. Ooooooh! Ooooooh! Let's go. By the way, I'm not familiar with your players, okay? So, you're going to have to help me out with that. Oooooosh! Okay, I see you. That's a poster. That's a poster. Ooooooh! You're going to see this face a lot if they keep dunking like this. This stinky face, you know? You must find it. Here we go. Nguys! Vig-cranked back! Uhhhhhh! Sajas disko. Sajas disko. Sajas disko. Ali ubo! Yeah! Gave more with! He's pumped, he's pumped. How about all of you? Nasa leek yel ekele. Aha! That was okay. That was okay. There was no, you know, no spunk in that dunk. You know, it was pretty soft. I like how we went under the basket, but it was a little soft. Listen to this crowd roar! I got the first caption in the schedule. Ooooo! That was nice! Hey, a backdoor cut! Ali ubo! What's up, buddy? Did you knock it? Stop pretending that you're not doing his work. Ahhhhhhh! That was easy peasy! Come on, where's the defense, man? Shooosh! Oh yeah, he never asked. He never asked. I know the team. He never asked. They're the winners! Ooooooooooooooo! Oooooooooooooooo! e ina encouraged fouag me, uy Nado Arbuzwwaka Myeongkos Myeongkos zijnцу Mabaga mabaga Mm-hmm CJ wara ste Oh boy, oh boy CJ Okay, it's a little impressive because he was bothered by the defender Because he was pushed a little bit That's a foul, for sure He should not have tried to counter him To block him That, that, no Is there a hard challenge for the ball? Or did he go for the head? You know the name, Bistiga Angel Another advantage, Jason What? Do you want to go strong? No, this time I love it when the rim makes a sound, you know? Woo Mm, nice Oh man, the defender was lost, there was too late, the rotation was too late JPA, to be a down and out And pick it up I mean, he's shooting it from way out there Oh Oh, Aguilar, there you go He's so freaking tall, man Oh yeah, he's from Hinevra Okay We've got a good one here, we're glad you're with us, Arcay Laga HAAAAA He knew it Man, a lot of allos, huh? And watch this from the top, whoa Man, he would be great to watch a A PBA game when I go to the Philippines Sheee Second time, the jam Geohalalur called for the offensive player That was straight forward, don't you Oh Oh Yeah, okay, okay Not a big deal Pretty clean, right? Oh, beautiful pass, I actually like the pass more than the dunk The pass was awesome, he saw that he was open Oh, yeah, that one was good Oh That's such a big play, that play Mmm Damn, he's huge too Wooo Mmm, that was open, wide open I love that I have this in common with Filipinos Wooo You know, the love for basketball, for music, for a lot of things I mean It was a no-grayner for me to keep I dedicate this channel to the Philippines, no-brainer Like, it's not surprising to me when you guys tell me that I am Filipino by heart Because to be honest, I think I am And also dance, right? Filipinos love to dance, I love dancing Wow, see this guy is actually short, man This guy can jump He's got springs Yeah, 5'8", what? He's shorter than me, my god Oh, he blocked the ball on the other side and dunked it after Oh, this guy is massive, man This is not the first time we see him dunk Oh, that's a poster as well Oh, my god, oh, my god Wooo Yeah, we saw this, oh, no, maybe not Shish I love the fact that Filipinos take basketball seriously Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I intercepted the steel Oh, windmill He windmilled it Okay, I see you, I see you Malonzo That gave me chills, man Aliu? Aliu? No, not a name The defender had no chance, he was way too tiny Oh, oh, oh, too easy Oh, did he tap the backboard first? No I can't tell, it looked like he tapped the backboard first and then dunked it I think The dude thinks he's in the slam dunk contest Wooo Mmm Oh, oh, wow I mean, what can you do against a guy that's this tall? What can you do if you try to stop him? It will be a foul automatically He's too dominant Shish He never does Oh Oh Oh Is that the same dude? What the hell? And he short his health But he's got some hops Love this guy Yo, I can't believe it's over I feel like this video was extremely short But it's actually almost 10 minutes long This was a freaking blast If my video, my reactions to this does well And I don't get a copyright issue Bruh, we're gonna keep doing this This was so much fun Because I know basketball, man I know so much about basketball I can actually even narrate and explain things about basketball That's how much I love basketball Oh my gosh, that was awesome Let me know in the comment section below your thoughts on this selection It makes sense that they kept the dunks of number 11 Those two dunks at the end for the end Because clearly they're the most impressive I mean, I don't know why, but there is something about Seeing a short basketball player Donk, but on top of that Donk on other taller players You know, it's incredible And the image that is coming to my mind Is Vince Carter During the Olympics When he jumped over a very tall guy And dunked it It was insane And you know what he was, right? Vince Carter I mean, when he was at his prime A raptor, yes sir Anyway, Marami, Marami, Salamad Oh, thank you so much for watching And if you've enjoyed this reaction video Then do not hesitate to check out my other reactions right here