 Hello everyone, how are you? I'm Goyang Pagababalak, from Al-Keen Channel. Before we even start reacting to this brand new list of random Filipinos that go viral on social media, I'd like to thank you for your interest and excitement for this playlist that I have created. These multiple volumes. Today we will be doing volume 25. And trust me when I tell you that I was planning on doing this video a while back. Unfortunately, so many of the clips that I had retained for this video had disappeared. You know that is a risk that you take with social media usually because of copyrights, okay? But it is so I had to wait a while in order to find more clips. And I am telling you, you guys are so excited about this playlist because you keep sending me so many suggestions. But also, you contact me to ask me when am I going to release the next volume. Yes sir. So thank you, thank you so much. If you are new to this channel, welcome. My name is Oveda, I am a sound engineer, beat maker and content creator on YouTube. I would really appreciate it if you would consider subscribing to the channel and smashing that like button. Also, make sure to follow me on Instagram at music. News because that is where you can DM me your suggestions. And without further ado, let's check it out. A song, is it a song that I haven't reacted to her in forever? I think the last time I reacted to her, she was still a kid. Look at her. She is a teenager. My gosh, she is a woman. Well not really, but there is a huge difference here. This is insane. It is Esang de Torres, right? De Torres, I think so. Because here I can read Esang in the description. But that's all it says. It is so weird to hear Esang de Torres sing an R&B song. I mean, Kisha Cole was very popular in that genre, okay? Years ago. I say this because Esang de Torres, I keep saying de Torres, I'm not even sure that's her last name, but I think it is, was known to be really good when it comes to musicals, you know, because she was the prodigy of what's her name? What's her name? It will probably come back to me. One of the coaches of the voice, the amazing, Leas Alonga. Woo, I got it. I got it. Yes, she was her prodigy because Leas Alonga is, you know, top tier when it comes to musicals and stuff. So yeah. Okay. Yeah. No love That's a pro Wherever No That was good but man that part is iconic you know you cannot be shaky I thought she was slightly shaky but I'm gonna give her an eight okay not gonna give her an A plus but it's an A And that part is something that I heard R. Kelly do before Keisha Cole you know Oh R. Kelly you broke all of our hearts darn you That was extremely enjoyable so in the description she says she says try singing an R&B song for this one and honestly it works you should keep singing R&B songs you know like she's she's extremely talented let's see the number of views on this one if I can find it of course 4.1 million views my gosh I think it's her most viewed video so far incredible all right let's move on to the next video of course in the description it says Thiba karaoke so right now Thiba is taking place okay it's the basketball World Cup 2023 and unfortunately I think the Philippines have been eliminated already which sucks because part of the Thiba is taking place in the Philippines but you know I mean if you can't root for the Philippines because you know they're not gonna go very far or they're already out you can root for my country for Canada because we are killing it and when I say killing it I mean we're winning every game but we're not winning by 3.5 points no we are kicking ass we're winning by 20 30 points easily that is that is amazing so yeah you can root for us instead yeah so this is not surprising that during a game they are doing karaoke it's it's normal in the Philippines but still it's amazing to see okay let's watch the video oh this is name again da da da da da it's my Denn you can hear them. Wow Wow! And this is an audience that is probably there to cheer for their own country, even though, you know, the Philippines did not go far, but it's still not gonna break their spirit, which is beautiful. It would have been awesome to be part of this man. Ooh! Yeah, the Philippines against the Republic, the Dominican Republic. Yeah, that was a very short clip. And I know for a fact that the Philippines lost that game. So, you know, let's see at this moment, who was winning at this moment? Let me just verify. Oh, the Philippines is winning at that particular moment, 68-66, so maybe this explains the Philippines' excitement. But I think that even if they were losing, I don't think Filipinos would lose hope, you know, and they would still be this excited, you know, unhappy. Okay, okay, next video. Wives cooking in the Philippines be like! So, I guess her husband filmed her without her knowing this is awesome. And this is, see, this video embodies exactly this playlist of random Filipinos that go viral on social media. Like, I'm quite sure that this woman is just a random Filipina who was just mining her own business, cooking, and using a huge ladle or spoon as a microphone, and not singing an easy song to sing either. But she is pulling it off. What the hell? The bird, the bird, the bird, how will you touch me like this? Would you hold me like this? This woman's gonna go on to coming back to me, we'll see her on the stage. Added to the moving all over the place, you know, now I have doubts. Does she know that she's being filmed? I really hope not, man, because if she's singing like this without knowing that she's being filmed, this is wonderful. Like, she feels like a superstar. Oh, she knows, I think she knows, that's why she was smiling so much. I mean, it's still great, but it would have been even better if she had no idea, and she was like really, you know, in the mood, all by herself. That's okay, she's still did a great job, though, man. Next up! Normal day in the Philippines. Alright, Pinoy Singers. Students? That's it? I want more! Holy moly, it's way too short, man. She was killing it. She felt like a rock star, seriously, with the hair, with... what was she holding? My gosh, how many views for this? That was so good. 2.9 million, and the video before also was uploaded by this channel, 6.3 million views. Wow, that's incredible. Alright, let's move on to the next one. Oh my god, who in the world is this dude? I heard maybe 3 seconds, I am already in love with the voice, the silky smooth voice. So, on tertor it says the name Raymond, or Raymond, Salgado, clearly for Lopino. This song will always be one of my favorite R&B songs of all time. Okay, let's continue. Now, let's restart it, because holy moly. Holy smokes this dude is so freaking good. I was gonna say this good is so freaking good. No, it's the opposite. Okay, listen guys, yes, we will check how many views this video got, but if there are videos on his profile that have been pinned, meaning usually people pin videos that they think are... worthwhile, we will watch them too, because I am in love with his voice. Hmm. No, no. Oh my god, that falsetto. He is so talented. Hmm. Who the hell is this guy? Oh my gosh, he's got skills. He's got skills. And no, it's a damn. Woo! I mean, I am so into it. I cannot stop vibing with this. That's how good he is, but also the recording sounds, and also he chose a very, very good song, man. Woo! Oh my god bro, you killed it, you killed it. He's a Canadian Filipino. There are two flags. Canada and the Philippines. He says my teeth are straight, but I'm not. Oh! Nice, I like it. Canada's got talent. Finalist. Season 2. That makes complete sense. Dude, go to the Philippines now and try your luck over there. You might win it all because... Hohoho! Incredible. Incredible. He got 1.2 million views on this one. Alright, I see three pinned videos. Should we check them all out? Yes, we should. Let's keep going with the first one. It says, want to feel alive outside? I can't find my fear. Okay, let's go. Hoho someday I'll make it out of here even if it takes. Oh, 9. Oh, 100 is need a place to hide. But I can't find one. This is why there has to be at least one Filipino in each vocal competition. Whether it be an international competition or one... Well, I mean, in the Philippines makes sense that there are just Filipinos, mostly. But outside of the Philippines, there has to be at least one Filipino. I can't find my fear. Hohoho! I didn't place my mind up stone. He's so freaking good. But the thing is, I'm pretty sure that Filipinos would argue. You know, they'd be like, yeah, he's incredible. But if he comes to the Philippines, he'll be just another talented Filipino singer. Because personally, I would love it if you would join Pao Nang Tang Hanan. But I'm pretty sure that there are some Filipinos who'd be like, yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if you'll be able to win Pao Nang Tang Hanan. You know what I'm saying? And I can understand that. I can understand that point of view. She can't believe it. Hohoho! Oh my gosh, she was too stunned. Of course! You just... Oh, okay. It's incredible. It's incredible. Like I understand her completely. Like, listen. I am a 100% straight man, okay? But if this dude were here singing this next to me, I don't know, bro. I feel like... Okay. Like, come on, man. I feel an attraction right there. Like, seriously. Holy smokes, that voice. So, it's not surprising that as soon as I heard him, I said, oh, I'm in love with that voice. You know what I'm saying? Like, bro. Incredible. Let's watch another one. Oh, it's with the same girl too. Okay. 2.5 million views. Wow. Oh, I cut it at the wrong time. I worry why. Don't worry. Because his vibrato there was just... I love her reaction, man. Like, you can clearly tell that she's also in love with that voice. I can't believe this. He can't believe this. Poor, poor, poor. I don't know how to feel. But... There is something about him, man. Because, yes, I've heard a lot of Filipinos that can sing just like him, you know. And they have the same type of voice and everything. You know, a little bit of a sum, Smith. But this guy, I think maybe it's the emotion that he can vehicle through his voice that's really impressive. I wanna try. I don't know how to feel. I'm also a sucker for beautiful falsettos, man. Oh, I think she got chills because I did, man. I did. She was like, it's incredible what beautiful music can do to someone, you know. So freaking good. Last one. Okay, this should be the best one ever because it got 12.6 million views. Damn, those are some colorful tops. Yes, come on, come on, come on, come on. Yes, he made it to... He was a finalist, all right, on Canada's vocal competition, right? Season 2. I want him to try again. I want him to try again, man, because he's got it. He's got it. This dude should win. Do you see her reaction? That would be me too. If I were sitting right next to him, I'd be like, dude. You'll say I'm crazy because you don't think I know what you're done. Kill it. But away, you can't leave me. I won't let you leave me. That's it. That's the end of this video. I'm pretty sure that a longer version of this must exist somewhere, maybe on YouTube. I will definitely look for it and watch it. This guy is incredible and I really don't think that... ...and these clips that we just witnessed... ...that he was actually pushing himself to the limit. I think he's still got a lot more in store in his gut. He can still push himself further if he wanted to. Whatever we were listening to right there, I feel like that's his safe zone. Those are the songs that he can actually really nail. But I'm pretty sure that if you give him something different... ...I think he can really surprise us. That was so good. Man, Raymond Salgado. Oh, I have to remember this name. He is so freaking talented. Ladies and gentlemen, there you have it. I hope you have thoroughly enjoyed volume 25. If you did, don't forget to like the video and share this volume with people around you... ...so that they can see how talented random Filipinos can be. Obviously, this guy is not a random Filipino. He's a professional singer. I'm sorry. I included him here because I had no idea who he was. But the woman singing in the kitchen, the kid, the old singing in class... ...those are random Filipinos and they're freaking talented. Man, I'm in Man, I'm in Salamad Po. And of course, if you found value in this video, do not hesitate to check out my other volumes right here.