 Hello and welcome to the Philippines. We're here at JRC visa consultancy and immigration services in Seaboo City right across from IELMALL and JRC has some updates on some things here. You're in. We want to go over. So anyway, I'm going to turn over JRC and let's talk about immigration. Hi Rod, it's been a pleasure to meet you again. How are your subscribers? Happy holidays by the way. So Christmas is in the next few days and we would like to. We would be happy if you're actually having a good time here in the Philippines and for those of not coming here, please do come here and experience the Christmas in the Philippines. And also before we start, we would like to thank those people who have subscribed to the channel of amazing Philippines. Thank you so much. It would actually help a lot and also we would like also to rod and eye. We'll also be giving you the information that will actually benefit you or will be helpful for you for your intent to stay in the Philippines and for those of us staying here in the Philippines already. Now we got some updates before the year and we'd like to give you some tips on what are the things that you need to look into. We're going to start first on the visa and immigration. Number one, annual report. Annual report will be coming soon and will be required with a Eurobimigration starting on the first 60 days of the calendar year. So it should commence on the first day of January 2024 up until last day or first day of March 2024. So who are those required of that? Those foreigners who have been issued by the Bureau of Immigration of their visa will be required to do the annual report. So basically the annual report is you need to go to the Bureau of Immigration if there should be updates or basically they wanted to check if you are still here in the Philippines or you're still out in the Philippines. And if you're happened to be outside of the Philippines, you can actually come here in a later date and then they will give you certain grace period to do your annual report or whatever you need to do outside the Philippines. Or you're from your country of origin. Second, regarding the working visa, the Bureau of Immigration have made a member and a circular as has temporarily suspended for the company that is a petitioner which is a single proprietorship, meaning it's or sole proprietorship. So they have temporarily suspended that and that memo was dated with the memo was released on date December 12 of 20, 20, 23rd. So for those foreigners who actually apply their working visa, kindly take a look at your options right now. So working visa might not be available for you but there are a lot of visa options that you can take. If you're married to a Filipino, you can still take the 13 A. If you are 50 years old and above, you can still hope to explore to apply for the retirement visa, the investors visa and other visas that may be available for you depending on your situation or qualification per se. Another update that you need to be aware of is the resumption of the face to face interview. So before during COVID, the Bureau of Immigration have temporarily suspended that to ease off with the face to face interaction due to COVID. But now since COVID is already away, they have resumed the face to face interview on your visa application. So after you actually filed the visa application and the Bureau of Immigration accepted and evaluated that before you can proceed without approval, they will actually be conducting a face to face interview to validate the requirements that you have submitted and the legitimacy of your visa application. Such as for the 13 A and other permanent visa that will be applied in the Bureau of Immigration. So those are the immigration updates that I think Rod and I have not actually discussed before doing this video that will be important to you. And if you have some questions along the way, please don't hesitate to contact Rod. Rod is there. Or we will be here to help you out. Yeah, now the annual report, I came here, I've been here about eight years, in the first two years, maybe the first three years, is on a tourist visa. I went to immigration. I tried to do an annual report and they said, no, I'm not required. So if you're on a tourist visa, you don't have to do just pretty much everybody else. If you're 13 A, if you're a work visa, SRB, more of a permanent visa, you have to do an annual report. And that basically is just a one form thing you fill out, right? Very simple to fill out. Your name, address, correct? That type of thing. Yes, correct, Rod. The Bureau of Immigration is always striving to make it easier, especially since last year they have actually extended to some Robinson's malls to... they congest their Bureau of Immigration offices, especially in the main office. Because there's a lot of foreigners that have been issued with the visa and it's also very practical also, or to ease off of doing the compliance of the annual report. And then again, I totally admire the Bureau of Immigration right now, because they have been doing their best really to ease up the process itself. So that's a good thing. So they might be having a different set of requirements this year, like before you go there, you need to set an appointment, you need to fill this out. They're going towards being online already and that would be a good thing for you guys to do your annual report, especially for those who are really far from the Bureau of Immigration or having some difficulties on their mobility to go to the Bureau of Immigration. So there are any instances that you would need to help, just let us know and we'll be figuring out which would be the best option for you. One thing I've heard from a couple of people is that they're ACR card, and they're various types of ACR card, which is one for SRB, your retirement visa, for your marriage visa, for your tourist visa, that you get after 60 days here, where your tourist visa. But I've had people, a friend of mine from New Zealand, some years ago he goes back and forth, he's got a house up north and he went out of the country and his ACR card, which has to be renewed every year for any of these. He was out of the country during that period of time, he came back and he had a lot of trouble at their port, a lot of trouble. Really upset him. I see a note ACR card cancellation, and what can you do if your ICR card comes due and you're out of the country, whether you're traveling to another country or back to your own country, how big of an issue is that? Can you renew their ACR card if they're out of the country or how does that work? For the ACR card, the ACR card is actually an identification of the visa, which is directly issued by the Bureau of Immigration. Any equivalent to the ACR card, there's what we call the PRAID, or the SRRVID, which is the retirement visa ID. Now the retirement visa ID can be done remotely. If you're outside the country, you can actually contact us and we can actually do the paperwork for you. And once we have that, we can send it to your country. Now the ACR card plays a different setup. You need to be here in the Philippines for you to renew your ACR card. Now, the important factor here is how well do you plan? Because right now, the issue wants the ACR card, but where you process it. If you process it in Manila, you can actually have the shorter processing time. So we need really to take a look at your schedule up until if you have a trip. And during that trip, your ACR card will be expiring, especially for the 38. You need to have that on set. Anyway, we can actually tell immigration that this is my circumstance right now. I need to be there and there are cases that they actually consider. So before you apply out and you know pretty well that the next four months, your ACR card will be expiring and when you come back, it's already expired. Better to deal with that proactively rather than being there taking your chances. Because they might actually stamp you back automatically to ACR card. I know. They might actually stamp you back on tourist visa status instead of the Spouse-El-Visa status. So regarding the ACR card, I would like to share that to you. Because there are still circumstances right now that they actually bump into that problem. We recently, we actually received a client right now that, Hey sir, our boss is actually doing the 9G for many consecutive years and they have actually renewed for quite several times. And here comes on this renewal, there's a record that there's an un-canceled ACR card. Now mind you, let's go back to the principle right now. Your visa comes in three major documents. The visa implementation on your passport, the visa order and also the ACR card. Now once you cancel your visa before you apply for another visa which will be applicable for you, make sure that you have stamped the cancellation on your passport in relation to that permanent visa. Make sure that you have your downgrading order and make sure that you have a proof of cancellation of your ACR card on that particular visa. Because that might cause a problem. It caused a problem to that particular client right now. Because instead of him renewing smoothly, he has been stuck. Because the Bureau of Immigration cannot move forward. If not particular other visa, ACR will not be canceled before he will be granted to process the renewal of his other visa. So that's very important. Whatever you have done or whatever you have process, make sure that you have the right paperwork for that or at least you have a copy so that you could actually present that to the Bureau of Immigration. Now, the Philippines still working on improving their systems and there might be a possibility that they are still migrating to have their system integrated between the main office and also the district offices and other sub-port offices of the Bureau of Immigration. There will be a big possibility that they might still have the differences in terms of their records up to the time being. But they are working on that and hopefully they are going to work it out in the next few years in the making, which will be more convenient to our foreign friends to live here in the Philippines. And you have an office in Manila. Yes. So as we talked before in other videos, if you make an application in Sabu or some other city, it will take longer because that office is going to review it before they send it to Manila. But you because you have an office in Manila, you can send it to Manila and you can get many things processed much more quickly because of that. Yes. That's correct. So we have actually stream line of our offices right now. So we still have our domagette, we still have our Sabu and we have our physical office in Manila. And yeah, you're correct because there might be instances right now that you really need to fly out as fast as you can. So that is the option that we can get to our clients. Okay, instead of actually doing that in the district offices outside Manila, then we can actually process that directly to the main office because they will accept that. Okay. Because if you are from Iluilo and you're going to process it in Sabu district office for the Bureau of Immigration, they might actually decline to accept that application because it's the law of jurisdiction still applies. Iluilo has a district office. That's a big office. So once you apply for the 38, they can accept that, they can pre-evaluate it and they will forward it to Manila for approval. However, if your address is from Iluilo and you process it in Sabu, they might decline to accept that by virtue of jurisdiction. However, if you actually submit that to Manila, they will accept that. The only thing right now that will be required since the face-to-face interview will already have resumed. So that's the only thing that you would also consider. If you're willing to fly to Manila for the interview, then that would be good. Anyway, we have our two Lionel's and officers there. We'll be assisting you. We will be assisting you during that process. There's nothing to worry about. I've met a lot of foreigners, a lot of expats, and many of them are my friends now. Many of them told me their experience. I did it myself. I didn't use JRC or another agency. It took me a week and I had to go back and get stuff. I didn't realize I needed. I've seen you guys process stuff, pull people out of the fight or so to speak, because the technicalities, like I've said before, I can work on my car. I can do some carpenters to work up to a point. But I would rather hire somebody that's an expert at doing it. Same thing with you guys, especially the VC extension isn't so difficult. Once you get into these other work visa and the SRR, the retirement visa, the marriage visa, there are little technicalities. I've seen you guys handhold people to get their various approvals and their medical and all this type of thing. Get it done in half a day, where all that stuff's taking them a week, maybe even longer than that. There are little technicalities, like JR said. If you plan ahead, understand and look at your passport, look at your ACR card, which is Alien Certificate of Registration. It looks like a driver's license, just a little card, plastic card. Think ahead, plan ahead and talk to JR and his crew here. They can help you minimize your problems going forward. And not every, you were talking about the main office, regional offices. Like, Sivu is a big office. It's not Manila. There are things that, can you process everything here that you can process in Manila? There are some processing that can be done only in Manila. How about Duma Gatte? Now you've got regional offices. Duma Gatte is still on a satellite office, which is a smaller office in the European creation compared to Sivu. Technically, they can only process the number of applications. For the 13A, they cannot process. They cannot accept and pre-screen. However, Sivu district office can accept. There are also Manila, of course, because the main office is in Manila. There are dozens of offices around the Philippines. Many of them are just what you call satellite offices. Yes, field offices, the big stuff. Field offices. You really need to go to a district office. I've met experts that have come from Italy, Illinois and Duma Gatte. They've come here because they couldn't process something in Duma Gatte's office. Sure, for instance. All right. Yeah, I hope that the visa and immigration updates will actually help you. And a little bit of discussion regarding the importance of the cancellation and stuff. And going to our another complimentary services, which is real estate, for those foreigners who own their condominiums and for those who have been married to the Philippines and their own house a lot, don't forget that you will be required by the Bureau, not by the Bureau, but the the Philippine government to pay your real property tax. That is, at times, being livid, or livid by the Philippine government for the property owners here in the Philippines. So normally those are collected on a year-on-year basis. That will be due on the first month of every calendar year from January to December. However, if you pay a month ahead by December, for next year, you get a small discount. And the real property tax is a tax that can be computed based on the value which is established by the assessors' office where your property is located, which city or municipality or province your property is located. So the assessors' office and your city or municipality will establish through your tax declaration of what they call the Fair Market Value. Now, let's just say your fair market value property is 1 million. Now, that is not the basis of your tax computation. However, they will come up with the assessed value, normally a percentage of your fair market value. So roughly, let's just say for discussion purposes that will be 20%. So 20% of the 1 million that's 200,000. Now, that is not yet the real property tax. However, the tax can be computed between 3 to 5% based on the assessed value not on the fair market value. So it's not that big. Not don't panic. It's not that big in terms of the real property tax. That is different from the capital gains tax on the opposition or selling of a property here in the Philippines. I've got a friend with a studio kind of menu. And I asked him other day what his property tax was for the year. And 2,000 something pesos, about 40 US dollars for the year. And in the US, many states are different. I mean, a lot of retired people raise the property taxes and they lose their house. They can no longer afford the tax. It's thousands and thousands of dollars. Wow. So a lot of retired people. Wow. And the reason to move is the Philippines. And they lose their life savings. Exactly. So that would be it for those foreigners who are already here in the Philippines and they own a property. So I'm wearing my real estate hat right now. Now, for us to share also for those foreigners who have been doing business in the Philippines. So as you all know, that Christmas is coming. So as part of the mandate of the Philippine Labor Code or the Labor Department, you are mandated or required to give your 13th month pay to your employees. If you are registered, if your business is registered here in the Philippines. So 13th month pay is more or less an extra month of that specific pay for your employee. On top of that, you need also to factor in your compliance as in terms of the business permit. And also, I would like to remind for those foreign friends of ours who are doing business here to renew your business permits. Normally, it will be done also in the first calendar year. So you need to go through again with the local or city local or local municipality or city where your business is located. Also, take a look at the compliance of your rent and establishment. If they have fully complied with the building permit, the occupancy permit and the far certificate. Because that might actually entail you at the additional cost to put in some fire hydrants, fire alarms and so on and so on. So if the building that you're renting right now is not actually adhering or following the fire safety standards here in the Philippines. So that is something that you need to take a look at in two right now, especially if you are doing business here in the Philippines. And also, along the way, you will be filing your tax returns and so on, which will be required sometime April. You can actually start to collate those data from your bookkeepers or your accountants that you have hired so that you can actually start to review all the paper that you have done before you actually submit that to the appropriate government agency. And mind you, this is also based on experience from a foreign friend who is actually doing a business here. Up to some extent, it's good to trust. Trust is very important when you especially when you have a dealings right now. Burball would work up to some extent, but for you to be safeguarded properly, the Burball agreements that you have, if it will be properly documented, that would be best. Like for example, if you have your business being renewed, keep a copy. Keep a copy because that will actually safeguard you and give you assurance that you have really done and complied and submitted what the Philippine government is requiring you to do. So that will give you a piece of mind if they have actually filed your tax returns. Keep a copy, ask the copy and they should actually give that to you. Not just that it's okay and it's at no, that might be in, you might be in not so good position by that statement percent. Up until they show, okay, here's the paperwork that you have for the business permits and so on and so forth. Keep a copy, we keep the original because we need to and here's a copy for you. As a business owner, you should have that. Yeah, because you have two lawyers on staff, accountant, so you can help people with their businesses. If that's required, as far as the legal end, you can help the legal. You are a registered real estate broker or appraiser, so more and more you're getting involved in the real estate selling and you're going to dabble in the rental side of it also. But I have guys asking me, I need a place for a month or two or three. That's short term. Go to booking.com. I go to Airbnb. Airbnb booking.com. A bunch of different places. But most of the people want six month lease or one month or one year lease. Six months is okay. To some extent it would be acceptable for there will be a property owner wanting to lease out his property. There are few unit owners that will accept six or 12 months. But they prefer to have it at least a year lease. Okay. All right. Have we covered quite a bit of territory there? Anything else? You can take up. Not us of today because it's almost Christmas season and I'm very happy to see my friend here, Rod. And your subscribers as well, we hope that you have given you some information that might be valuable for you. And that's what I have mentioned earlier. If you have some comments that you can share with other subscribers, please do comment. And Rod will be rest assured taking good care of you guys. He has been amazing for so many years already. We wanted to give you information and this is probably the last update for 2023. What I've seen in the eight years I've been here too, things change. Things change. Forms change. I know when I was first year I tried to do a Visa extension. I had two sheets. It used to be two sheets of paper. And I came in there and they kind of growled at me. They accepted it. But they'd gone to one sheet. Or they'd modify it. So yeah, you can go online and you download an old form. You don't know what's old. No, we don't want this. Don't write next time. Even in other areas, they actually slashed it down to half size of a letter size band paper. So it's good. They're trimming down. And probably they just need to make the fonts a little bit bigger because it depends on who is doing the extension. That could be a good point of view that they would be taking a look at right now. For those people who just viewed this video and feel free to subscribe. When you subscribe to this channel, it's for free. So it will let cost you something. But it will support you to the channel. And also you will be notified with the latest videos with a good friend of mine, Rod here. Amazing Philippines. We're good. Thanks JR. You're welcome, Rod. Happy holidays, Merry Christmas, happy new year. It's in your way in January. Thank you. Some Lords come on for us. Yeah, thank you.