 Hello! There once was a time where the Philippines was not called the Philippines. What was it called? It was called Island Land. How many islands are there? Over 7,000. What is land? And now we're going to learn about the history. How it went from island land to Peapopland? Amazing. I know. I mean, Peapopland is pretty cool land. It is pretty cool. And now we're going to learn the history in 12 minutes. So, strap in. Learn with us. If you don't know the full history, maybe they'll give you a little bit of info. You didn't know before. And, uh, once in joy. Subscribe if you do enjoy. Like the video if you enjoy. And, here we go. Wow. The history of what is today the Philippines started on the island of its first humans. It is believed they used rafts or boats around 60,000 years ago, with groups of diverse people settling in the archipelago. That would be pretty crazy. It would just be like, all right, let's get a raft out into the ocean. We go, ffff, just push a raft out. Yes, you are. How long they were just floating out there? That's a long time. And expand into bigger settlements. And in the next thousands of years, they evolved into what some scholars believe to be considered early states. Austronesians and afterwards speakers of the Malay-Opollanesian languages began to arrive in successive waves beginning about 4,000 BC. According to the existing evidence, a Jade culture exist in these lands, starting with the Neolithic era. By 1,000 BC, it is believed that the inhabitants of the archipelago had developed into four distinct kinds of people, tribal groups, warrior societies, the Petzi Plutocracy and the harbour civilizations. Also important to note is the fact that the metallurgy reached the archipelago due to trade with India. Around 300 to 700 AD, the seafaring people of the islands began to trade with the Indianized kingdoms in the Malay archipelago and the nearby East Asian principalities adopting influences from both Buddhism and Hinduism. Some cultures of present-day Vietnam showed evidence of an extensive trade network. Artifacts and goods were traded, such as glass, agate, or gold. There were also other items present in the region which were most likely imported, including ear ornaments that have been found in archaeological sites in the Philippines, Thailand, and Taiwan. The Indian culture influenced the Southeast Asian region, starting with the first century. During the period of the South Indian Palava dynasty and the North Indian Gupta Empire, Indian culture spread to Southeast Asia and it reached the Philippines, which led to the establishment of new kingdoms largely influenced by the Indian culture and traditions. The date inscribed in the oldest Philippine document found so far, the Laguna Copperplate inscription is 900 AD. From the details of the document, written in Kaui, the bearer of a debt, Namwaran, along with his children, is cleared of a debt by the ruler of Tondo. This is the earliest document that shows the use of mathematics in pre-colonial Philippine societies. The East Asian Empire is a very different country. This far back is just shown how much different countries have had influence different countries, but in the Philippines we obviously know Spain and the US had a big influence in South Korea more recently, but this is way back. Way back! It's pretty interesting that the first discovered writing was 900 AD. I mean, Rother's Roman writing from BC, which is kinda crazy. I was dead back then. You were dead. We were all of us who were dead together. You were dead too. No, actually, we may have reincarnated. We might have been goats back then. True. You never know. Measures is also based on the use of precise measurement for gold and other items. Well as an astronomy. From the various Sanskrit terms and titles seen in the document, the culture and society of the Manila Bay were that of Hindu Old Malay amalgamation, similar to the cultures of Java, Peninsula Malaysia and Sumatra at the time. In the years leading up to 1000, there were already several maritime societies existing in the islands, but there was no unifying political state encompassing the entire Philippine archipelago. Instead, the region was divided into numerous semi-autonomous city states under the rule of the United States. That makes sense, right? Well, a number of states existed a long time ago. Far too far, yeah. These smaller structures alternated between being part of or being influenced by larger Asian empires like Maya Bahit. Around 1225, the nation of May, a Buddhist pre-Hispanic Philippine island state centered in Mondoro, flourished, attracting traders and shipping from the Kingdom of Ryukyu to the Empire of Japan. Chao Jakua, a customs inspector in Fuki in province China, wrote the description of the barbarous peoples describing trade with this pre-colonial state. Its people were noted for their honesty in trade. Much of what has been nice for a empire was ruled by the Hindu Maya Pahit Empire. During the 1300s, this empire ruled over Luzon Island and the Sulu archipelago. As more and more influence was on these islands, skirmishes and battles also existed. Some local tribes were waging incessant guerrilla warfare against them. Eventually, the kingdoms of Luzon regained independence from Maya Pahit after the battle of Manila, 1365. The same was also a kind of crazy, like you said, there wasn't really European influence in this time. It was all the Asian empires that were influencing each other. But it's also crazy that Hinduism in this whole region was so widespread. Hinduism was all over the Philippines and now it's all like the history of the total colonialism. Colonialism took. That is crazy, yeah. I mean, it was like 95% of the Philippines Christian, wasn't it? It was very Christian and religions very interesting the way it's spread. Yeah, it's really crazy. Sulu also reestablished independence and inventions has salted the Maya Pahit province of Brunei before a fleet from the capital drove them out. The start of the Islamic era in Indonesia set the collapse of the Maya Pahit as its provinces eventually seceded and became independent Sultanates. In 1380, Makhdum Kareem, an Arab trader born in Jehore, arrived in Sulu from Malakah and brought Islam to the Philippines. Additionally, Sharif Ul Hashim, an Arab Muslim explorer, established the Sultanate of Sulu by converting its previous ruler, the Hindu king Raja Bagwinda to Islam and then marrying his daughter. The Sultanate of Maghendineo rose to prominence at the end of the 15th century, meanwhile. The religion was introduced to the area by Muslim missionaries and traders from the Middle East, Indian and Malay regions who propagated Islam to Sulu and Maghendineo. As before, when Buddhist and Hindu cultures influenced the archipelago, the same case happened with the Muslim culture. Upon the secession of Brunei from the Maya Pahit Empire, they imported the Arab Emir from Mecca, Sharif Ali, and became an independent Sultanate. The new religion started to grow roots in the Philippines through conquest and conversion of local leaders in the next decades. In addition to Islam, Islam was further strengthened by the arrival to the Philippines of traders and proselytizers from Malaysia and Indonesia. So we thought that's something we don't learn about either, Islam. 15-20 years of expansion around the world. The Spanish reached the archipelago through the expedition around the world, led by Portuguese-born Spanish explorer Ferdinand Magellan. I never heard of that in an hour. Claiming the islands he saw for the Spanish Empire, he established friendly relations with some of the local leaders and converted some of them to Roman Catholicism. Because the Philippines are a large archipelago, the Spaniards started to explore many islands. However, the explorer Ferdinand Magellan was killed during the Battle of Mectan against the local people of the Lampu. Over the next several decades, other Spanish expeditions were dispatched to the islands. In 1543, an expedition was led to the islands naming them Philippines, in honor of Philip of Austria, who became Philip II of Spain on January 16th, 1556. The name was then extended to the entire archipelago later on in the Spanish era. The European colonization began in earnest when Spanish explorer Miguel Lopez de Ligatsby arrived from Mexico in 1565 and formed the first European settlements in Cebu. Through diplomatic and military annexation of some lands, incorporating local states, including the Kingdom of Tondo, the Spaniards established Manila as the capital of the Spanish East Indies. In 1878, the Castillan War erupted between the Christian Spaniards and Muslim Bruneans over control of the Philippine archipelago. The Christian troops were so diverse due to generally being made up of people under the Spanish rule, including Native Americans, namely Aztecs, Mayans and Incans who were gathered and sent from Mexico and South America to be led by Spanish officers that had worked together with Native Filipinos in military campaigns. The military campaigns across Southeast Asia, the Muslim side, was also very diverse. They were supported by the Ottoman Empire, with their troops consisting of Malay warriors and expeditionary forces sent by the Ottomans, which included mainly Turks, Egyptians, Swahili, Somalis, Indians and others. The conflict ended with a status quo and Tiberlum. Twenty years after the conquest of Luzon, remarkable progress existed in the work of colonization of the islands and the spread of Christianity. All these people that should not be there fighting in that area, it is so interesting, very interesting. A cathedral was built in the city of Manila with an Episcopal palace. Other monastery and churches were built across islands and more and more people started to convert to Christianity. Furthermore, Spanish and Mexican families settled in the new lands creating stronger communities. Much of the archipelago came under Spanish rule, creating the first unified political structure known as the Philippines. Spanish colonial rules saw the introduction of Christianity, the code of law, and the oldest modern university in Asia. The Philippines was ruled by the Mexico-based vice royalty of New Spain and after, the colony was directly governed by Spain. Many of the local people revolted in the next centuries due to some abuses made by the Spanish authorities. Their rule ended after the American Spanish War at the end of the 19th century in 1898. The Philippines became a territory of the United States. Imagine if Hawaii, like we were like, okay you guys are a state now. Imagine what the difference that would be. Yeah. Like if all of you watching were just like a state, just another state across the world. Yeah. That's kind of interesting. That is weird. It's kind of crazy too. I feel like in history this happens so much, you'll be talking about like 880 and then also it'll just jump super far to like 18, 1900s. Yeah, they like skip the middle ages. States then established the insular government to rule the Philippines. In 1907 the elected assembly was set up with popular elections. The US promised independence in the Jones Act to the country and the Philippine Commonwealth was established in 1935 as a 10 year interim step period to force. Yeah, she's really in nice 30. But before gaining total freedom in 1942 during World War II, the Philippines was occupied by Japanese forces. By 1945 the US liberated the Philippines and the Treaty of Manila in 1946 established an independent Philippine Republic. This period of their independence was marked by internal skirmishes and a smaller period of dictatorship. But also huge progress and development with manual Roxas becoming the first president of the independent republic of the Philippines. That must be why the Philippines has such a high like approval rating of the United States because we gave them their independence and then they saved them from Japan. Yeah, and this would have been to when like a lot of the people to like 20, 30 year olds and their grandparents were alive. Yeah. The United States seceded its sovereignty over the Philippines on July 4th, 1946 as scheduled. However, the Philippine economy remained highly dependent on United States markets. Roxas died suddenly of a heart attack in April 1948 and device president El Pidio Corrino ruled the country until 1953. Some communist partisans existed in the islands but were defeated in the 50s. Additionally, an important event happened in the middle of the 1960s. Ferdinand Marcos took power in 1965 and ruled until 1986. This era included the final years of the third republic from 1965 to 1972 and the Philippines under martial law 1972 to 1981. His reign was marked by dictatorship and instability. In 1986, Ferdinand Marcos was removed from power and replaced by Maria Corrino Corrino. Up to the present day, five other presidents ruled the Philippines. That's the history. Why did Romatec Greece battle of San Daphosophy? A kind of philosophy. We got a little brief history. It skips around a lot. It's kind of like, oh yeah, these people are like taboo go kind of sailed over and it skips like 900. It's like, I don't know. It's so hard to find stuff from a lot of these places in the world. You can't really find things outside of Rome or Egypt or Greece or maybe China. Some of the Middle East. That's really written down because a lot of things got destroyed when people got conquered. I mean, I think that's been so long. Think about all the things they got destroyed when the Christian took over Europe and they're like, describe all this pagan stuff. Don't want that. That probably happened in China. They destroyed when a new leader took over that destroyed all the stuff from the other people. Probably in the Philippines, as all these empires were taking control of it. It's kind of crazy just all the history that's lost over the years from all around the world. Everywhere, literally everywhere, everywhere. If you enjoyed the video, subscribe, like the video, let us know what else you want to see in the comments below. More Filipino stuff, upvote the ones you want to see the most. And we'll see you then. Bye!