 What's up guys my name is Miles. Hey my name is Bez and this is the commodity and today we're reacting to crocodile Lechon the most outrageous food in the Philippines now I think this is our first Filipino food reaction without actually eating Filipino food. Yeah, which we need to yeah, no, I miss I miss We haven't had much Malaysian food recently either except for what I've cooked But I was just talking about how I really wanted some jolly bee So we need to we need to definitely hit up jolly bee again Because that was an experience that I would like to yeah, we live So I figured this video would at least be interesting To to see how this is cooked which obviously it's gonna be cooked like Regular it lynch on where I would imagine I see it on a it looks like a skewer That's how they do the car to style. Well, that's how they do the pig yeah I'm sorry guys. So would you like some of my water good, okay But guys before we hop into this video if you would go ahead and give it a thumbs up It really helps us out and getting these videos out to more people Also if you would go ahead and click the subscribe button in the bell notification icon that way you guys can stay informed on our future videos And if you'd like to help support the channel even more you can click the join button down below So let's check out this crockin out the day For two to three hours now, I'm really excited. This is my first time eating a crocodile We suggest it. Oh, this video was suggested to us by J underscore med and I just realized that five months ago LF4 20G higher than me Requested this so late shout out. Sorry My allergies are messed up and he's got something going on Anything that's roasted rotisserie style with the most popular example being their famous pork lachone So I thought that lachone was like that's what it was was the pork rotisserie style Maybe it's the way that it's cooked. Yeah, this is This is insane. This is the definition of celebratory food in the Philippines folks in the countryside roasted on bamboo turning it by hand Do they keep it moving this whole time? Yes for the whole four or five bars That's great. That's like a good upper body workout or you can order from a place like Rico's Lachone in Sebu City Where they use steel rods and rotate each pig mechanically. Is that a sauce mop? Yeah It's not just for the here in the varsity they love their chicken. Mano machine turned until the meat is crispy on the outside But inside it's bursting with juiciness. Wow that chicken is so fragrant Today we're blowing right past boring old pork and chicken and straight to crocodile lachone here at the vow crocodile park Not only is it a conservatory and they're trying to help preserve and replenish the crocodile population They're also growing crocodiles for consumption, but it's that's a good idea That is really cool Yeah, the crocodiles are endangered. Why is it okay to eat them? I'm meeting up with crocodile marketing expert to learn more They're farmers Well, but that's like saying like Since I grew this baby for nine months Well, I could eat it. No, not necessarily so they're controlling the population is what they do right Oh Or they're preventing population to drop right once a crocodile's least favorite sound I think the word that we normally say They're oh, they don't like that. They don't like that then can you start doing that please? Yeah, it's there like right there All right, very good and this is a conservatory rescue center actually also you can eat some of them Yeah, that's all of them we have to make sure that we get the nuts in danger in type of crocodile for eating Yeah, so you have a ton of different species of crocodile here you have two different species of crocodile here But the ones we're eating they're not the ones that are here right yes today. We're having are you about to have me blow my nose I'm just gonna let you wipe your nose though instead of sniff um have you ever eaten alligator? I have yeah I've never had I don't know if I've had crocodile. I know I've had alligator I would imagine well What's in Louisiana because I've been Louisiana alligator. Yeah, yeah, I think Louisiana has Some crocodiles, but I don't think I think those are protected. I don't think you're supposed to eat the crocodiles I don't know. I don't think they're protected Well, we all gators are like in Florida. There's a season I would imagine like I would imagine you could eat crocodiles because they have saltwater crocodiles. Yeah, so but I don't know A full on crocodile feast including the incredibly unique crocodile crispy pata One part of the chicken is this exactly I haven't seen But first we're gonna prepare our croc for roasting today's crocodile is farm raised five to six years old and weighs in at 30 kilograms But first they need to secure it onto the steel rod which is much harder to do with a crocodile It's basically like a giant chicken breast is not gonna hold on and so they have to take kind of the spine Tie it inside We're gonna put in all these seasonings and then they'll put it back together and tie it again Exactly just like pork lechone this croc is stuffed with a ton of seasoning and do you season the inside of the tail too? Yeah, I'm a grass celery and then onions onion leaves bell peppers Whoa lots of chilies here. Is this gonna be spicy? I don't know but you put it on and I'll just like push it in there do some CPR here Do we need to see the benefit of adding the chilies like Based off of I don't know. I'm assuming you don't maybe you eat all the stuff in there I would be the stuff on the inside. Yeah, I don't know or is it more for flavoring because I mean That's the benefit of adding chili to like meats like when you're like like sous-veating it Like it doesn't actually absorb the heat because the seeds are inside the actual chili right but some of the leaves are yeah so I've always For people that are afraid of heat and stuff like that. It's not the worst. Well, what's cool about the way they do this is is they're wrapping the seasonings inside of it. Yeah Uh And the fact that it continuously turns It's like those seasonings are getting pulled through the meat right so Is in this arm at all literally like my suitcase coming here when I flew I wasn't even this pack after being stuffed with seasonings They add in soy sauce so it all the way shut and let it sit in a refrigerator overnight Oh It is the next day we are here with a freshly marinated crocodile you know when you sew it up It really becomes a bit more slender and now we're gonna have a grossing process. It's gonna take three hours Oh, it is like a thousand degrees here In Fahrenheit in Celsius. It's like seven you roll it could But three hours so this has to be done manually. Yes. Yes. You're doing this for the next three hours. Oh man Pay him over time or something like time and a half Mix them can do that. I'm just a little concerned. I just want to use my hands. Okay. That's a top three So meat without too much Wow, that's it's a good meat. How many people do you think this will feed more than 50 people? This is gonna keep rotissarizing and one of the reasons that I Alligator and I'm sure I'm sure both of them are the same way crocodile alligator as far as the meat goes Because I mean they they're basically the same type of animal you know I don't know though because I mean the crocodiles would be saltwater crocodiles and no But I'm talking about like they're both active hunters. They both hunt the same way They both use all the same muscles whenever they do that kind of stuff like it's not like some one is Like a bird versus like an elephant, you know, they're very So be the same consistency. I would imagine them. Yeah, taste would be but like different I know alligator meat is like literally one of the most like Uh pound to protein Mm-hmm like you can eat like a small amount and get almost pure protein out of it right so like it's a like I wish it was easy to get a hold of meat like this Yeah, because Gator meat is really expensive For three hours and uh, and thank you my man. Thank you. Maybe extra vacation day. All right While the crocodile is roasting I'm meeting up with Jane who's gonna show me three crocodile dishes Offer them the restaurant river walk home of crocodile CC Jane yes, what an astounding ensemble of food That was your favorite dish from uh six seek yeah from What was it called something philippines? Uh taste of philippines. Yeah, taste of philippines. Yeah Our three crock entrees include crocodile spicy crocodile steak and crispy pata I know we're getting some of that all the crocodile steak is deep fried set on a hot plate and covered in gravy nice What I like is there's some beef booleon on here is crocodile that's kind of dressed up like a cow It's the best of both worlds. Crack it up so we start with garlic onion then the crocodile meat They're on slot of seasoning has no shortage of chili powder or hot sauce once it turns a sufficient shade of hell It's ready to eat the crocodile is so spicy that the camera guy had to run out the door while it was being cooked The air around it became spicy. It's very cool. And she's gonna just slowly put it on my plate We're getting close to food shots right now people are getting hungry. They're really enjoying it so far. Let's try this out. I'm gonna fork it up Mm-hmm. I'm gonna be spicy the bits spicy but I welcome it It's a welcoming spice crocodile meat. It's a tough one because it doesn't have much fat at all It can be done a little bit too quickly next up crispy pata It's legendary in the Philippines pork hawk fried until crispy and the resistable today We're doing it with a crock hawk deep fried for about five minutes Here from the rear hawk Okay, and it's been frying for a good amount of time. Did you see that? Can I bring this home? Sure So I'm gonna tear off some of this meat right here. Oh That was nice Steaming hot crispy gonna throw it into some of that sauce there and let's try some of this crocodile hot I think it's probably a little too crispy Based on the taste that looks the best that looks delicious Obviously you can see just tremendously crunchy on the outside But the arms actually have a good amount of kind of sinewifat in there that make it a bit softer Reptiles and birds are closely related in a lot of ways It's like the arms of the crocodile are a little bit like dark meat. Is that possible? Is this an evolutionary discovery? We can tackle that later I never would have imagined he's like You've absolutely murdered it I don't know him. Yeah nailed it you nailed it. They also murdered this crocodile You know what stinks is they've been he's been in Texas multiple times recently Yeah, and we haven't had an opportunity and what's his name from What's the other youtuber strictly dumb thing strictly dumb. I mean he lives right down the road. Yeah, he doesn't respond though Did you email him multiple times He's only like ten times bigger than this. Yeah, it's like we're nobody's yeah basically We'll get there Finally after our long wait, it's time to check I've emailed I've hit him up on Instagram I've hit him up on Facebook It's not happening again on our crocodile let's show the whole crocodile is beautifully roasted It's probably got a manager. What is the best part of the crocodile the most recommended part is the mini mostest the we can get from the Spicest inside so from here. We're just gonna pull it off Right now we're transferring the big old rock Yeah, buddy, so we're gonna cut this this thing before jumping in they cut off some of the strings and pull out the steel rod That is a clean removal we're digging in right away. We're taking off the hind quarter to eat the fall the crocodile paw Oh, we're gonna eat the pot I think it's good luck Crocodile arm the back well like the back leg you can turn your head off the hand So I can just nod on the skin the skin can be used for making wallets belts and so on But the skin that remains can be eaten and shared with friends really if besides that Can't just like 10 now this I would feel so selfish to eat this alone. I got a piece for you. Yeah, that's not right there He's like we actually don't eat this From the hand That's really tasty. I did not expect that Like after camera. Yeah, it's got some like firm gooeyness to it. Tell me that's good for a man stamina Look at those Tarsals I guess the gooeyness to it kind of reminds me of this skin under like like the salmon like when you when you take the skin off of the Oh, yeah, it's cooked. It's kind of oh, I love salmon skin. I love salmon skin. It depends on how it's cooked for me It's got to be it doesn't even have to be fully crisp But like something right in the middle of like Melio crispy. I just I don't like gooey. I don't want to gooey. No, no, I'm with you on that that when it's too soft because it's got the like I don't know what it is like it's not fat, but it's not cartilage that connects the skin to the Is just oil. Yeah, no like it like if it's too cold. It's got like a A goopy substance, but what it taught it's like melt like I guess it is oil. It's fat. Yeah Pritzbeam gelatinous. It's got some like gooeyness to it. Yeah, tell me that's good for men stamina or something Now we're gonna dig into the most delicious part. Yeah, the belly part on the croquette All the seasonings have soaked into the meat there. We're gonna try. I got a nice feeling here in a second Yeah, you've been seeing all those beautiful spices we had put in their previously and the aroma this steam coming out You hear it's like a Vietnamese one up nice lemon grass beautiful fresh onions Belly that looks tasty golden reddish orange on the outside the moment true the roasted crocodile that's shown let's go for it Mmm Mmm, it's somewhere between chicken and fish. It's got some chicken in texture. See that's what's weird about gator Is the consistency itself is between chicken and fish because like what he said through through the evolutionary tree Uh, a lot of reptiles like and it's true like I used to birds right yeah, they all were one at one point I mean, that's if you believe with an evolution, but I think it alligator in Proves that there's some form of evolution, but uh, they they they went this way I mean like a velociraptor was very bird right also very reptile yeah, so A little bit of fish flavor to fit firm so tough. It's not bad completely unlike anything else I've ever had I mean it's a whole freaking crocodile. Are you guys hungry? I'm honored that the vow crocodile part roasted this crock serving up this unbelievably unique experience Just for us so the least I can do is share with some visitors and get their thoughts too Trying crocodile the chone for the first time. Why don't you just get one of those little toothpicks and uh, I didn't cook this one So you can't sue me or anything if you don't like it So she's trying it for the first time she's for the peanut every emotion you feel will be revealed in shape Watching what do you think? I think it's just with the presence of the head of the crocodile, but I like the taste Okay, the big moment and you can tell us your honest feelings the meat is quite firm. Yeah, it's very delicious. Yeah, especially with the sauce Wow, what a moment first time having crocodile the chone So there are at this crocodile place But it's like all of these people are at the crocodile place, but is there first time eating it? Well, they might not be Filipino. They might be visiting And they also might just be visiting to see the life crocodiles True lizard how many lizards have you eaten? Ah lati you know we're apart me the amounting no one is on the side. I've never had that yet It's my first time to taste for all then what is the taste? It's good. It's like the giant monitor lizards you eat back home Yes, just like that's something we can all relate to I think so here at the bottom of the park Yes, yes, I tried crocodile ice cream and now crocodile the chone if you want me to try crocodile eggs in the future video Let me know what comments down below. Thank you so much for watching this I'm gonna have to check that out see if he did a crocodile egg video. Yeah, Sonny is truly one of my favorite youtubers. Oh hands down. He is When it comes to like food and travel like he's kind of my goal. Yeah, 100% I completely agree with that He doesn't take anything too seriously. He respects people Kind of pokes fun here and there. Yeah, even though they don't fully understand it But he's doing it for the audience right yeah, no, but That is that is an idol to have as a Want to be traveling youtuber. Yeah, you know, which we're getting close. Yeah, here we come. Okay, hopefully everything Subba goes his plan Yeah fingers crossed. Let's hope that some of the cron crap goes away. I just got my Now hurts so bad my booster shot. Yeah, I got my booster shot last Saturday and the next two days At booster shots. This is our third shot and then the two days following the booster shot Like I didn't even want to pick my arm up. It was so sore like the first two had nothing Oh, I guess so like lifting up like that's where it starts to hurt right and then you can feel the muscle tight But it's like it's so pretty just crazy like the first shot I think it was the first shot made me sick Really sick. Yeah, same here. I got really sick. The second shot I was fine the next day like no soreness at all and then this shot is just like somebody Punched you in the arm like super hard, which is funny because I talked to the nurse. I did it For me, she said it's literally the same shot just half the amount. That's weird Like it's like give me all of it if it's gonna make it hurt less right But guys if you enjoyed this video, please keep on sending us some good ideas. We need some Filipino content Yes, we love the Philippines. We love Filipino food. We love Filipino people We love your your diverse culture. We think it's an amazing place Link is in the description to our discord if you want to see our future videos Please hit the subscribe button in the bell notification If you want to support us read If you want to support us directly hit the join button and Of course if you want to help us out hit that I can't talk if you want to help us out just hit the like button click all the things Yeah, just click on the click click click click click click and with that being said my name's miles My name is fed thanks for watching guys peace out