An American killed in Silay City Philippines
MUSIC PLAYING
Hello my friends, and welcome back. And for those of you that are here for the first time I’m going to invite you to click on the subscribe button and the notification icon,
So you can be notified and continue to get fresh new Philippines videos and motivational videos.
Now today I’m going to talk to you about An American killed in Silay City, Phillipines, An American killed in Silay City, Philippines.
This is a continuation of our series on Crime in the Philippines  So today we’re talking about the case of Eric Hendrickson.
Eric was a 57 year old American. He was born and raised in the midwest.Eric grew up and had a successful career in bussiness.He married a filipina.
His wife name was Vicky and they've been married over 20 years. They had no children and Vicky was from Silay City Negros Occidental area.
Eric and Vicky went home one time.  For a visit and they met a young boy. They fell in love with him.  His name was  Jeremiah.
So their goal that point forward was to adopt Jeremih and bring him back to the United States to live.
Eric was so excited he left his job and went to the Philippines to begin paperwork to bring Jeremiah back to the United States.
Vicky stayed behind in Iowa.  And it was a very peaceful and happy time for the family.So as time went on Eric got news from the adoption authorities.
That he would be able to bring Jeremiah home in March.Because paperwork was a little bit delayed but he was happy about it,
Call his wife and told her so Vicky was elated so one day, Eric went out to a bar, a local bar in Silay City.
Now he had just gotten through, Paying and filling out paperwork for Jeremiah to be brought back to the U.S..
After a long day you went to a bar and ordered a beer.  He that down was enjoying his beer and all of a sudden, two guys, two Filipinos come in.
And they interrupted him and said hey, buy us a beer..  Eric was taken aback.  He was like wait a minute guys, I don’t know you and you want me to buy you a beer? No I’m not going to do it.
I’m sorry I’m not. I don’t know you guys.
So the Filipinos became very irate and disgruntled about it.  And so they started talking and cussing Eric out in their native tongue.  And Eric knew the language.  His wife had taught him the language.
So he knew exactly what they were saying.  And he knew exactly what they were  talking about.They were calling him all sorts of names, all sorts of names under the sun.
So Eric retaliated with some words of his own.  And they had a very heated discussion,
So Eric began to leave, he got up and left.  As Eric went outside, outside two men approached him   He was fatally wounded several times  on the left side of the head.
Eric was rushed to the hospital immediately and was pronounced dead on arrival.  And so a tragic story we have an American expat coming to bring home an adopted son.
Shotdown outside of a bar.  So his wife vicki heard the news and she was upset, took it  very very hard.  But she still wants to procede with the adoption of Jeremiah.
So Eric’s niece Ms. Nemec, started a GOFUNDME account.  They need about $15,000 dollars, to bring Jeremiah to Vicky in the United States. And also to bring the body of Eric back to Iowa to be buried,.and proceed with the adoption of Jeremiah  as well.
I’m going to leave a link in the description of this video to the GOFUNDME account. So for those of you that are interested in donating, that would be a good thing to do.
So the moral of this story, what can we learn from it?  Basically as I’ve repeated over and over in many of these crime videos.
When we cause a Filipino to lose face,  The situation can become very volatile.  Anything can happen.
Now the two men were a 40 year old Filipino and his 18 year old nephew and they were apprehended very very quickly.
They’re in jail.  They’re in custody and they’re going to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.  So bottom line.
We must be able to discern when to speak and when not to speak.  In this case, It would have been better for Eric not to have known the language so he would not have known he was being berated.
But that does not help him.  Eric is gone and he’s not coming back.  It’s up to us the living to let the public know what happened. So we can try and prevent these things from happening to us.
As we live here in the Philippines.  Question of the day.  What are your thoughts on this story as it relates to violence.? What kind of violence have you seen in the Philippines?
I want to know your thoughts. Put them in the comments section of this video.  And remember to like share and subscribe.
This is BobbieD saying take care, God Bless, and Peace!
