 When the meeting started on 1 m away and on crap ... Simultaneously I felt it was inv volleyball ... Being有一 hour apart in the Ass Vertigo Everything just years didn't have enough Another day, another dollar. Today is celebration of Philippine Independence Day. So happy Independence Day to all the Filipinos and to this beautiful country who has given me a new life and a new very happy life. And happy Independence Day. Today I am going shopping for the house. The workers are now working because it is Independence Day and they have been celebrating or a fair bit. They are not 100% and that is okay. So today I am going to try to get everything ready for tomorrow. We got a lot of corrugated sheets to buy for the walls. This is where I am going to put on the walls. We got timber or beams or whatever you are going to go across the wall. We got a lot of rivets, screws, many things to do. And also I am going to bring my laptop to this new computer shop. I had window 11. It just doesn't suit me. It just took good. It doesn't let you do everything you want in your laptop. They say, oh no, this is dangerous. This is bad. This is this. And then they take the file away without your permission. I will seek of it. So I am going to change it to a window 10. It may cost me maybe 2000 pesos or whatever. I don't care. But I am going to do that. Maybe put inside or inside. This is for the wall. Let's get in some beautiful free range eggs. 15 eggs, 115 pesos. Let's go home. Okay, I unload the car. I have corrugated iron sheets and my purlings or metal stud or if you call it and it's all the seat in there. Now we plan to go tomorrow to the mountain farm house but I think it's been rainy up there again. We've got to have a cup of this dry day so the road is not muddy. So don't think you're going to go tomorrow and I got a car full of pipes. I need to empty that. Okay, James just give me a job. Curtain's holder for the kitchen. Kitchen end. Oh yeah, both here. And she found the bars. I'm going to find my friends over there. Okay, let's go. Anyway, need to get a special screw for the hardy flakes. I sell in 30 pm and you can hear the rain. Need to be the roof. It's nice. I'm going to go to the mountain farm tomorrow. And I go to the spot in the house and I go to the spot in the high. Then I'm going to see you. I'm having a good lesson. I'm having a good lesson. I'm having a good lesson. Okay, we're going to bed. So everybody, brushing the teeth. It's a special toothpaste for kids. So you don't have to worry about. Brush your teeth. Good girl. Oh yeah, so good. And that side is the thunderstorm running. Anyway, that's it for today. It's your tomorrow. Okay, good morning. Beautiful day today. Blue sky. I hope it stays like this for a couple of days. So we could go to the mountain farmhouse. So we're going to start really the wall. Because we need that we probably see that's a priority. There we were, we left her for finishing the roof. And that's the way it's going to be. But I wasn't concerned in my breakfast first. So that. And then that. And that I had in good time with the money. I'll show you what I bought yesterday. Other than those metal star then. I could get the iron for the walls. And then you can see some of the prices. This is 66 pesos. Just over a dollar. It's a cobalt girl. She put on five mil. This set of first pieces, carbide grill. Two on a ten pesos, right? Seven mil. Just a normal. H6 metal grill. 85 pesos. What is it? It's $50. This is a bull's arm grill. For the bathroom when we come to drill the pipes hole or whatever we need to do. Form the towel in one end or something, this is very good. But no chip. 799 pesos. The rivet for the walls. And I bought some small screw. Just a bag, 100 pesos, that's $2. It's about one piece of a screw. This is when I install more hardy flakes here and there. It's very handy. I need this size. They call patty knife, very enough. I got some brushes. Very cheap. 99 pesos for this. Two bucks. And on the 50 cents for the little one. More of those rivets for the wall. And this is for spare because apparently this area, they haven't put screws. So we're probably going to do that. In the meantime, I want this wall to be made because I don't want the neighbor to look at us. While we sit in there, everybody comes and they all stand there watching us and talking. So that will give us a little privacy after that. Very easy. Maybe this way. No. Maybe watching us. Exactly how. Okay, let's go to a city highway again. To buy more. Now we've got an idea how many we need. I need more than an effort. But that's okay. We need some smaller size fit. That's the one I bought. Really big. It's not a point. We'll see. So let's go. Awesome. Let's grab some more roof-sheel pants for the walls. There I am here again. Some more of those. Let's go home now. Okay, I'm home now. This is what I saw. It's pretty good. Maybe we put some. Now let's carry our hot bike. It's20 because the thick shape was over this. So It's all that beautiful. Here we go, this gorgeous Bella. Hello my love. Have you been writing this morning? All over? Yeah? Okay. Okay, let's eat. It's getting はじトゥ It's here. Okay, where I got some issue with my corrugated iron, I thought about 1,3,5,5,6 and they gave me 0.2 something. So I had to rush back up there and exchange, she could have exchanged me because she didn't have the 1,3,5,5, that's probably why they gave me this one. So at least I got a refund anyway, so all good. After one hour wasted on the road, I probably 300 pesos petrol, gas, I got this, I bought this from another shop. So all fixed. So therefore the one we installed there, it's a point to something. So we got to take that off. Salad, maybe here, with us. There we get in there, you can see the wall has been built. There's a little bit of a setback with the wrong corrugated iron thickness, but that's okay, we can fix that another day. Then we're really going to think about the fascia and cut those timber to the right length. It's tiring when it's hot, get to tired very easily. I'm a love. She's a little bit of a biscuit. Yeah, you like the biscuit? Maybe it's here and Lily's there. Always try to pinch Bella's biscuit. Okay, thank you for watching this video. Until the next video. Take care, God bless you all. Bye bye.