 I was going to the gym, too. I was going to the gym, too. I was going to the gym, too. I was going to the gym, too. So I think I can do the gym. I think I can do the gym. I think I can do the gym. Hello, I'm Hingyeol. Hello, I'm Joon. This is a live-in-the-pill-fiend. I think it's a kind of a daily life-like thing. I'm a genius. I'm a champion. Hello, world. I'm in the Philippines. I'm so kind of a fan. This is it. Which is the head of the beach. We have a nice vacation. Instead, I wanted to get a glimpse of the everyday lives of Filipinos. And like many locals offered to me. I was going to the gym, too. I was going to the gym, too. The multitude of shops in the Ditoria market. I was going to the gym, too. To escape Chessai and getting out the product. Before I get into it, I'd like to remind you that I'm just... Of course, you're welcome. I went to the Philippines for 11 days. While I met with many different locals and did a bit of research, what I present is only my experience and taking from the perspective of someone who has lived in Canada and Japan. I'm going to start my trip with my number one worry, which was safety. Despite looking full-heeled to some, I am in fact not Filipino. But I figured with my five foot four hike, okay, five foot three and a half, that my short stature, black hair and tan complexion would enable me to blend in a bit better than your average westerner. Why was I worried about safety? Because countless Filipinos told me to watch out for scammers and pickpots. And the first scam to watch out for was taxi drivers. So I installed grad. In fact, you never used to be in the Philippines. But they decided to exit the Southeast Asian market. They were going to take a cab to grab. But in exchange, they owned part of grad. And they're still here. Now grad seemed good, but this line up for the grad booth at the airport did not. I was kind of confused because I thought the app was supposed to negate having to line up. So I was conflicted because the Japanese resident part of me said respect the line. But on the other hand, I had been waiting for 15 minutes without much money. So I did something bold and decided to actually use the app. And what do you know about the driver team? And I was safely riding my way to my airplane base. I had asked my grad driver if it was okay to film outside the window while driving. And while I'm the highway, he let me get on the road. I went to the streets. Okay, so good morning. It's really dangerous. So let's see if these places, there were security guards. Somehow the gun and checkpoints weren't making me feel like I was in the middle of the road. Small security guards are required. I'm trying to. I'm perfectly fine. I think it's not safe. You can be given a pass. So I don't know. I've got to believe that most Filipinos know that these guards aren't doing much in terms of security. But perhaps they've been part of the landscape so long that they've become accustomed to it. And hey, maybe they are deterring some types of crimes with their presence. I don't know. One morning I had from local... I thought they were going back to me. In front of me. There's our local teams in Manila. I saw the locals were following the different sides. If you've lived in or visited the Philippines, what do you think? Out in the provinces. I love the people around me. I love the people around me. Buranga, by the way, is the smallest local government unit. There are over 42,000 Buranga in the Philippines, which means on average, there is one per every two and a half thousand Filipinos. So you'll find Buranga Halls, which can, but don't always, look like this, all over the place. Huh? Why do you have to live in the water? It's a water? Oh, well. This level of government is empowered to enforce all odds and ordinances from pollution control. I can control the condition of the environment, and eradicating drug and child abuse. Whether or not this happens in a Buranga is a different story. What's different than Japan or Canada is that these very local governmental units exist within bigger governmental units, like immunosuppalities and cities. In this Buranga, they do have some unmatched waste and there are waste bins around. Although, while everything is supposed to be separated, it's intact, a jumbled mess. And I don't know what happens to everything that's collected from this point on. If anything like a churnage has this unmanned air gun. Just because something that can't be recycled is collected doesn't mean it's recycled. In the local stream nearby, it's clearly not free of trash. And the waters, grey from pollution, are just too small. I think it's too much. I think I can use the water to use the water. Why is this so many? What should I do? I think it's a little bit different from the grey from the previous one. What should I do? Oh my, we're all black. The water is all wet. What is this? What's the prize? It's not a prize, it's a charity. It's a charity. It's a charity. Oh my, I never surprised with the roosters. At the entrance, there were some. What? What? But inside, it was where the more prize wants to be kept. What? This is the Philippines. So there were roosters everywhere. What? They were hanging out. They were in someone's yard and outside of a nice condominium unit. This belt's so sad that I just had to wait around and see that maybe just maybe... Nice one. But back to the sanitary. There are basically three levels of burrito, a philipium. One is in the ground or just above ground for the wealthiest. There are more limbs with some of them even having toilets inside. For the poorest, there's apartment tomb. What is this? This is also a place where you want to go. It's a place where the public cemetery was living. And while they had the same types of tombs, the contrast between them was dark. That'd be like here, they put a tarp right over that little area and that's where they're going to live. The day to day live? The day to day live. Like get ready, go to school, come back. And what you know, looking at articles, it is indeed a thing. There are a lot of people who are living here. So these apartments here are really shiny. But because of overcrowding, the sun don't allow the people. I know that they're colorless and all the people are broken out. And this joint. The family does have a bit of my thinking- ...a regular, smaller, bone box, which is not much bigger than a large shoe box. The thing about these apartments is that there's no way to get out unless you climb. So to pay respect to a loved one, you need to literally climb on top of the graves of others. As with many things during my trip, this visit was a bit of a shame. It was simply a place we happened to scroll by. So I just randomly moved on. I was wondering if it was a gathering. The mall. I got so much confidence in you. You thought it was the mall. Probably the number one answer. You did it, right? I like it. I had to get this security first. It's a place where you can see the house. What kind of place is this? This place is so shiny and it's so shiny. Wow, this place looks like agylory明白. For example, there's a room where all the windows will be every floor. But we feel like here's a room. Big windows look really look like new desks in a room. That灯, the shoes on the floors. And I could say the door all Crew. Perfect mates are just shoes, are how much their work we wear after our summer with them so our places feel comfortable Please subscribe and like this video. Please subscribe and like this video. See you in the next video.