What’s up you guys Khee Leoncio here!
And welcome another episode of Foodie Momma PH.
And today I invited some of my Singaporean friends,
To have taste of Filipino quint essential Pandesal together with different types of Palaman
Or spreads like Star Margarine, Lily’s Peanut  Butter, Cheez Whiz, Ube Jam, Coconut Jam and lots more.
We’re gonna wash it down with some Barako coffee
Which is like a strong type of coffee commonly found in Batangas which is a city in the Southern part of Manila.
Paul, Kyle and Benzo from the previous episodes are gonna come over.
If you haven’t watched our videos yet I’m gonna put the link in the description down below.
So let’s start the taste test now!
This is Filipino Pandesal.
Pandesal
This is our staple bread mostly eaten in the morning for breakfast.
And it means bread of salt.
Pandesal.
It’s from SG Karinderya which is a home baker, it’s like a home business here in Punggol as well.
So if you guys are looking for a freshly baked Pandesal you can check out SG Karinderya Facebook
Later I’ll put the link on the description below.  -Cool.
I’ve had Pandesal before.
Where? Here?
In manila.  -Ohh
Because also when I was working in Manila for a few months in my younger days they would be like
“Oh Paul you have already Pandesal”.
But I have a little bit more than a six pack so.
Just like this.
He knows Pandesal.
Bu I haven’t had as with all these.
So you only had Pandesal before as is.
Yeah, yes.
Okay, but this time we have here six different types of spreads.
Wow!
And cheese.
So we have here, this is Star Margarine if you’re familiar this like our local butter but it’s margarine.  -Okay.
We have here Coco Jam which I believe you are pretty much aware of.
So like Kaya.
Yeah, its’ like Kaya Jam.
And this is our local cheddar cheese Eden.
We have here the Classic Peanut Butter.
And we have here purple yam, Ube Jam.
So we eat this for dessert, as is  or with bread so that’s what we’re gonna try later.
That’s something I definitely haven’t had before.
You haven’t had purple yam before?  -No.
Not a jam full.
Okay.
And this is definitely my childhood favorite.
Okay.
Like a cheese spread basically.  -Yeah.
And we have here Lady’s Choice one of my favorite Mayonnaise spread.
Ohhh
All of these will go to the Pandesal.
I’ve already split them in half.
It’s gonna go well with Barako coffee which we have here.    -Yeah.
Which we have here in drip bag form like a strong local coffee from Batangas which is in the South of Manila.
The Barako coffee that Kyle is enjoying right now.
Oh yeah that’s cool!
Hmm!
It’s got this nutty acidity to it.
Barako coffee.
Woah, perfect!
I’m more of a milk coffee person but you know every new coffee you try like this black.
Oh it’s not acidic as I thought it would be.
Because you know some coffee is very strong they’re very acidic like you drink it and like.
So you need cream.
I’m not a black coffee person but in fact this is very easy to drink and I wouldn’t drink and like.
It’s refreshing I guess.
In fact I think don’t need to put any milk.
I love it.
Barako from the Split Bean, thank you!
Wow this is good good!
We’ll start with the classic.
Okay this is easy.
I’m gonna do it just like that.
I believe there’s a similar taste in the hawkers here.
When you buy bread, the thick cuts of bread.
Yeah.
There’s like a thick margarine there.
Cheers!
Ahh easy!
Mmm..
It’s almost like a cheesy margarine, light and fluffy.
Ohh this combination.
Ohhh yes!
Mmm…
Black straight up.
Barako coffee.
So I got a good dollop of margarine there.
Yeah you can try it first.
Oh that’s it?!
Yeah!
Yeah on its own.
Okay.
You can go on for one biters.
Oh that’s interesting.
Mmm..
It’s sweet but on the first hit you feel the salt but I don’t know if that’s the margarine or.
It’s definitely the margarine.
Okay.
The salty one.
But it’s nice and dense.
I think I can imagine having this for like tea time.
But when do Filipino people have it?
Breakfast and tea time which we call “Meryenda”.
Meryenda.
Yeah that’s the afternoon snack.
You know Khee I would imagine this as gently buttered over margarine and then you’d make french toast out of this.
And you dip it in eggs right.
I think that would be pretty good.
You should try it.
Alright.
Cheers!
With margarine.
Woah!
The bread something good it’s savory it’s salty but it’s not too salty.
Margarine is like a perfect balance.
Actually you can taste the saltiness from the bread so not the margarine.
It’s very light you know it’s not heavy and you can eat a couple of it.
Millky cheddar cheese yes.
Cheers!
Nice.
I love cheese.
That’s the winner you know.
Simple.
Very soft.
I could eat this all day.
This is easy eating.
Wow.
Really good.
Okay with the piece of cheddar.
Alright, okay here we go.
Mmm…
Mmm!
So funny enough, this is just my personal opinion okay don’t shoot me down for this.
I think the cheddar envelopes the bread too much.
So you don’t taste the beauty of the bread because the bread is amazing.
Cheddar is still good but because the cheddar is so sharp it kinda masks the taste of the bread.
So you had to have a bigger bread?
I think you probably need more bread less cheddar.
Okay.
I think that makes more sense.
I think there’s too much cheddar here.
Is this a very Filipino brand of a cheddar cheese?
Yeah it’s a Filipino
Actually we also put it on top of our spaghetti the Filipino sweet version of spaghetti.
Oh!
And it’s really good chopped up hotdogs and then cheddar cheese.  -Oh nice.
Cheers!
Mmm..
It’s very different from our prcessed cheese the ones that you find in the supermarkets.
It’s actually has less processed taste.
I would say this is kind of similar to the margarine.
In terms of taste wise the cheese has more tough texture than the margarine.
The taste is isn’t that strong like the very cheesy kind of taste so I understand why you guys liked it.
But from now my favorite is the margarine I don’t know why.
Wow.
Ohhh.
Let’s see how different.
I haven’t had coco jam in a while.
Okay.
Coco cheers!
Okay.
This is more of a Gula Melaka.
Not as coconut-y or egg-y in a way which Kaya comes across as.
It’s more sweet than coconut-y.
It reminds me of Dodol looks like that.
It’s a very Malaysian it’s a Malay sweet as well, it’s usually in triangular form.
It’s the same color as well.
Caramelized coconut.
It comes with like durian flavor as well and whatnot.
Ohhh!
Mmm!!!!
I thought that this would taste like Kaya.
It’s like Dodol.
I’m gonna finish this, I like it.
Oooh..
Singaporean friends, if you know what Dodol is let us know where we can get good Dodol.
Yeah so I can try.
We should get Khee to try what Dodol taste like.
Coco jam.
Okay, I just feel like just put one mouth.
So I can taste everything.
The texture the creaminess is like Kaya but the flavor is different.
You can really tell Kaya and Coco jam.
In Kaya you taste the pandan more but for Coco jam it has a very distinct coconut taste but its not as sweet.
And it kinda have the same sweetness to Kaya.
It’s very interesting.
You know it’s kinda good peanut butter when the oil comes out naturally.
Cheers!
Sweet and salty.
That’s a really good peanut butter.
I’m a big fan of drinking and eating together.
Yummy too.
Oh yeah!
Good dollop of peanut butter.
Cannot speak anymore.
My god!
This is got to be the best peanut butter I’ve ever had in my life.
I don’t know if because it’s sweet or because it’s like glue in your mouth you can’t talk.
Filipino’s loves sweets so.
Who is Lily I’ve got to meet Lily.
I don’t even know who Lily is.
Yeah Lily I don’t know who you are Lily but you make amazing products!
I love these!
I Lily Lily love Lily!
Peanut butter.
To me I think nothing can go wrong with peanut butter.
Oh this is so different.
It’s so different compared to our peanut butter that we buy.
It’s more creamy I don’t know how to tell this.
Actually to be honest it’s better than our peanut butter.
That ‘s a big term right there.
Yeah but no to be honest.
Because you can taste the roasted peanut flavor and it’s so creamy.
But my favorite is still this one.
I love this so much man!
I just think this is a wholesome bread like you know everything wants.
Sandwich spread.
All of these easily for breakfast you can just omelette or egg.
Okay.
Cheers!
Any types of ham with this mayonnaise.
Okay.
For me, I mean it is a sandwich spread so I would have that in more so in a sandwich with anything else.
With cheese, turkey or ham or something else.
Yeah!
Or bacon.
This matches very well.
It's lovely.
Nice.
A good dollop.
Is that how you would have it?
Can.
Here we go.
It’s like a mayonnaise mixed with thousand island sauce mixed with typical salad dips and sandwich spreads.
But its got this sweet tang to it.
I agree with you if it had ham in it.
If it had like maybe tuna in it.
If it had maybe some sardines in it that would be pretty interesting.
Sardines?
Yeah.
Really?
Yeah!
You can make a sardines sandwich.
Okay.
You break the sardine up or tuna or dried.
Those together on a sandwich.
But I don’t know if I would put this in the ranks.
Not that it’s not good.
It's a completely different
It’s like you can’t compare coffee an coca cola.
It’s like 2 very different things.
Yeah.
They’re both really good.
Would I have this again? Yes!
Would I say it’s number 1?  Yes!
But is it anything on the list right now? No.
So this is number 1 on its own.
This is number, number 2 and number3.
It’s like mayonnaise, interesting.
Oh!
Oh it’s strong.
Mayonnaise a little bit of tartar sauce.
I would say you put like a slice of ham and some vegetables and egg it will taste good.
Yeah.
But with the bread itself I think it’s a bit too strong.
I’m sorry sandwich spread.
It’s not for me.
Now is the Ube first.
You had Halo-halo before?
Yes.
Have you had it with the Ube ice cream?
This is the purple yam on top of it.
Purple yam.
Ube!
Boom!
Ube.
So you haven’t had the Ube before?
Yeah it’s the first time.
Uhm, interesting.
i can't quite pin point it, there is a taste to it.
So I feel like it doesn’t match with this for example which a little bit more on the sweet side.
It’s like a in between.
This one I’ve been wanting to try.
It’s got the consistency of Kaya as well.
Like the past-y.
By Tita Ellie.
Oh thank you tita!
Oh!
Oh man!
Could you put this in my bag?
Please, thank you.
I’m keeping this.
So I’m ranking it this way, bam like that!
It’s really good!
Mmm!
It’s so good!
I love this!
This is my favorite.
You know what this is the most similar to Kaya.
You know that’s what Kyle told me earlier.
Really?
You thought that coconut will be more similar to Kaya
But in fact this purple yam is more similar to Kaya.
That’s why I love it so much.
My favorite for now, margarine I’m sorry you got pushed down.
Purple jam, yam jam you’re up!
Now for the last spread it’s my favorite cheez.
Good for the kids.
True and kids at heart.
It’s called pimiento so it’s with pepper.
With crackers I think so.
I wouldn’t trust cheese in a jar to be honest usually but I’ve always willing to try.
It’s kinda like what you get in your nacho anyways so.
Once in a while.
Mmm..
Yeah this one conjures up the most childhood memories having it like with your crackers and whatnot.
Yeah.
Okay, I’m just gonna add a little bit more.
Because it’s good!
Thank you so much it’s been a lot of fun!
Mmm…
Oh I thought it would be softer.
It’s got cheese sauce and pimiento which is like peppers.
Hmm pimiento.
In the bag.
They’re like 2 lists now.
Oh no wait no.
Yeah I would go that way.
Imagine that with nachos and bacon bits and jalapenos.
Wooah!
And like some minced beef on chips glass of guinness   -Wow!
So much better.
Cheez Whiz !
Ohh!
You know it reminds me of
You know your nacho cheese.
Yes, exactly!
So good!
Nothing goes wrong.
You can actually..
You know you but those nacho chip you just dip it in this Cheez Whiz.
Sweet version which is the yam version of the Pandesal which we call Ube Pandesal.
Ooh right.
Ube Pandesal.
Ube Bandesal?
Pandesal.
Mmmm!
This taste a lot more like Kaya.
You know how I said it reminds me of
Oh no becauce its got cheese in it!
I still love it nonetheless.
Its got the cheese and the ube in it.
I like it!
Yeah!
Cheers!
Big bite.
Oh!
Why didn’t you give me this earlier?
Save the best for last.
That’s true.
How the cheese and yam mix so well together.
They don’t over power each other.
Like you don’t taste salty and then sweet coming.
You don’t taste the sweet so much then the salty coming, it just tastes very savory sweet perfectly in your mouth.
Oh it’s really good.
It’s very perfectly balanced I would say.
Ube pandesal.
And he finished it.
Right man.
One whole pandesal.
Guys it’s so good!
“Shiok”! (Delicious)
Thank you so much man!
Anything here that is closest to what you have growing up.
Of course peanut butter and the margarine is a no brainer.
And then I guess the 2 cheeses.
Not so much of the yam, it’s the first time I had that the Ube.
Not so much the sandwich spread and coco jam.
For me it reminds me of Gula Melaka rather than the coconut.
My top 2 has to be Tita Ellie’s Ube that’s top number1
And you can’t forget Lily’s peanut butter that tells you it’s not peanut because that’s the warning over here.
I have never tasted peanut butter like this before.
It is so so nice!
If not for covid 19 I would fly to the Philippines just to eat all the snacks that you have there.
I like my peanut butter creamy, some people like it chunky I like it creamy.
This is nice.
So funny, Paul likes it chunky.
Are you serious? Paul and I are total opposites.
I love this.
I love this more.
I love them both.
So top 2 okay.
So number 1 definitely got to be this one.
The second one it’s a tie you know between the peanut butter and the Cheez Whiz.
But you know what I think I would go with the peanut butter.
So these are my top 2!
The peanut butter and the purple yam jam!
Yes, "salamat po"(thank you) that was really really nice!
