Oh
What I know now I would do it all again in a heartbeat
Take those fragile years all your worry in tears and put them on me
Oh
Hello there, hello Philippines. I'm cherry. I'm from China
And
Welcome back to our channel again
Hello everyone, I wish all the Chinese in the Philippines
Good health and all the best
I also hope you like our channel and you can follow our channel
At the same time, you can leave us a message. My husband made his vlog about how did he
Meet his Chinese wife. This video he made five months ago now already
Almost 70k views on YouTube. So thank you so much for liking this video. Thank you
Okay, guys, if you're new to our channel, please don't forget to like comments and subscribe
Okay, let's make this love story complete let's go
Okay, so maybe you are wondering that why I can speak English because I major at English and then plus I like to be
a teacher so I choose English as my major after I graduated I found a job I
Work in an English training school. I have worked there for
Three to four years before I met my Filipino husband
My training school is one of the biggest training school in in who hot every year and every term
There are so many foreign teachers are coming
They are from grace
England
America
Canada Australia, of course the Philippines
We have a lot of foreign teachers are from, you know Philippines and
Which I like most because they really can teach well. Yeah, they are good teachers
They are hard-working and their life
Life actually, it's really good. Very positive, you know, we have a lot of foreign teachers here
But in my wildest dream, I never want to marry a foreigner
Why Tori don't want to marry a foreigner? So my answer is number one
Mmm, I don't feel stable to marry a foreigner because we have different culture. So
Maybe so many conflicts and number two. I'm the only child in my family
So I really don't want to be far away from my parents and number three that is most important
I don't know if we can have a very happy ending with this marriage because I know a lot of
You know the sad stories sad love stories
They don't have a happy ending with their marriage so I don't want that I want if I marry I only marry one man
That's enough
My husband said that in that in his vlog. He said that you're not more
That is the first time he met me
but actually for me that is not first time I met him because in our meeting I
Saw I saw him already, but you know that time he was only a part-time teacher
So who cares only one such time?
Came I start to know him well a little bit
Well a little bit because I was the dean of branch four branch four and then that time
He was sent to my school to teach there. So I'm the one to arrange the class for him
So that time I start to know him little by little the first impression
You
You
You
A little bit happy, but I don't know what I'm happy for
And on the train we also had a very good time there
You know
The first day we we arrived there and the tour guide told us the second day we're going to climb the mountains
But sadly, I forgot my sport shoes. So I need to buy a pair of sports shoes, of course
All the Filipinos they always get together
So of course can was there and then after I bought my my sport shoes
I stood outside to wait wait for them and also can was following me also went outside
And then this time there is a little boy maybe around four years old. He said
Would you like to buy a flower a rose that is a rose and I feel so embarrassed, you know
And I said, no, no, no, no, we don't want the the flower here because that rose means your boyfriend and girlfriend
So you give the flowers you give the rose especially the rose
So I said no no no no no cam bought the flower and then he gave to me
This is the first flower I received from him. I cannot see my face, but I think that that time my face was already red
Already red but in my heart I feel
So so happy
at that time I realized that
he's very
sweet and a very
kind person
Okay, this is the first first time I I feel something I feel something with him
And during this day, I feel something wrong with my heart
Seems like my heart is always looking for him and then i'm stopped
Actually, I tried to stop this kind of feeling I know because he's a foreigner in my mind
I will never marry a foreigner. I will marry Chinese. I will find a Chinese man
So i'm tried I tried to stop this kind of feeling and I also avoid to go so close to him
It's true. It's really in my heart. I I avoid
You know, I really want to stop this kind of feeling but you know
Seems like god arranged everything and then I I took a photo after I checked this photo
He was just there. Okay, this is the photo. This is me and then you know that small man behind me
That is him that is cam
Seems like we're a man to each other. Oh my god
Also that time the big thing for me
You know when I go across the road and then suddenly he go from my left and hold my hands
I I really want to pull back my hand, but I follow my heart
I follow my heart. I didn't I just keep my hand there to feel that
And then at that night in the park and then we two hold hands and walk around
And enjoy the views of course enjoy the moment which belongs to us
And he also told me the the jokes about the donkey. I think that is the
Funniest joke ever the following day we went back to our hometown
Okay, this is the best part the next day on the train
Seems like I feel that I'm falling on him
Yeah, I cannot describe that kind of feeling also. I cannot stop stop myself already
and that time I I always you know look for him and want to you know want him to
You know just around with me
Supposedly can shoot got off
The train first but the thing is he didn't get off the train
He ride with me until I got off the train and then he
Send me sent me to the taxi and then put my luggage at the back
And then send me to the seat and also even close the door for me
And then before close the door and he even asked me can I call you?
And when can I see you oh my god, these kind of questions make me more
You know feel falling with him. That was the third time he made my heart
Jump
So after a few days
I found that I really want to see him again because at that time he was very busy and I was still on my holiday
So I got time so suddenly
I
Roped the bus to go to bauto to see him from that day. We started our relationship
as boyfriend and girlfriend
And then after a few month, I introduced him to my parents
So now maybe this is the part you're wondering
Can your parents accept him? Yeah, the answer is yes, you know, my parents they are so kind
They just respect me and they ask me
Uh, do you really love this man?
And I said, yes
So my parents said that if you say so, we just respect you and then they said if you're happy
If you think he's right for you, so just go for it. We got married on
2012 july 7 july 18 so till now already 10 years now we have two
wonderful and loving kids honey
and mika
Okay, you know after we
We got married in china
And then in which I know that if we got married in philippines, especially in the church, it's really hard for him to divorce
He's really loved me so much. So he just planned everything for me, you know the following years
2013
2013 in july
July 28 we got married in the church in philippines
You know after the wedding
And then my husband asked me hey this time are you happy now?
And then I told him yeah now you are totally mine
This is my love story on how I met my philippino husband
Stay tuned on my next vlog. I will talk about five traditional
things about chinese wedding
and how my philippino husband escaped from this
A traditional culture
Before we end this vlog. I would like to great my friends to mom corazon delacruz
to rina
Dattaro and maria jina tablana of manila philippines
and also the special greetings to
sergino
sulamo jermaya
royal elgin samuel arnold and marty of
arabian
full company in saudi
Hi there
Okay, guys if you're new to our channel, please don't forget to like comments and subscribe
Yeah
Okay, of course for our new friends around the world. Okay. Thank you for liking our channel
Okay, until here. I will see you on our next vlog. Bye
