 I'm out in area. And then we're going to go zip line here right now. This is what we have to wear. Excited. So if we didn't do the zip line we would have to walk 45 minutes. This kind of saves us 35 minutes of walking zip line. So we'll see how that feels like. We'll get these strapped up. We can do it. Here we go. We're going to even 5 minutes in the top. And I'm tired. Steve stairs. All the way down. So we're just a zip lining. And then from there to 10 minute walk to the first waterfall. After that we'll see where else we go. One step. Oh geez. So. That's the sound better than the sound of the jungle. So from going up that mountain over, going back down. And if you can really hear closely. You can hear the river besides the insect noises. I'm not going to lie my legs are about to give out. So many steps. Came down from there. And then pretty shallow so we can walk it walkable. We're touching the ground right now. And then he just comes to this little section right here. Look how beautiful it is. I honestly have no words. I mean this is just nature at its best. Look at this even after the tycoon crashed everything. It still makes it look so beautiful. Some of the trees I fell from the tycoon. I can honestly do this all day. The water is so refreshing. And then you get a little exercise out of every two things. This is not. Here's the tide coming. Very strong currents out here. So right now we just hit a checkpoint. I don't know if you can really hear the audio. But we just hit a checkpoint. And then this is where you get food, get water, rehydrate. And then I think you have another jump right here. After that, I don't know how much longer this truck is. But I think we're at the middle part. So we get very soon when we go see the water. This is where you plan on removing the insects with your fingers? No, I shouldn't have done that. This is where I spent the night. Now, we just go see that fish. Here we go. I see one. Oh, you're seeing a roach and bellypiece? No, I don't have a looha. I can't even agree. What's your fish here? You should go up. Are you blind? Where are they? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? This is crazy. Huh? No! You can't do it! You can't do it! You can't do it! The weather changed for a few days. You can see earlier it was a little gloomy. Now it's the only thing. What did you do? Last jump! But this is crazy. It's kind of dangerous to let you guys know. So just take your time. Don't try to rush it because it is very slippery rough. If you don't have the proper equipment, they will actually give you guys some. So they give you this. A life jacket. And then if you don't have the proper shoes, they will also give you shoes. Wow! Those are just something they need. Oh, and then before coming here, I think I mentioned it already. So instead of taking a 45-minute trek, you get to where we are right now. You're just going to take a zip line. That'll save you 35 minutes to go to the first. Or the river that. That's 500 vessels. So 10 bucks. That's not including your Heather stuff. This whole trip is not including that. So you have to pay the zip line. Well, that's enough information. I'm going to go jump. And then you guys will see me very, very soon. Go! Woo! Woo! No! Woo! This is honestly worth the trip. Yeah, it's a little dangerous yet. You just have to have patience for it. At the end, you guys should work. Oh, that's a good thing. Beautiful. So, we come from here, so all the way down, and then I just showed you that. Then you come up here, things will lose pathway. Like those, oh, the way down there. Honestly, this place is just amazing. I might have said it would look a lot better. Free, free typhoon. This is what the pokes typhoon looks like. And there's a lot more terraced areas where that little canopy free to like relax at, but all the water came through here and destroyed a lot of the building that they used to have here. So, unfortunately, that's what we could not be able to see today, however, this place still looks beautiful. I mean, look at that. Woo! And then you can just chill right here. I think this trip in total probably took two hours, maybe more. But this is just, I'm in awe right now.world map One, one. That's the damage that the Typhoon water this towers. There is this. There is people over, the first floor that just walked the way Where there is the It's crazy, but it's really, really slight. Oh my god. The thing that the sun is covering with the mountains, because it would be pretty hot right now. However, you, even though the sun is not directly on it, you could still see how blue the water is. It would be actually clear, but again, the typhoon kind of messed up out. But still, look at it. It still looks amazing. Oh my god. This is... I think this is what I was looking for when I came to the Philippines. Not so much of the city life. A city is a city, you know, it has everything. A normal city would be living. This is worth it. I think this is definitely worth coming to Jersey and Philippines is so underrated. And this is just one of many, many trips that we're going to be doing. I don't know if we're going to go from here, but I'm glad you guys are on this trip with me and all my journey. We're going to be living in the Philippines for a year or two, or you never know. So, I'm going to end it here. Thank you for being here. Again, and I will be coming out with another video. So, like, share, subscribe, and then I'll see you very soon. Bye.