 this ace Batman cool and we're doing a series on bar girl psychology and This is how to become an invisible man now in the 401 course this is What an invisible man is so? This is course 601 How to become an invisible man All right, so there's two types of invisible man There's Superman You know super hero He's gonna fly in and fly out We're talking guys they could be on holiday vacation. They're gonna fly in here They could be here for one month two month three months, then they're gonna fly out They go back to their home country or Go somewhere else, but they're not here for long. They don't live here Batman Lives here in Angela City He's a superhero who's going to Stay in the shadows You know think of Angela City as Gotham City Batman's gonna stay in the bat cave So he lives here full time, but He's the true invisible man Batman is The true invisible man You know Superman can fly in He can bring Chocolate gifts toys. He can he can visit his Filipino girl You know they can go eat at a restaurant together go to movie together, you know, and then He flies out so This is a true invisible man Batman, so there's only 1% Invisible man So it's it's not everybody's invisible man. All right, so let's go over this Number one She has to choose you You have to decide if you want to be the invisible man to her So this is something that you're not gonna decide for her She has to choose you, you know She can talk to many many guys and You know, she's the one that has to make the choice. Everybody's gonna be different and This is something now you you have to decide if you want to be invisible man to her You know, maybe you want to continue Arhopping be seen on walking street Going out with your buddies. You're you're more in the public eye. You're you know, you're you're put yourself out there more You're not the invisible man if if you do that you're not Batman if you're Out every day running a mug and doing all this stuff, so That's number one now number two She chooses the man with the best offer Not money So this has nothing to do with money, you know some guys can say hey, here's 10,000 pesos of You know, hopefully this helps you you know get a phone load or you know Pay your utility bill or whatever or you might have 10,000 pesos Maybe this helps you get into an apartment or something like that, but it's not about The money she chooses the man with the best Offer and the you know The offer she's gonna be comfortable with you maybe you guys have you get along your personalities Are good she she likes you you like her so you might bring something to the table that she likes So she's gonna choose the man with the best offer Number three The offer is Privacy You know a lot of these girls they're working the bars. It's very chaotic. There's customers there's People from all over there's drinks flying around these girls work hard nine hour shifts You know, it's very chaotic like on walking street entertainment district the bars These girls work hard and They want their privacy Oasis You know Batman can have the bat cave. It's You know, it's a nice house a condo an apartment something that's away. It's private. It's nice. It's It's away from her busy life and it's a place where she can be happy and relax and and have fun and get away from it all so That's the bat cave connection You guys get along personality You guys can talk and get to know each other and you know, do you connect? You know if you connect with a girl or not, you know, you know, there's a lot of age gap You know these girls are a lot younger than a lot of us foreigners and You know do you have stuff in common education goals dreams aspirations? You know Valleers things like that you know, it could be all kinds of different things But you connect and this is all outside of her work You know outside of the bar outside of the whole chaotic entertainment area Social status Are you going to help Build her up kind of and make her grow and make her a better person and you know This is all part of the offer now The offer you're not going to lay all this down and say hey, this is what I have to offer you this is this is non verbal. This is just She's gonna choose the man with the best offer. So She's thinking it's not about money. I don't need 10,000 pesos. I don't need a thousand pesos. So You know social status She she She wants to you know She wants her privacy and she doesn't want you out there bar hopping and and you know drinking and doing all that stuff She wants stability so you can offer her some type of stability You know You know some of this stuff You know social media Facebook and things like that she she she's looking for somebody that she can be stable with and comfortable with And this is all you know outside of work So the offer is not verbal. She's going to look at you as she gets to know you and she's going to be like wow This guy offers privacy no Facebook no pictures no photos no videos. He's a private guy. He lives in a nice area. We connect She's gonna look at the package deal here So that's what the offer is and it's all non verbal number four You have to be 100% invisible No Facebook no Put yourself out there. No putting her out there No bar hopping no going bar to bar to bar and be seen up and down walking street or feels avenue or the perimeter bars or Don't be seen now You know superman flies in he could be here for one week two weeks three months. He he can be What he might be seen on walking street or maybe in a bar and interacting a little bit, but then he flies out of here so it's You know batman He stays in the shadows. He stays in the bat cave. He's never going to be seen He's 100% invisible This is why only there's only one percent of The invisible man and it's batman He's invisible. You're never gonna see him. You're never gonna see him Number five you have to be solid Batman is solid He's he's got protection. He's solid. Uh, he's stable He's all This he's he's the real deal Um, he's not gonna be jealous or drama You know dramatic. He's not gonna cause problems. He's not Going to go in the bar and see his girl work or you know Watching her at her place at business That's not gonna happen. He's he's he's not jealous or dramatic because he knows He's the invisible man. He's he's batman So he doesn't have to cause all this stuff um She chose him And he decided to play the role of the invisible man to her Okay, and it's it's all nonverbal you guys you will know if if she chooses you and you're like oh, okay I'm not full of drama. I don't care what she does at work put in the nine hours. I know she's going to uh Come see me before work after work. You know a lot of these Filipino girls You know who the invisible man is you know who the batman is It's a Filipino boyfriend. It's a Filipino guy. It could be the Filipino trink driver You guys I sit outside both ends of walking street or even over by Kokomo's and tequila reef there Guys will drop off their Filipino girls to go to work and a lot of them are bar girls or waitresses that work in the bar or on walking street And that's The invisible man the invisible man is the guy in the motorbike or trink that they know the girl or they can be family relatives or you know Whatever, but they're invisible That girl has an oasis and and privacy stability Uh from her Filipino Boyfriend significant other trink driver motorbike She you know a lot of these guys are Filipino guys they are the invisible man and their Batman So There you go now how to get a Filipino to like you This is going to be in course 7-0-1 So go ahead and sping yourself up to speed 101-201-301 here's 401 what is invisible man And we discovered 601 So thanks for tuning in and watching this series and we look forward to future videos To wrap up this bar girl psychology series. Thanks for watching. We'll see you on the next one