Charisma, Yeah, They have a, they have a presence about them they have a appealing  a very appealing personality you feel comfortable around them and
many foreigners fall for that.
Stay tuned...
Hello my friends this is BobbieD coming to you from Talamban Cebu Philippines.
I'm having an awesome time in the Philippines today Hope you are as well wherever you're from. Hey today I want to talk to you about
Why foreign men are
are  Attracted to Filipinas that are unattractive. In the Philippines!
Why foreign men are attracted to Filipinas that are not attractive in the Philippines
Yahhh!!! Hahah! Whoooo!
What a joy, such a joy it is to come back to you again my friends and today
I wanna say for those of you that are here for the first time to click on the subscribe button and
the Bell notification icon so you can continue receiving fresh new Philippine videos motivational  videos and worldwide videos.
Now when you talk about the Philippines you understand
This is a country where Filipinas are abundant. Yeah!
They're here, they're there, they're everywhere. and by and far
Most Filipinas are
Gorgeous , they're beautiful
I mean in every respectable. Every respect. Most Filipinas will have a beautiful
Feature about them but there are some Filipinas that sometimes
Not the most prettiest.
So today I'm going to tell you about why foreign men
are attracted some times to the Filipinas that are not the most prettiest of them all. Okay? Her we go.
Now
Filipinas have inner beauty and they
They have an outer beauty. Now what makes Filipina attractive is
Their
Character is their
Personality. Is their what we want to call charisma
Yeah charisma. they have a, they have a presence about them
they have a  appealing a very appealing personality you feel comfortable around them and many foreigners fall forthat because
to be honest with you in the westerin part of the world
You don't get a lot of women giving you charm. Women in the Western world give you orders! Hahah
Yeah, they give you orders go get my money buddy! hahahah
Yeah they just want the money  and the Western world
in the Western world
The women have a tendency to just be dogmatic
Go out gotta go out. Gotta work They're not very pleasant.
so
When foreign men sees the Filipina and it's time
they just have a chemistry about them it doesn't matter how she looks.
What really matters to the foreign guy?
is how that Filipina makes him what?  FEEL.
Yeah, how she makes him feel on the inside.
Yeah, that is what
bonds that Filipina to the foreign man
it
sometimes it helps if the Filipina is attractive because
If the Philippines is not that attractive on the outside
it doesn't really matter that much the most important thing is how
attractive they are on the inside to most foreign men.
Because there's two types of things in
in a woman in the Filipina.  There is the inner beauty and there's the outer beauty. Now when you're dealing with the
inner beauty of a person. That is more stronger and more powerful
Than the outer beauty. The reason why is because outer beauty will what? Fade away in time.
But the inner beauty will never go away. It's always there and it's always
coming through that person and meeting and greeting people.
Wherever she is and that's why foreign men
are attracted to sometimes Filipinas that are not the most prettiest.
Yeah, that's it. Now when I met LisaD,
LisaD was not that attractive. Yeah, she wasn't  attractive like she is now. She grew into herself.
She was very very thin
She had about eighty pounds on her when I met her. Skin and bones.
But I let, you think I let that stop me?, No, I didn't let it stop me because we bonded together.
On the inside I was attracted to her inner beauty
And usually I stopped because I used to like thick women.
but when I met LisaD
I threw that out the window because
She was skinny and it didn't matter to me whether  she was thick whether she was skinny. Only thing that mattered to me
was her inner beauty. And then because of that inner beauty attracted me
that's why LisaD and I got together. Yeah, so I'm telling you
Whenever you see a man with a foreign woman
And she's not attractive on the outside,
I guarantee you, inside beauty is what's attractive, so
Never judge a book by it's what? Cover never never judge a book by it's cover[Music Playing]
Cuz you don't know what's on the inside until you get in there and start reading it, start understanding it
And then you begin to like it.
Question For The Day. Have you ever been attracted to a Filipina that was unattractive?  Leave your comments to me in the comments section of this video.
And as always remember to Like, share, and SUBSCRIBE!
This is BobbieD saying, take care, God Bless, and Peace!!
A towering presence. Run like the wind, be king or queen life in the Philippines!
