 Kumu Sta Ladies and Gentlemen! It's flying kale back in Manila. So happy to be back. It's so familiar here. It's like being home, you know. Today guys I'm going to do something really cool. Something that was actually suggested by one of you guys. And that is to visit a Filipino university. I'm really excited about that. So the university that was suggested I go to is the University of Santo Tomas, which is the oldest university in Asia people. Established in 1611. It's older than Harvard University. I think it might actually be older than my grandma. That's how old it is guys. So I'm really really excited guys about going there. I'm going to explore the campus. Right now I'm waiting for my grab. Yes guys, I downloaded grab. You guys all suggested. Count, download grab, get grab. It's so much better than just getting a cab. So that's what I did guys. I listen to you. I always listen to you. Let's get going. I'm excited. Alright people, I found my grab. It's a beautiful red car. Let's get in. Hello sir. Okay. You guys see? Yes, that's right. University of Santo Tomas, right? We're nice and comfortable in the grab. Oh, there's truly it's convenient guys. You are right. You are right. Grab is a great app. Very convenient. It's very busy. A vanilla traffic. Always. Am I right guys? A vanilla traffic. University of Santo Tomas. Yeah. Is the oldest university in Asia? Correct. It's a... It's been there since this party started. Yeah. That's amazing. I didn't know that the oldest university in Asia was in the Philippines. It's also the largest one. Oh yeah. You can see it there. There's a soccer field. Oh wow. A basketball field. Even the church in the hospital inside. Yeah. It's at the campus. That sounds incredible. That sounds so big. Guys, that sounds bigger than the university I went to. It can be amazed by the buildings alone. It's a very old architecture. Correct. Very old. Yeah. Oh yeah. Love me some old architecture. It's where my father is. He's from Cali. Oh, your father. It's a very good university. Yeah. It's very good. Wow guys, who would have thought? My taxi driver's parents actually went to the university of Santo Tomas. This is my first time using the grab app. Oh, it's my first time. Yeah. Congratulations. Thank you. It's a good experience already. Yeah. Thank you guys for recommending it. It's awesome. This university, Santo Tomas, with which area is it located? S達o Paulo. S達o Paulo. It's a barangay. Barangay, S達o Paulo. Oh, okay. Okay guys, I think it will also be my first time going to S達o Paulo. Another first for today. This university is the university building. It's the university building. Yeah. Okay. We call it university building because there's lots of universities around. Yeah, yeah. Okay, we're heading over to the university building. Ooh, guys, this is a very long ride. But I think we're almost there. So we can see the campus. That's how close we are. Okay guys, we're driving right next to the campus already of the University of Santo Tomas. It's right there. I can peek into the campus already. It's looking very, very nice. I see a lot of green, a lot of grass, a lot of trees, and some really old architecture. But I can only see a tiny bit, so I'm really excited now about getting in there and exploring this place. It looks like a museum. Oh yeah, we've made it people. The University of Santo Tomas. It's looking very, very nice. A lot of very old, very beautiful architecture. Check this out. That is gorgeous people. I'm just feeling more cultural already, just walking around here. This is an impressive campus. A lot of green. Look at this. Beautiful little tree right here. I'm seeing a lot of activity here on campus. A lot of people chilling, playing games and practicing sports. There's a huge, huge sports field on my left hand. And I think there's a lot of sports games going on there at this time. Look at these guys. These guys are like swinging sticks around. That looks bad ass people. If anybody knows what that is, please do let me know. It looks like some type of martial arts. Is it Filipino martial arts? Look at this guys. They have a gigantic sports field. This is crazy. They're playing like two different games at the same time. They're playing soccer here. They're playing soccer there. And I think they're playing like volleyball at the end. This is big guys. This is big. I myself have studied at university as well. I've studied at the Rosmos University in Rotterdam. Peaking university in Beijing and the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. And this looks really nice. Like compared to the Dutch universities, this is big guys. This kind of compares to the University of Pennsylvania. Like a lot of really old architecture. Very big. A lot of facilities. Very, very nice. I think we are on the square, the center of the university. Check this out. This is a very, very impressive building right here. It's so similar to the old buildings you'll see in Europe. In the European centers. I'm guessing this is like Spanish architecture. There it says it people. Found in 1611. Very old university. Yes. This is beautiful. You know, this is the first university of Spain. Really? Yes. The first university of Spain is the town of Spain. Actually, and I did not know that in the Philippines. Santo Thomas, the first university of Spain. Yes. Wow, another really cool fact is that I was created in the Philippines. Wow. I did not know this, but from this information board right here, I can see they actually used the university as an internment camp during World War II by Imperial Japan. That is crazy. So much happened in this university of Santo Thomas. Look at that. Everybody dangerous looking tiger over here. Is that the school mascot people? I don't know. It might be. But that's a good mascot. A dangerous tiger that will tear anybody to shreds that sets foot in this campus. Naturally, it's a no smoking campus people. The people here are very responsible. You will not believe this. USD has its own fast food. What I've never seen before. My universities in Europe or US or China did not have their own fast food guys. This is very, very cool. It has chowking, subway and pancake house. Holy moly. They even have KFC. And McDonald's on campus. That's amazing. KFC and McDonald's are on campus here. I've never seen that guys. That is so cool. None of the universities I've gone to in Europe, China or the US, have had a McDonald's on campus. That is so good. And if you faint from all the fast food you've eaten, we got you covered. Because USD has its own hospital. This campus is literally a guy, a guy, a guy, a guy. Wow. So right there you have fast food, you have McDonald's. And then here you have these 17th century beautiful architectural buildings. I'm loving the contrast. It's just such a perfect blend. It's so interesting. Mixing the modern with the old. Wow, this is a very, very nice little mini park here. I'm not sure what these things are, but it's very nice. It looks really, really cool. Another really nice and old building guys. Beautiful. I think that's the medical faculty. Very nice building. Very old. A lot of medicine students. Chilling there, eating something, studying for the next big exam coming out. They're doing good work people. These guys are going to be saving our lives in a few years. In terms of size, this university compares more to the American and Chinese universities that I've gone to. European universities are really a lot smaller than this. So it's quite grand here. In terms of culture, it kind of compares to the old American universities. You know, like the Ivy Leagues. A beautiful little statue. Or I should say a beautiful big statue because it's huge. Alright people, that is the commerce building. Looks a little bit more modern, which makes sense because I studied commerce myself. And for some reason they always put commerce in the modern buildings. We never get the nice old cultural historic buildings. UST has its very own church, which makes sense considering it is a Catholic university. I read online. The church is also in a very old and very nice building. They even have a botanical garden. None of the universities that I have attended people have had a botanical garden. That is epic. I'm walking through the botanical gardens right now and it is so quiet and so peaceful. This is a place where you can have a little walk, you know. Before an exam or after an exam, just to cool down those nerves people. I know what it's like, believe me, I've done too many exams in my lifetime. You're going to get through them, right? You're going to get through them like I got through them. UST has its own high school. And look what is going on here. They're having some kind of fiesta or something. What is going on here? I want some wishes. Okay, nice. Good job. They're going to be there. They're going to be there. They're going to be there. Oh, cool. You made this a good business. Yeah. Oh, you're supposed to sit out this. Are you guys from the high school or from the university? Senior high school. You can see our food products such as the organiser, the maxima. Our pouches are just stestered and touch the bigger ones. You can get this, it's the best, also this one, and the eating messes. Thank you so much, Max. Thank you. All right, guys, these kids are doing some entrepreneurship. Their products look good, people. Like they're selling some kick-ass pouches right there. Senior high school students, guys, already being entrepreneurial, trying to start their own business. Now, that is the entrepreneurial spirit right there, those kids. They're going to make it big. They are going to be the businessman of tomorrow. And just like that, people, I've walked from one side of the UST campus to the other, overall, like really, really nice university. It's so interesting. The first university established by the Spaniards and the oldest university in Asia. Who would have thought, here, in Manela, in the Philippines? Really, really cool. A lot of culture, a lot of history right here. That is a very nice statue, not sure of whom. Maybe that was the founder of the university. All right, people. This was a really, really cool exploration of a Filipino elite university. It gave me a very, very good impression. It reminds me very, very much of the universities in America. A really, really nice campus. Very historical. A lot of beautiful buildings. So many facilities. Man, they have their own botanical garden. I mean, that is amazing, guys. So, anyway, guys, I hope you enjoyed this little exploration of the University of Santo Domas. If you want to keep up to date with flying, kale travels, guys, follow me on Instagram. If you enjoyed this video, hit that like button, people. Share it with your friends. Subscribe and hit the bell. All right, guys. Keep flying high and keep flying wild people. Peace out. Check your later. Peace out.