 Hey guys, this is Smith. Okay, today this is the radio. The radio too, Karambit fighting. This is a part of scene in the film called The Raid. What on my self-respect recommend this film for me? Thanks for that. Apparently there is some Karambit fighting scene in it. Well, I've reacted to a video telling about Karambit before. And I found it very interesting. It's movement so fast and efficient. It's penetrated, but it's so strong. So I think in Karambit fighting, you can't do this with this martial art. I'm pretty sure. And what I was more surprised is its shape of weapon. It's knife bar, it's curved and handy. It sounds great, isn't it? It's like, you know, grass hook. That one makes this martial art more original. So interesting. So such an interesting martial art applying the film. Wow, I can't miss a canine. So yeah, let's react to it. You enjoy the content. Give it a thumbs up. And consider subscribing if you're here. So let's get into it. Oh, Gans. Oh, the style looks like a kung-fu. Wait, is this Karambit? They don't have that weapon, right? So far, it looks like a kung-fu, you know, Chinese martial art. So I wonder if there is a Karambit fighting scene in it. So, sounds so real. Oh, cool. Wait, wait, wait. It's not forwarded, right? It's normal speed, right? So fast. Oh, cool. Cool. Cool. Well, I know it's acting, but I am still so surprised to watch this scene. Oh, so it makes me feel like it's so real fighting. Oh, cool. Oh, cool. So where are you guys gonna have Karam bit? The weapon I'm waiting for it. Oh there we go, this one. Oh I see just feeling it. Yeah it's with its shape just pulling and you can cut it. I see it's so reasonable weapon. Oh. So generally it's two ways. I thought it was one way but considering that it's so handy to waste much more efficient. Yeah I see. Find a lot of attack. Oh. Wow it was like a judo. So in Karam bit fighting you can do whatever you want. Wow this is so surprising. This is just what I'm concerned about. The Karam bit is not real one is it? Otherwise so dangerous acting. Oh. Oh amazing. Well I realized one thing after watch this video. There are many familiar movements for me in this Karam bit. Which is the movement of judo or karate. I remember that karate is originated from Kali Philippines martial art. I think this Karam bit is one of Kali. So thinking of which I think many famous modern martial art such as judo, judo or kung fu are originated from Philippines martial art as well. But what I think is totally different from is the purpose. Karam bit, as for Karam bit is to kill people you know what I'm saying. I feel every movement is supposed to give you critical damage. Whereas Japanese martial art is not it's literally art. So it's thought to be you know beauty is more important. For me I don't want to kill people but I think this kind of martial art is so beautiful and cool. So I think I should more learn about that. Okay that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. Hope you like it. If you do make sure to like, button and subscribe. See you in my Dao. Bye.