 Future Friday. The freshest. Take pitch perfect and put it in a boss and then put it in the Philippines and this is what you get. I have no idea what this is. It's a people in a boss. It's people in a boss. I know I got told about this. I got... Oh my god. On TikTok, on Facebook, on Instagram everywhere. Because you are the Spotify. You aren't Spotify. Oh, it's like... Oh. Oh, okay. Hello. What? This is not normal people. This is not normal people. This is not normal people. Oh. Oh. Girls, what is that? Wow, you know, it's feeling so Christmas. No, I was gonna say... I was not... You know what I was gonna say? I was gonna say this gives me snow white. But like, no, no, no, listen to me. Wait, wait for it. The 19... Nothing new, snow white. The 1950s. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. I forgot. Oh, my god. I forgot. Oh, my god. I forgot. Oh, my god. I forgot. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. What is that? It's so weird. I don't care. The original is magical. I'm dead. You say it was weird. Weird. Weird. It is sometimes... It's so weird for me tonight. It is a nice film. I grew up on it and that was my thing. Okay, so you know how in the musical in the 1950s Disney, you had the cool gliders. The good Disney? I don't think it's good, or not. They had that good, I don't know if it's good or not, but the music was definitely better In terms of like choir approach because it was like the tune and the theme songs like Cinderella and Sleeping Beauty They all had the same feel of like choir approach to the opening numbers And you know how the credits used to rogue way before the movie started playing And all you had was like this massive choir And you get the fucking centrum meal done now universal music illuminati I think that would bring world peace She's good. She's so good What is this song? Damn the bass bro Mama hall saw your She noise the Philippines because she gets hot and they have a conditioning on regardless Oh hello It's the boss harmonizing on the fifth Yeah, no more human. It's a normal people They're interested part about the video is actually the fact that they understand Coral Not only basics, but they understand Coral arrangements. Yeah, Coral principles and every they're not singing in unison They're all singing their roles, which is very much like a choir You don't get this from sort of normies normal people. They won't they won't even comprehend that each You know each tone each each textures each takes each vocal pathways have their own categorization in choir And you cannot in because Coral singing it's one of the most rigid Orthodox it is the beginning of a oh You cannot deviate from it. I agree with that. And they fucking understood that yeah The thing is the thing is like where are you going? That's why I smelled the baroque So it's not in the me not the other Philippines The choir that's how they get you that's how they get you they just say they love you And then you agree to their terms of conditions. I don't know what this society means, but I think you know they have a musical back. They're a choir. They're a choir and they're not they have to be a they have to be a choir One of these songs that okay also where are they going? Where are they going? Are they coming back? It has the feeling of I think they've already done a show and they're on their way back Because you can see some of them are a bit tired If they sound like this after like on the chilling mode What do they sound like on stage? You better have sold out that place dog Send that video I Wow The men are doing got some work Yes, yes, sing it Oh He's also yeah, these two here are G.O. and this guy in the middle guys like right there on the front my god Very technically sound yes, yes Also, I love that the guys are like facing front like all you're getting is that Mail bokeh calls oh what the hell you have like trauma the fuckers thing they're all just facing forward Me scrolling for Instagram or what is the thing? text Twitter Me scrolling through ex Ha ha ha ha Bro that harmonies off bus get get with the right is Oh my gosh Yeah, we can you begin the girl from the stranger things To jesus The bro this girl here the Harry Potter glasses She's very good though Look at her Larring something the god Oh so much space I love I love Oh Whoa okay What a finish though Whoa Who did that? Who did that shit? What was that? It definitely wasn't her Oh He's so good this guy Yeah, this little girl she's like they're reading as well. They understand pauses God damn I will break this shit down in a sick Stop drinking coke girls but for the fuck Oh What is ending what an ending what is ending They got a vocal wrist they got a vocal wrist What it's a choir group from me that now Wowed netty sense with their harmonious Rendition of the popular opium song min sang lang kitak Li-begging which I think is a Juris oh no, it's not it's a movie it's Ariel Rivera I don't know but it's part of a movie I think one great love I will love you only once is a two Translator oh translated It's a transler 2011 Philippine family military drama set the one where where Regime Velasquez has a song as well. No, that's a telecede. That's a telecede. This is a movie that's We have a 6.3 out of 10. Oh maybe not the best. I also don't trust. She does have a song here though. Oh, she's gonna cover Regine. Oh Play it play it Oh, it is the same song Wow, this has like a more to thousands feel that because it has a very contemporary feel I love their version because it's like that whole cinematic world building situation Talking about the ninth the sixth the the absolute fabulous understanding of dynamics in a movie bus When nobody's telling you where to go and what to do so we have this week's podcast Free with the liberty of whatever theme you guys would like to do free to free to And we don't know what we want to do we could do classics like this or things we have missed sort of from opium classics We could do a peep-up special. Oh the story. There's some new groups that we have absolutely no clue about very many new groups Yeah, yeah, so let us know in the comments goodbye