 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Beth. And this is the commodity. And today we are reacting to the reason behind the Filipino smiles. This was widely recommended. I'm excited to know why Filipinos smile. Yeah, I mean, is it because you're happy or is it because on the movie I watch last night. I don't know if you remember the movie very well, but the brother is wife. She's super depressed in her relationship. And so she says that she's learned if you smile all the time, it tricks your mind and the thinking you're happy always being positive. It's like, I'm so miserable. But let's hop in and check this out. All right, let's do it. What movie was that? Wonder last. Is that the, the, yeah, from that movie? Yeah. I really don't remember. I only remember that one scene. It's all I remember. How to article sharing blogs. Tell me trends. How to blogs. How? Tell me how the reason behind Filipinos smiles. This is our story as a nation. One nation. Beatten. Beatten by so many storms. I was going to say I'm not really a fan of the cursive. Yeah, the font. Storm on the way. I will say this. Let me go ahead and say this. So we had, I believe, just a torrential down for it was a few years ago. And so San Antonio is very heavy. Has a very huge, it's, it's basically small Mexico. Right. Or another Latin America. And they show pictures of when Katrina, or Katrina, when New Orleans guy hit by Hurricane Katrina. And then they showed another one somewhere else. I think it was like Florida. But then they show San Antonio. And a dude is, because the water was so high, a guy was just in a floaty going down his street with a beer. And he had like, I mean, very stereotypical like Mexican dude with a bandana around his head. And he's got his beer up. And he's like, he sees somebody taking a picture. And the caption said, this is why God doesn't flood San Antonio because we would just kind of own it. That's Texas. Well, Houston floods all the time. Yeah. And it doesn't handle it well. But it is unfortunate that a lot of places are handling it. Just like what a Latin would do. Just like, you're just under this isn't, this isn't the end of the day. This we're not done. We're just going to keep on going. We got boats. We got stuff to handle. They got a raft right here. Let's rock and roll. Let's move on with the with our lives. Let's not let this destroy us. That's so tough. Yeah. Storm pepping. I'm sorry. I'm going to pause it one more time. I do want to say one thing. So I had commented that we can relate because we have severe storm serious. Yeah. Somebody came out and was like, you don't understand blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm not trying to, what we need to understand as humans is tearing down one group of people to lift yourself up is or to make your like, you don't understand. No, we do. We do truly understand because millions of people or I would say tens of thousands lose their lives every year from our storms here. Yeah. And it's not good. I mean, this picture alone looks just like my neighborhood and Mississippi looked after a storm. After a tornado. That's what they know of it. So we truly, truly do understand. It's unfortunate. We're not trying to downgrade somebody's issues to upgrade ours. Yeah. It sucks. No matter where you are. Yes. Mother earth. We think as people that we are able to take control of things. And then God and Mother earth decide that they want to keep us in check and just like, oh, you think you can do whatever you want or you think you're stronger than this or that. And you know, pollution and all these things. And then she checks us and she's like, look at this week. I'm stronger than you no matter what you try to do. So again, it's nothing but love and sympathy and empathy really from us to you. And hopefully in vice versa because it sucks. It's nothing that like if I could give up all the storms, all the snow that we get, all the fires, all that stuff, I don't want it. We don't want it. We don't need it. Life would be a lot better without it, but you only get better from this. And you realize your communities can grow like in our country, we have tons of issues. And we are divided as a country because of politics, unfortunately. However, when stuff like this happens in our country, we realize that we're still neighbors. And we come together. And that's what really matters. And I think that this is where it's kind of going. That y'all come together no matter what the differences are. You have to be neighbors and friends and family first before you be negative about anything else. Right. Super storm, you're a londa. It's a Latin name. That makes sense. I have a tiaglonda. I like her shirt and her crocs. Oh, she had crocs on. I think she had to find by the rage of warm. I agree. Yeah. Same for it. So we just did a video in India. People really hated it. And, you know, I apologize, but I don't apologize for what I said. But even in our country, again, this is supposed to be a reaction. But I think it's all across the world that something's got to change. Right. Poverty is ridiculous. And everybody should have, like, I wish there was a reset button so that people that are in poverty and then the ultra rich can kind of go back to kind of in the middle. Right. And then if you're meant to be that, you know, like, because things have changed over time. Yeah. So now is a, like, who's to say that something that's in poverty can't be one of those top people or vice versa? Like, how good are you now? Right. Let's reset. Books not bullets agreed. Working at our very doorsteps. We've been shaken by earthquakes. No, I don't think we can compare to that. Yeah. They're in a very different place. We have them, but I don't think we've had any that are drastic. Yeah. But we always balance back. This is really beautiful. Yeah. There goes so far. And that's our, this apps, this apps we find. That's beautiful. That's awesome. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. That's awesome. I'm a hopeless romantic romantic. I love it. He's like, not the bike. Save the bike. Yeah. The worst thing for an engine is water. Well, also good thing for the engine. Say, yeah. When you got to think about it in situations like this, there's got to be a lot of heroes. Which it end to be perfectly honest. It seems like everybody's in on that. Like it's not so much. It's not like he and like generally speaking, the people come together and they're so brave. Yeah. Like they just, they roll with the punches. Yeah. That's awesome. Dude's jacked bro. Check him out. Yeah. Look at that. You can see his lats and everything. I think there's jack. I want him in my corner. He's pretty jacked. He's lean, but he's jacked too. He's like, I'm here too, bro. But yeah. It was funny. I was watching a video trying to compare all the different Asian cultures. Like if you can tell the difference. And they were even asking Asians. They're like, yeah, Filipinos are just thicker. And I'm like, that's true. That's kind of one of the reasons why I was attracted to my two girlfriends. The day that they were Filipinos. And like, this is pretty, yeah. Like he's huge. He is big. I want him on my team here. Whenever we have it, she's we want you to come here. Look at this. Help us. We need relief. Food. Relief. Help us. We need food. But look at this. Smiles. Yeah. Yeah. No matter what. Like even back here. Like she's not even in the picture. She's still like in a training. Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, I'm not happy about the fact that they do need help. But I'm happy the fact that they are smiling. And they're positive. No matter what. Yeah. I love it. Okay. He needs to be in the NBA. Yeah. See, I'm telling you, they're like Latinos. They make fun of that. They find the best out of a worse situation. Yeah. I'm not Latino. And I do that. Amidst our last. That's so sad. Most. We see opportunities. There's those, what do they call them? We give them Jeep. Jeep needs. Yeah. We continue to live. There you go. That's all we can do. And people are still smiling. Yeah. It's like we've seen worse. She's so cute. Yeah. Look at that outfit. I love their house, actually. Filipino spirit is waterproof. Hey, that's dope. That's the dope statement. Yeah. That was awesome. I agree. I think it's awesome. I'm happy to kind of have some pretty strong ties now that I've realized. You know, now that I've learned, not realized, now that I've learned, I've been educated. Like I feel like if this would have had like animation, like, if it would have been like different video clips of these situations. Yeah. I probably would have cried. Yeah. I don't know. I was getting really touched. I was becoming more emotional, emotional. Like when I was seeing the kid that was holding all the bottles and stuff. Yeah. That hurt really bad. It really got to me. We're both parents. So imagining that my kid would have to go through that kind of situation. Do anything like that situation. Yeah. It would hurt. It would hurt so bad. But this was a very, very beautiful video. Shout out to the original creators. We will post a link to the original video in the description down below if you guys want to go follow that channel. I mean, this was very heartwarming, very touching. And it is very awesome that the Philippines continues to smile and road the punches and just go through it all. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's all you can do. So, like, you know, we live in tornado alley and we've seen some pretty horrific things and we try to come together as a community and sometimes it's hard to smile. Yeah. It's tough. But at the end of the day, when you realize that you have friends that are willing to come to your aid. Or you are that friend that goes to somebody's aid that's that's an amazing thing. Yeah. We love y'all. We appreciate y'all. And with that being said, we didn't post on your national independence day through a video. We did through a post. Oh, yeah. We threw a post out the day of, but it was just a post. We didn't get to say it verbally. So, I know it's past your independence day. But, happy late independence day. We did make a post though on Independence Day for you guys. But if you didn't see it, happy late independence day. Yes. 100% happy late independence day. Or is it coming up too? Yeah. On the 4th of July. So, I don't know. I feel like everybody seems like I don't know why I expect other people to know that are. All right. Like, just because it's so ingrained in the article, it's like, what? Everybody else doesn't know about our independence day. Well, by golly, we're America. No. I don't mean that. And I'm just like, yeah, so again, we're just a lot of like. And that's what I love about it. So, I'm really enjoying this. I'm really enjoying the Filipinos. Yeah. Or Philippine, sorry. I just read Filipino smile down here. So, I was just like, no, Philippines. Yeah. So, yeah, if you got any other suggestions, let us know. Since you've watched to the very end, you're crazy. Smash the subscribe button. Hit that like button. And with that being said, my name's Miles. My name is Faire. Thanks for watching, guys. Peace. Out.