 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today we're reacting to the oldest city in the Philippines, Seaboo City history. Now we did a reaction to this city, a drone style video. Right. So I'm excited to know the history of it. Yes, and then we do have other cities we're gonna be hidden over the next week or so. We got a lot of good suggestions in our comments. So we will be taking a look at them as just this one popped up first. So we're taking advantage of the situation and looking at it. So let's go ahead and hop in and check out the history of Seaboo. And before we do that, if you enjoy our videos, please subscribe. Also, if you enjoyed this video specifically, give us a thumbs up and let's hop in. Yeah. This is the Philippines, an archipelago comprising of over 7 1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1 a fluctuating number, mostly dependent on the height of the tide. Almost smack in the middle of the cluster. Is the island? Enter you ask. Yeah. 2021 population is estimated to be just short of 1 million people, making it the third most popular city in the Philippines. Historically, it also happens to be the first settlement established by the Spanish. And as a result, it is the oldest city in the country, which also means that it is considered by me to be the first place of Christianity in our East. Unsurprisingly, this arrival of Spanish settlers also created conflict. And was right here on Maktan Island, just beside where the modern city of Sabu lies, that arguably the most triumphant moment of early Filipino history occurred, creating the legend known as Lapu-Lapu. So let's talk about it. What were the pivotal moments that these regions were quartered history? How was it affected by the arrival of the Spanish Empire? And how has Sabu... It's crazy how close to sea level everything is right there. Yeah, like this looks like it's actually going underwater. Yeah. And like just look at this separation on that side from, I mean, it all looks like the edges... It's coming up. Yeah. That's insane. Like, this looks like a boat ramp. Right here, but yeah, no, it does look like... That's just, it's kind of freaky. Yeah, it kind of looks like if it rained, it literally floods everything. Yeah, that looks scary. We'll evolve to become one of the most important economic centers in the Philippines. Intrude history of the earliest tribes living in the Philippines. Stress for teabag. Well known, prior to the arrival of the Spanish, simply because little was written down. What we do know largely comes from other Asian cultures who were their trade partners and settled there themselves. Starting with the period of South Indian Palawa dynasty and the North Indian Gupta Empire, when Indian cultures spread to Southeast Asia and reached as far as the Philippines, leading to the establishment of Indianized kingdoms. The date and scribe in the oldest Philippine document found is from 900 AD. Terms and titles seen on this document show that the culture and society of Manila Bay was that of a Hindu and old Malay mix, similar to the cultures of Java, Malaysia and Sumatra at the time. And Indianized societies, Prongopin Subu, when a man named Sri Lume established his own originate. He had been sent from Sumatra, Indonesia to establish a faith and subdued the local kingdoms. But he essentially went rogue and started his own society. It is commonly argued that there was little evidence that the Philippines experienced much violence or competition amongst its tribes prior to the 14th century. This is in order to create a narrative aimed at the evils of early colonialism. It is more likely that participation in warfare was the most public and prestigious act in this prehistoric society, giving males the possibility of improving their social status like everywhere else, participation in warfare was desirable because of potential rewards, slaves, materials, bounty, and especially validation and prestige. By the 1300s, a number of large coastal settlements had emerged as trading centers and became the focal points of societal changes. This phase of history can be noted for its highly mobile nature with barangays transforming from being settlements and turning into fleets and participating in land and sea raids was an essential part of the duties. I really like learning about histories of our country, different countries because these are things that your day-to-day life you never think about. Like when you're standing somewhere, you never think how it got to where it was. And it's awesome to sit back and take a breath and learn about where you're from and what actually went on in the past. Yeah, and the challenges. It wasn't just like, hey, this is going to be ours. We're going to just, you know, like this great. Or can we have this? Yeah. It's all hardship and death and not necessarily war, but like even like in the US, where they started moving west. People were just dunged because it was a hard trek to make months to get across the nation back then. It's insane. These raids locally known as Pan Gangayahu were usually regular annual expeditions undertaken by whole communities in the very biking-like fashion. Massive changes to the region began with European arrival. While the settlement has existed on the island for many thousands of years, the city now known as Sabou was officially founded in 1565 by Miguel Lopez de Legaspe with the arrival of Spanish settlers. And the first recorded visit by Europeans came in the form of Ferdinand Magellan's expedition which landed in Homoanahon Island on March 17, 1521. This was followed by Magellan's insane voyage all the way from Western Spain to Southern tip of South America all the way to the Philippines. They're going along. Yeah. Short or trade route to Link, Europe to Asia. So not long after, right? Could you imagine how long that would take on a sailboat? Yeah. On an old, old ass sailboat. I didn't even like a, no, I know that's what I'm saying. I mean, nothing. Like we're talking about like you had to ride the tides and you had, or the flow of water. I mean, you didn't have an engine. Yeah. And by the king of civilization. Quite possibly slave. Along with it. Yeah. And around 700 of their native islanders. Yeah. They did not lose any time and started baptizing the local population quickly after they came fishing from the king. Who, according to a story, had an ill-ground son, Magellan, or one of his men was able to cure or help the young boy. While it is likely that knowledge of Christianity has spread deep into the far east, this was certainly the first time in history of the Philippines that large numbers of natives were evangelized into the church. Meaning that Cebu really could have been one of the earliest bastions of Christianity in East Asia. Especially since it was able to spread freely without more history. This is true, yeah, mission. Unlike in Japan, where it was outright forbidden. And it didn't really have much competition from the local beliefs that meant the now where Islam was much more established. But back to Magellan. So on that same expedition, Magellan and his crew tried to land on Markton Island, some six kilometers east of Cebu. They were not giving the same acceptance there. Especially from Lapu Lapu, the local chiefdom. When mentioned is made of the Spanish conquest of the Philippines, the first event that inevitably comes to mind is the battle of Markton. Every Filipino schoolchild would know of this story and be thought about it. It has been etched into Filipino nationalism consciousness and Lapu Lapu is considered a national hero. Instead of a warm welcome, the Spaniards were met with a barrage of flying spears. And subsequently, the battle of Markton was fought on April 27, 1521. Magellan was heavily outnumbered with only 100 soldiers or less. Fighting Lapu Lapu head on in typical European fashion, utilizing his advanced weaponry. Considering that under Lapu Lapu's commands, there may have been well over a thousand warriors. I love the acting. I love the acting. Yeah. Obviously, it's a full-hardy blunder. In reality, Magellan by this point in his career was an experienced military leader who had faced similar odds when fighting various tribes in South America, including the Aztecs, technological and tactically advanced methods of European fighting usually prevailed as they scared off local resistance, especially due to European tradition of warfare, which emphasized very direct confrontation that usually resulted in many casualties. I want to watch this movie. And Magellan and most of his soldiers were overwhelmed and killed. Magellan's body was never recovered and the remaining members of his expedition returned to Spain. Ever since, Lapu Lapu became a national hero, symbolizing the nation's bravery and capability of resisting foreign invaders. Today, there are two monuments standing close to each other on Maktan Island, one in the name of the first national filthy hero and one of the first Brazilian. The first bringer of Christianity. I'd love to visit that. The story of Spaniards and Tyranics. It's a tad bit ironic, but in April of 1765, another set of spanish conquistadors led by Miguel Lopez de la Gasi arrived in Subbu. He was the chief in the Subbu at the time and he was not as easily swayed as the previous one. He was defeated and as a result he became the last Raja of Subbu. Drawing to an end, the history of Indianized society. Tupas and Legasci signed a treaty of Subbu which effectively gave Spain control over it. The Spaniards then constructed fortified settlements with the main one being called Villa del Santissimo Nombre de Gede, and also Vincent Pedro, a military fortification and East Subbu City, to defend the Spanish settlement. attacks by natives opposed to the colonization. Agriculture trade and commerce flourished in Sabu as a grew and its population increased over the centuries. The way that's colored it looks like the water was going through the entire city. The fragmented and sparsely populated nature of the islands made it even more difficult. That's so cool. The Spanish brought political unification through conquests of the various small maritime states. One of Spain's main objectives was the conversion of the local population to Roman Catholicism. The work of conversion was not that difficult. Mostly thanks to the disunity of the religions that were existing. Were the exceptional in that? That was Castilian Spanish that they were using right there. This is actually how you spell my father's name. Castilian Spanish is actually Javier. Now it's spelled with a J. But in Spain, anywhere else in Latin America, it's Javier with a J. But in Castilian or Castellano Spanish, it's with an Eccis. See how I would have thought that sounded Xavier. Yeah, but in Spanish it's Javier. Because my dad also has a thing that they had done while they were in Spain. It's got my dad's name and it's got my mom's name and it has Elisundo on the top. And it's spelled with an X. Most people that are from Spain have their name spelled like this. That's Javier. The production of the local population to Roman Catholicism. The work of conversion was not that difficult. Mostly thanks to the disunity of the religions that were existing. Were the exception of Islam, which was still predominant in the Southwest. Over the centuries, Spain never made any profit from ownership of the Philippines. In fact, it was a massive burden made worse by wars. I like seeing old points like that too. Yeah, it's really cool. It was like seeing old points like that too. Yeah, it was really cool. What they were able to do in the time. Initially, it was impressive. They were in the Philippines either between tribes or with early Spanish settlers as well. But this was mostly the case only before the archipelago was integrated into the Spanish Empire. Because the Spanish actually established anti-slavery laws in America. And they also extended them to the Philippines. This did not however eliminate slavery completely. Especially since no laws were made to prohibit slave ownership amongst Filipinos themselves. But it did reduce it considerably. Overall, Sabu prospered. And new communities began to develop and the economy grew. So the water, the water, the water, the water, the water, the water, the water, the water, was not that bad for the locals. Whose standard of living was most definitely improved over the next three centuries. The governmental and administrative agencies introduced by Spain had considerable effect in welding the Filipinos into one entity. Numbers, burn guys constantly at war with each other became part of one single United Colony. This led up to the Philippine Revolution. During the 19th century, an educated Filipino middle class emerged. And it had a desire for Philippine independence. The opposition before 1872 was primarily confined to the Filipino clergy, who resented the Spanish monopoly of power within the Roman Catholic Church. The real cause of the Philippine revolt was the political maturation, a national awakening of its people. And of course propaganda for train Spain is a massively abusive empire. So in 1896, the war for independence against Spanish occupation began. When the Spanish authorities discovered Kertipunan, led by Andrés Bonifacio, who openly declared a nationwide armed revolution. And on April 3rd, 1898, the Seguano Revolution was a huge challenge. And they did the Spanish forces from the... The reason we looked at each other is KKK represents something vastly different here. Yeah. Yeah. City in the Battle of Thres de Abril. As the local revolutionaries rose up against the Spanish colonial authorities and took control of the urban society. These videos that he's showing is this a movie and if so, is it all one movie? Later. The tension of middle was under Filipino control. The first Filipino flag was again unfurled and the national anthem was played for the first time alongside the establishment of the first Philippine republic and its revolutionary government. This success wasn't just attributable to the work of Filipino revolutionaries, however. Because at the time Spain was also at war with Americans who managed a major victory in the Battle of Manila, during which they blocated and captured the capital. The Philippines would not have its real independence yet, however. As on February 4th, 1899, hostilities between Filipino and American forces began when an American century patrolling between Filipino and American lines shot a Filipino soldier. The Filipino forces returned fire and ignited the second Battle of Manila. The Philippines declared war against the United States on June 2nd, 1899. We can't know that. We can't know either. The president of the Congress of the first Philippine republic issuing a proclamation of war. So from 1899 to 1902, the war between Filipino revolutionaries and the United States occurred, resulting in the American colonization of the entire country. Americans who were in favor of annexation had a variety of motivations, desire for commercial opportunities in Asia, concerned that the Filipinos were incapable of self-rule and feared that the United States would not take control of the islands, another power, such as Germany or Japan might do so instead. And so with assigning the treaty a power at the end of the Spanish movement, we were provided for the succession of Sibu, along with the rest of the Philippines to the United States. Sibu grew and expanded throughout the American colonial era as the Americans improved in established modern public infrastructure, such as highways, bridges, public services, and ports, as well as developing the educational system. In 1936, Sibu, having officially been a town since its inception, became a city. In December in 1932, the US Congress started moving towards giving the Philippines independence, leading to the creation and passing of the tidings. So outside of the war, obviously the war was not good. It's not favorable on either side. But do y'all consider the American colonizing the country a good thing overall or a bad thing? It's okay either way. It's your country not ours. So just let us know down in the comments. I'm kind of curious on how y'all take it. Some of the stuff looks like it was good because of the growth of the city and all that kind of stuff. The reasoning behind it, I think was horrible. It's a horrible, it's very negative. Yeah, no, it's horrible. Yeah. Yeah, no, it was basically us calling them stupid. Right. The way I took it. So I disagree on the reason, but the end game may have been good. Yeah. Like the overall thing. So do you guys have a positive outlook or a negative outlook on it? Yeah. Thanks, Mark Duffy, act. Otherwise known as the Philippine Independence Act, which allow the establishment of the Commonwealth of the Philippines with a 10 year period of peaceful transition to full independence. So the new Filipino government embarked on an ambitious nation building policies in preparation for economic and political independence. Their plans would have to be paused for a while, however. On December 8, 1941, the Japanese launched their invasion by sea from the island of Formosa. Otherwise known as Taiwan and the island of Palau. The defending forces significantly outnumbered the Japanese, but were a mixed force of non-combat and semi-experienced soldiers. While the Japanese used their first line troops, and by concentrating their forces, they swiftly overrun most of Luzon during the first month. Sabu City became an important base for the Japanese during the war, and as a result, it was subject to aerial bombardment by US forces, resulting in widespread damage. Prior to the war, Sabu had been the Philippine's second most important industrial center, and it offered the allies a harbor for future operations against the Japanese, making it an important strategic target. This led to the battle of Sabu City. The whole island was garrisoned by a force between 14,515,000 Japanese troops. There's so much history in Sabu City that one city has been caused. Following preliminary bombardment, the battle began on March 26, 1945, when the allies launched Operation Victor II. Under the leadership of Major General William H. Arnold, the force consisted of about 5,000 men who landed on Talisa Beach, four miles southwest of Sabu City. Taking no Japanese opposition, the US forces nevertheless suffered heavily from mines and booby traps as they crossed the beach. The troops slowly forced its way off the beach and moved in. What do they call them booby traps? I'm sure booby means something other than booby. I understand that, but like what does it mean? Boobies are called boobies because they're traps. The only small pockets of Japanese rescinds were carrying out delaying actions. That's a good question now. I mean, I understand that it doesn't have the same meaning, but what is the meaning? I'm sure booby means something like a dangerous situation. Trap means trap. A village to miles from Sabu City. The city itself was not that heavy-defended either. As large parts of the Japanese force had withdrawn to hilly and more defensive terrain in the north of the city. During the final stages of the battle, the mountainous parts of Sabu were also bombed and cleared. A series of battles were subsequently fought during this time. The most famous of which was the Battle of Gacha and Hill. It took about two months to fully liberate Sabu between March and April 1945. Sabu recovered after the war and grew and developed into a major economic center. Sabu's success as a sea hub also contributed to its emergence as an air transportation hub. During the Vietnam War, the US upgraded Macatan Islands, air strip to enable it to handle military jets. When the war ended, Sabu was left with the makings of an international class airport, which has been expanded since then. Sabu became the second most significant metropolitan center in the country after the capital of Manila. Recognized that the Philippines made a domestic shipping port and homeed about 80% of the country's domestic shipping companies. The city was never rich in any particular resources and it isn't endowed with much arable land. So I had to follow a model that was similar to Singapore in Hong Kong, largely relying on trade. As is often the case, independence from any single war. It's such a beautiful island. It is a flexible island. That's a cool looking island too. Yeah. Or iron or prices, for example. Of course, trade isn't the only island in his prospered. Tourism is huge in the Philippines and Sabu isn't an exception here. Being strategically situated in the heart of the Philippines, Sabu is very close to the country's biggest tourist spots. It attracts about 2 million tourists every year because of its location, economy, rich culture, pristine beaches, and the availability of diverse food. Sabu's business leaders are optimistic about the city's growth. I want to swim in the whale sharks. Tourism is really leading the way they live. I live with development in IT and real estate sectors with many multi-billion dollar projects to come. So in a sense, Sabu is a city with an excellent model for growth that other cities in the Philippines should and could follow. So there you go, story of Sabu. And a quick overview of the Philippines. I learned a lot during this video and I don't know why I kept putting it off. I didn't expect to find such a deep well of interesting history that I haven't looked into. Check out this golden street light map of Sabu. That's true. That's right. You can download and print yourself or use it as a wallpaper. Now, guess the location of this footage by leaving a sack of... Yeah, that's a dope image. Thank you, Geo, perspective for doing the research and making this video. This was awesome. There is so much history that goes into the city. Again, that nobody thinks about. Nobody... We don't think about it. Okay, so the way I'm saying it is like our state, for instance, has so much history. Right. That most people don't think about. And that's crazy. I would almost argue that in just Texas. Yeah. Because there's just something about a Texan's mentality of knowing their history compared to other states. Like in Tennessee, we had to learn Tennessee history in fourth grade. But after that, the only thing that we know about is we came over during the album. Yeah. Tennessee is called the volunteer state because during the battle of the Alamo, we were the largest population that joined Texas to fight the Mexicans. And that's where the volunteer came from. Yeah. But beyond that, nobody truly knows much about the state outside of fourth grade when we had the entire year in science or history was to learn about the state. After that, there's not much more. I mean, you learn because there's so much history in that area, because of the civil war, all that kind of stuff, just like where you're from. But here in Texas, there's something about knowing and being prideful beyond the country, the U.S. that Texans are like, we could be our own country, which is completely as you can't secede. It's against the constitution of each state and the country itself. But generally speaking, as an American, yeah, we don't know much about our history. Like I went up to people, it's been a while, but I would ask, you know, when was the declaration of independent science? They couldn't give me a date. They couldn't give me a year. They told technically a lot of people who like July 4th, which technically isn't true, it's July 2nd. But I would have accepted July 4th if they could give me the year. Do you know what year? No. See? 1776. Seems very basic to me. But a lot of people don't know. Guys, if you have any other cities that you want us to react to, let us know in the comments below or in the description there is a link to our discord if you want to hop in there as well. Also, if you live in Sibu, let us know in the comments. Yeah, we did get quite a few people that were like, hey, this is my home town. Yeah. So yeah, I love seeing that. I love being able to hear. Like I've even said, like, we point out like a building, like right next to that's where I live. Yeah, that's awesome. That's really cool. So yeah, let us know any other cities like this. Like I said, we did get a lot of suggestions, so we're going to go through multiple cities and get to know the area a little bit better. So with that being said, my name is Miles. My name is Fest. Thanks for watching, guys. Peace.