 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today we are reacting to New Clark City details on Philippines New Capital. So we got a lot of suggestions for New Clark City. This is honestly the first one that we clicked on. So if this isn't the best video, because we, all anybody said, was New Clark City, New Clark City? Is this gonna be Philippines New Capital? I didn't know they were talking about a New Capital. I thought Vanilla was doing just fine. Like the only capital that I know that's struggling is Indonesia's capital. Yeah, because it's sinking. Yeah. Guys, before we hop into this video, if you would, go ahead and give us a thumbs up. It helps with the YouTube algorithm getting this video out to more people. It would definitely help brothers out. Okay, that's awesome. Yes, we're the brothers that I am referring to. Also, if you would click on that subscribe button, that would also help us out. And if you want to go even further, you can click that join button below this video. And with that being said, let's go ahead and check out New Clark City. Let's do it. Is there audio? Okay. Is there audio? Smart, efficient, climate, resilient city. Is this... Okay, so we'll provide a modern livable space for more than a million people easing pressure on Vanilla. So this is not a city yet. It looks like it's something that they're planning. This is like a concept city. Yeah, you are gonna have to let us know how this is going. And New Clark City is the next frontier of development in this area. There really needs to be a redirection in how we plan and how we develop these cities. The main mandate of this name was really to try and it actually kind of looks like Dallas. Yeah. Into new centers. It's a really nice stadium. And in particular, Clark was really envisioned to become a new city, a major metropolis of the country with the help of the Asian development plan. So I'm guessing based off of this, this is close to the capital. I would imagine like almost like a suburb. And so they're trying to build up this area to get people to kind of follow the trendy area is kind of what it's like. Because we do the same thing. Like our suburbs are kind of like they trend at different times. And so people move from the Dallas to these areas like Frisco for instance, West Plano. Like us, we don't live in Dallas. We live in a server of Dallas. Yeah, like I think Dallas is like right at a million people, but the metropolis in total is like eight and a half million people. So it's kind of the majority's actually outside of the city. Yeah. So. It was critical, especially in the first phase of New York city. We can really build a green field, the tropicalist. That is well planned and that will be truly green, smart. And this has to be serious. But at the same time, also very impressive. And it was done with such transparency and openness that it is really a model of BPP. Public private partnership. Part strategic location and connectivity infrastructure makes it a viable. 10,000 hectares. Hectares. Yeah. How big is that? I think a hectare is less than one acre. What is one hectare to an acre? So that's going to be about 30,000 acres. 30 million? I was like, that escalated. It's going to be like 30,000 acres. Wow. That's gigantic. Yeah. First smart, environmental, sustainable climate resilient. North, North, capital. North, capital. The New Clark City will eventually become the center of government. That's a really nice stadium. I mean, it's brand new. Yeah. It's awful. It's brand new. So ugly. Clark City, my friend. It's beautiful. The first unsolicited reposa was to build exactly the national government and administrative center. Subsequently, the national government decided to bid for the C-game. So they added the sports facilities. So is this a practice field? Or it just looks like an alternative field. Like, yeah, I would assume it's a practice because that looks like a multipurpose, but it's got seating and everything. Right. Wait, these aren't, are these real? No, that's real. Yeah. It's real. It does look fake. I think this is a rendering. He was just standing on it though. Oh, was that where he was standing? Yeah, I thought he was standing like a, this looks like a rendering. This looks crazy. Hold on, we're at 214. Look, right here, you can see all the stuff in the background. It's right there. It looks fake. Because especially in the green field, so very, and yes. You can see the stands behind him. Yeah. Yeah. Lester, like, I don't know. After that, we had to help. It's there. Yeah. It just looks so fake on video. Yeah. I think it's blown out or something. Yeah. Where the colors are over vibrant. And the power distribution. B, B, B. Now we are helping DCVA work on a mass transportation. And the B, B, B for the information and communications technology. This art city features technology, and it's expected to attract both investors and residents. So, these those buildings are there. They show the area a little bit. So this is going to, we'll serve as a recovery zone if a natural disaster hits Manila. So as this is more mainland, I'm assuming I'm guessing based off of that statement. For a minute, the ministry of center will be developed as one of the most resilient. See, right there, it looks real. All of a sudden. Now we're, maybe it's just my head. At least of 100 flagship projects, there are about 26, but one fourth of that list are PPPs. The new Clare city is also a combination of ODA, government money and private sector participation. And I think the blending of these three sources of funding is just right because each of these three sources have their own friends. Eventually, it's people who will be benefiting. It looks like it's going to be nice. Yeah. I'm going to construct your projects and Philippines in recent history. Sports facilities, parks, beautiful nature that will become more than racial. Change show me. I don't feel like you are making it. I wanted to copy you again. What did you say? Same thing you said. It didn't sound like it. It sounded like tanks. You owe me a drink or something like that. I was like, what? This is very inspiring. The infrastructure needs of Asian and Pacific amount of 1.7 trillion US dollars. Wow. The government can bridge only about 40% of the gap amount. And the other 60% must come from private sector. OPP main function is advisory service, not lending. OPP focus on providing transactional advisory. There's a lot of money to support our public sector clients, create and structure commercially viable OPP projects. I am quite confident that we can play a big role to bridge the needs of public sector and private partners. Those private partners are going to cash out in the long run. Yeah, they are. That's insane. I like how they have, let me get rid of this. I like how they have the grass going over the real way. And it looks like grass on top of everything. Unless that's just coloring. Well, that's supposed to be a green city. Yeah. I'm going to make up all of its carbon monoxide up with green. That is gorgeous. Southern Gateway District. This area kind of reminds me of the area where the... What's that insurance place that we have over there? That's right off of George Bush. I have no idea. You know what I'm talking about with the state farm. The state farm buildings and all that? Yeah. There's a whole bunch of nice things and all that kind of stuff. That's what this is making me think like what they were wanting to do. Right. But it came up quite a bit short to this. Yeah. That's going to be amazing. Yeah, if they can pull this off, I mean, obviously they will eventually. Yeah. They're going to have to have a lot of... Because they said 40% they can cover? Yeah. So 60% is going to have to come from private investors. It's a lot of money. It's going to be gorgeous. This could be one of the most beautiful cities in the world if it comes out like this. Right. lifestyle district. Leisure districts. Jeez, Louise. I'll be hanging out with the leisure district. That's where I'd be the whole time. Where do you live? Oh, in the leisure district. This is going to be such a huge city. I think it's going to actually be small. It's just going to be very compact. Oh, wow. That's dope. That is dope. Would be really cool as if that was actually a part of it. It could be. Probably a hotel. Yeah. That's what I'm guessing is a hotel. But it'd be really cool if they made that in the apartment. Because we headed there right now. Depending on the... That's cool. Depending on hotel stays, prices in the Philippines, you might could make that a long time. Right. Have your linens changed every day. Yeah. Wow. See, it is small. It's... But it's very dense. Right. That's insane. I want to see that happen. Yeah. I want to see that happen sooner than later. I'm sure you guys do too. Yeah. Let us know in the comments how you feel about it. Because again, he said 40% they could cover and then 60% is going to have to come from private investors. I know that the forest city was mainly private investors. And that's what they didn't like about it. Yeah. So let us know your thoughts on it. And to be fair, everything here in the US is private investors. Yeah. I mean, some of it's done by the city, but it's then relayed into taxes. Right. So the city isn't actually... They're just fronting the cash and then the taxpayers or people that come and visit pay back through taxes. So let us know in the comments what you guys think about it from the outside looking in. This is exciting. Yeah. It looks beautiful. I'd love to visit it. I'd love to live there, actually. This could be one of the most beautiful cities in the world. If it turns out the way that... I would say unique because there's some pretty crazy cities out there. Yeah, there is. Yeah. I'd say pretty unique. So let us know if there's any other videos about New Clark City or if there's any other cities like this that you would like us to take a look at. Also if you did enjoy this video, go ahead and hit the like button. If you want to see our future videos, hit the subscribe and hit that bell notification. And of course if you want to support us directly, hit the join button. And with that being said, my name is Miles. And my name is Fence. Thanks for watching guys. Peace. Out.