 Hello, good morning, good evening and welcome to Big World Cinema. Without further ado, we'll continue with what you're here for. And now that we're monetized, please don't skip the ads. Thank you. You'd be forgiven for thinking that Borachai Island only consists of just one beach, due to all the images posted of pristine white beach that stretches for four kilometers. But there are actually 17 beaches dotted around Borachai Island. Very close to white beach on the other side of the island is Bullabog Beach, when I say the other side of the island. It's only a 10 minute walk away. As the width of the island, this narrower point of the island, is only a kilometer wide. Having stayed at station 3 on the west coast for six nights, paying 800 pesos at a homestay a night and washing in cold water, I decided to treat myself for my final two nights in Borachai. And head to the east coast, which is where the sun rises, so at least I might be up in time for sunrise for once. I booked a hotel in Bullabog on booking.com with the balcony paying 1455 pesos a night. Yeah, I know I've had an upper limit of not spending more than 1,000 pesos a night for the past four months, but it was my final two nights before flying back to Sabu. So I thought I'd treat myself. Checking out of my homestay, I got to the cool stay in before 1pm. I was told that checking was 2pm. Filipinos are a funny bunch. They will normally quote the rules and then waver a little. And you'll normally get your way. Or they can be utterly regimental and won't barge an inch. Which isn't cool at all. Maybe my room was being cleaned and wasn't ready for me. So I had to leave my backpack in the reception area and walk down to the beach, so kill an hour before checking in. Good morning. Good morning. How are you? Good. Welcome to Closet. Thank you very much. Thank you for having me. So I thought I'd treat myself on my last two nights in Balakai, spending 1,400 pesos on this bedroom in Balabag. Balabag near Balabag Beach. Which is not far from White Beach, but you're in between the two beaches. So 14,100 pesos for the past four months of generally stacked to 1,000 pesos or nine. And here's my office at up by the window, Lavaloo. A bit different to the homestay I was staying in on station three. And actually what attracted me to this hotel was the balcony. I love a balcony. Look at this. That's the way going to Deemor. That's the way going to White Beach. And there's Balabag Beach. The building opposite was fascinating. It was or had been, and a part-el restaurant store, which looked like the life had been squeezed out of it. And seemed to be clinging on for dear life now. I'd see a foreigner at nighttime walking up the precarious staircase, who was obviously living there. It would be interesting to know what condition the property was inside. It was called Island Girl, which is also a great song by Elton John. Don't worry, I won't sing it for you. It's the way to Balabag Beach at the end. And there's a couple of nice cheap part on eateries here. And then one across the road. They're going to try to one across the road in the sunshine. So I'm sitting across from my hotel in Balabag Beach. It's actually a log of 99.5. I can't remember what it's called, it's paved in from all the ways. But that is 50 places, so that's what? 149 places. People say that Boravag is expensive, but you can find places to eat off the main drag. You can find places away from white beach, away from the touristy areas. Come along, you come to the back streets and you can find plenty of places to eat, which are a lot cheaper. 149 places to break this. That is not a bad deal. But people tend to stay close to the tourist spots and don't move away from the tourist areas. And so it's going to be expensive, but you can find cheaper places to eat. But eating on the main drag, eating on the seafront is going to be a lot more expensive. You can find how expensive Boravag is. But it's going to be expensive if you stay on the seafront. It's one of the alleys off to the main street. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. Then go and sit on the beach. Then go and sit on the beach. Then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. And then go and sit on the beach. It's going to be a bit of whistle. Let's get on with this one. I'm going with this one. So that's part of the climate. In 2022 the government announced that the closure had been successful in rehabilitating the islands environment. Although it had also had a significant effect on the livelihood of local people. The government announced that the island environment was not the only one that was the only one that was the only one that was the only one that was the only one that was the one that was the only one that was the only one that was the only one that was the only one that was the the only one that was the only one that was the only one that was the only one that was the only one. It's amazing what can happen to weather patterns in the short distance from white beach, It's amazing what can happen to weather patterns in the short distance from white beach. Boulevard is not really a beach where you come to swim, unless you want to get struck by a fly an object. Due to strong winds consistently reaching between the two islands and the bridge, it's amazing what can happen to weather patterns in the short distance from white beach. Due to strong winds consistently reaching between 15-25 knots during the season December to March, many kite surfing and wind surfing schools have set up shop on this side of the island. Don't miss out on quality brawel casting. Please like, share and subscribe to Big World Cinema. Thank you. You look lovely ladies. Hello. Where are you? What can you do? England. How about you? Where are you from? I was in Tavao at Christmas time. I stayed near City Hall in the centre. Yeah. It's very lovely. You have a lovely city there. I should have described it as this. Yes. Yes. And it was very wet. Well, so you were just here for the weekend? Yes. How are you finding it? Is it your first time here? Have you been here before? Some. Some. Okay. And it's the weather. It's good for you? Yes. It's not hot enough. It needs to be hot for you. I know it's good for you. We like it hotter. Nice to meet you. Take care. Bye-bye. Thank you. Thank you. Two of Guides always bring tourists this famous leaning coconut palm tree to line up and have their photographs taken. I'm fascinated by human behaviour. However one flocks to have their photographs taken at the same spot as everyone else. Boy friend, I really need to go to Barakai to have my photograph taken on that leaning tree. Okay, sweetheart. Anything that makes you happy? But two of Guides nowadays are not just guiding people to the places. They're actually directing their subjects to sit or stand on a specific spot whilst they themselves double up as a photographer. Bizarre. Almost as bizarre as couples wearing the same clothes. Twins. Yay! In Tokyo I took photographs of the cherry blossom trees. Not just the cherry blossom trees themselves, but images of the Japanese taking selfies in front of the cherry blossom trees, which was far more interesting. I'm going to take a picture of the cherry blossom trees. I'm going to take a picture of the cherry blossom trees. I'm going to take a picture of the cherry blossom trees. I'm going to take a picture of the cherry blossom trees. I'm going to take a picture of the cherry blossom trees. I'm going to take a picture of the cherry blossom trees. I'm going to take a picture of the cherry blossom trees. I'm going to take a picture of the cherry blossom trees. I'm going to take a picture of the cherry blossom trees. I'm going to take a picture of the cherry blossom trees. I am going to take a picture of the cherry blossom trees. Bullock is a nice quieter beach and escape from white beach. Although there's not really much in the area to get too excited about. As it's close to white beach you can just come for a visit anyway. But if you really need to get away from the busier white beach area, it's a nice area to stay. There are a number of hotels and guest houses on this side of the island. Levantine on the seafront seems like a good spot. I went there for breakfast one morning and it seems a very popular place to hang out, although slightly above my budget to stay there. Walking down to the beach area after sunset, the area was in complete darkness without street lighting. And with very few places around to eat and drink near the beach, it didn't feel like a great place to linger after dark. But you could stay in one of the roads around Bullock-Bogg Beach and walk to the busy part of the island at D-Maw or of white beach. Which is close anyway. Here at BWC we are a sharing community. So could you kindly keep uncle content by sharing this video with your friends? Thank you. So I'm on Bullock-Bogg Beach. The other side from White Beach, the other side of the island from White Beach. And this is sunrise. I haven't been up at sunrise for the last four months. So finally at the end of my trip. I am seeing sunrise for the first time. I used to be up all the time in Sabouf for sunrise, but since I've been travelling for the last four months, I've missed it. And I have missed it. It's a great time to be up. So start of the day. I'd rather see sunrise as sunset. As I said before, sunset for me signifies another day closer to the grave. As you can see, there are other people here for sunrise. Not as many as for sunset though. The number of people that gather at sunset over on White Beach is amazing. The beach gets so crowded. Like I explained, the height of the room is higher than that or less like the first place. It's like, I don't know. Oh, I'm going to call the guy. Wait, I'm calling the guy. Oh, no, no. I'm going to call the guy. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. I'm going to try to help you. Oh, no. I'm going to try to help you. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Where are you from? Seven. Seven. Seven. I was at a resort. Is it a hotel or a resort? Is it a hotel? It's a dependsary. We were a lot of work leaning the entrance and... ...and you can't come and do the beach as well. That's great. That's lovely. And you get to see sunrise. Yeah. Beautiful time of day. So funny, she's about... ...she's not even 4 foot tall. She's not even 4 foot tall. I'm trying to get weird when... ...the foreigners choose girls that are... ...very, very tiny. She's like 4 foot tall. She is 6 foot. 5 foot 10. She's no more than 4 foot 6. I know each to their own as people have said to me. But when foreigners choose girls that are tiny... ...it just looks odd. She's like a child. For each to their own. Hello ladies. You don't let your going running or jogging. You are going running. Very good. Lovely. Take care. We interrupt this broadcast. I'm afraid the corgis have escaped their kennels. One of which has chronic diarrhea. So I'd advise you to subscribe to this channel. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So it's Monday morning and I'm on the beach on Bullabug. Bullabug beach in Burakai. Or Burakia as the locals say. I stayed in Goa for that winter a few years ago. In India. I'd be up every morning walking the beach. Every day I'd walk the beach. After sunrise. Well the sun rose over the other side of the island. I'd walk along the beach every day and it's such a wonderful start to the day walking along the beach. But since I've been in the Philippines, I haven't done many early morning walks. I miss that. I miss starting the day with an early morning walk. I think I've got out of the habit in Sabu because they're walking the streets of Sabu. The city in the morning is not as pleasant an experience as walking along the beach. A beautiful beach at sunrise. It's funny how when people say, oh I'm going to retire to such and such a place. There's so many different countries where you can live. At the moment I don't know where I want to live. And I don't think you need to tie yourself down to one particular place. Why stay in one country? Why not move around to different countries in the area? Stay three or six months in one country then move on to another country. Especially as somewhere like Vietnam, where as Brits we are only allowed 30 days at the moment. And then we have to leave the country which is a little bit annoying. If you're going to Thailand 60 days then you can extend for 30 days and then you need to leave unless you're on one of those other longer term. Tourist visas or long stay visas. Cambodia I think two or three months, maybe six months that you can stay. Philippines three years. But the Philippines is an exception. They like us. They're not welcoming then a lot of other Asian countries. Well we can only stay there short time. I think if you've got the motivation to move around, bounce between different countries then. Why not? Don't just stay in one country or the rest of your life, the rest of your time. If you liked the video please could you like, share and subscribe. And don't forget to ding the notification bell to see my videos before your friends. See you on the next video. Take care everyone.