 Alright, today's reaction video is pretty straight forward. The title reads, top 10 foreign celebrities who insulted Filipinos. Discussing. Who are these 10 foreign celebrities and why in the world would they insult the Philippines and Filipinos? I want to know that. If you are new to the channel, welcome. Madigayang pakababadexaachinchano. My name is Overea. I'm a sound engineer, beat maker and content creator on YouTube. And with that being said, let's figure out. Let's see if these insults are warranted. I highly doubt it, but you never know. Let's get to it. I recently came across a disturbing video of foreigners disrespecting Filipinos and the Philippines. So I did an extensive research on why foreigners look down on Filipinos. In other words, why foreigners think that Filipinos are inferior to them? I see, this is pretty new to me. That's one of the reasons why I wanted to react to this video because I have never seen or heard a celebrity or a foreigner in general insult Filipinos except for those African-American women who were upset that their men were leaving to the Philippines to find wives. That's it. The passport grows in situations. The passport grows in situations. And this hospitality is rooted in the empathic Filipino culture. Most Filipinos are humble and respectful. I could not understand why they are being looked down on. So, I would have tested that. It really is nice. We really love the people. They are always smiling. Life is great here. Weather is great. People are all so cool and nice. I love it. It's a great place. I've only been here for a couple of weeks, but so far I love it. The people are amazing and friendly. Everything is convenient. And so far everything has been really good. It's been what I expected. I'm nature is amazing and people are very humble. I love it. People are super, super kind. I came here for years ago for the first time and we just couldn't wait to come back. It's just beautiful nature. Lovely people. Super helpful, super easy to communicate with because so many people speak English. Filipinos who travel abroad usually. You know, and the proof is in with those foreigners who decide to travel to the Philippines to just visit the Philippines for a few days, perhaps a few weeks and end up staying in the Philippines for months, maybe even years. I mean, isn't there like that Canadian from Montreal as well? Luis, Luis Portel or Porteles, right? I think that dude, like went to visit the Philippines and then decided to stay in the Philippines for so many months. That is just proof that Filipinos and the Philippines is such a welcoming country, you know, where you feel comfortable and I know for certain that that's going to be my experience in May 2024. You know, there are a lot of you that contact me that try to lower my expectations. They are afraid that my expectations for the Philippines are too high. Do not bother. My expectations are right where they need to be, okay? Because I've been informing myself, I've been reacting to so many Filipino content, I've been in contact with Filipinos with there, be via social media or even in real life. So I know exactly what to expect and I think everything is going to be just great. But thank you. What show is this? He keeps saying that Filipinos are being looked down on but so far he hasn't given us any examples. I'm going to read a few comments, okay? I'm going to provide my own insights. The comments will help you better understand why foreigners mark Filipinos. The first comment is from Jan Yee. He's a Singaporean, I believe. He writes, Okay. Actually, there are also quite a few middle eastern countries who also looks down on Filipinos. In places like Hong Kong and Singapore, where the economies are doing well, many people tend to focus a lot on showing off their success. This means they often try hard to look rich and successful. They might care a lot about having things that show off their high status, like fancy cars or expensive clothes. They build their image around the idea of life. This just not life. This happens because being successful and having a good image are important in these places, where the economy is strong. Some people in other Asian countries might not think highly of the Philippines because it's not a wealthy country, it's not as wealthy as those countries. People often associate in the... You know, the looks and money and stuff is just fluff. It's just that. It's just stuff. When you remove all that, what stays really in the end? It's education, traditions, culture, education, and the heart of a person. You know what I'm saying? Fortunately, money is something that we need because that's how society was built. Society was built around money, but if you think about it, if society was built differently, we wouldn't even need it and we wouldn't even feel the need to show off that we have money. We would focus on things that are more important, like kindness and togetherness. And I feel like those are traits that Filipinos have and understood. It shouldn't be wealth with its value, but it's important to remember that every country has unique strengths beyond just money, life, culture, traditions, and kindness. That's exactly what I just said. In some Middle Eastern countries, some people might not think very highly of the Philippines because the Philippines is not as rich as those Middle Eastern countries. I have never stepped foot in Dubai. And I'm not even interested in mentioning that I stayed in Dubai for a month and it was a horrible experience. I do not enjoy my one month stay in Dubai. Why? What are the reasons? Yeah, there you go. It's faith. It's no place of nature around. Everything seemed to be brought in from other countries. They don't grow vegetables in Dubai because it's a desert. It's really hard to feel bored in the Philippines. There are so many things you can do, even just sitting on a bench in a park and watching people live their lives can be an interest in their creativity. The Philippines. So far, I'm enjoying the video, but the title of the video says, the foreign celebrities who insulted Filipinos. And so far, he hasn't even spoken about what he mentioned in the title. And that, to me, feels like clickbait. It bothers me. At least start with that and then you can talk about something else in the middle and perhaps finish with that. So intro and outro. But come on, man. This is lucky to have a lot of natural resources. Easily grow your own vegetables in your garden. Because the countries... A lot of Filipinos do that. Almost all types of vegetables are cultivated in the Philippines. And you can find a variety of them in the market. That's not the case for middle eastern countries. Someone else writes, yes, it's because Filipinos now typically work as blue collar workers, janitors, domestic helpers, low level overseers and managers. Throughout Asia, from the Middle East to Japan, note that there isn't anything bad with their job descriptions. Since Asians are status oriented, many Asian countries, especially East Asia and South East Asian countries, look down on Filipinos. While shopping in Hong Kong, the mere mention of you being from the Philippines would result to immediate snobbery. With due to corruption, people of the Philippines are left with no other option but to travel overseas to find job opportunities. Because they have families to take care of. Also, because of financial problems, some Filipinos are forced to drop out of... Oh, with W's overseas Filipino workers, I can't. But those opportunities are limited to blue collar jobs like domestic halters. Corruption is a big issue in the Philippines, because Filipinos are naturally forgiving and resourceful. Corruption is a big issue in developing countries in general. There we go, finally. Okay. This is harsh. I mean, how he described so Manila, it's true. But that's not all there is to Manila, you know. But that phrase that he used to describe Manila or the Philippines is very harsh. But it's true, those things that he mentioned do exist in the Philippines. But I've never heard of this writer. Of how Westerners generally view non-Western countries. But why did he choose Manila? Why not New York or Philadelphia? There are states in America that are much worse than Manila. Some states in America are literally the perfect representation of hell. Mass shooting, homelessness, gangs. We need the context of why he said that about Manila. You know, why did he choose Manila as an example? What is the book really about or that chapter, you know? We can't judge his book or what he said just like that. Because of American exceptionalism, it's deeply ingrained in the culture. Meaning, we don't see what's wrong with us because we're special. Instead, we pay attention to what's wrong with other countries. The US is messed up. It's because of the stereotype that the Philippines is a poor country. Remember, all of the stereotypes associated with the Philippines and its people are rooted in economic disparities. If the Philippines... Personally, I love the Filipino accent. I really do. From the get-go, I remember when my co-host was still doing reaction videos with me. And we started reacting to Filipino content. I think we had a discussion, a conversation about the accent of Filipino accent. And you know, she wasn't very fond of it. But I remember telling her that I really enjoyed it from the beginning. The Philippines was as rich as a Singapore. Those stereotypes would not have existed. Also, the superficial Korean or Asian culture in general makes it easy for people to focus on superficial things like accent, skin color, and so on. Number three, color, kiss. Yeah, but see, unfortunately, even Filipino's care about those things. They're going to make their skin color and their natural facial features. And they try to change it. They bleach their skin. They try to look whiter. And they try to make their noses look thinner with surgery. And if they don't have the money for surgery, they're going to put on tons of makeup to make it look thinner and everything. So it's not just foreigners, unfortunately, even Filipinos tend to look down on Filipinos, you know, which is so sad. The Canadian actor on the David Letterman lady. Yeah, I know this guy. He described flying from Japan to the Philippines to start working on Oliver Stone's savages. According to a catch, he was stopped at customs for not having any pages left to stamp in his passport. He claimed that in customs, everyone was smoking. And despite having a work visa, he was told he was being sent back to Japan. It turned out that Taylor has never been to the Philippines. And he was actually in Indonesia. Although the Philippines government demanded an official apology from the actor, he never really apologized. Now it's a little bit late. Wait, so he mixed them up in the Nigerian Philippines? Maybe it was an honest mistake. Honestly, I need this guy who made this video to actually show us the proof like a video or the writing or something. Honestly, the examples that he's giving us are not that... I apologize now. Interesting. But on behalf of all the good people of Canada, I apologize for the ignorance of Taylor. Number four, Lucy... Oh, Lucy Lou! He appeared in the late show with David Letterman. When Letterman asked Lou if she enjoyed running indoors or outdoors, he replied, I run in a machine. It's easier for me. Also, if I get really dark, I'll start to look a little Filipino. It wouldn't match. Unfortunately, such a disgusting comment is not... Do you feel insulted by this comment? I mean, it's a fact. Filipinos are Asians who are darker if you will than the other Asians, right? I don't... I mean, I'm not Filipino. But if I were Filipino, I don't think that I would be offended by this. She is stating a fact. Yes, don't get me wrong. There are Filipinos that are very white. Filipinos that are very dark, some brown, some... many shades, right? But I think that a good portion of them are dark. And which is beautiful, which is great. So what she said, unless she followed that by an insult, I don't see it as a... as her looking down on Filipinos. You know? She just chose Filipino as an example because... Yeah, they tend to be dark Asians, you know? Don't they call them like the blacks of Asia? Not in a derogatory way, you know, but like they are cool. Like African-Americans, you know, to me, they're super cool. You know, they know how to sing, they know how to dance, they are smart, they're awesome. So I don't know. The price, considering how we have been conditioned for decades through mass media, movies, social media and so on, that light skin is more attractive than dark skin. Since mass media, especially Hollywood movies, is controlled by filter rich, wide elites who think they're better than the rest of humanity, especially brown people, they reflect this ideology, they reflect in their movies. Number five, Terry Hatcher. Okay, okay, now that I think about it, maybe it is a little bit insulting. So she's saying that she'd rather run at home on her treadmill because if she goes outside, she will tan and look like a Filipino and she does not like that. So she's basically saying that if she is, if her skin is dark, it's ugly. Okay, yeah, that could be absolutely seen as an insult. So that is not cool, Lucy. Definitely not cool. If you think about it that way, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's an American actress and singer. The offending common came when Susan Mayer, played by Terry Hatcher, throws a fit at her gynecologist and questions his credentials because he suggests she's going through the early stages of menopause. Can I check those diplomas? She says. Because I want to make sure they're not from some med school in the Philippines. Although Hatcher. Okay, so that was in a freaking show. She did not write that, right? It's the writers. You got to be mad at the writers, not her. But yeah, that is definitely derogatory. You know, that is an insult to the Philippines. There you go. Again, I'm going to say that I'm going to be a writer. I'm going to be a writer. There you go. Again, like I said before, or common is a reflection of how Westerners generally view non-Western countries. Institutions like schools are automatically perceived. Okay, I'm sorry. So you cannot include her in the 10 foreign celebrities who insulted the Philippines. Because she's not the one who insulted the Philippines as the writers. Inferior to Western institutions, regardless of the quality of education. For example, we all know that the education system in the Philippines is similar to that of America. And the quality of education in some schools. Oh, yeah, the Philippines are at the same rate. American schools. But that doesn't matter. Why? Because they associate Philippines with low standards. Number six, Alec Baldwin. He's an American actor, comedian, and producer. He appeared on David Letterman's show and said during an interview that he was contemplating paying for a Filipino male order of pride to father more children. I really don't know what to say. Such a sick mentality is a manifestation of a sick society. What did he just say? I did not catch that really. Like I did not understand what he said. I feel like he did not pronounce things properly. Such a level of ignorance is a byproduct of decades of deliberate brainwashing. Number seven. Jimmy Kimmel. Jimmy Kimmel. Jimmy Kimmel. He's an American television host, comedian, writer, and producer. He insulted President Duterte by calling him lunatic. If you truly understand the concept of a female exceptionalism, meaning... Okay, I'm laughing because Duterte was seen outside of the Philippines as... Let's just say a strong president who did not do things in a conventional way. Okay, I'm trying to put things nicely. Whose fault is that? It's the fault of the media. And Jimmy Kimmel, his job is to make fun of things. He's technically a comedian. So you can't really take whatever he says seriously or personally. And I'm not trying to defend him. And before I started reacting to some Duterte videos and speeches... And I was thinking a little bit of a Filipino politics. That's the idea that I had. Because if you do just a little bit of research, that's what you're going to find about Duterte. But as I started reacting to him, I learned a lot more about Duterte. And so that he was actually a pretty decent president that loves his people. And did some good, you know, during his presidency. So yeah. Special. So we don't make mistakes. We don't look at our crimes because we're special. Then everything will start to become clear. No one will be defensive. And you will see the bigger picture. Number eight. Oh. Player Danes. He's an American actress. Danes was in Manila for several months to shoot scenes for the movie, Broke Down, Palace. In her interview, Danes described Manila as a ghastly and weird city. Similar to the common that the American actress... Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. They can't see what's wrong with, say, New York. Because it's not in the Philippines. It's a city in a so-called... It sounds like a woman who went there to do a job. You know, she did not really experience the Philippines. And when I say experience, the Philippines, I'm not just saying going out just in the fancy places and hanging out with your circle of people. No, it's going out there and interacting with Filipinos. You know, try to understand their traditions and cultures. That's how it sounds like to me. First world. But then again... Oh, some areas in New York are far worse than the worst areas in Manila. Far worse than say, Tondo. I lived in New York for a year and I visited Manila a few times. Trust me, I know what I'm talking about. Number nine, Jay Leno is an American comedian. He insulted Filipinos by saying... Hundreds of barefoot Filipinos march on the roads through the Philippines, carrying heavy wooden crosses and whipping their backs until they blood didn't prepare for Easter. Called me all-fashioned, but I just like coloring the eggs. He made several remarks about Asians. But what else can we expect? So, is he saying that the suffering of Filipinos doing all that is warranted just for him to get his eggs or whatever? Like it justifies their pain? He made several remarks about Asians. He characterized the Philippines as a country where fathers sell their own daughters for sex. Sturder tops about the Philippines and its people. Well nonsense. Well, never again. Nonsense. As long as the economy of the Philippines remains the way it is today. This country and its people have a lot of potential. And it's destined to become a great nation. Finally, we will never make progress as one human race. As long as we're distracted by superficial things like skin color, nationality and so on. So, what do they all have in common? Why do you think they made such disgusting comments? Who or what is to blame for making such disgusting comments? It's interesting, but I feel like the examples that he chose were not that precise and maybe taken out of context. Some of them, yes, were insulting. I don't know. But the bottom line is that if those were indeed insults and meant to be insults, like direct insults to the Philippines, then that's disgusting, true and just flat, wrong, except for the facts. Like the first example that he stated that he gave us about the writer who said that, in Manila, there are some parts of Manila that are very poor and sad. And the traffic is rough. I mean, you guys contact me to tell me about the traffic, you know, that it's not the best in the world. But yeah, I mean, it was interesting. I enjoy reacting to these types of videos. It's just a nice change of pace for me. You know, sometimes I like to turn, not turn off my brain, but not think about music and analyze music or singing. But yes, honestly, I just hope that Bong, Bong, Marcos is going to be able to add to the Philippines, you know, make things better for Filipinos. I'm crossing my fingers, seriously. There you go. Let me know in the comments section below your thoughts on this video. Do you agree with the guy that made the video? Yeah, tell me everything. But I mean, what I mean is that I'm not cool. And of course, if you found value in this video, do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.