 But you're Friday. The freshest. Bleh! Friday, so this has been requested quite often. They just didn't just perform in the wish bus and they have no idea it's the first time. So let's give it a watch. But everyone's been very adamant, though we checked this. So let's give it a watch. You want thugs and harmony? I've got a cool name. This is for Gaster. And, uh, Ba-Kidna Kayong. Kalan. Na-Yong. Na-Yong. Kalan. Okay. Ba-Kidna Yong Kalan. Bleh. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. I think hopefully this has a lyrics. If it doesn't, I will attempt to find lyrics at the end. It doesn't. Okay. Wow. Go carton. Yeah, what's up? I'm listening. Oh. What's up? I think Gaster was going to be right. Oh, yeah, what's up? He he. Look at that beautiful case in the back. Isn't that yours? There's no. Doesn't it look like yours? I like that cap. That's a trip. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. Of course. And that's why. And that's why Filipino rap is one of the most unique, melodically sound and so peculiar about it. So fucking clean, play again. Oh, that is such a mind-boggling man. That's freaking what? What? What? What the fuck? There is nothing easy in that freaking phrase, nothing brother from the diction to the rhythmicality and that freaking low melody that's happening all down here. There's no one that sounds like anywhere else in the world. No. Like what? This is blowing my freaking mind. That guy is a singer. Oh my god, I love it. I did not see that coming then. What the fuck? This is what I always thought. He was playing with me off. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Who? Limp biscuit. The guy with the singer from Limp biscuit. Really? You know when he used to do that like rapping stuff in his, in the thing? Not the most familiar artist I'll be with, but yeah, he's not the most really artist. He used to do that thing like where he's like melodic, like melodic rapping, but you're still singing, but you're still like keeping the melody. But this guy, my god, he's resonant and he's no taker. And the capacity to maintain that melody is so freaking prevalent. Sorry, impressive. Oh my god, this is not. I was gonna say, I always thought that, I mean, it's very difficult again. I don't know what you thought, dialect, they're speaking. If it's Tagalog or Filipino or it's very confusing, I'm still in my head. And I would love some clarifying. I have been reading comments to try and become clear and clear on my knowledge. So, yeah, so it's one of the things that like, that with Tagalog, I've always thought it would be some of the best for rapping for this. Because he's so bouncy. It's a percussive yeah. And the way they break down sort of a, it's still, it's not syllables, sentences and phrases and words. I thought if someone was capable of doing it really fast and then maybe using that procussive inatability of the language, it could sound unbelievable. That's the one. Yeah, I totally agree. I think he would be one, thugs. I don't know, but. Oh, how many? I just adore the fact that they're taking, he's taking advantage of all the plosives. And using them to, to really fuel melody, which is not, it's not something people just naturally discover. So, really bouncy. It is, but it's because of the plosives. Like Tagalog is full of plosives. And yeah, I don't, my god. Do you not find it? It's more because of the ang, the angs. Not just the twang, but. No, no, no, well, the, the, it's like dip-tonged type of like, positioning in the back of the throat. Soft palate and tongue work right at the back of the soft palate. Right here, it creates a lot of cuts in the airflow, but where I think the, the main percussiveness of the language itself comes from the plosives, the bees, the bees, the teas, they come so, they come so far forward. They create really, really obvious stops in the breath flow. Not only on the, on the back of the, of the soft palate with the ng, ng type of sound, because that's softer. That's a softer break. Wait, is it not? They might prevalent sound in Tagalog though. Yeah, definitely. The angs and the balls. It helps, but I think the majority of the, of the plosiveness, the, the percussiveness comes from the plosives. That's kind of redundant, but you, you made sense in my brain. Oh my god. What's the name of the plosives there? Yeah, love bees. Yeah, love bees. Because, okay, I'll tell you where I hear the angs and the ng, ng, ng sound. It's more of a bouncy sound. It creates, it creates that bounciness, but the plosives, the bees, the peas, they create that stop and start. It's like putting a, a period at the end of a sentence. It's, it's creating a very obvious stop, but the ng, ng sound, it creates like a bounciness. At least that's how I hear it. Right. Yeah. You see it's a bouncy sound. Good. What the fuck did this guy survive for a living? What? Here. Oops! Oh me, oh her mushroom. Oh, I spilled and she cried herrettioed戲. Ah, ridiculous. Oh my god. Oh my god unfortunately. Never whistled, I said I'm not good enough to continue We have to be spinach, but we can't stand it Right, let's not do anything Everyone said that so Everyone came close, so slow It's very difficult here Any of you want toys Let's go All i show now is uit That's my favorite I gotta say his visual Right because I guess They would be rapi But it's so crazy as i felt your that's like calling someone those that try afterwards You know, it's not fair Yeah, it's like you're a runner you're a cyclist and then you swim It's the same for them. I mean they just they're probably just as high-level in everything they're like triathlet It's very bizarre like and I think that's probably why this is become so popular. It's because And you know it was a similar with that sort of song we we checked out Not long ago, which was a rapper, but he did a lot of singing too and he was on the wish bus actually You know and it opens up the market for so much more because it's not just then for rap hits or hip-hop fans But it's then for R&B fans He's then for people who enjoy cadence and melody and may not be the biggest fans of the rap culture But still like music and still like that sound it opens up the market so smart I think one of the industries that a lot of rappers from all over the world should learn a lot from is the Filipino music industry Specifically the rap element because they emphasize this melody over Speed or Rhythmicality or anything else. I think the the really cool thing here is just the The advantage that they have due to the language I think they they're they're running on a race of their own right the whole league It's completely different with them. They've got so much to their advantage and when it comes to the rhythmicality the melody that is so innate Because of the the culture in the Philippines and then obviously The cadence and the delivery of it is just so freaking wonderful There is no way to like match it up and it's What surprises me is that you can get a lot of rappers that are may may be able to hold up a tune There may be able to then categorize as a singer, but what what's impressive here is one the note accuracy And to the level of comfort that they actually are able to exert in such difficult Minerisms because if you look at them their body their body language is very accurate. It's very Still this actually very little movement of the jaw or Any anywhere else up here. They're actually very aware of breath economy and let's just keep on looking like and pay attention to their upper Like jaw modulation is very similar to to nothingness is very Yeah, economic yes, a lot of skill. Yeah, indeed Very narrow I got this is cool even the camera work is on point See you see how very little work up here All the diction is inside of the mouth all the diction that's happening is working its way inside of the mouth Tanks up pallid very little use of the lips and very little movement of the jaws is very impressive So oh school as well, which is really anyway So is that chill the job Oh, I'm true Oh my god. That was funny. They just look like cool kids in school. Like the two, they just kind of rolled up with the vibes, that were lads. Yeah, they provided the vibes. Yeah, it looks like what they're doing is easy. Because that is sort of, I guess, their intent as well to make it look like it's passively good. But there's a lot of skill involved and he's not just telling. I'd love to know how they figure they could do this type of stuff out. I've been imagining lots of trial and error and just being able to perceive what the crowd's reaction is. What your friends would say, what you liked, what felt good, what didn't feel so good. So certainly lots of... Experimenting, yeah. Yeah, but certainly also lots of lessons to be learned from them. Even if you don't have a vocal coach, you may not be the most wise when it comes to vocal techniques. You can still figure it out and you can still become a world-class performer. Absolutely. I totally agree. I also think they kind of sound a little bit like Arcanjil. Yes, so I was going to say in Latin America, there was a season, 2009, 2008, 2007, 2006. From 2006 to 2009, I'll say. It was about three years. Yeah, we are lots of rappers. When we read a tonal of tests, it would be mainly rappers that decided to do this type of melodic singing, rapping. But it was trash singing. But they weren't great at it. It was a bit difficult because you couldn't bear to hear that live. You could barely bear to hear that in a studio. But then again, you could actually do a lot in the studio. It was really underwhelming watching it live. But this is really freaking mind blowing. I love it. I love it, man. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. What? What? What? Oh my god. What the fuck? What the fuck? One thugs. Oh my god. What the fuck? One thugs. They broke. So what? They take maybe a break? So what they say, we're back. Who knows? But that is just immaculate vibes. Like incredibly chilled and super melodic. And right up my alley on rhythmicality, it didn't lose the urban hip-hop feel to it all. It also felt very romantic in a certain way. I love that curtain in the touch of the percussion. It is such a romantic feel to it, doesn't it? Yeah, it does. I think this might be a kid, Gayon Katlán. I think they've been out for quite a while. It was a ride. So maybe they've been out. It says here that the original artist is OG Alcasibe. Oh my god. But I don't know if this is the right song. Okay, so he's the best, that's right. He's the last guest. I don't know. So I don't know if this is the right one. Maybe they did like the version of it. Maybe this is the original composition. I don't think this would be it. I don't know. Very difficult to find. I try and go to Webster. It says you're going to get a virus. So fucking poly lyrics. Well, maybe some, I know you guys do an amazing work. Sometimes just kind of giving us some context. And you know this people from all over the world that watch. So it's certainly lovely for them to also be able to understand just like we and I know I'm sure it's going to have more value. So please, if you do know any websites or anything like that, do put it in the comment section below. And yeah, I'm sure other people are going to really enjoy this. This was awesome. Let us know what you thought about it actually. Very nice.