 Future Friday. The freshest. We keep getting sent videos a lot of the time. Right? Sometimes they don't ticktock, sometimes they don't Facebook. Sometimes they're all over the internet. And the common denominator lately, I think it's because of that hairdresser video. Yes. But by the way, she saw it. The hairdresser, she did? She did? Yeah, yeah, she saw it and she dropped us a nice message. It's that because of the culture of singing in the Philippines, this of course means cultures made by people, correct? That's what culture means. Correct. And it means that people have jobs. And if you have a job, that means you might also like to sing. Now the problem is, not the problem. The fucking mind-blowing thing is that you might already have a job and be a professional at something, but arguably, or at least, look, I'm telling you, man, we're not, like, me and maybe I don't have the, you know, the most immense musical pedigree in the world. I'm no fucking Phil Collins. Niva is Baleska fucking Beethoven, you know? Yeah. No. I don't do that. Maybe minor. Yeah. But we know a little about music. And these guys are good enough to be pro fucking singers. And let me show you exhibit A. I have one objective today. Okay. Actually, don't know what the objective is. I guess blow your fucking brains off. Let's go. Let's go. And Nurse, she's already invested all her life into this. Into this. Into this. She could have chosen. This is a life-changing job, by the way. But she could, she can also do this. All night we go out, on the ground, I do not know. I'm sorry, I just wanna say one thing. Stay in my arms, stay in my arms, I'm a star. She's like, she's a chair. That's the, is the other thing. There's a key change. Yeah. Right. Some of your favorite singers, not from the Philippines, because the Philippines is weird, bro. It's different. It's the unicorn in the industry must protect that all costs. Correct. Now, all over the world, right, especially I'm talking the US sort of industry, UK industry. Some of your favorite singers, some of the most successful ones, the most famous ones, don't have this sort of vocal pedigree or vocal capability. You only can dream to sound like this. Yeah, and I'm not throwing shade at them. Like, that's okay. Like, it's fine. You're successful, like. And music is a business and also there is music for different people. You don't have to be be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be all of a sudden, sell a million records. You don't have to do that. There's rap, there's R&B, there's blues, there's jazz, there is, you know, belting, there's operatic singer. Yeah. And music isn't to be judged how you judge other things because it's an art form. However, skill to skill. I think there's people walking around specifically in the Philippines that have a higher level of singing that some of the best singing art, selling artists in the world right now. Like if it's gonna happen anyway, like if you're gonna go to the street, ask someone to sing like shout out Graham Kegel, you know what I mean, with his show. If you do that in the Philippines, the results are gonna be significantly higher than in other parts of the world. Singing in the Philippines is truly a bloody gem, like Jenny, Amelia, gem. And I don't want that just because we check out these videos, just because for the first time we'll be performing in front of this crowd at the one and mix, you can get your tickets is amazing that we're reviewing this guy's music and now we're also opening for them. That's a great. Just because we check out this industry in such depth, I don't ever want it to lose his appeal in that sense that this is sort of normal. This isn't normal. They're an anomaly in the fucking world full of unsaturated of music. And as a culture, they're even more impressive because they, they sing great in their blood, veins and I guess what would you call it behavior as well to sing. Yeah, it's like it's part of who they are. They love what they run. She changed. That's what she is. Now, post-posing is this in the Philippines? I think it is. Because that's also the crazy. You get like the doctor is sending you there with his glasses in pockets. And that's what I mean. It's culturally this is fine. It's reinforced. It's encouraged. It's like, oh, you're taking a break. Okay. However, bro, if I'm in a bus or in a taxi, right? And this guy pulls out his mic. Say if I was in the Philippines, I wouldn't get worried. However, I have heard some horror stories as well. You know, there's people that can't sing and they might be Philippine as well. You know what I mean? Like, you know, say I'm getting a new bra. It's just dating is more fun when the taxi driver has a karaoke. Taxi-o-key, they call it. Oh, God. Thanks, y'all. I've never heard of that shit. Come on, bro. You're just making up shit at this point. You're on. And it's fire and it's over, Luke Sir. It's better like Dole-Cara. Signs in the Philippines don't say don't drink and drive. Don't carry our key and drive. Please, we beg you. You know, every key change. Right, you guys, swirfs. I think actually that car does have a motor. It just has a karaoke machine that's been sort of, what would you call it? Modified to eat the car only rungs when you sing. Oh, I think so. That's just like, do do do do do do do do do do do do. And then you have to go through the little book of songs. 15577, you know, and that's what I can seal in the honor. You go like, okay, here we go. My heart will. And the cars goes. Don't. Every key change or say you're singing fucking jaya hangang dit on the line. That's like 17. Hey, hey, key changes every key changes again. I see you. You know, hangang dit on the line. That's like first key. And then you guys. Ta-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da. Hungang. Second key. Did you turn out fucking the third one. Ta-da-da-da-da-da, hangang. Fucking third, yeah. Oh, my God. You know? This guy, by the way, he sings and I feel like not only should they pay him for the taxi drive but I don't need to pay him for the entertainment I agree I think it is the one I got I'm sorry but the guy is also filming That's the same time No, no, there's the camera, it was somebody filming right? The body is filming Shout out to the guys in the back man, they look like they have enough vibes, she has a gift Maybe he's like Valentine's Day Maybe Okay, this has also shifted my perspective of what I'm expected to be in the net I'm feeling things now, when I go to Manila, if my taxi driver doesn't have a taxi, Yogi it is, I don't want it Sure I want the karaoke guy Next Oh, she's a beautiful woman, I don't think you guys are seeing the video either Look at her, she's beautiful And she's doing like maths and shit And she's a teacher, this is during her recess So like the kids are all there playing and whatever And she's like, you know what? Then there's free time That she makes me emotional I don't know why every time in school that she just makes my eye I don't know why Because she's like school can be such a tough time for people These are horrendous times for a lot of people If you listen to like Balesca's story of like her school life It's fucking horrible You know, and it wasn't like Balesca was a loser Like she was I was No, she's like You were up standing Look at my wife And it's like, it's like, my sister was like doing really well everywhere She was like in TV everywhere in newspapers People take pictures with her on the street And it's like And then it went in school This motherfuckers didn't give her But like these people didn't care, not the teachers But the kids Some teachers hated me too Yeah, and it's like, wow, I had the loveliest experience But Balesca is so terrible Not to put us victim I mean, she grew up into a great person, strong But I was strong back then too But no one, none of the teachers And this is what pissed me off Encouraged the kids The kids that had talent The kids that wanted to sing The kids that wanted to dance The kids that wanted Hey teacher, look, I'm learning French Can I show you? Yeah, it might be random Maybe you're doing some simultaneous equations Kid, sit the fuck down But find some time Find some time and encourage the kid That's going to change his life And that shit to me is like, fuck, no one did that man At least not in my presence, right? To me, never I don't know, I'm Pro different But it never It never mattered, I never cared No, but But when I see the likes of you All the girls in my school All the boys It's like, fuck, no one They could, it could have turned out different That's at least how I think it could have turned out Yeah, I think so too And as an adult And as an adult From an adult's perspective Of those experiences in my high school years I do think so too Nice Good exits I love you, somebody Too much So many Bizz You know, you know what's funny Her take And interpretation of a song in terms of singing phrases It's beautiful, dude Oh, her voice is It's so beautiful and I'd love to see her Got get behind more R&B shit Oh, you know, it's beautiful Because it's such a It has this like To me, it has an Andre of nostalgic Early 2000s ballad singing Which is basically what like Everything sounded like when we were growing up And that has a special Space in my heart It's like a warm hug It does It feels like Oh, here's your comfort food when you were a kid Like, it feels like that It feels warm and fussy And Her Choices, her singing choices are so clever And they shoot her best ability To the max And again, you only get to discover this by just Experiments What's trying by just Just singing And I've never heard this song before But it's amazing And I like it And I like her version And I want to cry Because I wish my Stinger and my teachers were like this Next one Okay, so this as you're singing here Let me show you As you're seeing it here It's like a police Like Parade And so that like they're Parading Or there's like I don't know what the event is Because it doesn't say But There's this bunch of police Then just Fully, you know, geared up That's like anti-riot Basically Yes But the band The police band is On there there And then just like, you know Going on a band there are lives Oh, this is probably going to be really loud This is the police band This of course No Maybe they're really famous They don't know if the police band Is the people from the police They're playing in the band I don't know what the event is But Is the band is the missing policeman But they're geared up to the kids But they're still living life, you know Singing along What You know, these films like Yeah, these films like Like back home you would have like Presidential rungs and stuff Obviously in every country, dude Like elections and stuff And then a lot of artists I think you happen in the Philippines as well Like Ben and Ben performed And there was like Fucking 70,000 people Oh, yeah Is that for a rally and stuff Like political rallies and stuff And that's what it feels like sometimes It feels like the precedence going About Yeah, yeah So sometimes like People would play for like You know Whoever's representative They supported and stuff like that I don't know where It kind of feels like that But I'm fucking out Why so many anti-riot people, you know No idea It's like Liberty concert I don't know what it means Salute to all PNP Good job Yeah So they're all police They're all police Like And that was That's how people tacked me into the videos Because we checked that one police band right before Correct But this is This is the police from Manila Holy So like the main central police They have the problem They do It's really intimidating But they have a whole freaking band That they're protecting with their whole mind Oh the whole That's it Someone said it in the comments That is a great Defense mechanism Yeah Distract the music Get the bad guys We've seen this ladies sing before But it turns out Yes In the harmonies Special that we saw She was singing with three other girls With two other girls And But she is the owner Of this shop Oh That's right That shop was a guy Why And she's out here And what I call What I This is She's the owner And she's out here You know singing But that means Yeah We call out with the love We call out with the love We call out with the love We call out with the love We call out with the love Yeah Yeah The sun will tell And you'll bend You won't place I will Place Never us Cause it's right in the face Oh Never give So much Whoa Whoa Every time it's right I love her Guaranteen Every block But she's really good though And don't sell I don't want to live Stay with me For us Just stay with me And you will bend Me And I won't Go And bend What the Don't want to live And I won't Do that woman is dangerous Yeah That woman That woman That woman is dangerous And she's hailed She can run a business of things like that Yeah Literally Plus the business is quite good man That's a vibe It's super lively But I can't I want to do what I can The only thing I'm a bit afraid of is like You know Asus If we go Like we really sit places like this I just feel like Everyone's always going to ask us to sing I feel like What's it like to be an artist over there I just want to ask someone The next guest we have one When I ask one of these guys like Hey bro Whenever you go to like your rock of restaurants Or like Or you know I say I don't know who the fuck we're going to bring next Um I'll announce it soon But let's say I don't know whoever it is I'll be like dude How do you Like say you go to like Then I'll suddenly Everyone just comes over And I'll ask you to sing Like sing the song Yeah and then you're like Because you're from the Philippines You're You're That's probably normal to you And you'll be like Yeah But to me I'll be like Bro I'm trying to have my Fucking The chong You know what I mean What I'm looking Sing I'm abounding my Fucking TV Yeah Yeah What You know Unless You tell me it's Channel Gives Hahaha Then At that point Came Came over Pass me the mic Anyways Let us know you guys Talk about all these videos Obviously an absolute one And an absolute honor To be able to Check out this stuff And also an even bigger Honour to be able to Performing from you guys At the one that makes Forget your tickets And thanks so much for all the support guys