 You balanced me again. I keep doing it. I can't sit down normally. I think we should try someone new as well for these videos. We've just made this bear room so it made it look really nice for you. The weather's really good today so maybe we could do these in the garden. It's going to be quite cool. We could do. Anyway, hello guys, welcome back to another video. If you don't know who we are, my name's Molly. This is Matt. We are full-time travel vloggers on our page down in travel. This was you doing my transition. This page was made as a thank you to everyone who subscribed and got us to 100,000 subscribers. As the name shows, it is a spin-off. We are not just doing reactions. No, we're not. We are going to be doing some cooking. So we want food to cook. We're going to be doing some eating. So that's something a lot of supermarkets that are open up like world supermarkets. So it plays us from different countries so we can get some call food to try out for the first time. We're going to do some languages so we're going to learn phrases. We're going to do some games. So countries, games from different countries around the world. We want topics of talk news. So at the moment, coronavirus. Let's talk coronavirus in different countries. How are you getting on? So comment below the topics, the news articles and we will talk about that. Make sure you subscribe as well. We can be up there in a few videos. Maybe two videos a day. We're going through a lot. We will have like specific times at some point for each time zone around the world. But at the moment, we're just filming and posting as of when we can. Exactly. And today's video is another comparison and it is face off Thailand versus the Philippines. Now I haven't actually looked at this video. It was recommended to us. But I can see that it has over two million views. So it was an extremely popular video. Is it comparing the two countries or? I don't know if it's comparing the country. Face off would suggest it. We'll compare in the faces. So we'll go with it. Are you ready? Okay that's the, that's the, I like the name of it. Yeah. I've got the surprise. It is. I like it. We've been to both countries as well. We didn't actually vlog when we went to Thailand though. Are we going to have to make the decision? I think that she is. I think they look the same. Wow. It's just going through different faces. We know they love beauty pageants in both countries. Oh my god. They're like spitting image. They're both beautiful. They're very similar. Very similar. One thing with sort of us both, a lot of a jurors, a lot of people try to make themselves paler. Yeah, especially when you're in all these countries. I go to get like a moisturizer or something like that. And it's always got whitening cream. But I've got a way. I want to turn that into like, let's turn that if one has. Like and you can see they're all sort of a lot paler. Whereas when we go on holiday, we do it. Everything but we want to not be pale. To pause and vote. Ready and then. So I'm going to pause. Oh wow. We have pause. Ready? We pause and we pause in. Okay. This was like, I didn't expect we've met anchor. It's new Philippines. She is. So as beautiful in person as she looks. So we've got to give it to her. So I think that's that one is a bit unfair. Although she is very pretty as well. Yeah, very similar. Extremely similar. Yeah, look, she's just so sweet, isn't she? Wow, I'll join you. Okay, let's do it. You have to get both pictures. Ready? Oh, you got it. Oh, they're two pictures. Three, two, one. Oh. From that picture, I'm going to say the Philippines, but from the first picture, I would have said it's close, isn't it? Yeah. One thing I've noticed is that you all have the same hair. Yeah, you've got such nice hair. I don't know what I'm talking about. I'm just like, yeah, she's better than her. But what was your answer? Molly, Molly can go and see it. I'm going in. Who would you like to take out for dinner? Who has a bad personality? Who's got a bad personality? You're not going to take out for dinner. You're not taking anything out for dinner. Yeah, but I'm sort of hypothetically. I'll take a high profile for dinner. Well, I'm not going to pause after that. We're not going to pause now. We're Harry, I'm going to carry on watching. We're not going to pause now. Harry, I'm going to carry on watching. Yeah, they're all so lovely. They're so dangerous. I don't think they'll be that much of a similar. When you think of Philippines and Thailand, you can sort of tell the difference between them too, but when you're going up to these models here, they look very similar. You could swap them round and you wouldn't know any of the words up. You can tell there at the Philippines. It's like darker skin there. And their hair's always a lot browner. It's not dark as Thai hair. They look very beautiful. They're flipping out big brown eyes as well. They're both so like fashion, conscious. So it's hard to sort of tell. They're really similar. I wonder if at the end they're going to say who's better. Yeah, I don't know. I didn't know what this video is going to be. I didn't know it would be judging. A huge comment below. Oh, they're sending their pairs. Yeah. Without makeup. Wow. Catching it great. Oh, wow. Again though, very similar. Have these one pageants? I'm not sure. No, it's not. Sun, I think some of celebrities run both. Really? But again, quite similar. Wavy hair, wavy long brown hair. But you wouldn't associate the two to be very similar. But the Philippines sort of thought things slightly different. So more like Polynesian. That's crazy, isn't it? I wonder if at the end they're going to say who they think is better. I'm still thinking. Yeah, they've got, they've got, they've got, they've got me voting. You must think it's random. Random. What's random? Do I have to guess? No? Maybe they're just. Oh, they just don't know who they are. Are we right? I don't know. They don't actually look Filipino. No. She does. Yeah. So does she. She doesn't look Thai. No. I think it's really hard to tell. I think you get a lot of half and half as well. So it might be like, somebody's might be Philly Thai or Thai Philly. Yeah, I don't know which way to say it. Do you know what I mean? It could be. Where you get a lot of European Thai or European Filipino. They're just putting random pictures up. Are they going to say? They won. It was just like a random face off. No, wow. Okay. So. If we're going to look at those pictures. It was hard. It was really hard, really hard. I think we would have needed to have I'll probably go Philippines because I like the big brown eyes. Yeah, and I like. I'll take them all up for dinner. Why don't we? No? Anyway. Anyway. I like the light brown hair of the Filipinos. You know better than me. I'll let you talk because I'm a little bit out of your choice. Really nice light brown hair but both of them were equally as beautiful. So yeah, no, that's nice. Very different. I think. I'm lifting video. I didn't know what it was going to be. It's a face off. I don't know if it was going to be comparing to countries. Yeah, I didn't know. Didn't have to. Someone just recommended you to check out this video. I think it's nice not to check it before. I think if you check it before, it's hard to them reaction. This is not like watching. It's complete natural. It's not. Which is like, it's supposed to be judging. Yeah, and then you know what it is. But I liked it. It was an upload some video. It's nice to give people compliments anyway. And make them feel better if they ever do see that people are commenting on them. But that is comparing. It is. It is comparing countries. So comment more of them below. Comment other things you want to see. Like I've explained before. Just whack them in below and they will be kind of very soon. We're going to stick with the reactions for the meantime. And then go into different things. We want to try and have a different topic or theme each day maybe. So maybe like news on the Monday. Something like Tuesday. Don't know. Yeah, we'll see what happens. We're just trying to work out, get our feet sort of done. Because we haven't done these for a while. Not exactly. But yeah, comment below what you want to see. And if you're new around here, make sure you subscribe. Drop us a like. And keep on doubling.