 Do Good morning another day another dollar another video well my wife do it with your work after that we need to clean Devaranda okay a jam has been working you got all set up here yeah okay very good why not I'm have you rest today guys this I feel very very tired I need some rest let me make some fire later on that's too much wind let's go back inside you probably can hear the wind and the little typhoon here is making a mess she's been throwing things through the window at the can you believe she go up in the sofa great thing and she throw some of my stuff her clothes through the window yeah it's hot so I could drink the best you want no I'm gonna be a coffee actually I don't usually have a coffee at this time of the day but I thought I'm gonna have one it's not the best coffee I'm not I'm not a coffee drink I don't know nothing about coffee I'm not gonna pretend so so I just drink whatever test nice that's it currently I'm rendering a video ready to be uploaded probably first thing tomorrow money but I don't feel like doing anything today guys so I made you some small work here and there and that's it and as you know I can't do much about the tank because there's no workers at the back then it's nobody yeah still nobody so I need at least like four people I don't want to damage that tank and beside I need to buy a big ladder to shoot on the the gutter the sorry the dump pipe because the tank is higher so I'm gonna do some modification so a lot of grease coming through here with a few little drops so we don't water the moments without to worry about that new project for J.M. baby learning baby's a bit sick at the moment so you can see why I cannot do any work here that's ok honey been Oh, Bella just spent the most time. Look, look, look my love. See? Even when she cries she's so cute. I think Bella wants to brush my teeth. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You brushed dirty teeth? She got a runny nose. My baby. Cute. So, it's nice. I don't think so. You want some food? You're no so dirty. What mommy doing? Hmm? She working? Mommy's up there. She's care of spiders and I don't know. What Bella doing? You drinking my love? Oh, you love that chocolate. She's like me. She loves chocolate. Pretty eyes. Oh, you see? Well, you love chocolate, don't you? Crackers. Wow. I like semi-gale. I like chocolate too. App time. Good morning, everybody. Another video, another day, another dollar, another headache, another... Nice, good life is happy. We all happy here. We don't mind to work on our house. It's a pleasure. It's not a big deal. It's totally different than working for a boss. I have to get up early in the morning. I still wake up early but I get up when I want. I do what I want. It's freedom, total freedom. We are very happy, that's the main thing. Okay, today we go shopping. Because I need a big ladder. I'm not going to be scuffle around the house anymore. I need a big ladder. We need to lift this up. The tank can go underneath that 4 inch PVC pipe to collect the water. That's one of the main things we need to do. There's plenty more as well. I still have an assemble, I still have an assemble my street light on this side. I just can't find the right screws. I know I had something but I just don't know where the screws are. I couldn't find the city hardware here today. But anyway, that's one of the other jobs as well. Plenty more, so very busy today. Let's have breakfast. Okay, let's go to city mall first. Have something to eat. And James has got some delivery, the telegraphy work. She got lips of orders. We'll call the sniper. So they're ready for pickup of the delivery. It's got a few. Oh, oh, good up, hello. I just had some jolly bee. I waited for customer. Are we going to the brothers house? What's this? It's nobody here. We're really pasted. It's nobody there. Maybe we're going to get the student. Looks like it's nobody there. Hello. Hello. Okay, we're waiting here. James brother is a hairdresser. Hello, my love. It's the dog. Hey, somebody had black hair before. Hello, you? Okay, we're going to wait a little bit. You bug my love. I'm bug now. Oh, oh, oh. Can you back? Okay, regarding the ladder. I haven't done anything because I didn't find what I really, really want. So I didn't want to waste my time feeling me talking about it. What I like to have is a ladder that. I'm not sure actually this is what I mean by. I found one which can do a scaffolding style, which is good. When we have to do work at home. Inside home, for instance, you can walk along. That's pretty good. And then when you extend it, it's about 16 feet high. And that's the question mark. Is that going to be high enough? I put the style. I put the style. Of the ladder there on the screen. So you know, that's a 4,500 pesos. And then there's another one that I want to like two or three extension. For maximum height. This one I saw one in city had way for nine thousand eight hundred pesos. And it's got three extension. I think it's, I don't think it's strong enough. Look at my wife. She knows she's pretty. So I haven't done anything this time. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to do this. PPC pipe coming down from the gutter. And I will use a current ladder that I have. I should be able to lock it somehow on the ground and work on it peacefully. Should be fine. So we're going to do that. Hey, dressing customer just came in but brother's not here. It will look good. I look a bit fat now. I put on some weight I reckon. No good. Oh, by the way, this is my new phone. It's a Nopo 95. My old phone just wasn't working properly and a lot of problems. I just couldn't press the record button and things like that. It didn't work all the time. It wasn't reliable enough to continue doing YouTube with it. So I bought a new one. Camera still the same is very, very good as you can see. I'm happy with that. Bella very busy. Good morning. Another day another dollar. Okay, today I'm going to start with installing the street light. Just over the veranda. We need to get that done. Okay. So let's do that. Let's mark the position. And also I want to say that one of my neighbors has got a light that goes into our face here. Very high position. But what I'm going to do here, I'm not going to put like this, like most street light are. What I'm going to do, I'm going to put this way. Opposite way, because I want the light to go on to my house, not in the neighbor's house. And I got to put in this corner here, of the house. So that should eliminate all this area and that area as well. Like I always say, lights is like a fence. So I installed this, this is my tool, this is going to use. I'm going to probably pre-drill a little bit, because those posts are very, very tough. Mahogany, very hard to screw things in. And I'm going to use a set of, they're really panel roof screw with a washer. And I will do plenty, plenty strength there. I know where. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. I'm going to put this on. Okay, that light is installed. It's good. I feel better. It's been somebody going to the next line there, and install some re-bars. It's funny, because they never came here. They never have got hidden cameras around the property. I got a two little one. One stop working, because probably got wet. The little one still working. And I got the new one now. So anybody coming, I can see them. And I did see them coming. And I have to tell them to take, put the thing back to where they come from. And I have to tell them to take the picture to the police station. So it's up to them. So they bring it back. Just took some containers, nothing. So, you know, everybody knows about everybody around. So they know I've got camera here. So that's why probably they don't come here. But they went next door. Yeah, that's the way to go. And some lights. You already put some, but it needs to be a bit more over the land there. And maybe more efficient. Okay, so this is ready. I have a look tonight. Hi, it works. And how he delimited the whole thing here. Gosh, I need my wet the sniper. So much grass. Still a lot of cleanup to be done. I tell you what, it's about 9 in the morning and I'm sweating so much. It's so hot, so muggy. It's crazy. And my wife is here. She's going to cook something really nice. And I know. She already made something very nice. What is it? I saw down the fridge this morning. The dessert. What did you make last night? Mango flow. Yes. Mango float. I love it. Done. It's good for me. Sugar now. Don't seem to hold it properly. Sugar doesn't seem to be good to me. I feel very tired if I eat things sugary. So I need to be careful. I'm going to the doctor soon do a blood count anyway. I think you guys over 50 should have one down every year. Good advice. Yep. Okay. One of my favorite food is chicken seasick. And my beautiful wife here has been cooking something and then I look and... Wow! She did for me. Beautiful. Thank you my love. You want rice or bread? Bread. That looks great. And smell great while you are. My favorite dish. Chicken seasick. Taste it. Very nice. This is better than the restaurant. I hope you enjoyed this video. Until the next video. Take care God bless. Bye bye. Bye bye.