 I came here to do some diving and do mountain biking and hiking. The nature, the waterfalls, the water, the possibility of diving with sharks. I promised a friend that I would come and visit Philippines with him. Hello, we are from the Netherlands. From the Netherlands, yes. How long have you been staying here? Totally is a month, but we have only one week left. How did you end up here? What brought you to the Philippines? We saw a lot of nice pictures, like blue ocean, white beaches, palm trees, and we decided we have to come to the Philippines. All the Philippines? Yes. So how is life in the Philippines? It's really nice. We really love the people that are always smiling. But the only thing we don't like is we had a lot of rain last few weeks. So, but today there was some sun. And there was a great party today. Yes. There is a festival today. The single market, really nice. Yes. It's also really nice. Hi, I'm Alan Norris and I'm from the US. How long have you been staying? I've been here for six months now in the IT Park. Yes. What brought you to the Philippines? I came here to do some diving and do mountain biking and hiking. Yes. And just to explore all the cool beaches and things here in the Philippines. Yes. Life is great here. The weather is great. People are all so cool and nice and I love it. It's just a great place. Yes. I'm from Jamaica. How long have you been staying? I've been staying here for one week. What do you do in the Philippines? The weather mostly because I was told that the Philippines is like Jamaica. Yes. That's right. It's been very... It's been very good. I enjoyed going to the beach and I just enjoyed the infrastructure. I'm from America, Dallas, Texas. How long have you been staying? I arrived on New Year's Day. What do you do in the Philippines? I'm retired from the military and just decided this would be a great place to retire and live. All the islands, all the opportunities to scuba dive and snorkeling. I'm a water person. So I just so much adventure in a travel here. So that's what brought me here. I'm here for the Philippines. Well, I've only been here for a couple of weeks but so far I love it. The people are amazing. They're friendly. Everything's convenient and so far everything's been really good. It's been what I expected and hope for. I'm from Russia. How long have you been staying? Just one day. What do you do? What do you do in the Philippines? I'm working as a cabin crew so I came here for a business trip, let's say. How is life in the Philippines? It's amazing. The food is so delicious. People are so kind and nice and funny. So I like the nature and the weather is amazing. I'm from Australia. I'm from Israel. Okay, thank you. How long have you been staying here? I've been here for 30 days. Here for three months already. What do you do in the Philippines? I came to the Philippines for work. Same same. We don't work for the same company but yes. Why did you have to put that there? Why was that necessary? That's what it is. How is life in the Philippines? How is life? Life is great. Philippines is wonderful and I'm really happy to be here. I like it here, the weather is great. Unlike the last two weeks maybe not but nature is amazing and people are very humble. I'm from Poland. How long have you been staying here? I arrived one and a half week ago and I am staying for one and a half months. What do you do in the Philippines? The nature, the waterfalls, the water, the possibility of diving with sharks, the nice people and the beautiful weather. I wanted to escape winter in Europe so here I am. Let's go to the Philippines. How is life in the Philippines? I love it. People are super, super kind. The weather maybe wasn't the best so far but everything is affordable. People are nice, helpful and easy to commute so I really enjoy it so far. I am from France. How long have you been staying here? We've been here for a week and a half and staying for a month and a half. Everything we came here three years ago for the first time and we just couldn't wait to come back. It's just beautiful nature. Lovely people, super helpful, super easy to communicate with because so many people speak English and it's just amazing. Thank you so much for coming to the Philippines. Incredible so far. We are so excited to be here again and we are already sad that we need to live in a month and you know it's super lovely. I am from the UK from Scotland. How long have you been staying here? Only one week so far. What vlog do you do in the Philippines? Well I promised a friend that I would come and visit Philippines with him and for a few years during the time when the COVID started but then he eventually died from COVID so I decided to keep the promise and come anyway and come to visit the Philippines. But I am glad I came because I wanted to come anyway. Thank you so much. How is the life in the Philippines? It's very interesting. I think it's a very dynamic growing place. I think that in the future Asia will be the center of the new civilization for humanity. Historically it came from the West, from Europe and America. I think the future is well-orized from Asia and of a new culture on the planet and not the rise from Asian countries. Hi I'm from Brazil but I live in fresh. How long have you been staying here? I stayed two weeks in the Philippines. What vlog do you do in the Philippines? Because my son has a wedding with a Filipino woman. Yes thank you so how are you right in the Philippines? The life is good in the Philippines. Happy. I like it. India. We are from India. How long have you been staying here? Yes staying here from the Philippines. What vlog do you do in the Philippines? We came here for studying. Thank you so how is the life in the Philippines? It's very nice. We are more than expectations. I'm from Japan. I'm Japanese. How long have you been staying? In Philippines I've been here in Seoul just three days for now. What vlog do you do in the Philippines? Actually my main purpose is to participate in the internship at the longest school. Mainly what I have to do is to take care of Japanese students who want to learn English at the longest. So kind of Japanese assistance. Thank you so much for coming. How is life in the Philippines? Life in the Philippines. It's quite a good because people are more open minded, sociable and so bubbly. So for me it's easy to make a friend here in the Philippines. I'm from Switzerland but I'm Turkish. I was born in Rastar. So that's it. How long have you been staying here? I've been staying here in the Philippines for about a month. What vlog do you do in the Philippines? I'm traveling the world currently and I was in Thailand. I was looking for a new destination to go and I've been to many countries in Southeast Asia. I've never been to the Philippines and a good friend of mine is Switzerland. He's from the Philippines. He said hey go to the Philippines, check it out. So I decided to come here. What do you think you do? Life in the Philippines? It has many faces but when you go to islands people are pretty nice and helpful and it's very easy to make friends with locals. They're pretty interested in you as who you are and they want to know about the world. So love it here. Canada. Canada open for how long have you been staying? Ten days. It's okay. So what vlog do you do in the Philippines? I'm retired and I just wanted to get out of Canada for the winter and this is where I ended up. Some place warm. What do you think you do? Last question. How is life in the Philippines? Mahal. Expensive. I think yeah, expensive. Yeah. Yeah. I am from San Francisco, California. How long have you been staying here? I've been here for 11 years. Okay. What vlog do you do in the Philippines? I came here to plan for my retirement. How is life in the Philippines? It's really good. I enjoy living here. All the Filipinos are so kind. Very nice people. I from California, United States. Okay. How long have you been staying here? Last year. Okay. What vlog do you do in the Philippines? The reason I can hear is because the people in the Philippines are very friendly and also they have beautiful islands here. Thank you. Is life in the Philippines? Okay. The landscape in the Philippines is wonderful. It's so beautiful and amazing.