 I'm going to the chocolate store So beautiful Good morning from Tumageta Jonathan is already speaking Hungarian It's actually really early left Sikihor very sadly we left Sikihor and came to Tumageta and our flight to Manila is only later today so early that everything is closed so we are trying to get to the public market because that must be open already What's in public market that you're holding? I want my mission is to find a Puto chocolate There's some kind of special Puto here that you can only find here in Nagros Oriental and I even read about some drink called Sarisari which I have no idea what it is but it's also a specialty here so I think our best bet to find out what are those and to try them is in the public market I think we found the Polenka Chocolate I wonder if this is what we are looking for It's in chocolate Morning from Yes, here to try the Uto, you want to try the chocolate with chocolate? Yes yes yes The photo and chocolate Thank you so much And then Do you want your Puto with chocolate to become sweet because it's nice to have a condenser? Yes Do you know the drinks are Sarisari? Sarisari? They have it here also or can be ordered to have that also What is Sarisari? I just know it's Sarisari is a combination of coffee Mel? Chocolate The public market and as soon as they turn we found what they are looking for I don't know I don't know It's a chocolate That is Sarisari It's Wow, and you eat now This is the Puto Chocolate that is popular around here in Duma Gata and I think Paul Negros, Oriandra and they said it's not the same chocolate that we have in Europe It's a local homemade chocolate and then this is Sarisari which I had no idea what it is but it's a coffee-based drink They just also add chocolate to it and milk How's your Puto Chocolate? It's good It's like a champorado It tastes similar to a champorado just since the rice is not mixed with the chocolate it's like it's good because it's less sweet It's a delicious coffee It has coffee and chocolate It's not sweet though like I can put sugar I guess It doesn't come with sugar on its own but it's actually nice with the Puto because that's money sweet It's good Actually, not a surprise that we found it's always the little bit all of these stores seem to be telling the same After the breakfast we came to Result Boulevard Actually there's a lot of quest stuff to see and to my guess I thought the palenca was telling us a lot but we don't have time to take like an actual road Unfortunately because we would miss our flights but just here it's already really pretty I'm sure this park at night with night market is the coolest thing ever After a haircut in some walking away I found a vegan restaurant on the map and there were too much choices actually by Junetanga and I got some raps with comote chips gonna drive Looks like Ariel is here usually It's mushroom and stuff mushroom So it's strong scent of food It's so spacious It's so spacious You know I will try yours as a grain Upwork I really like it all Already after the first bite Well so Malongaya It's cream and durian ice cream Oh it is green Good morning guys It's a few days later and we are reunite and we are going to have a walk to see the beautiful sunset and the sunset and the sunset and the sunset and the sunset and the sunset and the sunset and the sunset Good morning guys A few days later and we are reunited with Karin and Marjan and we are in Manila Now tomorrow is their last day in the Philippines So they wanted to also tour Manila a little bit before going home So show, show, show Let's go One of them is very cold Quick quick We are not going to reserve parking We are already stopped at the food stores It's one of their last days in the Philippines They lost chance to try things that they didn't manage to try throughout their trips So they are getting some Quick quick How are you? Thank you Thank you First quick quick First quick quick Thank you Thank you Thank you So you are going to reserve parking for a few days Quick quick So you are going to reserve parking So you are going to reserve parking Dream to try because you have a semi-ATGT in my vlogs and then you wanted to try it for her stuff So you can't live the Philippines without quick quick For a little bit Yeah Very nice So it's incredible Amazing That was what was freshly hītāt, fresh kwekwák You never heard it being here before It's so much inliche Oh yeah But inside look But they give you empty It's hard to stop To wait a little more You just have to be ready Yes, yes Yes, it's fine. Guys, this is via Italy to the point where it's approved. The point where Hungarian approved. Everyone likes quick ways. Karinen Marjan is having a hello-hallo. Hello. Yes, yes. How are you? I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm not a bad guy. Oh. Oh. Oh, it's cold. Again. She's in the hot hot hot hot. Oh, hot hot. Oh, good clockwork. They tried the good ones. They're first clockwork. Very hot and crisp and fresh. Cheers. Wow. Yeah. No. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm explaining everything that is possible to be in a hello-hallo. Like, natadeko kaka o ulaman, beans. Oh, gojali. Yes, that's the proper way of hitting hello-hallo, analyzing it to every detail. Spaghetti. The rain is on and off by the year working around. I've got a part of it teaching, covering some history about Majalla and La Pula, who are they, Rizal, Oeda? Important. Another country they don't even teach, that's Majalla and Dai Tiri. Yeah, like, Asin Hangarive. Of course, we learned about Majalla and told you guys about this in other vlogs before. But, yeah, we don't learn it. What happened to him and that he died here in the Philippines? These are just details you learn once you come to the Philippines. Covering the sharing the knowledge with her Hungarian audience also. Food. Throwback, Ozash has eaten here, here, here, here. It's here, here, here. Baguong, there's a lot of mango. Baguong in Szygens, right? Erreastat Gornela pasta. Aha. The street food adventures continues in Rizal Park with Spatats. Baguong and mango. And it's another thing that they must try before going home. If you've been watching the previous vlogs with Karin, then you could see that she tried ballots. I challenged her to another thing that some foreigners usually don't like. So she got intrigued that she will try and test it. Oh, that's right. And she test she will try a smaller one, small piece. Baguong, Agama. Oh, look at the view of the ocean. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's me. Mmm. I'll go ahead. Tengar, Saga, go. Absolute Tengar, Saga. Thank you. Mmm. First Baguong. A ballot, you're both. She says ballot was better. It's a bit different. She gives another chance. Mango, you. No, you don't have to do that. You? You don't know how to do this. Oh, that is the best. Good. Good Baguong. No. Good Baguong here, guys, in Vita Park. It's like every Baguong test a little bit different. This is like good amount of spice, good amount of sweet, approved. Not approved by Kaurin, approved by me. No. I'm not sure what that was. Baguong and mango didn't feel bad. Her choice is back after she saw this toy. So cute. Baguong. Back back to Intramurais. It's so funny how we are so familiar with the series. I think we are not just official cordial air tour guys, but official Intramurais tour guys at this point. Yeah, it's getting better. Look up there. Yeah, it's so pretty. Look at this guys. Last time when we were here it was still getting better, and this whole road is getting third in. But do you call it this pavement? Brick road. Brick road pavement. It's super pretty. Love it. It's Spanish, it's really hot. This is a block and a cup of coffee. So I'm going to the coffee shop. Oh. We will also check out Casa Manila. It's not allowed to plug in there, but of course going to show it to Karen and Marianne. They are also amazed by this interior here. This is one of my most favorite spots within Intramurais, because it's already like European vibes throughout the whole Intramurais. But this little one is a bit different from the other one. It's a bit different from the other one. It's a bit different from the other one. European vibes throughout the whole Intramurais. But this little like side street where Casa Manila is, is like even more like just look around. Always saying that it's like in Budapest and under Budapest. So just more of like a tropical version of it, but really really similar vibes. It's a serious picture taking. So beautiful. Oh. Yeah, pretty. It's a bit different. We've been having this for a while here. I don't know if it looks like a fiasco or like a Christmas night market. And they can't go to action. Oh, how beautiful. I like it. It's a bit different from the other one. It's a bit different from the other one. It's a bit different from the other one. Yeah. We just arrived to Fort Santiago and called in a steakhouse. It's just fun. Yes. They are performing a story about the Spanish era. So with the dancing corporate, but they are carrying the steak and the stage. Well, what do you want? I want to have a Spanish song. I want to have a song. I want to have a song. Next up on the Susie and Jonathan tour is Fort Santiago. Welcome, everyone. Continuing the historic tour, the place where Jose Rizal was kept captive before he was executed by the Spanish. I'm sorry, that was a natural tour. But it's dark, guys. There's a port of Fort Santiago where there's different poems written and there's Jose Rizal, one of his poems written in Hungarian. It's displayed here. It's so cool. The Korean and the Korean are reading Jose Rizal's writing in Hungarian. Suri, Suri, a little bit. It's made for Hungarian. Yes. Specifically made for us. From the embassy of Peter, we've heard the blind people. The people who are watching the show are very happy. And that's how it's been so long since the show started. I never thought that a Hungarian friend of mine will read me. A Hungarian, a poem in Hungarian that was written by the National Hero of the Philippines. That's it. Safe, that's it. You can't even talk to me. You can't even talk to me. But I'm not here. I'm not here anymore. I'm not here anymore. I'm not here anymore.