 Hi, my name is Guja. Welcome back to my channel. Welcome to my channel. We can learn it here for the very first time. We are back for our acting to Flying Kale. And today's university that we will be reacting to is Poinner React to DLSU, D. La Salle University. I am a pronouncing it right. I am not very sure. Filipino University Store. Thank you so much for letting me know. The last university we reacted to was in elite university. And I think this is the one as well because that's what he has written down in the description box. It's in another elite university. I get it. Why was so good? Only the rich people go there. That's why I see why I haven't been able to go to a place like that. I doubt in the place I say we have certain things like that. Even for the rich people maybe it would never be even close to what I saw last time. But maybe in India there would be a lot of places like that. Maybe I haven't seen them. But yeah, if you ever come across a video for India like that, then let me know. And if you want me to react to it, I will definitely be here and doing it. Before that, we have subscribed to my channel and click the notification bell which is right next to it. So you don't miss out any further updates. You can also follow me on my Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, all the links within the description box. Also, if you want to shout out, yes, if you want to shout out, you have to either become my patron, the link will be in the description box. Or join the membership for my YouTube and again the link will be in the description box. Closing the link will not cost you anything. It's just going to show you a lot of different perks that you are really getting. Not just shout out, but connecting on socials, getting a follow back, personalize patches, emoticons, live streams. And or like just two videos and what not. But for that, you have just gone and the description box, click on it, see what suits you and if you can help me out, I will much and much more grateful for anything. It means a lot. Thanks so much if you can. Anyway, let's hop in, burn or react. That's basically me. Do DLSU Filipino University tour? Like all. Okay. Is it okay for you to like go on in a university and like film? For us like phones are always investigated and nobody else from our size ever allowed. I mean, even they are allowed, nobody would come and pretty sure. But how are they allowed to film everything? I mean, great. It's like promoting them and stuff like that. But I would love to know if it's a common thing that it can happen there. It's good. Maybe if one day I ever get a chance to go there, maybe even I can do that if only it's allowed. Or you have to take some permissions. I have no idea about it. So if you know anything about it, let me know in the comments section. It'll be great to know. Play. What is up? What is up? What is up? Love you so much. I can't kill here. It's Saturday today. I am at the last soul university. We can see the university behind us right now. It looks really, really good. Okay. A little bit of a fence in front of it though. So let's see if we can make our way in there guys. Can we? Really modern buildings and nice grass up there. And a lot of people. It looks like a very, very beautiful university from the outside. That's for sure. Okay. Wow. The university was established in 1911. So it's quite an old university. Oh, okay. It was founded by a Christian brotherhood. It's named after the Lasol brothers. The Lasol. The Lasol. Okay. Good vibes around the campus. Yes. So the Lasol University is located right next to Tuft Avenue, which is a very, very busy street. Okay. Wow. The main entrance of the Lasol University. The Lasol University is an elite university here in the Philippines. And also in the world, it ranks very well. So a very, very good academic experience. I chose the right way here. Let's see if we can get in people. Okay. It could be quite a challenge, but. Oh, we can see how it can get in. Great, great. This is the question I asked right in the beginning. Entrance. Automatic doors. I feel like a field of view already. Stage 1 has been cleared. Wow, the actual restaurant. This looks like a restaurant. It's really nice. Guys, check this out. Oh, they're really, really good at delivering. Now, let's see if we can actually get in. Flying hell is in. I do have my very own entry card. I wish you would show something like that. Do you know how I did it? I don't know. Oh. I'm a member of the club now, people. I'm a member of the club. That's okay. So look at this guy. Look at his flatboard. Oh, is a memory of brother. DelaSol University has a lot of history, you guys. DelaSol. I said it's an easy wrong in the beginning. Established by a Christian brotherhood. And it also had a role to play during World War II when the Japanese invaded Manila during World War II. DelaSol was actually one of the very few universities that remained in operation because it was kind of located on the outside of the city. So what happened was other neighboring universities, which included the Atineo de Manila, the Sons of Big Rival School. Actually had students take class here at DelaSol. So DelaSol and Atineo had to put their legendary school rivalry behind them and take classes to them. That is nice. That is nice. In difficult times, you know, they're able to put away their vicious rivalry. And still, I wrote together. The campus was actually used during World War II. We even let's get any of the scenes off around the institution and after that, the Japanese took it over and used it as a defense headquarters. Oh. This black right here is in remembrance of the Christian brothers that were killed during World War II. They were LaSol brothers serving here, of our history here at DelaSol. And the memorial plaque is located right next to the school chapel. Look at those inscortures. He always wears his glasses because I've seen his last video. He kept wearing the same thing the whole time. I would love to know if you can see through the adipment everything is dark because I've never seen him removed. Does he remove it in any video? Now, the stairs here is kept inside of me, which I really want to see if he has. Weird. I really... Okay. Anyway, we're gonna play. Apparently this chapel dates back to 1924. Beautiful woodworking and eventually the most IE can do in the world. Wow. I haven't had major answers to see a church or something like that. I had a small room and I had over to the next. I have studied in a school or university or college like that. This might be better. Maybe when I'm up on out. I have a little bit of a right neck to tough. I have a little bit of a... I was so much traffic and loud noises once you get inside. I'm gonna enter a beautiful little study scientific paradise with a tree in a gold building. A lot of a very good study and can be done here guys. In peace. In peace. Do people even go to university for studies? Lesullians are sitting there under the shade of the tree in this beautiful little courtyard and this looks like a prime place to chill after class. And not chilling the facilities here at Delasal. That's for sure. Those who do not yet know, I myself studied at the Erasmus University in Rotterdam. Peaking University in Beijing. And at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. I'm just gonna kind of explore Delasal and compare it to my own university experience. You should be able to dive there. I want to study there. The Museum of Delasal University is located. That building is just extremely... Very well maintained. I'm just making my way to the next destination of today's University. Very unfair. Delasal University tour. What we saw earlier at the start of the video was the old chapel. And now we have a world chapel. The new chapel. And apparently there is a relic inside. A little surprise and I'll tell you guys about it when I see it. Okay. This chapel was a lot smaller but also very nice. Here is the surprise, the relic that is being kept here in this chapel. It is a bone of Saint Blasau himself. Ooh. The forefather of Delasal University. This is where the library of Delasal University is. Wow. Apparently this is the center of the LSU. And I can see that because there are a lot of students here. The coolest thing about this building is that it is completely supported by pillars. It doesn't touch the ground. So there is a whole shady area right at the bottom of it. And everybody is just chilling basically under the building. Sadie. That is some serious design right there. The LSU is actually quite a small university campus. So they've come up with some of these. Yeah, it's really a lot. It's to maximize the space on their campus grounds. And I think having a building that's basically supported by pillars with a lot of space under it is one of those ways. We go in and people, we're going in. I'm so excited. I'm going to be walking under a building. How did you get this pass? I'm just curious about the how did you get it pass? I'm just chilling here. I just have a good time. This is a huge building right here. Super nice little air tunnel here. So you get a nice breeze and you get the shade. Yes. I am making my way up. Apparently there's a really cool place to mix several buildings together. And I want to walk that because you're going to get an epic view of your up there. This building in particular, it really reminds me actually of my own campus, the Erasmus University in the Netherlands. And the size of the campus does it well actually. It's a very similar size to Dutch university campuses. It's much smaller than like the campuses in Beijing or the one of you Penn. And up and up we're going people. The view on that bridge is going to be epic. I can't wait. He's going to be. We have made our way to the top. Wow, this is, and this is a really nice, super design. Very modern. This is a university. There's no window here people. No windows. Optimum breeze design. We're also at the direction of the river on the bridge. The history of Dela Salle University. It's laid out here. And I'll just show you one. The most significant happening. Okay. 1911 people. The birth of Dela Salle University. On June 16th, the brothers of the Christian schools opened the first Lasalle school. There you have it. The view here is really cool. We can see a huge football field right there. That right there is the National Football Stadium of the Philippines. Standing here on this bridge, I can see it with a perfect view. I've heard that when big international matches are happening here, this entire bridge just fills up with Dela Salle students. And they're all watching the match for free. Just an added dance of attending Dela Salle University. Epic, free footwear. Great courage. Yes. We have arrived at the auditorium. It's at the little peak. Auditorium. Sneaky little peak. Wow. That's really cool activities and performance. Actually, that reminds me of the theater at Penn and at Beijing University. What did he do? If it happened for only one thing, you may have known. What did he study? I'll go down to the ground floor. Taking it as a cons people. This is a venture right here. This is exploring. Okay. The store. And here we have the Dela S.U. store. I've read online that there's a little school pride going on here. So everybody probably comes here and buys their shirts before a sports game, especially against Atineo. Get it. Then they're definitely going to show their school pride. And they're probably all wearing school colors, which are white and green. Green stands for the Irish origin of Dela Salle. And white symbolizes the Philippines being a pearl in the oriental seeds. We have found the Dela Salle University. Green arches mascot. The green archer. This mascot has a very special story behind it. It represents Saint Dela Salle, who was a very rich man, but sacrificed his wealth for the good of society. So this is kind of like Robin Hood. Right. Honestly, out of a lot of school mascots that I've seen in my day, a guy shooting a bone arrow, that's pretty bad ass. That's pretty bad ass. Bad ass. We are on the main walkway of campus. And there's a lot of students walking here. I feel like everybody's happy people getting the happy vibe right now. So this is really, really nice. You should not sit there actually. I mean, that's when the kids are out. There's a dude. I see a lot of people standing in front of little food stalls. So let's check that out. Three go-ins together. Just wanting. I think this might not be the main canteen. More of a standing, eat something really fast, type-lays right here. This just seems like a great place to get a snack. Hi. There's little stone desks right here outside under this little sunscreen right here. And people are just studying. Universities I went to were all in countries where you have like summer and winter. And in the winter, you know, the weather gets cold people. Believe me, the campus will be snowed over. You're never seen that before. They're going to school. They're going to school. They're going to school. This is outside year-round in the beautiful weather of Philippines. This looks like some type of activity area. And I'm assuming I'm from like student organizations. People are doing a lot of extracurricular activities. That actually really reminds me of American student life. Because in America, extracurricular activities are actually very, very important. And add a lot to student life. I was going born in this town. I was going to have a student life right here on a DLSU. Those things work. When I was in our appreciated, it was on site. I'm not kidding. It smells really good. It's making me hungry. It's smelling it right now. It smells so good. It's really cool. It's something. It's a little food stalls and food places around campus. You don't have to go to one central area. Would you cheat on something what I saw? It probably has like a food play somewhere. People do you think they love those tummies? And concentrate in class. Okay. This is a really nice bustling little area here. No, sure. Maybe this is the place. Sorry. You can get a nice subway sandwich. My campuses never had fast food on them. But it's pretty cool that they got subway right here. My campuses do not have anything except for some of grassers and purpose. And they have Starbucks as well. And D. That is really cool. Actually out of all the universities I went to, there was one with Starbucks. And that was Can. And there was a Starbucks on campus as well. And I spent quite a bit of time there chilling myself. Of course. And we are now nearing the tallest school building in the Philippines. Right here. Look at that. It is very, very tall. Wow. Show. Okay. It comes down to Delasol University. Campus being quite small in comparison with other university campuses. So they come up with smart ideas to solve that problem. And one of those ideas is, hey. That's amazing. Let's just build the tallest school building in the country. Yeah. Why not? Why not? Green wall. Wow. They have their very own shopping mall here. It is owned by SM. This is a legit mall right here on campus. So in between classes, they're really shopping. They're looking so crazy. They really changed the finish of our social things for me. I've attended in the Netherlands. I've never thought that I would have been smart. And you must have been in their own shopping malls. And you must have been in their own sports complex. They have their own swimming pool. So after a really bad exam, when you're sweating, you're bought off. You can jump in the water right here and pull down a little bit. Yeah. The universities I attended in China and the US had their own swimming pools too. It's always really, really nice when university has it. And the resources. No, in my school. No, in my college. I just got out of the locker. I took the lift, and I went out to the ninth floor of the De La Salle University Sports Complex. This is where the sports teams of De La Salle practice. De La Salle University is actually famous for its strong sports teams. Most notably, it's basketball team. Nice. It's a football team, cheerleaders and the volleyball team. And we can actually see a few basketballers playing and practicing right now to check it out. Let's go. That is... Apeus. That is an epic basketball field right here, people. Wow. Wow. There we have it. That's the last one. S-U-Cap. With a green art show on it. And look at this guys. We have some gigantic trophies that the sports teams here have won. So check it out. These trophies are cool. Whoa. The trophies here are the rewards for winning the most games in the entire league. And De La Salle has three of them, people. That is an epic performance right here. We just went down the stairs and we are now in the PE classroom. This is a giant PE classroom, guys. And just like that people, we are in the top of the school complex. It's so nice to be with you. To the side of the same school. It's just meant to be a very iconic and beautiful part of campus. Everybody is just chilling and studying and the vibes are really good here, guys. Really. That's the thing, right? Bigger is not always better. This is a little bit of a smaller campus, but it just makes the whole campus way more cozy. Way more cozy. Way more bustling. Yeah, exactly. Like nice and tightly met together. And I think that's a very nice thing. De La Salle. What do you say, De La Salle in the ring of the day? And De La Salle. And the last one. We have the people. De La Salle. The facade of the state. De La Salle. What a very, very beautiful building. Ah, it's just, I feel like it's really a fantastic thing to be here. You know, like, there's some kind of magic that they've got going on here. It's just so nice. It's historical, you know, way. Whoa. Like for us, of course, when there was British and British. The teachers just literally turned green. La Salle. And I must be because it is beautiful building right here. British and English. No other explanation. Not a Berlin. I wrote a link there for some buyers. So those things, these things. The Philippines. The Philippines. That is included in the 1,000 and 1 buildings you must visit before you die. I can see why I'm being one. This is a very, very beautiful building. And it actually really reminds me of like beautiful grand buildings in the United States, like in New York. In the courthouse, for instance. Very, very beautiful. All right, guys. Okay. My transformation is complete. I'm a real La Salle now. Don't forget to follow me on Instagram. This is the one I'm talking about. I am referring to the game where the devil's was more of a ghost. If you enjoyed this video, as much as I enjoyed making it. Don't forget to like it. Subscribe to my channel. Hit the bell. And then my fellow people. I shall see you in the next episode. Peace out. Take it easy. Peace out. Animo, La Salle. Ooh, it was so much fun. You really are the definitions of certain things I said in the beginning. Wow, it's mind blowing. Seriously. I totally enjoyed this. I hope you guys enjoyed watching it as well. I'll see you guys next time. If you have some recommendations, you always need to link it down in the comment section. Because now it's certainly working. Suddenly, I don't know. Or DM me. Or however you choose to give it to me. I'll be fine with it. And I'll see you guys next time. Bye, very easy. Bye, very easy. Love you.