 We just arrived at Venice Grand Canal Mall and I'm really curious how you can see inside. It's already a little bit in the name Fennis. We will see what's inside. It is really actually Fennis. In Manela we just have amazing days. In this beautiful city we camped on a rooftop, drove Japanese and explored the biggest mall in the Philippines. Today we'll explore Bonafasiya Global City, also called BGC. It is an important business district in Manela and looks completely different than rest of the city. They were surprised, so join us on our adventure. And we are not the only ones. It's Sunday. It's already getting packed and in 10 minutes the mall will be opening. So let's take you on a ride. Must be spectacular inside if you see how many before. I thought it would be really kitchen or like fake, but it looks really pretty. It is really nice. Oh I'm gonna go in a gondola ride, Adi. Let's hope it's not that expensive as a Fennis. I don't know whose idea was it to make a Venice in Manela, but it just looks incredible. What are your thoughts? It's really pretty. And I think there are more people just exploring the streets through than actually inside the malls, but now I'm looking around. There are just restaurants here. Yeah, and all the restaurants also, they're like kind of like italiano or design. I think some of the restaurants are actually inspired by restaurants, what I've seen in Venice itself. We were planning to go on the gondola, but they're not operating yet and it's 10 at clock, so I don't know maybe later they do. Turns out the gondola ride is almost the same price as in Venice. Okay, half the price, but still 40, 50 euros. And you have to go with 4B. Yeah, you have to go with 4Pers, and so if you're with 2, I think you have to buy 2 extra tickets, or two strangers will come in to your gondola. So let's skip this one. We go back to Venice. While exploring this beautiful mall, we also wanted to share another fantastic place we visited this morning. We are here on the Manila American Cemetery and Memorial, and I think it's the most impressive and I don't think I'm sure it's the most impressive cemetery we've ever seen in our life. It's just endless. It's so big. I think there are over 17,000 graves here, all from World 4 2, and it's just like next or in Bonifacio Global City. So I did a bit of research. Like why is this is the biggest American overseas cemetery in the world, and I was wondering why, but apparently in this area a lot of Americans did die in World 4 2, fighting the Japanese, and actually a lot of metal alphaners, guys are buried here, maybe as a woman, and also a lot of brothers, and they're lying side to side. So yeah, it's impressive. I didn't blur this in our history class. This place actually reminds me of a shooting location in saving private Ryan. I don't know if you watched that movie, but yeah, it's just out of the world. So you like make this in a to-do lesson Manila. For now, let's go back to the Venice Grand Canal Mall. So again, no bundle, all right. So we are going to our next destination, and we are now going really into the middle of Bonifacio Global City, and there are there's a really nice full place. That one we are going to explore first. Look around me. This is Manila, guys. We never thought that these areas exist in Manila. It looks like some crazy big city. It looks like New York, really. He's standing here, you can say I'm in New York. Extra reason why you might think New York is because of that place where we are going now. Oh, I'm so excited about that. Yeah, it's going to be too. I am so impressed with Manila until now. You know, like we were literally talking and we can actually live in this city. Here we are. The Shake Shack. If you have seen our previous video, in Singapore Airport, I already saw a Shake Shack, and I didn't go because I wasn't with Adi, and I really want to try it. And normally, like Shake Shack is for us something, you know, if you go to America, you may be finding a Shake Shack. It's just here, here in the Philippines, they have Shake Shack. So it's time to try it out. If you don't know, we are vegetarian, and luckily they have a mushroom burger. So it's a lucky day. This is the moment we are waiting for our whole lives. So you didn't even know what Shake Shack was. I was freaking out and he was like, well, the Shake Shack. I had no idea what the Shake Shack was. I don't know if you'll keep seeing Burger King. First prize. First time prize. Get the Shake Shack sauce. It's really good. It's also special. Also the texture of fried is like crazy crispy, not too salty. Also it's like this kind of bun. That's good, so it's not falling out. Yeah, that's really smart. I think I can bite it. Yeah, yeah, I think I can do this. Cheers. Cheers. That this comes on the refrigerator. Oh, it's really nice. What is this? Cheese. The bun is really soft. They have like a big slice of mushroom inside. Yeah. It's like a portobello. Oh, it's really good. Like a portobello fry with cheese in it. So I understand why it is a bit more expensive. Okay, Hannes Reefy about the Shake Shack. The burger was amazing. The bun was a bit sweet, you know, like this really off-lochy bun. The fries were a bit too much potato for me. They were too thick. I love this. I love this. I wouldn't take the fries again to buri. I think Mira is a little bit too full from the burger. Isn't it Mira? Yeah, but I'm so sad. We didn't take a milkshake because I thought I would take a nice dessert somewhere, but I'm a bit full, so. Maybe if you walk a little bit more. And we already walked from there a little bit to here because there is a super nice flower market and a nice park. Yeah, just the walk itself is just so pretty. Yeah, it's really unbelievable. Crazy area. A really like super park. Yeah, super park. I didn't want to use the brewery, but yeah, it is super park. And the taxi driver also said this is really the high-class people are here. Like the billionaires, billionaires are Philippines. And he said, yeah, this house is owned by this famous boxer, but we didn't catch the name. And if you know that boxer, three houses, he said, if you know that boxer, comment down below. Also, people who are driving here, act as if they're driving in a western country because everybody stops for zebra crossing. We have never experienced that anywhere else in Philippines. Until now. And I also think it was like this crazy bump to go over the zebra crossing and they had to go so slow to not scratch the car that is just really used to go in front of them. Yeah, it looks so tall, maybe. So many issues here. Look at my stylish crocs. You know what I really don't understand? If you search about traveling in the Philippines, people always say, skid manela, you know, stakeless to the airport and go the next day to your destination. But until now, we've been to Bangkok, where the loom por are many other big Asian cities where people go crazy about. I think this one, manela, is the most spectacular by far. Just everywhere we look. Oh wow, this is so cool. And also the other day, we were in Interimolros. All sex and even that was so pretty. And yeah, we really, really love it here. Now we are at Fiesta Market and this is more sort of local area in Manela. It's so crazy that transition from crazy Porsche area to a typical market. But it's also beautiful. And we're focused on a drink. A drink? Yeah, I think they have a soon-to-been album. Is it? So to speak about me, we're seeing all over Manela and they have this really cute green. Yeah, now it's just for mood, but sometimes it is green little dance, you know. And now we order it and it's another expensive. We get sponsored now. We got coffee. Now we are back in crazy Manela. It's not that crazy here. How does it bring me here? This is the cruise ship. I told you it's crazy. This dance is really crazy. It's a common Elman-noe. It's good. But yeah, that brings us to the end of this video. We hope that we hope that you enjoyed this. And if you aren't Manela, definitely go to the area as wherever you are. It's gonna blow your mind. See you in the next one. Bye. Bye.