 Hello everyone, welcome back to GC Rats, welcome back to another video. Wow, today on the show. Today on the show. It's this tab. We've got about 5,000 tabs open on our Google Chrome does anyone else? Where is it? Do the same thing and then we'll relate to it. Oh, I'm excited for it. I'm excited for it. This one. Why can't we talk properly? I swear we keep talking over each other. Sorry. This video is 10 mythical creatures in the Philippines. Oh, for a rainbow body. No, not. No. 10 mythical creatures in the Philippines. Part one. Okay, let's go for it. Are you ready? Are you sure? Yes, I'm excited for this one. No idea what to expect. Is this real? Is this an actual creature? I need to cut that out. Are you stupid? I'm just thinking like, I'm actually going to be real good at making me like made up. It's literally. I need to cut that out. You're like, that's so cute. Oh my god. I just need to start it. I'm going to watch the second of this video. Okay, let's go. All right. 3, 2, 1. Go. I'm hungry by said. The real facts. Very real facts. The Philippines has a large variety of mythical creatures, especially in the... Is this going to scare me? Yes. Lost a philopinus boy of the day. It's just... Spide the fact, don't you? That's too fast. Philippine myths still have an active one in the lives of the rule for the penis. It can't just miss a certain thing. You're thinking that's going to be going to be taking a lot of variety of mythical creatures. That is freaking me out. That is quite scary, isn't it? Just a state of the mythical being still playing active one in the lives of many Filipinos, and sometimes you use a scary children. I like that. Right. Scary music as well. The real facts. But are they real facts? On it, the channel is called the real facts. Got it. 10 mythical creatures in the Philippines. Oh no. Oh no. That's scary. The music does not help. Do you win? Do you win? Do you win? It's quite sweet. Goblins? There's like... There's like... ... Goblins, owls and dwarfs. These are creatures applied certain amount of次be on humans. They turn to other humans. How they can be crash guardian. That's not scary. They become scary if someone destroys their home and punish the culprit. Oh. Have you had a holiday? Have we had that? Yeah, definitely And sticky hoes, I think Yes No, I can't do stuff like that Tick, ballang Half man, half horse Horse's head So it's the other way round of a horse It's a gorgeous centre Yeah, a gorgeous centre No, it's a gorgeous centre Centre Traffles on Oh What? No That's horrible That's not good I'm playful I don't know if I want to know all this No, I'm Next time we're hiking No, don't It's a guarder I'm not doing that at night time I'm going to... Did you hear that noise? I'm going to... I will not sleep tonight at the guaranteed Three golden hairs If you've liked three then before I eat you It was serving two dyes Fair enough Oh, this looks really scary No Oh... Oh my god, they separate What? These babies What the hell? I'm really scared This video has 1.7 million views Which means it must be real It's a separate I really don't like that That memory is not real It's mythical But It has to come from some Some of them, some of my Some of my stuff Okay, so you just go out And then And then you go No, because they're what you should go through the roof To destroy you have to search for the lower torsay The salt ash and garlic should be placed on its... The vampire, isn't it? With the daylight as well But no, George, it's nothing to do with going out of night They go through your roof in your house They come to you Sorry, I've got about 20 other apartments to get through Oh, you forgot, friendly guy He's chilled A demon tree But with human characteristics Isn't that just a human sat on a tree It's like he's smoking a tree Oh, wow Hey, look This is like a big ganger pipe that never burns out Ha ha It smells like a truck You can't imagine They were indigenous normally for the being cloth God Bare Bare Bare That looks like the tree we saw in Sicily A letter tree A letter tree Maybe that's what this is Oh, they're not evil They're just like to eat people Alright That doesn't sound like evil That's a big evil to me Don't worry, I'm not evil but I will eat you Ha ha ha Some may say they carry a beautiful white stone And if you manage to obtain it He will grant your wishes Like a genie Sounds pretty decent Still loud, doesn't look that friendly Number five Oh, that looks real I don't like that That looks pretty real to me Number Right, I think this is a Philippine invasion with sorcerer Looks like it's the curse Don't mind fooding things That scares me a lot Black magic Who torture and kill their victims Oh, no, thank you This is horrible Who draws this stuff anyway? But someone like photos I guess people don't draw stuff as elderly Yeah, true Oh, does that hurt? Identifies the victims to the Beatles What the Beatles got to do What McCartney is going around like identifying mythical creatures Can I ring a game of thrones? Is that a planet in its mouth? Yeah, each planet A giant sea serpent A giant sea serpent Causes of clipses Clipses, sweet eats it and so on and they That's one of clipses when it eats it Fairy in the sea Look at mermaid Beautiful, brings people in Probably you're going to eat, you know Probably Red tongue, whiskers, gills, small wiser size And two sets of wings No, you don't need two sets of wings to fly Preven Mortal enemies No, thank you Am I? No Oh, no Maybe if you died before reason that's the death of a dead person. That's one of the reasons. Yeah, that's the reason. The demon. So a woman and the demon has that. It can be a border piece of the world. I'm not going in the forest again. There's no point. Oh, Eat. Yeah, everything eats everything. I feel like there's something behind me. No, I'm just saying it. I'm not just saying it. Because you've got this area and we might not hear it. A ball of fire. What was that noise? I think I was. Okay, this doesn't look as scary. A ghost light. And I was very glad to see that. I was very glad to see that. I was very glad to see that. Really? I'm not traveling. I'm staying there. The noise is heatless. He sings sound. Mm-hmm. No thanks. Signed if it could be explained. That's real, then. Okay, number nine. Man. It doesn't look too welcoming. Good lamb. Maybe with a shade of light. Oh, it looks like Voodoo. It costs evil spells to humans. She's a big witch. Dark magic. Insects to bring haunted. That was like the old one. Why can't they use their powers for good? I don't know. I'm here. Yeah, don't. That's so far ahead. I have to go in there. I was impatient. We can just watch a marsleito video after this video. Sounds like a good idea. Hmm. The emotions. Yeah, let Voodoo. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah, but if they're a Voodoo doll. Yeah. Or a... Did we get around in a sharp pain? No. Yeah, we do, right? It's hard, you know. True. Where will... No, don't like that. I've heard that. As well. Really? Yeah. That's horrible. Shake, shifters. I don't like that. Human-like by date. No, no, no, no, no, no. I should be pregnant with my bad gift bird. Why is everyone eating human? I give pregnant women. Tiktok. I'll tick. Tiktok. Most commonly found on Tiktok. Yeah. I've seen some people do the lot out on Tiktok. Human liver. Very fatisaste. Yeah, fur enough. No, no, no, no. They're all nice. I can't do that. I'm actually not. I'm actually a guy. It smells like a right junk fruit. Great. It's the same... Why? That's gross. Because you know how it enters. Yeah. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. What? Who made that up? All right. This part, see, George. I'm not doing part two. This part, I don't like the look of part two. Look at that. Not beat. Look at that beat. So, that was interesting. Thank you for sending that in. Whoever you were, who sent that in. It was actually a bit scared. There's like a lot of hell out there. If I was a kid. And I was told that if I was naughty or did something wrong, that's that. I would get eaten by someone that came through my roof. I would never be naughty. I guess it works. I guess that's how to make sure your kids do the right thing. What are the comments? I'm actually terrified. They're actually commenting about the thing. Not all the windows are bad. Sometimes it might bring good luck in your life. All right. That's probably commented by the guy who's the window. He's like, they're not all bad. They've got some scary evil to set for capra. Mythical creatures. You like to chill? The Monic Power. Well, that's my Filipino friend about these. And he knew about all of them. There's one really scary thing here in the Philippines. Dada, dada, dada. Slow Wi-Fi. Terrifying. All right, guys. Thanks for watching that with us. It was interesting. We appreciate it. Anything else you want us to react to? Leave a comment below. It can't be weird if you want, but maybe let's do something fun next time. Subscribe to the channel if you're new. Give the video a thumbs up. We'll see you in the next one. Bye!