Lets bring drone and we film there
the backyard garden
You cannot fly drone all around
The birds they will eat my drone?
this bird that eating the dead people you know wow 
I'm sweating and today is not even sunny it's not  
even sunny it's very hot he is sweating unlimited 
time all that all around in the Philippines the  
life for people must be very difficult especially 
the because of the hot weather if they have to  
work outside during the afternoon like this guy 
it's very very hard if it's sunny very difficult
this is the boss all of this is the leader  
he got more wifes . yeah three wives three wives!
I will take as well I will take as well more.
welcome to my Vlog subscribe 
subscribe silent Mhierskie!
a banana avocado papaya mango coconut 
look here buko is everywhere there look  
it's all around it's all coconut trees all around 
cocnut trees is very tall oh so much taller  
yeah let's go down guys let's see what 
else is here so this is a backyard right? yeah
this is farm! small farm!
papaya! so small!
this is the baby one! yeah but already have fruits even its smaller
this is the big one oh he's so big look  
bigger than my hand. chilly this is spicy?
it's not that spicy
wow Ginger you wanna see the
Yeah in our country when we are buying 
ginger in the groceries from China because we  
it's too cold there for ginger in the Europe
you can see the chicken farm! native chicken
let's go inside the chicken 
house oh this is different oh
my parents they have as well 
chicken but only
my parents they have also chicken seven chicken!
the fighting roster? not fighting
hiding
this is the boss all of this yes he's the 
leader these are the parents. 
This is the first batch of the chicks!
Second batchof the chicks 
third batch is over there!
fourth batch are here! Egg!
is here so you separate it all yes that's good
oh
don't touch it its not allowed to touch!
you will eat balut later!
he got more Vibes yeah three wives 
three wives I will take as well I'll  
take as well more because this 
one is so cheeky huh!
are you jelous ? he have three!
and this plant is very healthy! this is malungay!
that moringa flakes?!
the chips? yeah that is very tasty!
and we use this as well for soup!
can i eat this?
yeah oh yeah you can eat! taste it!
I'll take more
tastes like grass
very delicious this is
this is a Filipino Citron yeah (lemon)
bell pepper and this one is okra so oh okra wow  
you like okay yeah?  you like?
we bought it on asian market! 5 pcs. maybe 50 php.
tomorrow will harvest okay 
we will see! calamansi baby?
yes but it's very small I need to 
take it more for just 20. unlike lemon
you know this yeah well he will 
show you please touch is it moving  
oh you want to wait oh oh this one 
is bigger yeah they are shy shy yeah
is it eating insects? 
meat this flower just try oh
no more hiding
it's magic
amazing
you don't have rabbits here no rabbits
do you like The Habit because in our country or 
around rabbits and they can eat it all these plants
I don't eat rabbits but but people there are 
anywhere there around! some people are eating rabbit yes?
but it tastes like some wild meat!
let's bring it on and we will film there  
the backyard garden wow I'm 
sweating and today is not even sunny  
it's not even sunny it's very hot he's 
sweating unlimited time all wet all around
Filipino weather welcome to the 
Philippines welcome to the Philippines  
and now in this Garden we have a flight drone!
and we will see from the above, from the birds eye! perspective
in the Philippines the life for people must 
be very difficult especially the because of  
the hot weather if they have to work outside 
during the afternoon like this guy it's very  
very hard if it's sunny very difficult 
but if they can hide in the afternoon  
in the shelter it's good but if they 
have to work on the Sun under the sun
ready to take off yes I I captain
you cannot fly all around baby 
because how come because The crow 
I I don't know the English of this bird 
the bird will eat my drone yeah you  
know this bird that eating the dead 
people you know scarecrow? like this  
they will fight your drone Philippines is friendly 
country but the birds they will fight this
come with us on our journey to beloved Philippines 
do not miss a new video from the Philippines we  
upload twice a week we will catch you in 
the next one take care and God bless you
foreign
