 When Filipinos get in a Mike sharing challenge listen listen, I got a couple of cringy comments You know what I'm saying and I just have to address it especially on my Facebook bro How pathetic are you people not you guys the nice ones you know the ones who you know see if it is take the Beauty's talking about the ones who talk about Baiting or whatever this is this doesn't even like this logically doesn't make sense Okay, and I want you to really think about it, okay? So this was recommended by many viewers and so I react to it because I love it I enjoy it a lot I genuinely do but guess what you can't make everybody believe you know can you and I accept that But I just feel the need to say this just wants maybe maybe twice listen to me man Just don't comment just block my account stop commenting these stupid things You know what's funny and goofy at the same time these people bro, and I'm not trying to instigate You know they just won't say it to me in my face because the matter of fact is if they saw me bro, and I said oh no Oh, no, I'm doing it for real because I genuinely like it now what you don't believe me just block the account Yo, just don't even comment just don't even watch, but this is just how it is I've been on YouTube for 11 years. I've had this account since 2012, okay? I was young bro 12 years old I started doing reactions three years into my YouTube channel So I've been doing reactions for over eight years man dude if if we want to use this logic of baiting then when someone's making a song on any Other thing it's baiting if you make a video on valorant your baiting valorant like what is this even what is this logic bro? This logic is idiotic Where is this going bro like where is this going this pathetic attitude in the fact is even if bro Even if there is no baiting just like I'm saying there is no baiting here. That's the goofy part There's no such thing as baiting here the funny part about this genuinely as you can't make these people happy bro But they just have to spread their toxic pessimistic attitude in the comments bro like You know what I want to do so bad bro. You know what I want to do bro. I just want to You know what I'm saying, but I'm not gonna let the anger over this is This is a quote I learned today. This is the best I remember is like anger is what you feel for other people's mistakes And that is so absolutely right with how I feel right now like these are other people just making mistakes They're not seeing clearly clearly they're watering down trying to simplify it trying to act like they're Sherlock Holmes Like they know intentions and all they see is just bad in people because these people are just pessimistic They don't even know me. They don't even know my last name like that. They don't even know my middle name They don't know me, but they want to assume you know, but of course I'm here for the 99% of people who are really kind in the comments See it for what it is enjoy the content except it if you want to watch it You watch it if you don't want to watch it goodbye The end I just felt the need to say this okay now look I'm excited for this when Filipinos enter a mic sharing Challenge or contest let's just check it out together. Please Let's go So I Yay! That old voice, man! Oh My goodness I Let's see it homie you get the flip song will just like me the flip flaps Oh Oh, yo the mature voice Oh, he got a soft one bro, too Oh my oh Oh That was just incredible bro Look how beautiful I think I got a shack to next to the water Amazing absolutely loved it so much genuinely man when you see people come together and have fun and enjoy Being in that moment singing and just truly loving exactly what they're doing because guess what they're not thinking about the next thing or the before They're in the moment and really just living within that moment That is like one of the most special things that humans have in common is like when we get in these zones when we get in these Environments where you're with friends and family all together and you guys are just kind of just doing something for pure fun on top of the Pure fun their voices are beautiful. They all have unique and different voices very very pretty some have soft some have soulful some have like Professional mature voices you name it when all that comes together along with the fact that they're in a moment Truly cherishing it and just really being in that moment together. It's so beautiful It just you can't help but not smile man. It's so so beautiful. You can't help but smile. Hmm not smile bro What sorry now look truly though? I loved it so much just like I love you guys And I want to say thank you so so so much for watching. I really do appreciate it Hey, if you liked it leave a like if you loved it subscribe if you want more let me know down the comments But love and yeah till next time guys peace