 Good late afternoon folks, 27 October, Thursday. It's about 4-17pm. We just came to the land of the day. We brought over the two ceiling fans and the chandelier. We're going to have them hold off on the ceiling fan and the chandelier downstairs because there's no windows. Ah, to keep the dust out. There's anyone who's had a chandelier before. They're hecked to clean when you're hanging and get dusty. So we're going to have them hold off until all the windows get put in place. We can close the place up. So we're going to come in and take a look to see what little updates probably on my tractor going on to mainly. Looks like there. That, I forgot what that one's for. That's not the drop light for the bar though. I think that's for the stairs. The stairs, the one in the deep dome. Let me confirm that because we haven't bought the one for the bar yet. This drop light, that's for the stairs, right? This drop light you got here. Looks like you're painting it over here again. Yes, so yeah. We're going to leave that color the same as the one. White inside, brown and swimming. Got the light. Oh, we've got everything. Slab form. So I'm just going to do a quick walk through here. Just a quick walk through. I don't expect to be in change except for the light out of it up. Got the outlet for the AC over there. That was here. I think the other is double. Back to back here. I'll just bring the door. There we go. This one's for the kitchen. Yes, baby. This is for the kitchen. They're not down and putting it together yet. This one's for the bed. Yeah, that's this one here for the sliding door downstairs over here. So this is going to get removed. Oh, that's a quick walk through yesterday. And I made you understand it as always, of course. This is going to get switched out to a wood furnishing. So next to 1500 pesos, 1,500 pesos, 30 bucks. Shouldn't be anything, but it's going to be a story. It's going here. Obviously still need to clean it up to be here. Out of that. Out of that. Nice woods. Test. And where he's both going to also, but also going to come in and fill in these gaps here and all the windows all the way up there. I'm going to fill that in. And of course put the screens in. And as well as sliding doors, the window, the back window. This one over here. The windows, the concrete frame has to be put in place about to be done next week when the workers come back right here. Of course, the windows are going to sit outside and not within that frame, but on the outside. So we've got to build frame up here, here, there, on the other one too, because the windows are going to be on the outside setting the most frames. That hasn't been made yet. So you can see, you're already going to see lights up. Lights here. That one still has to go. Excuse me, this chandelier is going to go there, but later after all the windows doors are done, same with the fan. We got here. We got the pen lights in here. And we got a different set of pen lights in here. Different shade. The other one too lights over there. And the boys are still going to be cleaned up here. Except for those, I don't know, five noticeable, they have to be or not. And you see the set that goes in, light sweet, yeah. Except for the little very little, finish frame up that one down. One light works. There's the big thing up here. This is the backside of the windows. See, take it upstairs and we'll jump to the van. Off so confirmed. Just in the window person is going to be a screen in here. That bulb lights going to go up here. See the lights going to go there. Just don't change it here. We're good when it's all in place. I think we can find it Saturday. We got 30 days. We got finally Saturday. Finish this. There. This thing is going to be close. This thing is going to be close. I think that way and the officer. And then he also got to clean down there. Not clean, but I was going to be here. I don't know. Yesterday, today and that was over. So I was told it would be done. So what's going to happen? Of course, for the Jimmy that went right, I didn't show again today. I'm really not surprised. We're trying to get a hold of him now to find out what's going on and when. The next day he's supposed to be here. Also, call your mic and the other guy he's going to bring with him. He's still working on another job. So they get out here and start digging only. I've set the thing there. So, just want to lay out for another. I'm pretty sure you can detect the... I don't know what to call it. Emma voice. The other bird she likes there. AC is going to go here. I'm going to patch up the holes as well as all the other stuff that needs patching up. Everything's got to be cleaned. And I agree this stuff, this floor should have been the last thing going on. Just look at this. Look at this. What? I don't know. You can only say someone. I don't know what's going on. Anyway, sorry folks. One of these. Okay. I think the other changes are add-on. Hey, I just wanted to follow up out of the film in there. Talk with Jesse DeFormon. Apparently, instead of leaving the 30th, he's leaving tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock. He just told us it's closed today. So, of course, he wants us paid today in the 20,000 was supposed to get to the electrician. So, let's see. We worked five days this week. It's a bit of a trick to just 25,000 pesos. I don't carry that around until I'm ready to pay somebody because you know, if you want it, it's something that happens. You're doing the money. We've asked them several times to give us heads up on everything on when you need something before you need it. Hang on, just a second. I'm being patient. The egg pilot looks show me, she said, so with the baker here across the street. Where was I? Yeah, so that, you know, that and the well-guided and show up and call your mic and the other guy, they're still working on the job they had following, building the foundation for the well. So that's the late day to day. Then our cabinets, they're painting them the same colors with wall. It was supposed to be a light brown color. And then why they're painting the same colors with wall. Welcome to the Philippines. So we've got to get all that corrected eventually. And we'll go from there. So I'll try to finish this up later. We'll get ready to go. Bye.