Let me take you to the first 
destination, Hidden Beach.  
Welcome to Leo Beach. Caalan Beach. Twin Beach. 
It's this way and we actually have to drive  
on the beach! Hey champs. What's happening? 
Welcome to another episode of: "Tag Along With  
Chai". In two episodes we're trying to show you 
the beauty of Palawan and the surrounding islands.  
We are on the island hopping tour. We just had 
lunch but, if you haven't seen the first part  
yet? I'd like to invite you to watch this video 
first. Before you carry on watching the rest  
of this video. In this video we are carrying on 
island hopping. And I'd like to take you around  
the island. We are renting a motorbike tomorrow 
where we carry on this episode with this. I hope  
you're excited. Let's go! We're really lucky with 
the weather. The ocean or the sea I have to say  
is very calm. The perfect day to show you around, 
really. And I'm saying showing you around but,  
this is also the first time for me and my 
girlfriend Ilona. It has just been a good journey  
so far and I'm glad you're taking along with us. 
Let me take you to the first destination: Hidden  
Beach. This beach is about 25 minutes away from 
here. Let's put some music on and enjoy the ride.
We call it the "Hidden Beach" because it's not 
visible from out there really. We just came  
from there. People just walk all the way here. A 
beautiful beach has to have a palm tree as well  
and there we are. Our mate Mark, our guide, is 
pointing out some monkeys. They're just living  
on the island. We are not in the zoo ladies and 
gentlemen. These are actually wils monkeys...
roaming around. Probably checking us 
out as well they're pretty curious.  
I'm sure some tourists leave 
some rubbish behind and  
they're here to collect. It's getting a little 
busier. Let's carry on. We are going to helicopter  
island. I've never been here before so, we're 
just going to explore this island together.  
We're only going to go visit a beach before we 
end this day. I hope you're still enjoying the  
journey in the Philippines. We are actually based 
in the north of Thailand and exploring parts of  
Southeast Asia and we are now exploring 
the Philippines, already for a few weeks.
We're leaving our boat behind to have a stroll 
on the beach before we head to Palawan Island.  
Back to El Nido to carry on the episode. You 
can actually walk a little bit further down here  
and the beach is totally empty. There are 
only about 80 people at the moment on this  
island anyway so, there's no mass tourism at the 
moment. Hopefully it's getting a little bit busier  
here for the Philippines as well. I know a lot of 
people don't like me to compare Thailand with the  
Philippines. But champ, I am based... This channel 
is based in the north of Thailand and I have been  
in Thailand making content for the last year. So 
that's why I compare it with the Philippines a  
little bit. They're totally different. You can 
say uncomparable but, still I like to compare  
it a little bit. I cannot wait to go home to 
Chiang Mai but I also don't want to leave the  
Philippines yet. Let's go back to Palawan, to 
El Nido. Tomorrow is another day. Good morning!  
Good morning! To continue this episode we stayed 
another night at Corong Corong Beach. We rented  
the motorbike for today. We're driving from Corong 
Corong to Nacton Beach. We're making several stops  
along the way. It's a beautiful day. The sun 
is out. But there are a few clouds in the sky.  
It might rain a little bit today. But we'll take 
it as it comes. I hope you're excited. Let's go!
We are at Caalan Beach. We had to 
go through El Nido town. We saw a  
few tourists around. We had to drive 
a few minutes north from El Nido town.  
Passing a beach. We had to drive on the 
beach actually, to get to this place.  
We're just having a stop at Catlao Resort. 
We're aving a little drink a coffee a juice,  
before we head to another beach. I just wanted to 
take you to this beach because, it's the closest  
one nearby El Nido town. Special? Yes. Can we 
get a better beach? For sure. A lovely little  
resort with a swimming pool. The pineapple juice 
was lovely, a little bit expensive. A little bit  
pricey. But it doesn't really matter. The location 
is stunning. A beautiful view on the islands.  
I'm gonna walk you down the beach real quick and 
then hop on the bike again. We go to the next  
destination. If you're looking for a quiet beach? 
Not so much music and people around you? This is  
probably one of your beaches you want to look at. 
I'm sure before the pandemic it was a little bit  
busier because, there are resorts open. Some of 
them are shut down. Let's go to our next beach.
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
Welcome to Lio Beach. A stunning beach. One of the  
most beautiful beaches here on the island. 
It started raining offshore a little bit  
already and I'm pretty sure it's heading 
our way. So we decided to grab some lunch.
A beef Kare-Kare with Bagoong, if I pronounce it 
right. I'm not even sure what it is. We got rice  
and a pasta just to check it out. But the quality 
in the Philippines of western food, Italian food,  
French food... So far it has been phenomenal. 
So let's dig in. Have a look at this.
Wow! Is it good? It is delicious. I'm 
not even sure whatwe're eating right now.  
Delicious. Especially with 
the shrimp paste. That adds  
a little bit more flavor. A little kick. A 
little something, something. We're seeing  
the weather is clearing up already. It didn't 
even rain. It was just dribbling a little bit.
We're surrounded by lovely dogs. The sun has 
started shining. We got a warning actually.  
We're not allowed in the water. There's a red flag 
on the beach. I think it's just out of precaution  
because the water looks really calm. But I don't 
know. Maybe there's like current that we don't see  
that can drag us out. I'm not sure but, we are 
finishing our food. We're gonna hang out on the  
beach. Right! The pasta cabornare. We have to 
taste this as well and give it a fair opinion.
I think I know a little bit how it has to be. 
Flavors are spot on. Nice... Bacon. No pork cheek,  
unfortunately. But we cannot ask for any more... 
Any better than what we get here. They're warning  
for sand flies and Nik-Nik. I'm not too sure what 
Nik-Nik is but, maybe you can tell us what Nik-Nik  
is in the comments? We got bitten quite often at 
the beach and it's really itchy. Ii's definitely  
not mosquitoes. It's something else. It may be 
the sand flies, It may be the sand lice. Maybe  
Nik- Nik. Chocolate and yogurt mango. Do you have 
a cup as well? Yes please. Homemade ice cream.
Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, at Lio Beach. 
It's got a bit of a sour kick to it.
The beach itself is a beautiful beach. They're 
well maintaining it because there's actually a  
tractor driving around making sure the sand 
is even. The beaches are looking fine. There  
are quite a few restaurants. A lot of variety 
to pick from. You can basically eat anything.  
We had some ice cream. We're probably 
gonna stroll down the beach a little bit  
and then crack on because, we're doing an island 
tour here, on our little motorbike. Let's crack  
on! We are at Twin Beach. This is because there 
are two beaches joining back to back. And we are  
not only at Twin Beach. No, we're actually at our 
final destination at Nacpan Beach. One of the most  
beautiful beaches here in the Philippines. This 
is what you want. You want white sand, palm trees,  
the views on the islands. This is it the sky 
is opening up a little bit. The sun is trying  
to come through. We've just entered paradise. 
We're gonna watch the sunset. The sun is still  
up there. So it's going to be a few hours. We're 
going to chill out. We probably grab a beer.  
Have a little dip in the water. Then finish 
up this episode. Exploring palawan has been  
phenomenal. Soon enough we're taking you 
back to Thailand and we're going to explore  
the north of Thailand mainly. Keep exploring 
southeast Asia but, I'm going to have to be  
honest with you champ. We fell in
love with the Philippines,  
pretty much the moment we arrived. It is a 
little bit more expensive than Thailand. No  
comparison with Thailand. Be easy on me. I'm just 
saying it's for me a little bit pricier to travel  
around here in the Philippines. So I'm not too 
sure when we're coming back but, I can tell you  
we're trying to go back to the Philippines. 
We grab a motorbike. We drive down and we  
gonna finish the episode right there. Nacpan 
Beach is this way. We actually have to drive  
on the beach. We're literally driving on the 
beach, right now because the locals are saying it.  
We are just doing it. Nacpan Beach! We're coming! 
Nacpan Beach. A beautiful beach. One of the most  
beautiful beaches here in the Philippines indeed. 
There are a few restaurants here. As famous this  
beach is. It's still quite reserved. There are 
not a lot of chairs, a lot of bars, either a lot  
a lot of restaurants. Not a lot of resorts. The 
sand is quite fine and white. The service... the  
hospitality here from the staff, the people that 
are working here with the sunbeds, behind the  
bars, they're really friendly staff. I did not 
expect this trip to be so good. Unfortunately,  
we only have limited time. I'm really excited to 
take this channel back to Thailand again. I know a  
lot of Filipinos have subscribed to this channel 
and I hope to bring you to Thailand, to explore  
the land of smiles. It's only a three and a half 
hour flight from Manila to Bangkok. So hopefully  
I can motivate you. Hopefully it can interest 
you to carry on this journey with us. Thank you  
for watching till the very end. I'd just like 
to mention that we are working on a sustainable  
channel and this is partly possible through 
memberships. You get a few perks with these  
memberships but, you definitely help the channel 
keep on going. Keep on making these videos. If you  
enjoyed this video? Give us a thumbs up. If you're 
new to the channel? Hopefully you can watch a few  
other videos and subscribe to the channel if 
you like this type of content. I would like to  
say from a beautiful piece of the Philippines, on 
Palawan Island in El Nido; bye for now stay Champ!
