 What's up guys, my name is Miles and my name is Fez and this is the commodity and today we're taking a look at what Filipinos really think of foreigners in the Philippines quotations street interviews of local Penoi Yes, I'm super excited to check this out because we we've done obviously quite a few Filipino videos in the past and From what we gathered Filipino people are the nicest people in the world so and even like the Filipino restaurants and stuff that we've went to the They're super accommodating super awesome people so I'm excited to check this out Guys before we do if you would go ahead and give us a thumbs up It truly helps us out and getting these videos out to more people Also if you would go ahead and click the subscribe button and the bell notification icon that way you guys Unstainfully on our future videos and if you'd like to help support the channel even more and get an exclusive exclusive exclusive YouTube short shout out click that join button down below. Let's hop in. I see you're very attractive obviously The many foreigners approach you to try to talk to you. It's a member You look so confident. That's why like oh, I think we should ask them. Yeah, and I'm happy to see foreigners Tell me what are your thoughts about foreigners in the Philippines? What's your name? Alex. Yeah, hi. Nice to meet you Hello and welcome back to the channel my name is Alex and today I live in Gabrod We're gonna go up then ask some women what they think of foreigners So a lot of times on this channel ask what foreigners think of the Philippines about the people and life here But and today we're gonna switch that up. We're gonna ask some Filipinas how they feel about foreigners when they see them The first impressions and so much more so before I go out there guys show some love Give me some courage hit that subscribe button. We're very close to 20,000 people so I can tell you guys what's my ethnicity Although I'm Canadian many of you guys want to know what's my background? So at 20,000 subscribers I'm gonna tell you guys my ethnicity, but hit that subscribe button hit that like button now Let's get out there and ask some Filipinas. What they think about foreigners here in the Philippines. Let's go Hi, what's your name? I'm Liselle. Yeah, where are you from? I live here in Sebu in Sebu Excellent. Have a question. Are you single or are you in a relationship? Okay, so you're taking a boyfriend or husband or a foreigner or a foreigner and where is he from? From Australia Australia? Have you ever been there? Yeah, a few times Three times. What's the biggest difference would you say between Australia and the Philippines? Well, he lives in the countryside. Oh, so I must be a girl. So Sebu is beautiful too. When I went there for the first time, I was like, wow, that's very quiet. Very different. Very different, right? Yeah. Yeah, and then the winter. How are the winter? They don't get snow there, do they? They don't, but they get super cold. Yeah, especially at night. Now he lives in the countryside. Does he have any animals? Like do you see kangaroo all year there? No. And they do get snow in Australia. Yeah, certain parts, yeah. So of course, kangaroo is a big symbol of that country. Now, do you see a lot of foreigners in Sebu? Usually do you see many of them? Oh, yeah, many, especially before lockdown. Okay. And you think they're slowly starting to come back now? Yeah, and I'm happy to see foreigners. Yeah, and why are you happy to see foreigners? Because that's my question. What are your thoughts when you see foreigners? What's the first thing that comes to your mind? Is it positive, negative? What do you think of? Positive, of course. Okay. We hope they to reason. Of course. Yeah, and I don't know, it just, it just feels good when I see foreigners. You know, you be subcalling back. Not every country is like that. So that's why I'm asking. Because I find Filipinos are very welcoming and happy. Yeah. Very good. Now, I see a lot of aims. So tell me a little bit about your tattoos. First of all, are they real? Are they just for fun? Real? Real, okay. Yeah, I want it to get more. Yeah. You want to get more, okay? Yeah. You see this arm is a little naked. So compared to this arm. Don't worry. It will be full someday. That's amazing. Now, what is one thing that makes Filipino women different than other women? What's something that makes you guys unique? You guys win every like, mis-international, mis-miss-world pageant. Oh. Wow. Like, if I were supposed to, if I want to meet a Filipino girl and, or let's say, meet you and your single, what is something you want me to know about you? What kind of girl are you? Well, me personally. I'm a loving person. Yeah. So if I, if I fall in love with somebody, a foreigner or a Filipino, whoever, I'll stick to, sure. To that person. So you're loyal. I'm loyal. Very loyal. Now, another question. I see you're very attractive. Obviously, do many foreigners approach you to try to talk to you, get your number? Because when I came to you, you were kind of, uh, very sure. I don't look at them. I don't. Well, I think there's, there's a little bit of an awkward question. I think I talk. Okay. At first, and then if, if that person look at you, and then you, you know, you, you look at, how you look at them back, then they're like, oh, he's too friendly or he's too friendly. He wants something. Yeah. I want something, something like that. So, about when I approached you, what did you think? When I looked at you? When I didn't have choice, you came to me. You're right. You're right. I thank you so much for your time. Is there any social media you want to promote anything at all? Or, I know. Awesome. Of course. Thank you for your time. Sure. Thank you. And there you have it. So that was Lizelle from Seaboo here in the Philippines. So I would say, obviously I can't speak for women, but I think so whenever a guy walks by a girl, and it's all about like the eye connection, like if they get, like you can tell somebody that's interested or somebody that doesn't want to speak to you. Yeah. Like they'll look and but they'll look away right. But if they sit there and they keep that eye connection as you're walking by, that typically means go ahead stop and say hi. Yeah. Because unless she's walking with a dude, but typically that means quite possibly, hey, what's up? Right. What's up? What's up? What's up? Philippines, her boyfriend's from Australia and she was sitting down. So the first thing that calm my eyes were definitely her tattoos. I don't have any tattoos myself, but I really liked them. Elepina your thoughts about her answers. Leave a comment down below. Now let's go find some other people to ask the same questions. Let's go. Hi, what's your name? Kane. I came. How old are you? 22 and are you single? Yes. Have you ever dated someone else? Yeah. You got me. I've been dating a foreigner. No. No. I would you be interested? Of course. Right. And tell me, have you seen many foreigners in this mall? Yeah. What do you think when you see a foreigner? Very nice. Very nice. Okay. And which country do you think are the nicest people? Of course. You're going to pull up food. Canada. There we go. So As Canadians getting a shout out one more time. Canada. I'm promoting all country. You're promoting all country. You too, Canada. I'm from Canada and she's from Thailand. Poms say hello to people. Hi. Where are you from? I'm from Thailand. It's beautiful. That's why we want to talk to her because you look so confident. That's why I like, oh, I think we should ask them. Thank you so much, Poms. And thank you for your time. I appreciate it. Thank you. Hi, what's your name? I'm Rosley Animos. And tell me, where are you? One thing that I've heard in previous Filipino videos is, Filipinos do not talk to strange, English, and typically, yeah, like Americans walking by. That's what we've been told is they just look down and keep walking. Is that true? Well, we've also said that in the comments, but it's usually because they're perfectionists and they don't want to have mispronunciates something. Correct. For us, because again, we're such a melting pot of a country that even my dad mispronounces things. And to us, it's either an opportunity to have a little laugh. They're not necessarily Adam. Now with my dad, it's we're laughing at him. And he's good with it. But and that's how most people are, you know, you make fun of them and then they just laugh about it. But it's it can also be very cute, kind of attractive way because in accent or and I think all countries think the same way that they love different accents because it's not the norm in that home. So I think if I was a foreigner there and I met a girl and she had an accent and stuff like that, I'd probably like her. It would add points to stumbling around words or having a little bit of a hard time because that's my opportunity to step in and help. Right. Like that's my, you know, I mean, I think most guys in the US would think the same way too. Oh, I agree. Yeah. Tom, are you from CB City? Yes, I'm Ellie here. And how old are you? I'm 19. 19. Are you a student? Are you working? What do you do right now? I am actually a student first year college and I also have business. Oh, you have a business. Perfect chance to promote it. Tell me a little bit about your business. I do customized gift shops for couples and I do printing also and shipping it to international. Wow, that's pretty impressive at 19. Now what about singles? What if someone doesn't have a, you know, partner? We just still be able to do that for them? Yeah, I can still do that. Okay, like me and myself. So thank you. Are you in a relationship right now? Yes. Okay. Is your boyfriend from the Philippines or is your partner? It's a foreigner. Okay. Which country is he from? Florida. So he's from the US? Yeah, that's all different country. That's a bear statement. He's a bear with a long distance relationship. It's a LDR, but I'm going to meet him next month. Oh, next month. Are you excited? And nervous? Yeah. And nervous? That's something what's the most exciting thing about meeting him next month? It's like, it's like it's still a dream because we've been talking for months and planning to meet him and do some things that we do as a whole. I want to follow him now. Yeah. It makes me feel excited and nervous at the same time because it's my first time. That's not sweet. Speaking of foreigners, do you see many foreigners here in Ireland? A lot. There's a lot. There's a lot. And tell me, what are your thoughts about foreigners in the Philippines? I don't want to generalize, but foreigners came here to just to see Filipinas and Mary and date or whatever. So you think we're just here to like Mary and date Filipinas? Because they said that dating Filipinas like to have a serious relationship. Do you have any single friends? I can't answer that because I don't have friends. My friends got friends? I don't have. Really? Yeah. We have a different family. I'm not sure. Okay, so there you go. Now you have a single friend. Come if you want to promote your business, the name, anything, social media you can tell. It's okay. Well, thank you so much for your time. You're welcome. What's your name? My name is Prince. And tell me how old are you? I'm 20. Very nice. Are you single? Are you taking? You know, it's funny though. Is she literally did the same thing? Right. Dating an American. That's not even there. Yeah, that hasn't met him yet. Like how do you randomly meet somebody from Instagram? You think? Yeah. Or you can go on Snapchat and go to different cities on the map. And no, I'm just saying like there's multiple ways to meet people. When we were doing the Filipino videos before, I had people following me and reaching out through discord and stuff. That popped off real quick. Yeah. I had the same thing. I was like, you don't want to date me. I come with a lot of baggage. Um, single. I love how you have to think about it, right? I'm just talking. I tell me, what do you do right now? Are you studying? Are you working? I'm already working. Working. Can you work? Have you had an experience? She's got a very, very excellent. Mm-hmm. I'm, yeah, from my first job. Okay. And what about like dating a relationship? Have you had a foreign boyfriend? No. And let's say you could choose any guy from any country, but not the Philippines. Which country would you choose? If a guy? Yeah, if you're a girl, I don't know. Actually, I haven't thought of that. Yeah, so let's think about it on the spot. You want to know, okay? Give me your first country that comes to mind. Oh, that's really up. Australia. Australia. Now, what about here? Where are we? So, I love mall, right? Have you ever ran into any foreigners or anything like that? Do you see them often here, though? Yes. What is like the first thing that comes to mind with your foreigner? They're tall. They're tall. This is a physical appearance. I mean, the physical appearance. Yeah. All right. And do you think having foreigners in one country is a positive thing or a negative thing? How do you think the impact like the Philippines? Well, it's, it's a positive thing, mostly for the economy. Excellent. Thank you so much for your time. I really appreciate it. Yes, sure. What's your name? My name's Alex. Yeah, hi. You didn't even introduce yourself at the beginning. And that was Chris, very friendly, very approachable. And you know, she had very, very positive things to say. But foreigners here in the Philippines, which I'm sure many people will have. And she made a very good point. You know, the economy gets really boosted when there are tourists in any country, right? So, regardless of what you think and how you feel, at least for the economy, it's a positive thing. Tourism really helps the GDP of a country. And as you know, especially Southeast Asia, many people love to come here to check out the beaches and invest in the buildings and the condos. Of course, there's some downsides. But mainly, I think, it's a positive thing. So, let me know your thoughts down below. As far as the economy goes, what do you think? Do you think foreigners being in a country is a good thing or a bad thing? I'd love to know your thoughts in the comments. Actually down below. Because don't forget, these are just opinions, right? There's no... I like his lower thirds with a question. We should start doing that. That's a lot of extra work. But I like it because it kind of actually asks the question more thoroughly. Right. Now, if she was in the US, I would not second guess her being an American. Her accent was so American. Right. Like, I would assume this is pure assumptions. I don't have no factor or anything that backs it. She spent some time in the US or in Canada. Because she sounds very North American and I don't mean Mexico. Because that's certainly part of North America and Central America. But she has a cleaner accent that my dad that's lived in America for 60 years or so or more. No, I would have never second guessed. And she had real pretty eyes. Does that come for anything? Because obviously we couldn't see the world. Yeah, I couldn't see the face. I know right a wrong way to many of these questions. Now let's go and find some more people to ask the same question. How they feel about foreigners here in the Philippines. What's your name? I'm Michelle. And how old are you? I'm 23. 23. Are you single? I'm no. Where's your boyfriend? Is your boyfriend a Filipino or a... Yeah, a Filipino. Tell me what's really different about... Have you ever dated a foreigner? No. No. Would you be interested if you're single? No. If you're single to date a foreigner. If you're single to date a foreigner. Maybe. Which is like, you're not half. So you're working here at this place. Who are the nicest foreigners do you think generally speaking? Which country had the nicest like, two weeks? Here in Philippines. Yeah. I'm sure you're not. In Panak Samah here but in Samah. Okay. Yeah. For sure. What about like, foreigners? Do you see many foreigners here? Yeah, many. But what is the first thing that you think about? What do you see a foreigner? Oh, I hate this guy. Why are you here? What's his name? No. Do you get happy when you see them? Do you think they're friendly? Yeah, yeah. In my country, you weird man. Like what? What comes to your mind? Yeah. When it comes to my mind, foreigners are, you know, like, but there are so many foreigners are not, you know, friendly or. Really? Yeah, because I can feel it. Because sometimes they're very... I can feel it when I approach them. Yeah. But there are some foreigners when I approach them. They are so smiling. Yeah, this is smiling. But they are so... In that... Yeah, I don't see that. It's the Western mentality. Sometimes in the West, the Canada, US people are so busy working. They're always on the go. And they forget to recognize people just to say hello. Yeah. But there are some foreigners when I said, can I take pictures with you, sir? But there are some... No, because I don't like social media. Yeah. I've actually had that here. Thank you so much for your time. Okay, okay, thank you. Welcome. What, like, you ask other people? No, like, no, no. When I sold a car to one person, and I was like, can we take a picture real quick? So I can post it on Facebook, and they're like, no, I don't want any of my information on social media. I was like... How to use your name? Right. Yeah, that's how it's weird. You want to go shout out to your mom? Your mom? That's what I'm doing right there. Shout out to my husband. Yeah. Oh, he's like, 400 years old. Husband and my son? Yeah, I have one son, sir. Awesome. Yeah. How old was he? Um, two. Two years old. Yeah. Two years, 23? Okay. Very cool. Thank you very much. Okay. All right. Welcome. Ah, that's y'all. It's 20 to 10. How are you? And there you have it. So that was Michelle, a very friendly girl sharing her experiences about foreigners in the Philippines. Right? So not every single foreigner is going to be happy and excited to take photos or be very friendly. But that's just how it is, right? So this video is not supposed to be scientific. The accurate. It's just some people's opinions and their experience about foreigners. I would love to hear your thoughts. Let me know which of the answer surprised you. What do you agree with, disagree with? And let me know how you feel about foreigners in the Philippines. Because for example, in Toronto, tourism isn't that big compared to the Philippines. But when I see some visible tourists, I feel very proud to be honest. You know, I'm very happy that here in Canada and Toronto and Niagara Falls, trying to take some photos and experience the culture that Canada has to offer. So yeah, I'd love to hear your thoughts. Leave a comment down below. So I would agree. That like in the Philippines, yes, it boosts the economy. Like that's probably a big part of the economy. Right. Texas. We don't really, I mean, if we're talking about tourists, foreigners, we don't really recognize them. Or say, we don't get a lot of like non-white. Right. Like I would say the majority of our foreigners are either British or I've met a lot of Australians. And they stand out, obviously, because of their accents. And then you want to speak to them. But, uh, I mean, at the same time, there's so many people that are from other countries that have moved here full time. Right. But you don't know, yeah, who's who's just there for touristy things and just there because they live there. Yeah. So I mean, this was very interesting. It takes a lot of guts to walk up to somebody to interview. Oh, yeah. I was one of the opportunity to but the fact that he had somebody with him, that makes it a lot easier. Yeah. Absolutely. This was a good video. Guys, if you all enjoyed this video, go check out his channel. I will link it down below as well. And guys, if y'all did like this video, hit that like button for us while you're at it. And if you want to see our future videos, hit the subscribe button in the bell notification. If you want to support us directly, hit that join button with that being said. My name is Miles. And my name is Feth. Thanks for watching, guys. Peace out.