 I actually just flew in this morning Like you just arrived today. So okay so far. What is your first impression of Olympus? I love the Philippines. I just want to tell you I'm a city boy And I really like that most of the people here speak English. I think the people are here a little bit more focused on harmony Yo, what's up guys? This is your work off in Kacheo Welcome to the channel for here for the first time and welcome back if you have been here before today I'm here at this beautiful city from the title you guys probably already know I'm here in BGC and I'll be asking foreigners about the experience He in the Philippines and if they had any culture shot So if you're here for the first time I would appreciate if you subscribe share the video with your friends share the video with the whole But I'm guy this is your work off in Kacheo traveling the Philippines and asking foreigners about the experience here in the Philippines Now let's go to the best part of the show you ready you ready? Let's go So okay guys, I have someone here What's your name again? Sanya And where you from? I'm from India How long you've been in the Philippines? So I've been here for about nine years For nine years Wow, so and how do you say the Philippines so far? Well, I love it. I mean, sorry. Okay, you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can feel free? I love the whole place is like really beautiful and like every now and then if you get bored You can just travel to like a couple of places in your mind Yeah, you can island right? Exactly Okay, so I mean do you have any culture shot when you move to the Philippines? Not particularly I feel like before the Philippines I lived in Indonesia so like the culture was pretty much similar Okay I just love everyone here. They're like really friendly and I really like that most of the people here speak English I think this year I die okay, yeah, I think that's the thing is we're like so it's like we advise like a foreigner to come to the Philippines Yeah, yeah, definitely it's really easy to like navigate Okay, what is the most like the thing that you say wow? It was a smart move for me to move to the Philippines that you look other I would say like the beaches the beaches island live do you see yourself living here for like long time? Yeah, definitely I feel like Philippines is really easy to like stay in and I feel like the culture is really easy to get used to So I should be okay. Okay, so guys you guys head from here to love the beaches She love traveling the Philippines. So we would advise you guys come and check the Philippines It's she said she has been here for nine years and probably you're gonna stay here longer Yeah, okay, so thank you so much and And And for how long you been here six months six months and how you find a Philippines? I love the Philippines actually I've come here for work. I've been basically here since End of January. In January, okay, my work has actually made me feel comfortable Filipinos have made me comfortable If you look at those ladies, they're very curious. Yeah, but yeah What's amazing about this place is apart from the people and their willingness to help you To appease you in any way around you know fitting in It's the diversity around the restaurant So I've never gone to a place where you have one restaurant specializing in Italian, another one for the female Another one next door with regards to Cantonese So it's just so diverse at your doorstep. So what is your favorite Filipino food then? I won't say Filipino food because they tend to eat a lot of pork Yeah, I tend to go away from that but I've got some favorites around Cantonese Okay, okay, Cantonese Filipinos are right with chicken. You can add it and chicken a double? Everything is fried. Yeah, if you like fried chicken, you're the rate of that Okay, okay, but yeah, I mean it's a great experience. Obviously the climate's really nice A bit humid, but really enjoying myself Have you gone to any island here? I've just come back from Palawan Which means you're enjoying the life here. Island like? Yeah, yeah, Palawan From here I flew over to Hong Kong, Hong Kong, I'm going to Taiwan It's just easier. Yeah, yeah, yeah So I believe in your work hard, but you play, okay? Wow, thank you so much and I really appreciate it And enjoy your stay in the Philippines. Is everybody say it's more fun in the Philippines? It's good luck. It's good luck. Okay, thank you so much, man Thank you, thank you. Okay, guys, so we just had someone who shared his experience about the Philippines Now let's go to other 40 now. Let's go Have someone on the table here, actually guys. I'll be asking him as well We're asking questions as I said, we're asking questions to foreigners They're gonna tell us the experience. We had some people ready. Now we're gonna ask this guy Hi, what's up? I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm going to do engraved your name. I'm Danny. Danny. We're from Angola. From Angola. So actually like I'm just seeing you walking by and I'm asking foreigners about the experience in the Philippines Can you like share your experience here in the Philippines? I mean, it's been good. I'm here for work. Okay. How long have you been here? Quite a long time. I don't want to mention how many years I've been here. Yeah, I mean, I got it. Yeah, but I'm good. I'm having fun. I'm working hard. And it's a good experience. So I mean, did you have any culture shock when you moved to the Philippines? No, actually, I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Actually, I mean, I'm gonna see it. You know, we're getting old. The back. It's kind of like mess up already. We have worked too hard already. But anyways, yeah. So you were saying? Yeah, I do what I gotta do to survive. That's what made me come here. Okay. So like, I mean, just back to my question. Do you have any culture shock when you move to the Philippines? Not really. No, really. Yeah, no, no. So I mean, so far it has been a good experience. Yeah, it is, it is. Yeah, and advice a lot of people to come over like there's quite a lot of a lot of good opportunities. So like, so far, what is like, can you, I don't know if you have any place that you look like, wow, I think this is the best place in the Philippines for me. Man, to tell you I'm a city boy. City boy. City boy. So I like to be in the city like BGC, Maccati. Yeah, that's usually where, where I move around. I don't go out. I don't go to the province. I don't go to the beaches. Like as I told you, I'm a city boy. I like to say in the city, buddy. Okay, okay. Okay, guys. So his name is Danny, right? So Danny and thank you so much. And I appreciate for like for your time as well. Because like we kind of been asking some people, some people they kind of refuse it. And then you are accepting. I just want to say thank you so much. Okay. Okay, guys, now let's go to the next person. This is your boy, Calvin Cash. I mean, you can tell them to subscribe, though. Don't forget to subscribe with the channel. Calvin Cash. Yeah, subscribe. Let's go, guys. We get it. We go on. Let's go to the next person. I, okay. So what's your name? I'm from Ohio. Where you from? I'm from New York. You from New York. And for how long you been here? I actually just flew in this morning. Like you just arrived today. So, okay. So far, what is your first impression of Olympus? Well, I lived here before, but it's my first time back in five years. And it's honestly. Yeah, yeah, the pandemic. It's changed a lot. Yeah, but I like it now. It's like much more like city, uh-huh, blockable. I like it. Okay. So like, do you have any plans? Any other place before? I mean, besides Manila, that's your going? I'm actually going to Palawan tomorrow. Okay. Some island. I mean, you know, you guys got it for how long you're going to see you? I'm going to be in Palawan for two weeks. And then I'm coming back here for another two weeks. And then you you going back to New York? Okay. So we in Palawan, actually. I'm ported princess. Porto Prince. I mean, I guess you can check either like Corona or El Nido though. Yeah, because I think El Nido is kind of it's a favorite one. I haven't been to El Nido yet, but I'm kind of like playing to go there. You have to go there. Okay. Yeah. If you're traveling around the Philippines, you got to go. Okay. So just arrived today tomorrow. You're going to Palawan and just enjoy the island. I mean, that life. Thank you so much. Enjoy your stay in the Philippines. No. Don't. Hey, hi, hi, hi. Don't forget. It's more fun in the Philippines. Hi. My boy Hi. Bye. Bye. Bye guys. Thank you so much. Thank you. Okay, guys. So I got someone next year right now. Where you from? From the Netherlands. Okay. And for how long you've been here in the Philippines? Almost a year now. How would you find the country? It's amazing. I really like it. It's well, I think the climate itself. It's not. But it's almost super hot. It's quite hot. Yeah. I think my the best experience here would be the people in general. Yeah. And you have any specific place that you live in the Philippines? The most. It's quite diverse, I would say. So you have Boracay, of course, is very famous. A lot of foreigners for obvious reasons. But I like Palawan and Bohol as well. Very very. And following you see yourself staying in the Philippines. I'll be here for another one and a half year at least because I'm working here. Okay. So. And did you have any culture shock when you move here? Maybe only a little bit. And by culture myself. So that I would say, place me in a unique position to already be a bit flexible to that. And I would say. So which meaning it was like kind of easy for you to adjust yourself then. I would say so. I think the people are a little bit more focused on harmony and be respectful about each other while in the Netherlands not saying they are not. Okay. They can be a bit more direct and rushed and all those kind of become here. Just ease into it. Don't stay close to the culture where you're coming from. Just really accept how it is and then you will definitely enjoy it. You so much once again and guys. He kind of shared his experience. So if you guys want to come to the Philippines and just want to say thank you so much for being here. Subscribe to the channel. If you haven't subscribed to the channel yet. And see you guys on the next episode. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. My slapping. Thank you so much.