 Okay, so learning a language in three weeks is dedication, I would say She's very impressed Oh, you're late Galee Are you Chinese? Yes, I am Oh, I can speak Chinese too I don't know what's going on He's confused, he doesn't know what's going on What's up, Philippines How are you guys doing? I know it has been a while I have been traveling to Australia for five weeks And that's why I haven't uploaded any reaction videos on this channel But there will be travel videos on my channel That is live so you can check it out at the pop-up right here What do you think? But yeah, I'm super super happy to be back and do watch some videos with you To react to some very interesting videos around the Philippines So today I am reacting to a merrily guy who actually speaks multiple languages And one of those languages is actually Filipino or Tagalog Very talented dude Video title is today I am reacting to American orders food in Filipino language Locals shocked Alright ready? How about it? Yeah, of course Of course I know you guys have wanted me to learn Tagalog for the longest time I know you keep leaving the comments Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Come on, Jamak And I'm pleased to announce that I have spent the last three weeks secretly learning Tagalog in today We are in Tagalog Which is Okay, so learning a language in three weeks is dedication I would say I mean I try learning a language It's just like you really have to take a time for it I take a lot of great Filipino businesses, restaurants Some of my Filipino friends too And we are going to go and talk to people in Tagalog And they don't have no idea that I've been studying Tagalog So, I'm a gluten-spice then Because of how fun it is to talk to Filipino's In Tagalog, I think I've actually learned how to say a lot of stuff So we're going to go and practice today Come on guys So my first stop was Kaby Sarah, my long-time favorite Kaby Sarah, my new city My friend, the owner, Audrey, is super nice And there's no idea if I'm learning Tagalog So I've come to see what you think Um, hi there Hi, I'm Audrey You good things, do you know of Audrey's in today? Oh, yeah Oh So, I'm glad to have Filipino friends How are you? How are you? Yeah, I just want to stop by and say hi How are you? How are you? Yeah, I'm good, hi, hello How are you? How are you? How are you? Oh, okay How are you? How are you? You know what that means? How good? How? How good are you? Yeah Oh, so sweet Actually, I learned Tagalog Oh, really? Yeah Oh, really? Yeah Oh, my God Yeah But, um, I learned how to speak Tagalog I learned how to speak Tagalog So, Contila Contila? Yeah Yeah, I can't She, I'll do it She's very impressed Oh, I learned how to speak Tagalog Contila Yeah, you do? Same He's speaking English, Contila Good, oh Oh, wow I know you're told me before you want to learn Tagalog I do Pinoi, Pinoi fans, co Um, I like to learn how to speak Tagalog Yeah I'm happy Amazing Welcome, guys Well done to, you know, for encouraging him to learn the language I mean, I've seen that in my comment section as well But I'm still at like the Contila Contila It's level Salamat, Salamat Oh, you're late Can you go for a walk? Galeem I'm actually, I'm actually making a video right now Oh, you're doing it Yeah Okay You know, I'm gonna go and learn it And I really want to go to the Philippines but But um Oh wow I appreciate the feedback Yeah But my parents also say when I speak my mother tongue, my mother language My country's language They also say I sound like a foreigner in my own country So That's good, that's good That is so hard, is it? Yeah My god Look at my eyes smiling Yeah Three weeks Three weeks Wow Three weeks Like that Tagalog in the chat But um Uh, madameing, madameing oras Not, not at all Yeah Yeah Hmm? 24, 24, 24 Must be I don't know But the coach happy with the Ari Coach has it more How is it? Oh, it's good It's good I, I'm good with it Yeah, Contila I'm good Contila Nagar al, Nagar al, naion Ara al, Ara Yeah Ara al, Ara Yeah, I know that Full immersion, yeah Pretty much for like two or three weeks Eight or three weeks? Yeah, so it's been doing it I love it Mabuta, Mabuhayang Ang Filipina Filipina? Yeah Because you can also hang out with a lot of Filipina Here, I know there's so many Yeah You guys Especially if there's like There's a beer Yeah Oh, you would Yeah, true If there's some mix Red horse Red horse Yeah Yeah That's good Red horse is dangerous Of course, yeah, it's pretty strong And I'm speaking of experience of course The headache that it gives you is just insane But yeah, I have been to New York And I know that there is a little manila I haven't made it today yet But maybe I'm on my next new visit to know Now, Hindipa, Hindipa Hindipa, Hindipa, Contila Don't speak Oh, you don't speak Okay Where is she? I thought we know what to be Hindipa Yeah You are Chinese right? No, no, no Chinese Oh, yeah Yeah Next we hit up Philaean food mark to get some Filipino groceries I know, I'm gonna come and start off with Rita? Rita? Don't worry, I know her parents But that's what I want to do What? She's very normal to them I'm gonna go $1 long Get it? Oh, you got that long Oh, sure you, you're working here You're not working here? You're not working here? Pictures of course Hey, come on, hey, where are you? I'm singing here, man I'm not working here I got a lot of stuff, I got a group of I got a lot of, you want some food? Some groceries? I just got a lot of food No, why not? Yeah Thanks to you guys Yeah, of course, of course I like to come here with my friends I'm gonna go to the other side I'm gonna go to the other side But I'm gonna go to the other side I'm gonna go to the other side I'm gonna go to the other side I'm gonna go to the other side Oh, I love seeing the smiling eyes Even though they were in face masks You can tell that people are very, very surprised And delighted to hear a foreigner speaking in their own language Yeah, can we have a picture of it? Of course, that's good I need a good photo, I don't know if you can hear it I'm hoping for such I'm literally just giving away yet Yeah, I'm gonna give it to some others Yeah, probably in the office There's more amazing Filipino food I think we can eat some Filipino food So, they don't have a... He's confused, he doesn't know what's going on I think I'll go to the other side I'll go to the other side But in the end, we just decided to do it Leave a part for you Leave a part for you You want? Yeah, it's good for free It's so sweet Thank you, thank you Actually, we have some groceries here We're all your groceries Free there, there, there, there Yeah, you want some Look what the... It's just doing... Okay, very well done Yeah, I think that he has to come to the Philippines for sure To see the beauty of the country And also immerse himself into the Filipino culture Not just like in the US So, hopefully he's going there very soon Because, you know, the pandemic is dying down That was bad wording Coming to an end I don't know It's better, travel is easier now And we don't have to wear face masks In the Philippines anymore It's not mandatory So, I hope that he will come and promote the country As well in the show How beautiful it is to just hang out with the Filipinos And see the country and the beautiful beaches and everything So, yeah, very much looking forward to that Let me know what you think about this video About this guy I personally am very impressed about the fact that he learns so many languages He has such a short time So, I think I saw a video of him popping up learning Chinese Spanish, I like a few different languages that he has In his portfolio, I just can speak for Working on my fifth one right now And I know how hard it is To, you know, remember the words And then also to have the conversation And to just put yourself out there to speak the language I do have to admit It's easier with a few beers of sandmakes or red holes Makes you fluent in any language So, yeah, definitely Let me know what you want to see on this channel Leave me a comment About videos that are very in demand for you And I'll see you guys on the next video here on What's up, Philippines Also, don't forget to subscribe Love you! Bye!