 Don't miss out on quality road passing. Please like and subscribe to be called cinema. Another fun moment I am pleased to skip the ads. Thank you. Whilst walking the streets of Kaganza or Oro, it feels like a young place, younger than Sabu, where I have spent a lot of my time. You see a lot of attractive women on the streets with a number of universities here. I have also noticed that a lot of CDO girls are quite fashionable and dress up accordingly. Whereas in Sabu, I thought that girls didn't really make an effort to stand out so thoroughly. But since leaving Sabu City, I haven't found actually meeting girls as straightforward. Well, it hasn't been straightforward for me. Anyway, whereas you are able to get physical with someone quite quickly in Sabu, girls tend to be more conservative in the CDO and you need to be a lot more patient. If she gets a whiff that you are just going to be passing through, she will be reluctant to get jiggy. And with a lot of girls nowadays wanting more than just a one night stand and at 22 years of age, ridiculously stating that they only date to marry. It's catch 22. You're just passing through. You want to rush to get physical as you've got little time to whine and dine her. And she won't let you anywhere near her body unless she spends at least a week working her way through the Jollybee menu. With the majority of girls in the CDO still wearing a mask, it's difficult to know what they really look like on mask. I can't understand why girls on dating websites are still wearing masks though. Actually, I can, with a lot of Filipinas, and able to afford to go to the dentist. So you need to go to places where they unmask to eat. Unless they're trying to suck rice through a straw. A good spot in CDO is near the Oro Rammer supermarket at Kogan where the staff congregate for their lunch. Is very Christmas, you're at lovely, has the food? Is it good? Lovely. You all look great in your hat. Where's your hat? Where's your hat? Santa Claus, where's your hat? You look great. You look lovely. I've got one, thanks. I've got one. Thank you. Bye bye. Hello ladies. You look lovely in your hat. Very Christmas to you all. Very Christmas. I was filming at the right time, wasn't I? I was filming you at the right time, just as you were dancing. Hi! Looking lovely. The food courts at the malls are also good spots, as is walking around the malls themselves. You're spot for choice with malls in CDO, with Ayala's Centriote, SM City, Gassano and Lim Catke all within walking distance of each other. I'm so happy to see you. I'm so happy to see you. I'm so happy to see you. I'm so happy to see you. Just watching the video is pointless unless you subscribe. Thank you. There's also a couple of nice parks where people congregate throughout the day or evening. MacArthur Park and Gaston Park are two nice spots. On the outside a lot of Mindanao girls appear to be quite busty, more so than I witnessed in Sabu. And the beautiful lady. What is your name? Angel. Angel! You are an angel. Angel! And how old are you? 22. Okay, so what do you work for? I work for a multi-level marketing company. Networking company. So why should people come to this city? We're supposed to be happy people here. They're happy people here. Yeah, I'm sorry man. Tell me why you're happy. Why are you happy? I'm happy because I'm happy people. What's that? You're enjoying life. What are your plans for your future? What would you like to do in the future? You got my billionaire. How will you do that? How? How do you think you will succeed? You want to become Miss Universe? You can't become Miss Universe. Yes, I understood that. And where would you like to visit in the world? Which countries would you like to visit? Maybe. Tell me your favorite country. Which country would you like to visit? Singapore. Singapore. South Korea. South Korea. Okay. Why do you like those three? I want to know a new experience. I'm in Vietnam. It's 4 and 3. How about the coastline? Okay. I learned to speak English. You're doing okay. Can you understand my English? A little bit. So your family is in CDO, you have family here? Not my family. Who's getting on? Okay. So you're on your own here? I am here. We're going to miss there. Okay. We're going to be good. Yeah. I don't understand. You don't understand the work. But you're doing good. You're doing good. Yes, we're doing good. Okay. I will finish there. Okay. So thank you very much. Thank you. With online dating, there's not as many girls online in CDO as there are in the bigger cities such as Sabu or Manila, which is understandable. Wherever you set your location, you're still going to get your fair share of scammers, prostitutes, ladyboys and timewasters. On arriving in CDO, I'd immediately connected with Sol on Pina Love. She was 22, said she was looking for a serious relationship. She was 60 kilograms and quite chubby, not the sort of girl I would normally go for. But she had an incredible rack which I was drawn towards. She sent me her WhatsApp number and I texted her on my first night. She asked what hotel I was staying in and what room was I in, which I thought was pretty straightforward for a girl looking for a serious relationship in CDO. Sold of Din Uptown CDO, which is five kilometers away. She sent some photographs of herself and her sister outside a condo there, where she suggested I checked into. Said she didn't have the fair to come into the city. So I said I'd meet her in Uptown CDO the following day. After eating that night, I returned to my hotel room. Sol messaged then video called me. She had braces on her teeth and didn't look great, but she lowered her phone to show her prized possessions. She was drinking outside her home with her friends and after the call ended, asked if she could bring them along tomorrow, which I wasn't too keen on, so I didn't respond. The following morning at 6am, Sol sent a good morning. We exchanged texts for the next couple of hours and then she texted saying, honey, can I borrow some money later? I'll buy it rice and some school payment if it's okay with you. This relationship was only going one way. Unfortunately, Sol's incredible rack was never unveiled as I blocked her. In CDO, I also connected on Pina Love with Angel Sophie. She had included her WhatsApp number in her profile, so I messaged her. Later that afternoon, she responded, saying she wanted to see me on video call. She looked a lot more full of face than in her photos. Girls are quite good at hiding the truth in photos. I ended the call, saying I needed to get out of the sunshine and walked into the Limket Cay Mall nearby. Angel wanted to see more photos of me and tell her my real age. I told her I'd already sent her four photos, so she sent me six more of her. She was 22, 23, had never had a foreigner boyfriend. She asked to meet me. I told her I was heading to Devowsoon. Can I come with you? She said, Jesus, we hadn't even met yet. She spent the next half hour trying to get my attention. Maybe you can call me again so we can talk about you and me. She said, I didn't respond. Not job. For five months I'd been chatting to Gwendolyn in Mindanao, who I originally connected with on OkCupid. Arriving in the CDO, I suggested she came for a sleepover. She lived 70 kilometres away near Illigan the city and asked me to go to her house and meet her mother. So I took a bus to her home on the border of the red zone. Nothing materialized, apart from a video, which you can see on my channel. Apart from that, I've just had girls on Tinder in CDO wanting money for sex. There's a few places where a number of resto bars are grouped together. Life style district to name one. But I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I imagine if you're in CDO for a longer period, or you're under 40, you're more likely to get some action. But for an older guy, I haven't got that long to wait. I could keel over tomorrow. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. I'm not a night owl anymore and as soon as they crank the music up at 6pm, I'm running for the exit. If you liked the video, please like, share and subscribe. I'll see you on the next video. Take care everyone.