 Music Sounds like a Rudi stationed in the lovely Borachai It's slightly cloudy today and I'm slightly fragile. We had way too many beers at the Henan Bukhai yesterday. We took it a little bit too seriously when we said that we wanted to get our monies worth. So yeah, very fragile. So, there's much later today. We're gonna go and check out. I was gonna say it. I'm not sure. Balabag, full of bog beets. Full of bog beets, we didn't do that last time. We didn't do it last time, so we're gonna go and check that out. And then I think we're gonna go to the book shop. We're gonna have to tell me those book shop. We need to see book shop, so we're gonna go and do them too. Actually, don't know why we haven't been to this beach before. It's so close by because Borokai is quite long, but widthwise, it's really, really short. So if you walk across, it takes about five minutes to walk from one side to the other of the island, which we're gonna do. And I think this beach meant to be good for windsurfing. Not that I'm gonna windsurf, I just wanna check out, because it's so close by. I can't really not know to it. What if we hope to see you later here? This is our second time now over here. more offensive Philippines rather than what you see on White Beach through well or the low-president. I can see the beach. Definitely not what we expected. We know it's going to be really windy so I've done it if you can hear me because of the wind surfing obviously but there's a lot of construction here. There's not many people really relaxing on the beach. It's more a beach if you like wind surfing to come to. A couple of bars of restaurants are behind that. Just pure construction. So we're going to walk to the main road and take him to Pukashell. We love these so much last year. We couldn't not come in again. Possibly our favourite beach we've ever been to in the Philippines. It's like White Beach without all the people. I'm actually really impressed here at Bullabog. I think that's how you say it. Even the roads here have been fully developed and you can come and drive down. So if you want it to just get dropped here, you can actually drive directly here because the roads are now completely finished. I hope we'll across the island Pukashell last year. It was a bumpy ride. Quick try and we've made it to Pukashell. It's been a whole year since we've been here. I'm excited to see if it looks any different. If it's busier, this bit definitely seems a lot busier along here. But I'm so pleased the road is finally done. It made for try journey. So much more comfortable. There's still loads of construction going on. You can literally see that the whole of Boracay is going to become like what's safe from two is. But let's see if it's any different than last time. The beach is so windy. I cannot believe how windy it is here today. Just like at Fullerbog, it is ridiculously windy. And unfortunately, a local boatman, his boat was here and it actually capsized the smoy and it's completely destroyed at behind me, which shows how windy it is. And this is so un... You know, you're saying this isn't normal. This time of year, the wind is never like this. I don't know. I think I'm going to go and give him a hand in a bit, help him clear up because he's boats everywhere. It's not fair. How unlucky that in summer, when there's normally no winds, he comes to get his boat for work for the day and it's completely destroyed. He didn't want any help at all. He said that later on the trucks come in to help collect it all and a bigger boat is come into like the tow bits away and get bits of gone further out I see. It's just so helpful. It's like the guy comes to work to get his boat and the what were the chances? That's never happened. I've got that colour, I've got the water, I will never ever know. It will be so poor and it can be insane if it is amazing. It is so, so rough. I've never seen sea in the fin of the sea. It's been a drop, even when the sun's out. It's quite a good fun. He's got me quite careful. Don't he swam to cute. Look at him look. You can't see on the camera. Look at him. I'm diving back in. I'm diving back in. Then waves were ridiculous. The wind was almost too much that we still have had to leave and I wanted a beer so we've headed back to our old favourite station, the exit. We absolutely love this place when we come last year. We will eat every night. Every single night because we love the staff, we love the manager, we love the drinks and they have, I think they probably have the best wifi on the island but it's got even better. It opened up, it was opened in, it was the street market which has all different food vendors and things like that. There was only one or two lots. There was only one or two but more has opened up and I always look online, best restaurants. What are the best restaurants that go to the Avalo Pizza Pots are and I didn't realise it was in there. So I've gone for that. Molly's gone to street magic. Super magic. Super magic burgers which is next door. There's a bag. It's all for dinner but it's still connected to the places. It's really good and my dad has gone for shrimp. For the chips. That's the best thing about here and then you can come into the station X bar. If you buy a drink, obviously we did. You can sit down and you can use their facilities while using that restaurant facilities while one is using the other restaurants and it will bring it out into here. This place is lovely. If you are ever coming to Boracay, definitely come here if you want to get work done. It's got a really cool chill out zone behind. You can even go into the pool and pay and use there. For the day, loads of restaurants. Perfect place. Ah, I remember the smell. Everything about it, the best burger I've ever had. I've literally always thinking about this. When we knew we were coming to Boracay, I was thinking I'm going to get a super magic. They literally are the best burgers and I can see my pizza coming. No way. You've missed me when it's on its way. Oh my god. Oh wow. Thank you. This is so good. Thank you so much. Wow. Wow. So we've got the best pizza in Boracay. The best burger. The food in station X is so good. That pizza is up there when the best pizza is up there when the best pizza is up there. Almost as good as Kermit in Chargau. Not quite, but almost there. And the fact that you can also get other things from the other restaurants. I'm super magic. And then all of them in the street food market went without that. The camera. Oh, the hospital. And the top of it all off. The station X bar is really nice as well. Beers are actually really cheap for the facilities. The wifi was still as fast. But we're back in the room. Had a little CS start, slept for way too long. We're selling the beers as getting to me. So I'll train from Beers to Tandoly. Let's straight back in. Straight back out. We're going to go out. Have some dinner. And a few more beers. Boracay is a holiday destination after all. Finally made it out. And for the first time ever, we eat food at Epic. We've been here for beers so many times, but so night we finally come to food. Right? The food here is incredible. It looks incredible. We've got natural to start. It was a good start. But I've come for a sissy egg. We got it right. It's money has gone for a pesto pasta. And Dad has gone for a chicken and no, but the baccalon special sissy looks so good. I'll make the tray. I don't know you don't traditionally have rice with sissy. I just feel like it is the best thing to have to eat. I've got garlic rice there. It looks really good. It looks so good. There's so many jalapenos. It's going to be as spicy as sissy. Mmm. I love it. When sissy gets crunchy, it tastes very good sissy. You