 Don't swim with the whale sharks in Oslo. Whale sharks should be migrating all the way around Southeast Asia but they are just staying in this small town Oslo. I've seen videos that were quite shocking and intruding into the natural environment of the animals, of the whale sharks. And I mean, if I see people riding whale sharks, that's too far. So I hope that the local tourism will be a little bit stricter with tourists. What's up Philippines! It is a gloomy day today, so I thought why not bring a little bit of sunshine to my life by just, you know, reacting to a few videos that you guys recommended. And today I am reacting to a video of a friend of mine. Well, we're not close friends, but we are like trouble blogger friends. I met him and his girlfriend in Nido and I'm talking about Joel Friend. And he did a video about 15 things I wish I knew before visiting the Philippines. Budget, fruit, safety. So I'm very curious to see what he has to say because, as you know, we all have different experiences and a few culture shots that are also involved when traveling somewhere new, but yeah, without further ado, I would just like to jump straight into this video. I'm going to be telling you 15 things I wish I knew before visiting the Philippines. The Philippines is one of the most beautiful countries in the world, but it is not as easy to travel to compared to places like Thailand and Bali. But don't worry, I'm here to help you out and make sure you are super prepared for your trip to the Philippines. Stay in two. Okay, one thing that he said is actually quite true when you come there for the very first time. I personally experienced it myself. I was very unsure where to find the information that I needed for transportation. So that was kind of like a difficult thing. But let's see what he has to say. He has shots. I've spent three months traveling the Philippines and it is honestly one of my favorite countries. In my opinion, it's got some of the best coral reefs and beaches in the entire world. But let's start with number one and that is when to go. So most of the Philippines dry season is from December to April. However, in Shaogal, it's a little bit different and it's from March to October. The dry season often done the most touristy time of the year. So that's just something to keep in mind and know that there will be more tourists there, but not as much rain. So number two, that's... Yes, I agree. I have experienced this many times when traveling the Philippines where people say, they're told to the Philippines, it's rainy season. But you know, you have to differ from where you're going to. Philippines is a big country, believe it or not. So there are quite a few weather zones, I would say. And you just have to make sure that the travel zone that you're traveling to is rada! Dry than wet. Go out in local kind of transportation and how to get around. Because it's actually a little bit different from other Southeast Asian countries. So number one, you've actually got cheap knees and these are like really cheap, big, old American trucks which you can just jump in and they take you down and road. Geep knees aren't quite hard to navigate, but if you ask the driver, they can help you out. Also in the Philippines you get tricycles, motorbike densies, which in Filipino they call habo-haban. Habo-haban. Then you also do have took-tooks in some places. These are really good and cheap ways to get around like your local town or village or get to your hotel. Also in major cities like Manila and Seaboo, they actually have the grab app so you can order taxis on your phone. I'm going to be talking about other transportation from buses, ferries, flights, all of that stuff later in the video. So stay tuned. So number three is health friendly and helpful. The Filipino people are there so- Okay, quick stop. There are quite a few ways to navigate through the Philippines and I think the best way is to, I think the website is called something to go way to go, I don't know. I'll go with it. I'll put it here. If I find it, I'll share it with you guys. But that is actually one website that shows you every possible way to get from A to B in the Philippines. So very useful. If I find it, I will also link it in the description down below. Not sponsored, just a helpful advice. Principal, they will help you out in any situation and also their English is incredibly good. The best English hot things anywhere in Southeast Asia. Yes. The children can speak lots of English and that's because you actually learn it in school. So you can actually have conversations with them and they often like to practice their English too. So number four is don't spend too long in Manila and Sibu. These are big cities. There's quite a bit of traffic and honestly the best stuff is the island, the beaches, the coral reefs. Oh, I agree. But that's where the good start. And that's where you spend your time. So number five is talking about SIM cards. Quick stop. Because I've been told many times to skip the cities and just a certain degree I agree, of course. I wouldn't go on a vacation to, you know, spend it in a city in a country where you can find the most beautiful beaches in the world. But believe it or not, Manila can be really amazing if you know where to go and what to do. So the best way to explore Manila and just make the most of your visit is to actually have friends today. Make connections with locals and just explore it with them together. Because Manila is one of those cities. It's not about sightseeing. It's about experiencing it. And I think it has a lot to offer, especially for foodies. So just dropping it here because everybody's bashing Manila and, you know, I've been living there for quite some time. It's great too. But go through islands. I personally used a smart SIM card and I highly recommend it. I had really good connection and you can actually top it up from your phone. The other thing to use is an ESIM. I've used two companies and that is Nomad and Erolo. And both of these have really good connection and good deals. I've actually got discount codes but both of them. So if you want to use them and get some money off your first ESIM, then you can. Let's talk about transportation. And if you didn't know... I usually go with the local SIM card because it's way cheaper. Having data topped up in Southeast Asia is so cheap. Really cheap. So, you know, the SIM cards that you recommended, they're great for international travel, especially if you want to have it very smoothly. Just land, you get out of the plane and you have instantly internet. But I just changed SIM cards. So another SIM card that is recommended is Globe. Now the Philippines has over 7,000 islands. Which is partly what makes it so beautiful but also really hard to travel around. Obviously taking just buses is not possible. You're going to have to take ferries or flights. And obviously, flights is the most comfortable and the quickest way. But it does cost more money. The other way you can do it is take ferries. And these are quite uncomfortable and can take quite a lot of time. But they are cheap. Moving on to number 7, I'm going to talk about booking transportation. Because it is not as easy as any travel agency in Thailand. Oh, I agree. In the wear, ask a hotel and they'll book it for you. However, in the Philippines, it's more difficult. There's a couple of different ways it works. Sometimes you actually have to go to the port and book your ferry for tomorrow or that day. Or another way you can do it is actually use bookaway.com. I've used these before. You can book online. You can use card. It is so good. And then you don't have to go anywhere to physically book it. I'll leave a link in the description to bookaway.com. Sometimes you actually have to go to the bus station and book your ticket just before you go. Or sometimes like a day in advance for ferries. But it always changes. The best thing to do is ask your hotel. And hopefully they can help you out. So the best way to book a ferry is to go there the day before. Because usually they are pretty full. And you can get very, um, hectic and sometimes you just don't land on the ferry at all. Just because you went there last minute. So it happened a few times. But you know, that's just life. Slow island life. Now moving on to number eight, let's talk about a daily budget. Everyone wants to know how much is this trip going to cost me. And it is honestly more expensive than other countries in the Southeast Asia. There are a few things which make the Philippines a little bit more expensive. One of these is like the activities, like the island hopping tours, the canyoneering. But also a lot of backpackers tend to eat more western food rather than Filipino food. And honestly this costs more money. Yes, you don't get a big street food places like in Thailand or Vietnam. And again, this will make things cost more money. Use this as a little bit of a guide. But I would budget at least 30 pounds a day minimum. You can do it less than that. But you're going to be eating a lot of local Filipino food and long transportation journeys. Also this 30 pound daily budget does not include flights. So just get into a camp, not internal flights around the country. Don't swim with the whale sharks in Oslo. A lot of people do it. Thank you. Honestly, it is. Thank you for saying that. I mean, first of all, let me just go back to the budget thing. It's also quite expensive in the Philippines. And I still don't get it why because I don't know. It's just really pricey. If you know the answer, please let me know. I'm very curious. I know electricity is expensive, but I mean, can't be that expensive, you know. Really not good for the whale sharks. Whale sharks should be migrating all the way around Southeast Asia. But they are just staying in this small town, Oslo. And that is because they're feeding them loads of fish every day. And the whale sharks are vertical, which makes it really bad because they're just feeding fish with a mouse out of the water. Honestly, if you want to swim with whale sharks, there are other beautiful places to visit in the Philippines. Don't swim. Yes. Another island. I've been there. Do it naturally. Do it properly. Don't just give in to the mass tourism. There are so many people swimming with whale sharks. And it's just not good for them. Yeah, this is something that I want to point out. You know, it's all about sustainability. And I do understand that people have to make some living as well, especially the community that profits from the whale sharks in Oslo. But I've seen videos that were quite shocking and intruding into the natural environment of the animals of the whale sharks. And I mean, if I see people riding whale sharks, that's too far. So I hope that the local tourism will be a little bit stricter with tourists. And just ensure that everything is a little bit, you know, more natural, not just like feeding them and doing crazy things, you know. So moving on to number 10, let's talk about accommodation. So there's hotels, hostels, guesthouses, but honestly, compared to someone like Thailand or Bali, you don't get as good value for your money. My list's true, unfortunately. You probably get a really nice hotel room, but in the Philippines, you won't get anywhere near that. The way to do this is to stay in hostels or guesthouses or pensions. These are a lot cheaper stays, and I highly recommend them. That's how we chav the Philippines cheaper. Two hostels I will recommend is outpost hostel in Kauron and then France hostel in Elnida. These hostels are amazing and I've swimming pools with amazing views. Just do it. They're really good. So no. Can't say much about it because I'm too old for hostels. I need my own room. Number 11 is renting a scooter in the Philippines. Honestly, it's probably the best way of getting around most countries. I agree. And they normally cost 250 pesos to 400 pesos a day, depending on the time of year and availability and all that kind of stuff. Unlike in Thailand, they probably won't make you deposit anything like your passport or cash. And so you can just ride off, but please, wear your helmet. Yes. You don't want to crash. So number 12 is this is an entry requirements to the Philippines. You actually don't need to do anything before hand for most countries. You get a free 30 day visa stamp on arrival. This is only for 30 days, but you can actually extend it if you want to at immigration offices. I haven't done it myself, but just look online and have a look for other people who have. So number 13 is something I didn't know until very recently. That is service water is mandatory. So if you're going into a restaurant or anywhere and you ask for service water, you don't actually have to pay for that. Which is really good because it means you don't have to waste plastic and buy plastic bottles of water. Lots of the Philippines are really up to date with eco tourism, no plastic. And honestly, they are so much better for the environment than other places like Thailand. Sorry Thailand. So number 13 is about the island hopping tours. These are honestly some of the best days in the Philippines. I agree. They're so much shine. You basically get a boat and you go out to the islands, whether you're in Koran, El Nida, Boracay, or Sharagow, these are the best days. You often get a big buffet, buddha fight lunch, and you just eat your life out and then carry on with your island hopping day. You can actually book these tours online and I'll leave a link in the description. But you can also book them with like your hotel or hostel, wherever you're staying. So yeah, do what you want, however you feel. Now this is the last one. I'm probably going to tell you all about and that is where to go in the Philippines. But before I do, please hit the subscribe button. I've given you all this information for free. Just because I want you to go to the Philippines as I love it so much. So please just hit subscribe. It takes two seconds. Good point, good point, why you're at it? Also subscribe to this channel, if you're not subscribed yet. You know, lots of good stuff happening here. One month, actually, same. Itinerary for the Philippines. This is going to be all the best places. And let's start with Padawan. Start in Koran in the north and then head down to El Nido, Port Barton, and then go to Ported Princesses and fly over to Sabu. From Sabu, go down to Moulbole, do the epic canyoning and then go down to Seakyaw Island, this magical island. Then go to Moulbole. Very magical. And Moulbole. Well, lots of crazy things happening there. Back to Sabu to fly over to Sharagal, the surf island. I'd spend a week there surfing. There's also lots of activities to do, which I mentioned in one of my other videos. I'll leave down below. That is your one month in the Philippines. But two other highly suggested places to go is one Camiguin Island, which has this... Yes. Fort Anderated. That ball came in the background. Honestly, it is beautiful. And it's just a three hour ferry arrived from Bohol. So you can do that. And the other place is really remote. And that is Balabag Island. Oh yeah. And Mouldeed. Still on my bucket list. It is absolutely beautiful. And there is hardly any tourists there. So please, don't tell too many people. Just go there, experience it, see the turtles, see the sand bars, see this beautiful, beautiful island. Yeah, message me about it. Too late, dear friends. They're already building an airport there. So it's going to be flooded with tourists. If you have a chance to go now, go now. It's happening. I forgot a couple of really important things, which I forgot to mention in this video, which I get asked quite a bit. And the first one is about safety in the Philippines. Honestly, we felt really safe most of the time. Even in Manila, we, well personally, I really didn't feel threatened even though you hear these stories of being, you know, more of a dangerous city. However, Amelia experienced when she was by herself that it just wasn't quite as safe. She got a lot more attention from the men when she was without me. And so, just didn't want that attention, but she never actually felt like physically threatened. So that's just something to take into account if you are so. Just the other thing is, you need to have an interest. And Amelia and I, you safely go. And I'll leave a link in the description, make sure you're covered before you come to the Philippines or anywhere on your travels. Okay, that's it. There we go. Okay, guys, thank you so much for watching it. Again, please, please, hit subscribe. It helps us to travel sharing this advice. Just making sure you really subscribe. And yeah, we really appreciate it. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you in the next video. Bye. All right. Okay, so that was really helpful, I would say, very honest as well. You know, there are some things where people are super cold. Things in the Philippines, and I think that he did really well in a very diplomatic way, just being very honest, but also pointing out what you can do to have the best experience because he really wants you to travel to the Philippines. I want you to travel to the Philippines as well, because it's such a beautiful country with amazing people, incredible diversity. And I travel to, I don't know, like, 50 provinces already. So I know what I'm talking about. And yeah, great video. If you want to see more about my travels, head over to Nellie's Life, which is always linked in the description box down below, oh, at the end of this video. Otherwise, that's it for today. I'll see you guys next time. Here are... What's up, Philippines? Bye-bye.