 Hey guys, today let's talk about why so many foreigners are coming to the Philippines to live. Not talking about for vacations or for just a short trip, I'm talking to actually relocate and live in the Philippines and why there's so much interest in that. And there's several reasons. So let's get right into it. So there's five reasons that I know of that people are coming here to the Philippines. Let's jump right into them. One of the main reasons is that the cost of living is so much more affordable in the Philippines than it is back in western countries such as the United States, Australia or Western Europe. The amount of money that you have in the savings just goes so much farther in a country like the Philippines. Now recently there's been inflation in the Philippines. Things have gotten more expensive, even as the country has opened back up. It is still far more affordable, especially labor costs when you compare that to living in the west, also housing costs very much more affordable. So a lot of people who are retired or early retired or have some sort of fixed income streams, they look at the Philippines as a place that they can have a higher standard of living than they would back in their home countries. And in some cases like the United States, I know tons of people who realistically the standard of living they would have in the United States is terrible. I know people that are making $1,200 a month, that's all they've got. It's not for working, that's their retirement, that's their social security, that's their disability, that's whatever. And they can't really live any kind of lifestyle you would want to live in the United States. But they can come to a place like the Philippines and that amount of money will not only allow them to live, it will actually allow them to have a very decent lifestyle compared to what they would have had back home and even compared to a lot of people who live here in the Philippines and are from the Philippines. By the way, if throughout this video you can think of a reason that you know of that lots and lots of foreigners are coming to the Philippines that I haven't mentioned here, make sure you leave it down in the comment below because I may re-evaluate this thing, re-research it, re-talk to people at a later time and revise it in the future if I think it's not as accurate anymore, not appreciate that. And also don't forget to subscribe so you can find this channel again and hit that like button, it really, really does help guys. The Philippines has some great nature. In fact I would argue some of if not the best in the world. As far as beaches go, I have never been to beaches anywhere else in the world that are as good as the Philippines. I've gone to places that have some really nice beaches like Copipian, Thailand, where some places in the Caribbean, such as St. Thomas, but I have never seen the beauty and the natural beaches that are basically untouched in many places like you have in the Philippines. Now, Philippines has some places that doesn't have some great beaches, but they have places where you can go that not only have amazing beaches but don't have a ton of tourism like a lot of the other neighboring Southeast Asian countries that have famous beaches where you would be surrounded by thousands of people when you went. So the Philippines really has that going for them for people who want to take day trips. Also, they have nature as far as waterfalls. They have mountains, the area that I'm in right now. You probably can't see it from here. I'll put some video up maybe, but some incredible mountains, nature literally, I'm 20 minutes away from driving up into the mountains right now. And not only having a cooler place than where I'm at now, but just amazing nature and amazing greenery, which is something that I really like and a lot of other people like and are seeking out when they're coming to the Philippines. The people of the Philippines are one of the greatest things that people come here for. And because the Philippines has an official language, has English as one of them. And because the people learn English in school and are very, very fluent in English, it's really hard to go anywhere to find someone who doesn't speak enough English for you to get by and understand even when you're out in the provinces. So that is a huge thing for people who are leaving their home countries that speak English, such as the United States, such as the United Kingdom, is having that population that speaks English. And then the one thing that the Philippines are always known for, by every place I've ever been, and everybody that I've ever talked to in person who has been there, they all say the same thing, is that the people of the Philippines are the friendliest people on earth if you're a foreigner. They're just so accepting of different cultures, they're curious about it, they're not jaded and not liking foreigners, which you see that in a lot of different countries that I have been to. And maybe that you have been to that they really don't like foreigners coming to their country. Or even if they do like it, there's a certain sub-sector society, like a third or a quarter or even half of the population, they really just doesn't like people coming to their country and are very zyrophobic. You don't have that here in the Philippines, the people are great, they're friendly, they'll invite you over to do stuff, they're just, they're warm, welcoming people, and I have never seen it anywhere else in Asia, anywhere like this, I've really never seen it in Latin America like I have here, it's really unique, like I have talked about in Europe, some of my past videos, the Albanians to Americans, were like that, not to the extent that it is here in the Philippines, but it was a refreshing thing back there in Europe. Dating is a huge thing or a companionship for people who are leaving, in my case, the United States and coming to other countries. And the thing about the Philippines is that they, again, speak English and most of the people that I'm talking about here are going to be men. They come to the Philippines, women are here open to dating foreigners or at least some of the women are. Large portion of the population, I would say, is open to dating foreigners. And in a lot of places in the world, they're not open to dating foreigners or you have a language barrier. And those two things are overcome here in the Philippines and so a lot of men do come here so that they can date because many of them have been divorced before, now they're looking to either start another family or they want to, they don't want to die alone. They want to be married. They want to have somebody that they can spend the rest of their life with and who's going to accept them despite where they come from culturally. And so that is a huge draw to the Philippines. It's also, it's kind of funny and sad at the same time because I get asked questions all the time in the Philippines. Every time I've come here, I've been coming here for years. The question that always comes up very early on in the conversation is who are you here with or why are you here or am I married? Is my wife a Filipino? Do I have a Filipino girlfriend? And I rarely get through a conversation with more than five or six words with somebody that I've just met in the Philippines where that subject is not going to come up. And in my case, I was actually married to a lady who is a citizen of the Philippines before we moved back here. So the answer is yes, I suppose she was part of that equation because she wanted to come home. But even before then, I had come, I had been passing through the Philippines going, I was actually going to a place called Palau many, many years ago. And I was on the plane and some lady next to me asked me why I was there. And when I explained it, they told me that they thought I had come because I had a girlfriend or something, even though I only had a short layover to get to it. So that is a reason that people are coming. It's a very, very popular reason that are. And also you have some men who are married to Filipinas abroad. They met them abroad. They did online dating, whatever. They ended up married. And their partners wanted to come back to the Philippines. So again, that female companionship or that spouse is one of the big reasons that they're wanting to come back to the Philippines or come to originally. And finally, it is the food. No, I'm just kidding. It really is not the food. That's definitely not a reason that people come. I like the food here. Most people, that is definitely not the reason they're interested. What is though is the weather. And people, especially from the northern hemisphere, we're in the northern hemisphere, but up where it gets cold and it gets below freezing, what to avoid winners. People have lived with it for 10, 20, 30, 40 years. And they don't like winners. They want to be in a place where it's going to be warm and tropical all of the time. And the Philippines has that in abundance. So the weather here is a big draw for a lot of people, new people that were in Europe that they would come to the Philippines during the winter months in Europe so that they could escape the winter. And then they would head back to Europe during the spring, the summer, or the falls so that they could have been in Europe, not have the terribly hot weather, but still have that European fill. In fact, that's one of the things that I'm looking at. I've always wanted to have a home base, both here in Asia and one in Europe, to kind of split my time between as I traveled about the regions. And eventually that's where I hope that I will land where I'm basically spending half the year including the winners here in the Philippines and the other half in Europe enjoying my time with those cultures. Thank you for watching. I really appreciate it. I'll see you in the next one. And if you'll watch this video right here, you'll see something else interesting from my channel. Take care.