 Ya, so welcome to Farahila Pilipin. So I'm here at the house. You know, so Terence has been in Taliban. We still have, we still have don't have, I still don't have the car back. So Terence is just gonna decided to walk for me four kilometers because we love our big bike in Burgos, you know. So we made a little shed over there. So we lock in on, we secure the motorcycle. And then from there, we're Terence ride to Taliban. So after that, he's gonna drop it there again and then leave it there and then he walk again here, you know. Because the road is quite bad, you know. It's been raining for the last few days. Although it's a little bit dried up now, but there's still some portions of the air, there's still some areas that it's been, the water is stagnant, you know. So it's quite high, you know, the bike is quite high. So it's a bit difficult to ride. So somebody asking, saying, why is it you ride? You got the bike, you know, you got a big bike. Yes, Terence, the gasoline is quite high. You know, the gasoline using the Raptor is very expensive. So we decided to use the motorcycle. So we got the motorcycle that, Tally click and baby is riding, you know. So it's been, the use that to go into school. So that's why we decided, Terence decided to get one that he loves to drive. So we got that for a year. We got, we're gonna have that for a year payment. So it's every month. We paid at every month and then after that, it's gonna be put once it's put it paid and it's also kind of, you know, it's kind of locks or a lot of locksering, but it's a kind of nice driving experience, you know. It's a nice driving experience and Terence love it. So I'm happy for it. So although at the beginning, I said now, we don't, at the beginning, I decided not to do that. I decided, I said to Terence, no, I don't want it. But then Terence had, look, we needed. So every month we paid at out of his pension. So it's a bit tight at the moment, but then later on it's gonna be smooth. Smooth. Yeah, so I'm gonna answer some questions, some comments, some emails, you know, saying, what are the things that foreigners don't like? You know, as a Filipino wife, what are the things that your foreigner don't want to be, don't want somebody to ask to him, you know. And in general, you know, I'm just gonna answer it in general. You know, so as a Filipino, you know, we Filipino, you usually normal to ask how much is your pension, how much is, how much is your income, you know, how old you are, you know, so but in the foreign or his perspective, it's a kind of, kind of, the questions that is kind of inappropriate, you know. So like here, like before, when Terence came to Sibo, you know, so Terence came to Sibo to meet me. One of the drivers, one of the taxi drivers asked, oh, sorry, do you have a Filipino girlfriend? How long you've been together? You know, how much pension do you have? You know, it's a kind of personal thing that sometimes to a foreigner's mind is not normal. You know, it's not normal, especially to do, so I newly came to the Philippines. But if you are been here for long, you know, and you know the culture, you know, how others questioning straight forward, you know, without filter, so you used to it. But it's kind of, they don't want to be, they don't want you to ask about their financial, they don't want you to ask them, if they have some financial problems, financial debts, and the other thing that I know, the other thing that I noticed, so other foreigners, you know, they don't want you to ask, oh, how much is your pension? How much is your income? Do you have some investment? You know, they don't like that. How much do you invest something? That also is how many girlfriends you have, how many wives, so you have before, you know. So the other also is, they don't like it. That's more on financials, more on financials, more about their personal lives, and also what are others, you know. I think that's all, you know, I think that's all the others. I'll leave it to knowledgeable. But other than that, you know, other than that, foreigners, once they adapt the culture, then it's pretty good, you know. With their ends, it's already accepting the culture. It's already, it's very, it's already Filipino, mindset, you know. So, the other things that I'm going to talk about, oh, sorry, it's about one of the, one of the video, we got a video that I uploaded, it's kind of trending, trending in TikTok, so I copied it, you know, I copied it, and it's now 267,000 views that I uploaded in video, in the short videos. You know, I didn't say, why is it, why is it, is it normal for a foreigner to support their Filipino family, you know, Filipino family. You know, in the, in our cases, you know, in our cases, the parents is very supportive, there is a very, a treat my family like him, you know, like his, on his blood, you know. So, it's normal, he did some negative comments over there, but I just leave it like that, you know. But to those that really, and to those really understand, and love the Filipino culture, and accept it, they will understand how far in our love is the Filipino family. So, that's it. Have a great day. Thank you so much and God bless you all.