 But you're Friday. The freshest. Alright, so this is Katrina Vilar, this latest cover, which by the way you were super excited for us to check it out. This is this Spanish version of Listen, Beyonce. I think we've heard her say that. Yes, I think she's done it. She's done it like in a live stream, in a cool mood stream or something like that. She does. I don't think she has. So she's a fool. I don't think we've watched the whole thing. This is a full cover, proper production and everything. So I'm really excited. Wouldn't it be escucha instead of Oye? Yes. Because listening is not Oye. Oye. Agendo. Sorry, I was forgetting escucha. Escucha, or like it's not, I think listen, because what is it hearing? Hearing. Is Oye. Oye. Yeah. But escucha is like, listen. Right? I don't know, go on. No. The professional translator has worked and they started. And I don't think she'll struggle with any. I think because if you're the from the Philippines, you have Spanish unactivated. You just have to activate it. Activate yourself. Help! Is that Bobby Velascu? It sounds like one of the arrangements actually. So good to see her back. What's the music? Oh, her hair. Oye. What I have to say is that I want to continue living like this. Oh, and for God. Oye. With my own strength. I need your attention. I must go. Oye, I don't know who I am. I know where I am. And to find myself. I have my vision. Of your prison. I'm finally alive. Oye. It's fucking annoying how good they are. I just, because I mean, I'm sure she doesn't, I don't know. Maybe she speaks Spanish. I have no idea about Katrina. But it's so annoying how they can just, it's serious. It's just if she spoke it, it really is all. There are obviously moments where you can tell like, oh, you know, this is like a second language. But it's like how? They're very, very subtle though. Like her pronunciation is some point. Actually, you think she just has an accent from like a region. Yeah, from like South America. It's very subtle. If you really pay attention and you're really being nitpicky about it. But to be completely honest, you listen to this whole thing. Also, they arrangement though. The vocal choices here, no less of course, is Katrina. But they never cease to amaze me like exactly where to take the song. Because one this song has been super done, overly done everywhere. And also, there's nothing more nerve-wracking than trying to make something yours in a different language. And also not lose your staple sound and not drive yourself too far from the original either. So in her case, none of those things really play, are at play here because she's so knowledgeable. And she's overcome all the obstacles throughout her whole career. But still, it's still pretty freaking surprising to me like, it's great though. It's also lyrics, good song like, so, it's full liberated and so fucking sing your heart out. I love how you just discover what the song is about when you listen to it and finish. I still don't. I just heard the word liberay. And that means like, freedom. Well, liberatad means freedom. But liberatad means like, to be free. Hey, it's going to break him free. Apologies, might seem a bit stiff. I am stiff from this part of my body. Sorry. Let's go. Music by Let me for you let me molt for you for you That arrange oh oh Yes oh yes I need singing this... But I was freakingfolded Chad shields Thanks Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Now, Ragemon's C. Breaking vocal arrangements are so good. To be honest, the breakdown, they're like the rhythmical breakdown of this arrangement is so clever. This is what I wish the song was live. This is like a live band arrangement of it and it's big and it's from boy into, I'm here for it. Just nice to choose. This is cool, bro. She's got the perfect tone. She also has the two here and there. It's like... Oh, cool. Oh. Oh. I forget, she's speaking in Spanish. Yeah, it's synth. Okay, let's talk about that. It's so natural, the way that she's singing the song in Spanish is so ridiculously natural that... You think that's just the language? Oh, she can't see the notes, but she doesn't presume everyone knows where they fuck it from or why they see them make sense. Where from South America, Venezuela? We grew up there. From there, we speak Spanish. Hey, go, that's from Facts, it's a Lesca. Spanish is our first language actually, so... Yeah, so it's really interesting when you get sort of singers from all over the world, obviously, singing Spanish. Hence the title, the Latinos thing. But yeah, so it's really intriguing, especially if you've been a fan of the channel or you sort of been watching the channel for any length of time, it seems their specific languages that also, because given the nature and the history of specific regions in the world and geography, people seem to adapt really well to Spanish. The Philippines is one of them. Wow, the one. Irvently fast. Yeah. How are they going to adapt to Spanish language? I think I think, yeah, like, obviously given the relationship with the Philippines and Spain, it seems to happen quite naturally. There's also Chabacano, which is like a dialect imprinting in one of the provinces, so it's like... Which is like, old and Spanish. It's like, broken down Spanish. Yeah, but it's still really impressive, because that's not the language that she sings in or speaks in. And actually, one of the things you find is, you know, your larynx is the shift and drop or... It's a bit changed. Yeah. It depends on the language. Like, a good example of it is like me, when I speak in Spanish, it's like a tiny bit... I was like, hi, I'll lower, I can't remember. Hi, I'll up, yeah. Yeah, and then in English, it goes a tiny bit lower. I'm not like I have the deepest voice in the fucking world, but we badly is the same. With most people, it's the same as well. So Tagalog is quite... It's a language that sits quite high, right? Yes, because there's a lot of twanginess in the natural inflection of the language itself. Also, the rhythm, the phrases and the inflection and the phrases, how they fall, they kind of all work quite high on the cheekbones. So people that speak Tagalog have a higher set in the larynx. Recently, a lot of male singers actually find it easier to push towards the top of their range in comparison to other parts of the world. Yeah. Yep, go on. Oh, yes, yes, yes. 3 James's DYING You're so beautiful What is so escapable? In the world, just in the world In the world, just in the world Oh yeah Look and think, go get this thing No wonder you're singing It's beautiful See, it's beautiful Oh, do you want a dance? No, no No sign of anything See, it's beautiful That was perfect I'm here, let's move in, but no, oh yeah, look at this, it's me You've been talking about me Me too Me too You've been talking about me Me too That's a sick video Wow I'm freaking in reach, Mendo Produced by how? Arrange by Bobby Liu I knew it, Bobby Yes, in the program She just lay in herself Next to mustard by Teddy Cut the cut She recorded herself What? Oh yeah You know, after sight I think that's a place where I'm sitting Actually it's not a place The video is sick, bro You know, also, if you listen to the arrangement in the drums and the keys It sounds like if you've ever seen modern drummer festival It's like when these people just start to show off how good they are And then they, you know, because they have such high level musicians It sounds like such great music That's what it feels like, and then you have obviously a world-class singer Because with her, I mean obviously, if you've seen the channel You obviously know the ballet sings and play the percussion and whatever And the chinos by singing But it's funny, every time we check out Katrina very rarely When she speaks when she sings in Spanish Very rarely do we have a comment on the singing No, yeah Because it's like a given, she's truly easy In case you're not very familiar with Katrina's work Imagine like when you think of a power vocalist But you put steroids on it But you give it flair and you give it personality And that's probably the best way to describe Katrina very louder Nellon Mellon She, you know, I think it's very public So the difficulty she's had Throughout her whole career actually And the fact that she is making music still to this level now It's obviously a privilege And huge honor to be able to review this type of stuff But it's the level to me the freaking... This is high level shit Yeah, it's just like It's what you would pick Like picking the best of something And a specific skill and just matching them together To collide into one song, one arrangement Four minutes and 37 seconds of absolute mastery Don't apologize if I see my best stiff again Just shoulder And don't worry about it, it's all good Because another comment is gonna be like, I hope he's alright I'm fine And apart from that, let us know what you guys thought about it And obviously what else you would check out next Okay, goodbye Goodbye