 Vitya Friday. The freshest. The winner, the absolute champion. She has arguably become the champion of the hardest singing competition in the whole of Asia. And that makes absolute sense. Yeah, because TNT in terms of pure talent, raw talent and competition is probably one of the highest singing contests in Asia. In the world I'd say I just don't know all of them, so it's hard to say. Correct, it's hard. But I would say this is a very tough environment for many reasons. Like Australia, which is a star, it makes sense. Oh, girl. Oh, that's gutsy. What? That's bozzy to the live performance of this. I love the podcast. It's just great. One, two, three, four. The singer! I'm so crazy seeing him how much he's no longer a boy. No, this is a full circle moment think about it. I'm so crazy seeing him how much he's no longer a boy. I'm so crazy seeing him how much he's no longer a boy. I'm so crazy seeing him how much he's no longer a boy. I'm so crazy seeing him how much he's no longer a boy. I'm so crazy seeing him how much he's no longer a boy. I'm so crazy seeing him how much he's no longer a boy. I'm so crazy seeing him how much he's no longer a boy. It's a response, you guys. That's a lyrics. Oh, what the hell? Oh, she's fabulous. No, come on, this is show. You go, girl. Oh, I'm convinced now. Yeah, I'm so convinced now. That is awesome. She started to stand in a bro. She is running through it. That's nice tempo as well. forget that this is actually what you sound like when you start jumping around and sounding. I love raci. Tao wag. Tao wag? Faka for the other. Tao wag. Yeah, I don't know, TNT. I love how they always maintain that. Like this is raw. Tao wag meant the harem, right? That's what it is. Why? You have to do it like the ad, you know? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, then look. I didn't help. This is why it's the head. Why is this looks amazing? Take out the tail. It's amazing. Take out the tail. Everybody, it's it because it's fake. What the hair? I don't know. You see, I don't know. It's a dive. I don't know. Well, is it hair extensions? Because how does that look so luxurious? It looks fabulous. Look at that. No, but the whole, the whole fit, the makeup, the, okay, no, everything. She has good hair as well though, like it. I'm going to wear a wig, I'm never going to be long. If I was, if I was the one coaching them, that would be so stressed and they were just sitting. It's me. Ah, bro. The shivers. Oh, you broke it. Oh, baby, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. And then we drive to the city of SiobDel New York. But yeah, we walk back in the city town on the night that's only posters. Oh, baby. The gates are terrified. Oh, no, no, no, the season is soften. Oh, for the past five years, there were nothing walls. No moreactions around the city. I have never seen any instances like these by the 16 square seat profiles that we makeup like in others. We only see four, and only different things there. One thing like this could happen, but Takah footprints. These stand in place of beauty is now a very long Bundesregierung going right? She got a second window, but that was wild. Jumping she's round. Oh my god. She's coming for the belt baby.我們就不同 one Come on Damn That Always is your husband to tell me oh no she did it and that's a winner. that's what one baby Balcan style I know hell doesn't happen. She's really Cora sequel wins that aside. I was going to say I was gonna say they're There is you know she was running through that second song like God please get me out of here We are keeping up the tempo also. I think you know having like a freaking disco song It's your second song after you've already been pumping up the crowd. It's kind of how hard that that song Yeah, I don't know what the name of song is but my god that song is right good not come up with We used to do it in band. I forgot the name but that is a killer of a track like like you really feel the tempo You really feel the dynamics of that song you really are on a freaking roller coaster, baby But that last song the first to song the first song especially had to be worried because I don't know why you would choose to go like songs that are football like speech quality forward and they're so like hip-hoppy and pop No, the thing is like the difficulty with the difficulty with that song was the opening section right because It's a speech quality. It's lower on your range. You're really not comfortable. Also your full anurves She's human okay Get that into into perspective the pressure is very high up here and In the environment so you really have to take into consideration You want something that you feel comfortable with and that lower range speech quality isn't so comfortable for everyone Exactly isn't the most accessible of dynamics due to approach Naturally, so you really have to work through those dynamics. She progresses through right and for that that last performance is on It seems she was in a Intient in a showtime Oh my god see that's what I wasn't expecting for a final Jiri Jirili blue everybody's freaking rockets Oh, she looks beautiful I'm interested what is going to be has sound correct. I totally agree because now I have no idea Also, I feel like now this the singing the ballast part. It's gonna be so easy for her Like I just I just thought this is cake for her now. I have no idea You see this is cake for her now He So really pretty girl she looks absolutely phenomenal. Yeah, she has some angles She reminds me of like you know in the 90s. Hi Yeah, it's been in 90s with those long dresses, you know, Richard Velasquez yellow dresser. I'm ready to be Yeah, honestly, this is now kind of an hour time. Yeah, I totally agree. Sharon Regis Jaya the pinnacle of Jaya Damn, you know, it's funny. I think if an artist right now someone like a light is one that has a bit of hype behind him A bit of cloud if they if they can write An original ballad or maybe Ponder up with Manalo man or Ponder up with Jonathan Manalo or Louis Ocampo You know, I mean rock Santos. He doesn't fucking matter. Choose pick your poison and pick your winner I should say and just come up with a ballad that encapsulates this sort of emotions of feeling good lyrics Don't do any of the modern shit, you know, none of that nothing forget it. Just go old school We old school for a second and then you I think you'll have a winner. I think you have a hit Yeah, I totally agree though, especially with her 10 months. I'm so blown away by her I think like for so many reasons her dynamics are freaking off the chart chart TNT champion Like a great yeah, congrats