 Hey guys, how's it going Jonathan here in the Philippines? I'm in a small town called Moa bowl in Cebu. I'll show you real quick before we get started where I am. It's absolutely beautiful. I just stopped here to do a bit of narrating but today this video is gonna be a bit different from the usual vlogs that I've been doing here in the Philippines. Today or yesterday is one official month that I have been in the Philippines. So I wanted to do a video just talking about my impressions and my thoughts on the Philippines after being here for one month. I'm going to talk about what has met my expectations, what has exceeded them, and I'll also cover the negatives and what I wasn't anticipating here because I think it's important to cover everything from the good and the bad and not just have a channel talking about the highlights. Then I'm gonna talk about how much longer I'm going to stay in the Philippines having all of this taken into consideration. I won't waste any of your time today, I'll jump right into it. The first point I'll make, I don't want to start with the beauty of the country because I think that's so obvious. I think everyone knows how beautiful this country is and I'm wasting your time telling you that. You already know that. I think people come here to the country because of the beauty but what leaves a lasting impression on the tourist is it's not the beauty, it's the people. The hospitality, the kindness here is unparalleled. I have videos on this channel one where after meeting a family, two minutes later they invite me to their birthday party. That same day, two minutes after meeting me, I'm invited into their home. I have another video where my flip flops broke and five different locals come over to help me fix the flip flops without me even asking. Two of them offered to give me their own flip flops and go without them so I could have a pair. Everyone throughout that video, I'm walking around by myself and locals keep inviting me over to share food with them or to sing with them. They see that I'm alone and they welcome me over. I don't get that anywhere else. I've never had that type of hospitality like I've seen here in the Philippines. People inviting me over, people inviting me into their home and it's unbelievable. The kindness. Part of that I'm sure has to do with the fact that they speak English so well so we are able to communicate and they can invite me over and we can chat. But I've been to plenty of English-speaking countries where they don't do that at all. So it's really something unique and something special here with the hospitality you see in the Philippines. Kind of a good segue here. I mentioned the English. The English in this country has exceeded my expectations. I knew they spoke English here but I didn't realize how well they spoke English. It's not everyone you see in that one video with the flip flops. There are a few people who don't speak English but for the most part everyone I've encountered so far speaks English really well. And that makes everything so much easier. I've spent eight years living in non-English-speaking countries. Initially it was exciting and now it's just it's kind of inconvenient. So coming to a place where they speak English so well it's a huge plus. Now one thing that is maybe my favorite part of living in the Philippines and traveling around the Philippines is something I've actually never heard anyone else talk about here. Maybe because it's not tangible but it's the energy that you feel here in the country, the energy from the locals. This is such a relaxed country and that energy of the locals is contagious and I feel it and I find myself being more relaxed and happier here. As I've mentioned in several videos before one thing that's unique to me that stands out is the fact that everyone here sings just as they're walking around as they're at work. And I have a theory that this contributes to this overall relaxed vibe and energy. Not to sound too hippy for you but it's real. Energy is contagious, it's real. And when everyone around me is laughing and singing and smiling that energy is something that I adopt and I find myself singing. If you followed this channel I'm talking about this in the early videos how I'm timid and I don't want to sing on camera and the more recent videos I'm singing at the top of my lungs. Now I'm comfortable singing in public here. It's awesome it really is. I personally feel safe here. That's not to say I'm going to let my guard down I'm always cautious and skeptical of new people but personally I do feel safe here. I'm sure I can ramble for an hour about what I love about this country absolutely love it here. I haven't even talked about the food. I love the adobo the leach on but I feel like I need to shift to the negatives just so people who've never been here and are thinking about coming to the Philippines can learn a few things that I wish I had known. The biggest one for me personally would be the cost of living or the cost of traveling. It's definitely more than what I expected. Now if you live here and you're settled and you know where to get the cheap food and you know the public transportation to use it definitely can be cheap. I'm sure it can. Here are some food that I bought for 55 pesos which is around one US dollar absolutely delicious so I know that it can be cheap here. However if you are visiting for the first time and you want to island hop and you're staying in the touristy areas it's not going to be that cheap. The restaurants were around $10 or more for a lot of these places which is it's not far off from the US prices my home country. And if you want to island hop and you want to fly last especially if you're doing last minute bookings those flights are not going to be cheap. If you book them far in advance they can be very cheap especially if you're flying out of Manila or Seaboo. If you're booking last minute flights and hopping around from isolated island to isolated island those flights can easily be over $100. If you're booking them on short notice of course you can always take buses and ferries but just keep in mind that could take all day. I've got a video on this on a full travel day that I show you here in the Philippines. I'm not complaining about any of these things. I'm just informing people who might be visiting the Philippines. I'm just letting you know what to expect. I don't mind the travel days the buses the scenery is actually quite nice but it helps to know what to expect. And again once once I get settled here and I learn where all of those 55 peso places are this cost of living I'm sure can be cheap. Something I have to talk about here is Wi-Fi right but that might actually not be in the negative section. I was surprised with the Wi-Fi here. Here I'll show you some screenshots here in Moa Bowl. This is a tiny town in Seaboo Island far away from the major city. It's been good. I'm just saying that this place is called Red Doors. I initially booked it for a couple nights to test out the Wi-Fi and it's been good enough for me to work and have video calls online, upload YouTube videos. So I ended up extending for several weeks here at Red Doors because it's a quiet place. It is outside of town so you're not going to hear the live music from the downtown area but it's still a short motorcycle ride, scooter ride, five minutes to the main nightlife area but it's quiet. It has good Wi-Fi, it has a pool. It's a great place if you want the best of both worlds and you want to be able to sleep. I even went to a small island called Seaky Horror and was surprised that the Wi-Fi was much better than I thought it was in certain places. All of that being said I know there are tiny islands where the Wi-Fi is not existent. There are 7,000 islands in the Philippines. There are going to be places where the Wi-Fi is not great but they're definitely small towns and even small islands where the Wi-Fi is doable and you can hold video calls and work from there. So that's actually in the positives list but just have realistic expectations. You're on islands. Wi-Fi is never great on tiny islands. Keep that all in mind, keep a backup SIM card with data on it. In Seaky Horror, if you go to Seaky Horror, San Juan Hostel had the better Wi-Fi and Hiroya had the better Wi-Fi. And on top of that if you have a genius discount on booking.com, for me this entire month everywhere I've stayed it's been cheaper for me to book online through booking.com with my genius discount instead of paying in person. I'm not sponsored by booking.com free tip for you and keep in mind that this is a cash country even at the hotels you can't pay with credit cards. You're paying in cash. All of this taken in consideration everything I've said here could this be a place where I could stay longer term? Well for now I just extended my visa obviously I told you I've been here for more than a month so I'm either illegal or I extended my visa. I extended my visa in Dumagetai. I have a video coming out. I'll probably post a video showing you how that process went but I extended my visa for 3000 pesos for one month. That same day I booked a flight to visit my family in the United States and I bought a round trip ticket coming back to the Philippines. I haven't even begun to explore what this country entails. I haven't scratched the surface. The people, the food, the islands there like I said there are 7,000 islands. I haven't I've been to three destinations so far. So I'm definitely coming back. One month isn't enough, two months isn't enough so I'm definitely coming back. I love this country I can't wait to see more of it and meet more people. It's just it's an endless adventure here in the Philippines. The good thing for any of you looking to get visas for an extended period of time you have the option again to extend for another one month or you can extend for another six months they have a six month option they have a two month option depending on your nationality but if you came in if you're one of the countries under I think it's executive order four zero eight or four ten I made a video about then you can come in without a visa as long as you are vaccinated fully vaccinated they're very strict about the vaccinations here you have to even go when I went to Seekyhor island the other day I had to show a vaccination card just to get on that island so if you don't have a vaccination card you couldn't go to Seekyhor island so that is another thing you can't come to the country you can't travel around the country without being fully vaccinated if you lose that vaccination card you're in a pickle too there's so much more that I could say about the country honestly let me know in the comment section below actually if you have any specific questions maybe if you're a foreigner and you've never been here and maybe I can make a future video like this talking about answering some of those questions or maybe do a live Q&A video at some point there's a lot I can say and and there will be plenty more that I discover overall I love it I absolutely love it here if you again if you've watched my channel you know that my favorite thing to do is just drive around on a scooter and just mingle with locals and explore the islands that's that's what I'm doing half the time and it ends up being an adventure and I end up meeting tons of incredible people the thing about Filipinos they're so chatty at least with me they are they're they're they're extremely approachable if this island were filled with rude unapproachable people I would have left by now it's I'm not staying here for the beauty of the country I'm staying here for the people it's awesome they they make the place really one more time before we go let me just show you give you a quick tour I don't know this looks like someone's property here but I'm outside defense so beautiful the water looks like Gatorade least another couple months in the Philippines and then I have the option again as I told you to extend for another six months beyond that and we'll see maybe maybe I'll meet the love of my life here and and never leave who knows but that's it thanks for watching guys let me know in the comment section if you have any specific questions that's it for today thanks for watching I'll see in the next one