 The raises awareness that this can't charge you from a well-shut mouth. I'm gonna be in the well. I'm gonna need a fact check. Yeah, do well, Shucks. For my understanding, I don't think there are people. I'm small. Yeah, so we're gonna open it mouth and then water. Yeah, come on, man. They ain't gonna do it. What's good, y'all? It's the Dumasheck, Sriak, and we're back with another video. Who we got today, Steve? Today we're back with another American reaction. Super excited about this video, guys. If you're new to us and we're new to you, make sure you scroll down, hit that subscribe button, and turn on the post notification bell, because we're on the road to 100K. And we can like it there without you guys, all right? Join the family without further ado. Let's go do it to the video. Here are the top six things to do in Cebu. And with our further ado, let's jump right into the video. If you haven't done so much, go like, share, subscribe, and ring that notification bell so that you can stay updated with the most amazing places that I get to visit on this earth. I'd love to have you join me along on this journey. Let's dive right into number one. And of course, that is swimming with the whale sharks at number one. What's happening? These whale sharks are all PC-very-very sensitive creatures to its surroundings. I always learn. I've learned that these whale sharks are very innocent. They don't eat people. They don't. You are free to literally beat next to them without being harmed. That's what I remember. I don't have the footage for you to show you when you come back up in the water. Yeah, I'll do it. I'll do it for a little bit. I want to see what they do first. So the induction that we received that was actually in multiple languages. So if you're Chinese or Korean, they have one in every single language. And of course, they have that in English too. I thought that was a very internationally-accommodating sort of induction if you like. And then after that, without further ado, we're jumping straight in there. The time that you spend with the whale shark is actually quite intimate because the whale sharks are very friendly. They swim right up to you. It is crazy. But what I didn't like about the experiences that they didn't give you any food for. So you actually can't spend as much time underwater as you normally get to it. It's really designed for beginners to enjoy just like the proximity to the whale shark. Before a slightly more advanced sort of swimmer in a diver that I am, I would probably appreciate it a little bit more time underwater. I didn't know why, but maybe the water's a bit saltier. I would have loved to swim more time underwater and get those dope ass shots. But I don't think we did too bad this time around. And when you actually have the people, the guys that are on the boat that are there for you, they take the best photos for you. They won't really have to do it. They're multilingual as well. So if they know your Korean, they're like, Pasha, but let's do that again. Like it all in Korean. So it's really nice that most of you watch this video Korean. But anyway, they're really keen on getting in that best shot. They'll give you multiple times to go underwater. There's actually no real time limit for this. You can stay there as long as you like, because you're going to be absolutely smashed. And it's such a surreal experience because these whale sharks come right up to you. It's scary. Friendly, it's really daunting at the same time. It won't be your fault if you accidentally kick the whale sharks here and there because you want to keep a distance, but they just come up to you. It is mental. And as you can see, it's not just one whale shark that you get to see. There's literally a dozen of them every. There's like 20 seconds. So it's quite crazy. You feel scared, but after all, you get comfortable when you get to enjoy, I guess the presence around you as well. Yes, it is a really interesting place because they actually feed these whale sharks, which you know, some people stand on the other side of the fence for that kind of stuff as well. But I think it's still good because it raises awareness that this kind of shark is from the whale shark mouth. I just don't want to be in the whale. How many of the fact check? I think. Yeah, do whale sharks. From my understanding, I don't think there are people. I'm small. Yeah, so when they open their mouth and they water, yeah, come on man. But the thing is, when he started to explain more of the experience, I was like, I'm in. We can't get friendly. That's good. But it's just open water. And is there aage bracket with that? I would like to know that. We would like to know that, you know, sir. Wildlife does exist and makes people that are able to go and visit it to want to protect nature and things like that. So I thought overall it was a great experience and I really appreciate the way they do it. Of course, there are other areas in the world where you can find whale sharks without having to feed them. But one thing is guaranteed is that if you actually go there, you will be able to see whale sharks. They are literally everywhere. And it is such a privilege to see them and I absolutely enjoy my time there. And also make sure you go and have some grub around the corner. Your tourists will take you to a good place to have some food. It's just such a good food and you can order anything you like there. And it's really well priced and it's very delicious and people are so friendly. The lunch at Oslo is something that I still remember to say. It was very, very, very, very delicious. And number two, we are heading out to Snorkel in Suriname Island, which nearby we're going to watch your whale shark. It is one of the most beautiful islands. The water is shallow and over there it's teaming with a cork like we got to see so many different fish there. Nemo is literally everywhere. And the water isn't that deep either and the water was actually pretty cool if I don't remember. It is a very short boat ride from the main island over. There's little caves in there which you can take photos but I'm telling you, jump in the water because you're going to see our whole new world in there. It's going to be so much fun and this is what Philippines is all about. It's seen all that aquatic wildlife. You'll see blue devils and you'll see clown fish. You're going to love seeing all the wildlife there. Again, I would have loved to have had some fins because that would give me a lot more mobility and talk about it a little bit more. But for beginners just look at it from the top it's very easy to do so. It's not so dark because it's shallow. There's a lot of sunlight hitting the water so you should be able to see some really bright and awesome colors. Oh and that bathfish. I love bathfish. Try find bathfish when you're on holiday in Philippines. They're really cool. They're really beautiful. And we are heading to Timalog Falls and there is all the way to the right. From the top of the mountain all the way down. And by the time you get there you are greeted by some crazy ass views to get me. And there is actually quite windy. There's a lot of wind blowing up from this massive fall that's actually pushing the air duct and it is cold. That's when you'll find just tourists going in the water because Filipinos they find it too cold to jump into water. But that's when we took our vanager off that satellite. It's a vacancy so we jumped right in and it was so refreshing. Make sure you take your time in Timalog Falls to take as many photos and as many videos as possible and enjoy the cool while you can because everywhere you go in Philippines it's actually quite warm. It's a very very refreshing time to enjoy there as well. It looks like a place out of this world. Literally there is so many cool spots in the way. There are lots of guys down there. There's different rock pools along the way. The number one I'm not mistaken says at the end of the mountain right so they drive down and to see the waterfall from the top of my number second. See it looks hidden. It's really nice. It's a nice scenery. I just love when things just look unique in one of a kind. So I will be there. Look Bay. Put the camera like this. Yeah you can look at it. You can stand right in front of the waterfall too. So that's some dope shots with this. Actually I got a different there. Thanks for the photos. Oh and there's also this place where you put your feet in the water and these little fishes come up and bite into your feet. They eat away on all your calluses in your feet as well. It's such a really interesting here. I really recommend you do it. It's so lot of fun. And number four we're going to head down to Mawabaw for some scuba diving which is dog fun and let me tell you scuba diving is one of the most fun things you can ever know. You don't need a license for this one. It's just a discovery dive. And people that are super super nice. It's going to be racist by the time we get done with this trip. Cause all the scuba diving is this. I think it's going to be just. Yes, it's just white. From the night you can watch this video we love you. You are the best scuba diving instructor and we're an awesome Eric. I hope you're watching. You are absolutely fantastic. Make sure you go check out Mawabaw for the scuba diving. And from there what you're going to see is you're going to swim with them side deans baby and normally when you see the side deans you will actually see a lot of sea life which is amazing. It's teaming with life. It's very vibrant and the visibility was fantastic as well. And I just like blowing bubble rings man. That's just what I like to do. So if you have the chance to go to Mawabaw scuba diving is going to come out to swim. Coming up next is Kawasan Falls. You guys don't need me to explain how wonderful that experience is. You get a horse motorbike ride to the top I guess and then you go from there. You take a zip line instead of walking for 45 minutes. And it is so much fun. And that alone is a fantastic experience. And from there you're going to start coming down these folds which is just unreal. There's a vlog that I've done just on the Kawasan Falls experience because it was that much fun. Make sure you check out the link in the description. We'll go to my channel make sure like covering the notification bell so you can stay updated with all these videos. You're going to find how much fun I had in Kawasan Falls. How refreshing it was, how amazing it was, how cool it was and it was just the perfect thing that I needed during my trip in Philippines. It's exhilarating, it's dangerous, it's fun and it's safe, it's just everything. And there's a lot of giggles. I don't know why I go with you. You just say it the best trips I had in Philippines I'm like it's your vacation. Because these bars are just like vacation bars, it's 100%. You gotta be prepared to get in the water that's what it seems like. You can't go to the Philippines and not get in the water. Right. Just that. A lot and lots and lots of fun. And of course there are many jumps if jumping isn't you're seeing that's okay you can just climb down some of them as well so don't feel too afraid. But all of these jumps I found them to be quite safe and quite fun in general. But you're there once some models will just take the opportunity and just jump in the water. There's also a lot of swing jumps as well which I thought was pretty cool. There's a few of them there too so make sure you go and try those out. You will definitely have lots of giggles because some of them are going to have some pretty dumb jumps. During the middle of the track is some snacking there as well. You don't have to bring the money there. You just buy or pick up whatever you want to eat and they keep tabs on what you have eaten and you will be able to pay that at the end of the trip as well which is a pretty good system. There's literally a million spots to take photos and your tour guide is the man for the job. We had Roy when we were away and he was simply amazing so make sure you surrender your camera to your tour guide because they're going to be the ones that takes photos for you and they're very very kind and helpful when it comes to taking photos and videos so make sure you're going not to put all that. And that's about this you can visit the center of the last one but what are the chances you get a tour guide who is a perfect and it's when it comes to vlogging. What are the chances? That's dope. Close content. Yeah. Well, let's try and it is a magnificent building and there's a lot of people there just make sure that you abide by some of the local cultures and rules that they have. If you're not wearing any inside the covers your knees they will give you a piece of fabric that you can put around your waist and it's like you just pay like 20 pesos or something for that and that is enough to get you in there. Have a look around. There's a lot of interesting architecture, a lot of interesting statues and a lot of different stories in there. Regardless of your religions just go and check it out. That's just how Filipinos are and so that was definitely a very interesting time for mid-witness and it was quite a different experience to what I normally do on trips and so it was a pretty good little break for otherwise a very very long trip that I had. And there's a bonus on your way back to see we make sure you stop at Kakar because they have one of the best lectures. Kakar is actually the birthplace of what we know as a lecture and there you're going to have the freshest lecture on there and I kid you know they have the deepest and the most yummy flavor there. If it's spicy it was spicy. If it had flavor it had really deep flavors and while you're eating you can even see the fresh lachon getting cooled and coming out on a spit which I think is crazy. There's other foods that you can pick and choose from there as well and it is just such a wonderful break. You literally like in this busy marketplace and you're having lachon it's very authentic it's really hot but the food is amazing. One of the most authentic Filipinos experience that I was able to have and it was something that I could never ever ever forget so make sure you stop by Kakar and grab yourself some lachon before you come back to your hotel in Cebu guys. So overall when you're in Cebu I think the best thing to do is to grab yourself a driver who's going to get you around all of these places in one course. We were able to do this within just literally three days and it was super simple to just have a driver. We had us to take us around everywhere and they were like in a sedent. For three of us was traveling together that's totally enough to get yourself around. It is lots of lots of fun they accommodate you every single step of the way. We had Arte Shah who was really really awesome. She looked after us all throughout the trip. She was fantastic and of course that is the best way to spend time in Cebu except for going to Baha which we haven't done but we're doing that in the next trip so make sure you stay tuned, make sure you like, share, subscribe and ring the bell. Alright man. Go check out his channel. Seems like he has some really good content. Yeah 100%. I just think that of course if you go into any location I'm saying you have a fun, there's nothing like getting involved into the history of it. If everything that went down just understanding the culture, understanding the environment, the people and how time has created newer environments for people to enjoy. I think that's definitely seems like a place I'm going to have to get him shaped for. A lot of jumping and diving. Yeah it's a lot of water. Yeah so y'all know that's what we all about. We love the culture and the real places especially the food. Okay so we hope you guys enjoyed this video with us. Like this video, subscribe, turn on the post notification bell. We'll see you soon. Peace.