 So today I'm going to do a video on vaping and the e-liquid you can buy here and the electronic cigarettes. Somebody asked me so this video is not going to appeal to everybody. I didn't make any videos for a couple of days because the phone that I use is not working so I had to buy another phone. I've got a GoPro, I've never yet used it and I how to use it. I have to figure it out one day. So let's start off. I bought this here in the Philippines. It's like a slimline e-cigarette. You plug in the cable there. This cost 1,300 pesos. Prices might be different where you are and you fill it up. There's a little rubber thing that you lift up at the side. I don't know if you can see it and then you just pour the liquid in. So once again that cost me 1,300. Oxfay I think it's called but they're fairly common. I used to see them in the UK as well. Now when you buy them new you get up to, when you charge it fully you get up to three hours before you got to recharge it. I've had mine about eight or nine months now so it's a bit battered. You have a little display there where that X is that tells you if the battery is running down it goes blue and then if it's critical it goes red and if it's good it's green. It's not a bad vape when you look at the size and it's quite popular here. That's style. Now in terms of the E liquids or the E juice whatever you want to call them. In the province there are quite a few I'm surprised. Different vape stores. There's at least six or so that I've seen however they're not very good in terms of the choices they have and the strength of the vape juice. For example this one's called dark coffee. It's three MG which is a very mild nicotine. I would normally get nine or ten so they do three six nine twelve fifteen MG. All they had was the three. Didn't have anything stronger so I mixed it with a stronger one in the end. That's a nice flavour. Dark coffee. Then you go in a month later. Have you got the six or the twelve MG? Have you got the three MG like this one? Nope. It's kind of frustrating. This one is twelve MG so it's a fairly strong one and it's toffee flavour. When I originally this is my second one of these. When I originally went into this store I said have you got coffee he said yeah and he showed me this and I said well it's plainly saying toffee no no no he showed me it's coffee. I get home and it's toffee. This is a good one. I'll give you the prices after. Do you think you can menthol? I love menthol. I would just have menthol. Nothing is menthol here. They call it iced. So you think to yourself oh iced grape juice. It's going to be good. It doesn't taste very much a grape and it's not very mentholy or pepperminty. That's my only problem. This one's a very strong one. It's twenty five MG. So I mixed that with a low one like the dark coffee. Now in terms of the flavour of the e-liquids here I don't know if it's because I'm using that vape and it doesn't translate the flavour too well. I just don't know. But the flavours are not very good as far as I'm concerned here. They were far better in the UK. I used to buy a cheap one in the UK. It was an American brand. The Lape 88 which was good. Lemon, sherbet flavour, menthol flavour, peppermint. But here the flavours don't really taste much. A lot of them are too sweet and it's just a sweet flavour. So you have a dark coffee. It's not too bad, funnily enough. But that purple bomb, the twenty five MG, just tastes of nothing but sweetness. They're too sweet here, in my opinion. No one here is good as the UK brands or the American brands that I'm used to. But if you go online you can pick a few better ones and you can in the stores here. There are lots of different flavours. But they all tend to taste the same. They don't really taste of the flavour. They're purporting to taste of just a sweetness. Just a bland sweetness. So this dark coffee, very big. That was 300 pesos. This toffee which is stronger and bigger, larger. That I think was 350, perhaps 400 pesos. But I think it was 350 if my memory says me well. The purple bomb, it's a salt nicotine one, iced. That again was about 300 pesos. It's quite smaller, slimmer bottle, but it's stronger. So the E-liquids here, roughly in the region of three to four hundred, unless you get a really big one, that it might be five hundred pesos. Now, the thing about the vape is you've got to replace the coil or the top. So the top removes out. And these you can buy a singles or three in a packet. I prefer three in a packet of these and that comes to five hundred pesos for three. And it's quite simple. You just put it on, the slides in. It doesn't fall out. There is an adjustable strength here for the heats. I always have it on the lowest, but you have it at a low, medium and high. It just makes it stronger. There's a new model that's come out, which is a bit more expensive, but I've reviewed it. It has nothing additional to it, apart from its digital in terms of the display. There's nothing new in terms of the flavour or the strength, so I wouldn't bother with that. So like I say, it's maybe a boring video for many people today, but somebody wanted me to do a vaping video. So I'm in a province and there are plenty. I'm just, the new mall has one vapestore, tiny vapestore one, two, three, four, five, six. There's about eight, nine, ten and that's in the province. Some have a very small selection, others have a wider selection of vapes in terms of e-cigarettes, I mean, they do the traditional e-cigarette models and these. And they have lots of different flavour e-juice, but as I've said, all the ones I've had taste the same, very low on the taste they're supposed to be, but too sweet, just this sweet kind of flavour. I'm even thinking of going online and trying to get hold of the vapate-eight I used to have. But better still, if I give up completely. The problem with vaping. Well let's talk about the good things about vaping. Supposedly it's healthier than smoking cigarettes. Who knows, in 20 years time after they've done all the tests, perhaps it turns out to be as bad or worse. So there's that. Also you tend to get quite a lot of flim vaping, but you don't cough as much as you would with cigarettes and you don't smell of smoke. So that's the good parts. That's all.