 Good morning world from general lunar. We are standing on the road where tag grocery is. This is one of the very first lockdown vlogs that we published. We came to this shop right here. If this is the first video of our Juviracine, welcome. We are a British family. That first came to the Philippines back in 2015 to visit Sasha's dad and mother-in-law who live actually in the Philippines now permanently. That was our first time coming to the country and experiencing what it's like to be here through the eyes of Sasha's dad because he was the first person to come here and introduce us to this place. Then the second time we came here was just before the pandemic we wanted to visit Shagal Islands because it was somewhere. That again, Sasha's dad said he'd always wanted to go to. So we came here on a whim. Didn't know anything about the place. I got stuck here during the COVID pandemic and we've been here ever since. We decided that we wanted to make a life here and we've experienced quite a bit as time has gone on. But it is a wonderful place to live here in the Philippines especially here on Shagal Island. We really love it and that is why we have decided to base a good portion of our life here on this island. I remember specifically we were looking for toilet roll. Remember that? Here because the lockdown troubles in the UK wasn't there. It was a massive toilet roll. I was sure to do it. Toilet roll, sure. The first thing to get sold out in supermarkets during the pandemic was toilet roll. So we came here to see if they had toilet roll and they had loads of course because here in the Philippines I don't think they really care about toilet rolls. We've got sprinklers. I remember sending my sister a picture holding toilet roll in the shop going, haha, we'll be fine. Yeah because toilet roll was like a currency in the UK at one point wasn't it? Something worth noting. Look at the road. They finally paved it. In our whole time here on Shagal Island this was a super dirt road. We actually used to hate coming down here even if we were on a motorbike because there was just like nowhere to park. You were always in massive puddles and even though we always used to go to this grocery store there was often nowhere to park. So I'm really glad they managed to get this done. A lot of the back roads of General Luna, these side streets here have been invested in which is impressive considering we've just come out of a three year lockdown. What we found? More igano. Smell it. Mmm, I can actually smell it. It smells like a pizza. It smells really good. It smells like an old alloy pizza. It does, doesn't it? We're going to go get some lunch at a new restaurant today. Who is it owned by a ram or? I think so. Food lab. Food lab. Food lab. So one of the guys that has been here with us on the island the whole time, Ram Vegan Chef. You also made your bike ticket? Yes, he's made many of our birthday cakes. He's finally gone into partnership with someone and opened a little restaurant so we're going to try it out. I'm not sure if it's fully vegan. I think it might be vegetarian. Let's have a look. See what the science says. Ah yeah, vegetarian and plant based anglutin free. So let's give out. Try to the food lab. It's a cheap little place. If you come to the island and you're looking for it, just down this way is the main tourism road. Here is the inter where we do all of our shopping, like our Christmas shopping and stuff. And then if you come down this way, that leads to the secret fee. I'm right in the middle of all that is the food lab. So let's see what they've got in the menu. Smells like vegan, the meat's food, isn't it? The meat's amazing. It's kind of like a Vietnamese menu, isn't it? Cool. I want to share something like that. It's like a chocolate. Should we go on a hot oil? Should we go on a hot oil on each table? Yeah. Wow. If you ever come to this island and you see these culture club brand, this is Brands brand. He specialises in fermented foods. Brands not here today but it's nice to see that he's actually managed to achieve his dream, get something up and running. We've just ordered a Vietnamese black coffee, which comes dripping like this, one of these special units. I remember the first time we've tried a Vietnamese coffee was actually in Thailand because we haven't been to Vietnam yet. Vietnam is a place that we haven't yet made it to, isn't it? We have it. So now a list of places to go? Yeah, I think I hope we're there in the next couple of years, I think. You can get to Vietnam quite cheaply from the Philippines if you can give yourself to Minina or a Seaboo. So we are thinking about it. I think it's made in Minina but it goes from... Oh, is it? The story would like it. Yes. The story likes all travel. She likes all travel, doesn't she? Wait until it's getting nice. It would probably be like China or Japan. China or Japan, yeah? Or India, I don't know. Yeah, lots of places to try. My coffee is almost ready. I think it's almost all dripped through now. The last time I've drunk avian, it means coffee was in Thailand, but... Traditionally, you have condensed milk at the bottom, so the coffee drips into sweet condensed milk. You can actually get a vegan condensed milk now, which we saw when we went to Val, didn't we? Maybe an oatmeal, isn't it? It's hard to find. Yeah, that would be nice. I have seen it on the sardine. Yeah. You could order some in. It would be online. Yeah. That's a look up there. Yeah, all my water's dripped through now, so it's ready to drink. So... Oh, no, no, it's no hot and tastes hot. It's too hot for you. Not bad. Yeah? Not too hot, but it's a bit really small. It tastes a bit like a tungsty chocolate. The food has started to arrive one by one, and you can also have what you've got there. I am going to be eating a bun meat. Is this your first bun meat ever? Yes, actually. And these are some cut up spring rolls. And the means are still salad. Salam, alright. Hello, hello, nice. That's my one. And another salad with some options in it. No, it's dumplings. It's a bit far. Get you out of your blanket. It's time to wake up now. Let's see what it looks like. Time to wake up. How's that look? It looks. It's... So, I just want to try it. Yeah. Yeah, me too. We ordered all of the vegan options on the menu. It's what the father of dumplings looks like. You get these condiments with it. Very fresh. Look at that. Lovely greens. And Sasha has an amazing looking bowl over here. A salad bowl with some tofu. I think that is a lemon rice tofu. Let me see. What was the other option? You can have it with spring rolls or dumplings. Okay. Everything looks super fresh. Crunchy. I have bought myself a coconut ice cream. A vegan coconut ice cream. It's actually really well served. It's in a plate on a plate. And it's got like a leaf plate on top of a plate. And it's got coconut grains on top of it. It's made out of full, full, full coconut. That's so I feel quite good. Coconut milk. What? Coconut milk. Just coconut, yes. Amazing. We've finished the food lab now. Toad to bill was 1,245 pesos. Doing some more shopping. A Christmas tree in the window here at minus plays. Christmas shopping is becoming a little bit tricky because we're all shopping together. So I'm going to wait outside for a minute so I don't see what's being bought. Shopping a burner is done. This is just food stuff for the lead up to Christmas. But it's so easy to spend a lot of money in a place like that. Because a lot of the things you buy are like luxurious imported goods. But it's not something we get all the time. It's like a treat before Christmas or for Christmas day. So that's why it's okay to spend a little bit leading up to the state. Okay, Sasha has just gone to the dog store and there is a new coffee shop here. Seaboo's first 39 pesos coffee. So you want to save some money and get cheap coffee there. Bag of dog food. Do you have any supplements in the pharmacy? No. Oh. Oh. Evening is upon us back at home. We're on the late Poppy walk. It is a bit breezy. I think it is safe to say that the typhoon has completely disappeared. It has been dissolved by the land. And now we are back to regular weather. I actually love this type of weather. You can feel that nice breeze, that constant breeze, and it cools everything down. Looked out that fear of storm coming. You write that message for me. I love you in the sand, eh? I wrote it for me. I recently put my stick. Oops. How was that Poppy? You look exhausted. Nice run. Whoa. Good run. Let's head back. I think the calendar time. Yeah, Poppy's already down here. You probably don't see her, but let's see. What day is it? I think it is 19, I think. I can see it has already done 18, so 19. Oh there. 19, there's a pink snow shade. First you open. I got Wild Strawberry. Woo! My favourite. It's very good. Poppy, it's your turn. It's your turn, Poppy. Let's see what comes out. It's gonna be hidden somewhere. Because they hide the numbers really well. Oh there. It's on the pug space. You don't need to guess. Because it's chicken, chicken turkey, and another chicken. So I think you just don't need to guess. Because it's always in between the two. So Poppy, it's ready for you. I'm gonna put it in the middle of here. Okay, let's see. 6, 4, down. Boom. Okay. She's done her advent calendar. And I've decided I'm gonna save these all for Christmas. I'm gonna collect them all and put them in a bowl for Christmas. Even though I do actually get like a big pack of these on Christmas Day. Anyway, that's the advent calendar time. Done. Bye. There's someone here that would like to do the shout out for today. You're not right. Come in. You're right. It's been a while since I've done a shout out. So today's shout out goes to... ...Turler, Daisy. Who do you think should turn up for becoming a member of our channel? If you want to become a member yourself, keep that join button. You probably think he was the point of becoming a member. Well, you can see extra videos though, exclusive for the members, aren't he? Take them up on the weekend. Upgoed on the weekend vlogs. And if you don't want that, you can even use my poppy badges. Which when you write comments, you can put my face up there. It's nice. Anyway, hit that join button. It sounds like it is. That was very nice to be potty. Thank you very much. And we will see you in the next video. Bye.