 Hello guys, welcome to another juicy react. Hope you all do well. Come join us put a jump on I may maybe you are maybe cold Who starts a YouTube video and tells the people watching to put a jump on? No, tells the viewers what to wear. Where will you walk? You will every one. If you want to take your jump off, feel free. Oh, oh, oh, family friendly channel. I'm not gonna tell you what to do. We got the fire on. It's Christmas time, roughly. Today we got a brand new reaction so thanks to everyone who has got back involved with this channel We have had Sony messages come in. Every time we look through our Instagram requests There's more videos to react to so we are just gonna be carrying on filming these days. There is anything you want to send us. There are three send us a message over on Instagram. They'll be on the screen right now and if you're new around here don't forget to hit subscribe button And give the video a thumbs up if you enjoy it today. I feel like a radio presenter and I think I've been raked on the radio. What do you think? Lied radio or pre-record? Lied, yeah. I'm ready to go. I think it was just some live reactions one day. I could be live right now. I don't need anything to. Yeah, like when you know you can't edit. Like when the pressure is there like diamonds are made from pressure or whatever the phrase is. Well, the diamonds, you're a bit of a diamond diamond. So today we're reacting to Filipinos who made Pinoy's proud. And I think we've done some similar videos to this in the channel before where it's about like maybe Filipinos celebrities that you didn't know Filipino and stuff like that. I always enjoy this kind of thing because often you think, oh that's really cool. Things that you learn things you maybe didn't know about that. Yes, so I like this kind of video. And you know what I also like these kinds of videos particularly is because it's just about humans usually doing cool stuff, doing nice things like the pride, making people proud. It generally means I don't need to go to the high-freedio pride, making people proud. Pride proud. More pride, more proud. What else? Okay, but you need editing. No, I don't need editing. No, that's what I mean. It's like it's just a nice video to watch. Like yeah. But let's find out if it is a nice video to watch. Are you ready? Three, two, one. What is it about Filipino talents that make them stand out? Here's the thing, Philippines in particular. We've seen it with Korea with K-pop and I guarantee you in the next five years there's going to be some superstars come from Asia and that's what's going to happen. True. Thank you. That's true. It means a lot. Koreans already know that. That was quite fake. Very. And it was the Koreans in Asia. He's like since the most fake thing and then when. Yeah. Knowing yourself, I grew up watching different amateur beauty pageants, sports, singing, and dancing competitions. Let me tell you that those battles, they can get pretty intense. Wow. And because of that, competitors push themselves really hard. Sometimes hard enough that they reach not just a national level of talent, but also stand out as one of the best in the world. There's a lot of talent out there. It's been 19th of those criteria. I can easily say that all of them are talented, but you can't deny that some of them have got given talents like Stale's vocals. Ah. I'm Michael Jackson. And Kans unique low voice. Wow, we paused the video. Of course the video. Yes, we've been reading the comments. I know. Sorry everyone. We're going to work on that. I feel like if you took, say the population of England and picked out as a percentage, like who can sing who can't sing, like as a ratio, I feel like per group of, I think there's so many more people in the Philippines, are really good singers. Per a hundred people. Like a lot of them can sing in the UK, but not zero point five. I've heard some pretty dodgy karaoke in the Philippines later, night trying to get to sleep in the province. How many people can actually sing with you? Right, there's a lot of people in the UK. I don't know, maybe people here are just more shy, so we're never going to learn that they're good singers. So they're less likely to sing in public, less likely to just start singing in a mall or something, but you definitely hear a lot of better singers there. I think it comes more naturally to the Philippines. Yeah, why is that? I don't know why. Do they sing more as kids? Like is it in their genes? I feel like I have softer, nicer voices as well. Like you get some English bloke in the pub trying to sing, it's just not good as it. Most of the time. Anyway, all right. But they also have extremely skilled members in Justin, Josh and Pablo who equally contributes through the creative side of things, exceptional dancing, and inventive songwriting. Skills that they didn't acquire on the get-go, but through rigorous years of training, they practice dance routines one thousand times before they even perform them in public. And in their humble beginnings, they didn't even have a voice. That is a creamy down-to-the-not-coccal. Since no one knew them back then. They even got criticized in their own home country. But that didn't stop them from becoming the now-philippine cultural ambassadors. They started making waves by becoming the first Pinoy party that broke a record in the Billboard charts. They record breaking seventh week at number one. The Filipino groups sing this song. Seven weeks, number one. They were also the first Filipino artists to have performed on a major US TV network and proceeded to have a nationwide concert tour in that country. At this point, the fact that SB19 has already established their place in the Pinoa music industry by not just expanding its reach, but also boosting Filipino tourism. It's quite evident by looking at these amazing people that came from different parts of the world and decided to visit the Philippines because of them. Now that! It's amazing how much influence celebrities have, musicians, actors, and even entertainment industry in general. Like, a movie's made in New York, everyone's going to New York because of that. I know, that's one of the things that makes a part from the food. That's one of my biggest draws to visit America we've never been. Yeah. Because of how many movies you watch that. Or people get into K-pop. Everyone suddenly wants to go to Korea to experience themselves. Why do people come to UK? We're all family. Queen. We're family. True. The palace, you know. True. The old London buses. People travel to the culture. People are not just the place. But because they've seen it in movies and TV as well. And celebrities, huge rock films. You know, yeah. Something to be proud of. Another Filipino or rather Filipino that we need to be proud of is SB19's friend herself. AC Bonifacio. Together with her brother Lucky. She's a bit old. That's actually really good. Amazing. The age there as well. Yeah. Very cool. Oh. People were blown away. I'm proud of how good that was. 100% Straight off them. He thought we'd get to that. I have to. Ariana Grande. Cool. Cool. I'm happy to. Would you guys join me for Let Me Heart? Yeah. And then you guys can just do it. Oh. How cool for that. I've seen Ariana Grande recently. It was very different. Yeah. They've come to the movies. I'm highly rooted in a popular dance movie franchise called Step Up. Yeah. In 20. So. So. And the Philippines and the yearly YouTube fanfares together with SB19 also have done multiple collaborations with them. What I really like about these types of performers are their songs, visuals and dance breaks. But did you know that another Pinoyale? He's that great enough. He's been using dance breaks in the last few days. On stage, haven't you? Some people are effortlessly cool. And they're just cool. You, other people try and be cool, like me. Fail miserably. Some people just don't need to try. Ah, guys. Cool. Ah. Cool. That would be a big thing to claim. On your CV, yeah. That's at the top. 100% just underneath your name. Yeah. brackets. Cool, isn't it? It's so unreal thinking that they actually practiced together and even had some cool interactions. Mark was actually the start of the end, couldn't he? That's right for the end, couldn't he? No way. Good impression. Yeah. Experience inspired Billy to pursue a career in show business. He's kind of like a Filipino Peter Andre. Or Garret Gates. I was thinking that's like a TV era. Yeah, yeah, in that kind of thing. And even the film is by Mark Redax, he can hear it. And how could you not be after that as well? Cool. And did you know that Billy actually sent me in the morning? Yeah, I recognize that. No way. That's so cool. That's awesome. That's even cooler than Darth Hibba. Yeah, yeah, yeah, potentially. I know. All right, not too long with Pogba Vintune, comprehensive issues on the show. Happy Garret Gates. Yeah. True. He sounds like Peter Andre, it's me. Peter Andre also very influenced by Mark Jackson. Yeah. That's catchy. Classic, at least 2000s. I know, I do love it. I like it so well. Mind you if you're childhood. I keep childhood. No, the art childhood. Those kinds of songs that were on the radio just around at the time. His music broke into the charts all over Europe, and even reached number one in the Netherlands. The name of the record became big. He was like the Justin Timberland. I heard of him. Yeah, just look at this crowd. Yeah. Crazy when you can pull crowds like that. Yeah. Just not. Bonjour, tout le monde, j'ai ma belle vieille croix fort. And most recently, he just became the champion of the latest season of Dance With The Stars in France. Cool. Still out there doing it. Yeah. That must be like, strictly come dance in the UK. It's a similar show. Tricks. Wow, growing up in it. Leia Salonga. Just like Billy, Leia started working at the very young age and at 10 years old, she was already able to release her first album. Awesome. Very cool video. That was a cool video. I very much enjoyed watching that. Yes. So did I. So I thought you were going to say more then. Is that he? Is that your reaction? Normally you'd like you. Join it. Yeah. Well, I do. I do. Sorry. And then you just left me hanging. Apologies. No, it was very, very cool. I mean, yeah, like how cool to put your country on the world stage. It must be cool to feel like you're representing a country. Yeah. That's what those people have done. Yeah. And they bought millions or however many people to them as an artist, but also the country in the background. And what awareness of it and like, yeah, put it on that. Not a big one. Very cool. Not a big one. And I just love watching talented people. It's like human talented. Cool. Like, think about it. Cavemen, how we started, I'm not going to get too deep on this. However, we're really just creatures who are supposed to survive on a planet and refuse. Yeah. What happened to us? He traced up. And now we're like, we can do a bit more than that. We can do better than that. I can see it and I can do it. I can make noises with my voice that other people will enjoy, but it sounds nice to those people's ears. I can move my body around and people will find that cool. It's just like, you don't see like, monkeys doing shows. But you're doing something. Maybe this will be something. Maybe this will be something. Yeah, that's another debate. Anyway, thank you so much for watching this video. If you enjoyed it, please don't forget to give it a big thumbs up and subscribe if you're new. Yes. We will see you very soon. In the next GCRE Act. Get us on Instagram, send us some more stuff. We'll enjoy and film this channel. We're at these videos. We're back on this channel. We're very excited to be back. All right. See you. We get to do this as tiny as all. Oh, sorry. We'll see you in the next one.