 Hello, good morning, good evening and welcome to Big World Cinema. Without further ado, we'll continue with what you're here for. And to ensure this channel survives, please don't skip the ads. Thank you all. On the face of the global city, also known as BGC Global City or the Fort, is our financial business district in Tagig Metro Manila. Now it's not in Maccati as I keep being told, it's officially under jurisdiction of Tagig City. Both cities have been fighting over its rightful ownership for the past 30 years. And it was only resolved recently by the Supreme Court in 2022, on the 3rd of April. My birthday, yay! With Tagig City, finally triumphant over their affluent neighbours. Oh, the joy, the joy! Not for me though, I stopped celebrating birth this when I reached 46. My Tinder age, funnily enough. According to the internet, BGC, I keep saying BGCE for some straight-in-treason after PGCE. Obviously in educational certificate, I decided not to go for, which my brain keeps telling me, well, maybe you should have gone down that path, laddy. Anyway, BGCE prized itself in being a city with a soul, rich with lush parks, open spaces, an active street life, and public art, such as landmark murals and sculptures. It's a 15-minute community where everything that you need is conveniently within reach. The history of BGCE is quite interesting. It used to be an army camp called for William McKinley, after the 25th American president called coincidentally William McKinley. But I've got time to get into a history lesson. I've got some sights saying to do. I just met Mark on the street. He's very friendly guy. How have you been? I'm just encouraging him to get lines as 50% off membership. So he can get free haircuts for the next year. Not that he needs a free haircut because he works for Chase. Chase the bank and how long have you been working there? Six months? You've been to career. Oh, you switched careers? You're now a banker. Yeah, that's a typical banker. So how long were you at teacher 4? I taught for 5 years at university. What were you teaching? English. English. Okay, and what made you decide to change careers? I actually switched careers back in 2015 because I wanted to explore the world, travel the world. Did you travel business? Okay, so where did you travel to? Asia, local, Philippines, Roman or Philippines, spring and tourist, local, international. Qualifications do you need to become a banker? We should have an experience and the appeal for like six months or one year. Before you came to Chase, which banks were you working? Capital one. Also, team mobile. What do you enjoy about your job? Tomato. Okay. We're going to Chase as a very unique system. Okay. All of the videos are important to me and that's for sure. What are your hours? Our... from 10 a.m. to 7 a.m. Okay, and so are you dealing with people in... US? US. Okay. Hang on, it's 10 a.m. now. Are you finished at 7 a.m.? Yeah, 7 a.m. So what? Okay, you went to the gym. Yeah. Yeah. So what will you do for the rest of your days? And then when do you normally sleep? What's your sleeping pattern? In pattern 10 a.m. Yeah. 2. 9 p.m. You sleep? 11 hours. That is after going to the gym. That's a very lazy day, isn't it? The good thing is that I'm a danger now. Well, it is a dream job. You've done well. You've landed on your feet so well. I had to use Google to get the correct pronunciation of Bonifacio. So I chose British pronunciation. Play it fast and it sounds like an upper class bird from Chelsea. Bonifacio. And play it slow and it sounds like Sharon from Essex, my man. Bonifacio. And then it's totally different when you've got the American pronunciation. Let's play this one fast. Bonifacio. And the slow version. Bonifacio. So no wonder people say just say BGC. Anyway, walking around BGC, I was reminded of IT Park in Sabo. In fact, it's just IT Park, but on a much grand scale. On Sundays, one of the main roads is pedestrianized, which reminded me of Akihabra in Tokyo. When all the cosplayers came out to pose on the streets without fear of getting run down. In BGC, everyone was keen to pose on this particular street. I don't know why. Perhaps it was something to do with a 3D screen. But people are keen to pose everywhere on any street corner nowadays. Anyway, funny how the craze for taking hundreds of selfies of yourself has evolved over recent years. When I was a kid, my old fellow would dust off his ag for optimal to take on holiday or take out for special occasions such as my first holy communion. Fortunately, not my circumcision. I love to smell of that camera. I can still smell it if I put my mind to it. Oh, retro. Those were the days. Anyway, my old fellow would load his trusty ag for with transparency film. Take a few images, then pack the camera away under the stairs. With the film remaining in the camera for a couple of years until 36 exposures were taken. Then it sent it off in a prepaid envelope to Kodak to develop. A week later, a box of transparencies would drop through the letterbox. And the old man would get out the slide projector, turn off the lights and project my puny frame on the screen. It probably bought for tuttons. He was a terrible photographer, my old man. Everything was out of focus. Even after he procured an autofocus camera. Anyway, I became a photographer. That was showing. So nowadays, people take 200 selfies a minute and clog up the internet with their posturing. All this self adoration is harmful to these young folk, you know. There should be a public warning sign on every street corner. Take in selfies, can seriously damage your health. Before the invention of smartphones, people who weren't blessed with good looks used to know their place. I used the person taking the photo off. Nowadays, even two-toned Tess from Teddington thinks she's got a gift to selfies. We're heading for a fall, I tell you. So if you're thinking of a career change, our reckon being a shrink would be a smart move. Your surgery will be packed in a few years time with patients who self-id themselves to death. Anyway, where was I? Oh yes, body face show global city. I'm going to take a look at the camera. Recycling a Philippines toilet. One that has toilet roll. Just a quick reminder to please click the thumbs up button if you like the video or thumbs down button if you didn't. Obviously. Thank you. Here at BWC, Uncle doesn't charge a subscription fee like Auntie does, but buying us a coffee would be much appreciated. Thank you. Like us if you did me asked you compensation for the whole life. First it came back you need your prend錯 so we made our first loss for you. Thank you both. If you liked the video please could you like, share and subscribe and don't forget to ding the notification bell to see my videos before your friends see you in the next video take care everyone