 Free living rooms. But I really like trying Kunehtas. House was very, very beautiful. What's up, Philippines! Welcome to a brand new reaction video, guys. I'm Mike. Namely. And we're to travel food and lifestyle vlog is best in the beautiful city of Makati. Nelly, what are we reacting to today? So today I chose a video about the most expensive houses of young Filipinos celebrities. Wow. But before we jump into this video, guys, if you don't know us, our main channel making it happen vlog is linked right here. We have some travel vibes, a lot of Filipino food videos. And just our daily lives here during ECQ currently. So if you haven't subscribed over there, definitely hit that subscribe button right now. Also, we have a Viber group in the description box down below for our making it happen. Fam, so let me check that out. We ask you guys questions, we do polls, we bring out a few products, which will be very interesting to check out with that link. Also, in the description box, you will find a link where you can submit videos that you would like us to react to. So that was about for Nelly. OK, I think it's time to start. It's time. The Philippine abounds with one of the richest female celebrities in the world. They enjoy their immense fame and spend their improbable wealth on various luxurious things, such as fast cars, $1.5 million jewelry, insanely huge mansions, and so much more. These women are truly eminent and have their immense power, which gives them the full right to take part in many Philippine areas. But let's stick to their properties and belongings. Welcome to Top 10 World. We've noticed that there are many female Philippine celebrities who have great taste in choosing a luxurious mansion. Let's have a look at these gorgeous beauties. Number 10, Max Collins. Max Collins Magno is one of the most famous female actresses from the Philippines and a model too. She owns one of the biggest and most luxurious houses ever. Her house style is so unique, and she also has a great decorating style too. This house is perfection. Number 9, Vicki Balo. I think we have a tricker. Vicki Balo, the owner of one of the largest and luxurious houses in the Philippines. Yes. The huge windows give the space a natural lighting. This house has three huge living rooms too. With each unique furniture and living rooms. This mansion is real and real art. Number 8, Gretchen Bereto. Just look at the beautiful home of Gretchen Bereto, located in one of the most exclusive villages in Macati City. Gretchen showed her dining table decoration with fine glassware and elegant flowers on social media. And we must say that it looks gorgeous. This house is perfect with all those unique elements around it. This mansion is pretty huge and costs a fortune. Number 7, Colleen Garcia. This famous and gorgeous actress got married at the age of 25 with her boyfriend, Billy Crawford. They bought such a fancy house recently, and she said, if you look at our house, it's like a blank canvas. Somebody even called it a movie home, because it's very white. It's just very white and with a little bit of wood and accents. This place is very aesthetic and a perfect choice for them both. Number 6, Jenny Lynn Mercado. Jenny Lynn and Pineda Mercado is a filipina famous actress, an incredible singer and songwriter too. She owns one of the most luxurious houses in the Philippines. Ooh, the house is huge and full of space. In other words, excellent for enjoying perfect comfort. With a lot of fun. Jenny Lynn worked with a lot of interior designers to transform and decorate it into a modern haven filled with unique pieces that give the house a perfect comfort and elegant look. Number 5, Colleen Luna. Marie Pauline Yamentes Luna Soto is a filipina famous actress and influential television personality. Very few of you. She's built her dream home with the help of expert architects and home designers. This house is a real palace. It took them a whole year to build this perfect house. This home is quite simple and exactly that makes this house such a unique piece. Its style is a mixture of modern, Asian and tropical styles. Number 4, Sharon Kuneita. This gorgeous woman Sharon is a famous filipina actress, singer, television host and commercial endorser too. She spent a fortune on her luxurious and stylish house, which is located away from the eyes of the crowd. Her enormous house has an outdoor space that's ideal for her chilled out weekends. This house is enormous and also perfect according to its unique style. Very beautiful. Number 3, Bia Alonzo. It's a well-known filipina actress, marvelous model and former singer. Her house is a real piece of art. She wanted her house to have hotel characteristics and the co-siness of Asian resorts. Furthermore, Bia wanted to exchange the traditional and the old with a modern and sophisticated. She did a great job. Number 2, Kim Choo. This actress really knows how to spend her millions. Kim is a famous actress and television host too. One of the richest girls in the Philippines. Her mansion is built on a 600 square meter corner lot in a Queen's on-city section. This luxurious mansion was designed by the famous interior designer, Janet DeKiato Torio. It has three stories, four bedrooms and is a mixture of Victorian, Neoclassical and modern styles. This house is incredible. Number 1, Sarah Geronimo. With her net worth of more than $75 million, it is no surprise that she has chosen this type of a mansion. Sarah Geronimo is one gorgeous Philippine famous singer and actress who started her career since her childhood. Now she is such a successful woman. Her house costs a fortune. It is decorated with style and has many rooms in space. She is known to have one of the most luxurious homes in the Philippines. How much do you like this video? Feel free to comment in our comment section below and please tell us which house from our list did you like the most. Okay. Interesting. I think that the footage was a little misleading because the things that was gentleman said and the furniture that he showed did not exactly match. I was a little bit mixed. But I really like trying Quenetas. House was very very beautiful and this last one. The last one, yeah. Miss Geronimo. But I have to say if I would build a house in the Philippines, I would decorate it a little bit differently. I really like the sky photos. Yes, I think people would really like the sky photos. And I was a Bohemian vibe. So earthy colors and not too modern and a little bit more warm. Yeah. And not too hotel-like. Just a little bit hotel-like. But I have to mention all of the houses had character which is 100%. You know, everybody's taste is very different and yeah, it's just something that everybody has on its own. Oh, I'm sorry. All right, guys. If you enjoyed this video, give it a thumbs up. If you liked it, hit the subscribe button and we will see you guys next time here on What's Up To The Philippines. Bye-bye. My signature bye-bye.