 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today we are reacting to the five best tourism videos from Luzon Vesayas and Mendenau Miss Universe, Philippines 2021. Which I have no idea with the Miss Phil. The best. How that how that goes. It ties into that. So that'll be cool to check out. This video was suggested to us by Juan De La Cruz. Thank you so much for the suggestion. We truly appreciate it. Guys, if you'd like to suggest a video and have your name shout it out, go ahead and click in the description down below. There's a link to our discord. And you can throw the links to the videos you want us to watch in there. Also, before we hop in, if you would go ahead and give us a thumbs up, it helps us get these videos out to more people. And if you would go ahead and click the subscribe button and the bell notification icon. And if you'd like to help support the channel, leave a more, you can click the join button down below. So let's see how Miss Universe ties into these. All right, let's do it. So I'm assuming Miss Universe 2021 is from the Philippines. Has it happened already? I guess. Let's look it up real quick. Miss. Yeah, start date was December 2021. So it hasn't happened. Oh. So I'm going to be in Israel. Wait, it will be held in 2021 in E-Lat, Israel. Also, the last winner was from Shawawa. It's the United States. Cool. Yeah. All right, let's hop in. Let's do it. The crowning of the queens. That's beautiful. That's beautiful. Leaving you with a longing to return after your visit. I am Chelle Grace Falkener. And I invite you to explore the amazing secrets of my life. And I'm going to be in the world. I'm going to be in the world. I'm going to be in the world. I'm going to explore the amazing secrets of my home, Misamis Oriental. Misamis Oriental. That's beautiful. It's cool. Imagine yourself in a state of utter fear as you indulge in the embracing comfort of nature's bliss. The promise of a refreshed soul is truly a certainty when you explore the waterfalls. And while you relish the majestic cascades, you'll find yourself. I'm assuming this is going to be five videos told by different Miss Universes. Probably. Just based off of this first one. The Solang Agmaswui welcomes you with the historical side, interestingly facing the highest peak in the province. If you are a nature lover, tuck away in a forest ecosystem that provides home for a huge variety of moral and honor. Experience a worthwhile escape at one of the country's cleanest coastlines. The Aco Morin Park where mangroves thrive and bamboo cottages are designed for relaxing. They look like boats. They look like boats. The sea breeze and hear the sound of the waves set your feet on the ever-crested stretch of the beach with the steam white sand glistening through the day like the sun sets and the gentle lights around the shore light up. She had a lot of outfit changes in this. Yeah. I would be exhausted. I would be like, I'm done. She's very beautiful. Oh yeah. This is a place where you get to capture our spectacular scene and breathtaking scenes. Our amazing secrets waiting for you to explore. This is Miss Orr. Explore Miss Orr. So I had been told in our comments that every single Miss Universe that's from the Philippines is mixed. They're not pure Filipino. Is that true? Because I mean I can't tell the difference. I don't know enough Filipinos. But she did definitely look very light-skinned. If I were going to call it out. That's odd though that every one of them I would think at least one would be pure. Yeah. Or only. Number four. Victoria. I'll ask you. How would I describe my home province? Hmm. The same way I describe love. It feels like home and an adventure at the same time. They all sound the same. Tada! Kabitatayo. It's kind of a cool video. It's a Zip I'm walking through a history book. Where the pages are brought to life and I feel the power of my people. That's a cool outfit. Yeah, they're the battles they fought. And the heritage structures they left behind. As a Kabitanya architect and heritage conservationist, there is no place I would rather be. Kabitanya culinary creations never failed to leave my mouth water. Tada! I'm so hungry now. I'm hungry. I haven't eaten in a long time. Kabitanya hard may leave me elsewhere. You've been eating like 10 minutes. I will always find my way back home. In honor of our glorious past, through the colorful and captivating nature of our prison, Kabitanya is time to write the page of the picture with you. It's out of luck. Kabitanya is time to write the page of the future with you. Through the colorful and captivating nature of our prison, Kabitanya is time to write the page of the future with you. If she's not saying that it's either prison or present, I will say on that one unfortunately I didn't show a whole lot of the actual city now itself it was more just her talking about this and then it showed some of the like but it was such a historical yeah they were such a short like piece of it though maybe that's like their big thing in that city is their historic like if you compare Dallas to San Antonio San Antonio's historic here it's more like go check out the legs go check out this go to the JFK thing that it's mostly like it like not historic right so you're just in time for the cadet on festival I don't like the frame rate on this no no I'm so good sonu su no no about the city of evils and flowers a Thanksgiving celebration mmm do you really end and the treasure troves of our heritage a place of peace and harmony where unity meets diversity that's so pretty I want to go zip lining a haven for breath to look you know legal life encounters without world class varieties of Laura and Fano truly it's a place would never ending fun do you hear my stomach growing yes I do actually I've been hungry for upwards we'll go get something out drive I think I'm gonna order something okay some uh peanut curry probably come and discover this city with me and just as a fool me maybe these are videos for like if you will the tryouts for Miss Universe 2020 what you what you're saying like this is like yeah I see that because obviously this is the new normal she's got that mask on and everything so this is recent yeah okay that makes sense actually so this is them talking about their or maybe the representation that's going to miss universe right I guess only one could go I think so yeah so they're probably trying to win like miss Philippines right so then whoever wins gets to go on to miss universe yeah that's a really good point I would never thought of that that's a beautiful bird too it is they're all great but I want to say number one so far is my favorite yeah the green city of the south not just an island but a total sense of experience we open each year with a sound of the magnificent of the grandest festival in the Philippines see one of the sub-warners and dying passion for prayer and love for the miraculous sun for the meal is in stew to all of us she's insanely beautiful yeah she's a solid as essentially structure of our choices like I try not to come off sexist or like like not sexist just like oh she's hot you know like a dude dude like do she but like that's literally what this is it's miss universe yeah it's literally looking at your skin some of it looks at your you know they ask questions but that's well miss universe they want you to be all around they want you to be like smart they want you to have the social skills and the talents because you're representing like your country yeah but at the same time you have to have a good front image but literally to make it up and back image I'm sure many parts but to get to that yeah so I without sounding like a douche or a dude dude like you know like a chat yeah I think she's hands down the prettiest one we've seen she's beautiful she's so in my league like she's a hard 20 I'm like a hard three now it tastes like one of these more than the usual nothing can be more distinct more than the thing and I love high-waisted fans mmh this is so good looking let's go let's go let's go she's really sebu city was one of my favorites too she's representing sebu yeah I like that yeah that's all the center of commerce and various industries there's a way to sebu's economic infrastructure development having the first sebu subway in the Philippines sebu is definitely ready for the universe she looks like jayla first she did or like arian agrande yeah yeah so that one was good yeah I liked that one okay so another sebu this world ain't big enough for the two of us right if you funny if she did the exact same video same outfits and everything and beautiful stories to tell okay so she won a different route with this I like this video already yeah she's showing more nature oh she's pretty too yeah very pretty and just bite into that leo culinary estipi they're like you're not supposed to take a bite out of it this one is very focused around her like well so was number two and three yeah the first one was like the least focused on yeah which I get I mean isn't this whole video about them I'd say this is probably just as on point with being focused on her and the nature as the first one was and then there was silence suddenly everything became uncertain but we are resilient I like this one the most our spirit continues to shine through as we stand tall we actually have to do a twenty thousand dollar razor she's not far off that's at least 15 yeah that's what I was like and when you're ready to go on an adventure again she'll be here to welcome you back that's gorgeous I am stuck in rows a birassuri see you again in seibu seibu later a seibu later that was my favorite yeah I I like the second of the last one but as far as video as a whole goes the last one was the best are you saying you like second of the last one because she was pretty yes a hundred percent I thought that the last one was the prettiest I thought the second to the last was the prettiest well I guess I mean none of them are in my realm of like even speaking to yeah like if they were in the room next to us I would literally run out the front door because I'd be like yeah I'm not gonna make myself look like an idiot so I guess we'll have to place wagers on who's gonna make it yeah if that's how this is working let us know down in the comments if that's what this is because yeah I mean obviously you can't have five representations from the same country from the same country yeah let us know in the comment section if this is like a this is your entry into it's like a competition like who who does the best video who represents themselves the best and if you if that's the case let us know down in the comments who you want to win yes guys if you enjoyed this video please give us a like if you want to see our future videos hit the subscribe and the bell notification and if you want to support us directly hit the join button and with that being said my name is Miles my name is Fez thanks for watching guys peace out