 Well I haven't done a grocery reveal for a while so I thought I'd do one today. I went shopping today. Let me see what I spent. I spent 1732 and I got this time to get my receipt. So let's have a look. That's all I've got. I didn't buy any fake, but I had a whole big stuff. I didn't buy a lot of washing powder. I don't think so. So I got 2,000 eggs. So 2,000 eggs. That's all I got. I'll show that book. 2,000 eggs. Where are the eggs? What's coming on 5,000 eggs? 2,40. Yeah, here I think. No, it's not. Oh well, what else would it be? Oh well, what else would it be? How do they cut off? My beautiful patch, Grocery's. Let's turn that around the other way. So I really do like that. They pack everything in a box for you and they tie it. And they've obviously been very well trained how to do this. Because they always make it so that you have something to actually carry it on. So it's always double wrapped. So what are we looking at first? Staple. I know that. I know some of the other people are saying, oh no, you're not eating meatballs. Believe me, when I first went to California, it wasn't for noodles and I did serve. So I also have noodles in here and put everything in it. The noodle would be the basic, along with rice. And this is pan-sick. So pan-sick and it's classic and it's immediate. You just put hot water in it. It's very convenient. And chicken and all kinds of stuff in there. Can't chicken, of course. There you go. So, let me do it. So I have to get these two drinks. It's the Philippine logic. They're chocolate. So you can imagine the high-end sugar, 250 milligrams, chocolate, drink. The path loves those. So we do our token and sweep thing there. And this is a lettuce. Personally, I like the iceberg lettuce. But they come and go. This one. What is this one? What are they calling this one? The PK. A certain kind of lettuce. And it's 28.30. So that little thing is almost a dollar. As I couldn't get iceberg lettuce, I thought for salads. I'll have the cabbage. This is green cabbage. 41. So even that is still under a dollar. 41 paces of this. There's always tricky getting tomatoes for the salads. But I'm the only one that, if I go, if I... If anybody else goes shopping for the grocery, they'll never buy this. Even though a talent has been, talent because they've been cooking for us lately. And she actually does use tomatoes. And she's called it the other day. She says, when you went shopping, didn't you buy any onion? That doesn't eat onion. She doesn't eat anything that's a vegetable. So this is three tomatoes, 28 paces. So we're looking at the call it 50 paces, 50 paces, 50 cents. And the same again. There's a little bit bigger. 33 paces. And what do I got? I actually got the red onions. This is four or five. Let me see, one, two, three, four. Wow, six little onions. So little tiny things. There are four, 58 paces. So a dollar. Call it a dollar. And then we've got these... Yeah, I know that someone is going to educate me on if you bought things in a can or a jar. It would be so much cheaper. The Philippine way, if you're a foreigner, or you're not a foreigner right now, if you're in your own country. But if you're going to come here, you will be. And you always will be. This... This is how they drink coffee. And they sell them like this. So, one, and a big one. Let me see. What should be an easy one to... Oh, there's the eggs. The eggs cost 213 paces for... for two dozen. So, 100 paces. A dozen. 100 paces. I've seen two bad dozen. And this... Where are the coffee? See, those two little drinks here. That's just over a dollar. So, just over 50 cents each. Yeah. I can't find it. But then I'm not sure. I think that these are about eight paces each. So, each paces in there is two, four, six, eight, ten. Probably 20. I'm not sorry about that. But we're not looking at serious grocery shopping here already. This is the meat in that bar. Not very much. There we go. I bought two pork chops. Because if the talent cooks, she will cook a pork chop. I mean, 64 paces. And what did it weigh? The next weigh, 228 kilos. 228 kilos. And now I bought some lean pork. And the lean pork was 120. So, not so bad. But things have definitely got the same here as anywhere. Sometimes, they're both, they're here in orange and pork. I bought a couple of oranges. I love the idea of having oranges. But if I buy, I know this is about about six. Probably the less two will go soft. And these are 41. 41 paces each. They used to be about 20. 40 and a half. So, they're doubled in price. Same price. They've got the old time shift to coffee. Which are how I've learnt this. And you're eating before going to bed. I said it's an energy drink. But that's the fact it's a nutritious old cereal with milk. I'm not a great lover of drinking milk and smooth transforming. But this is a good thing. It's a good drink. And it's not full of caffeine like the coffee is. So, that's my choice on that. So, this vinegar is very small. You know, we'd be thinking large wouldn't we? But this was only about 10 paces I think. I can never find it on here. And it doesn't have the price on it. Vinegar. Where's the vinegar? I don't know why. I can't see anything that makes any sense to me there. They pack this separately. I get something for cleaning the glass table. I'm the only one who uses this to clean glass. It's just not in the mind set. And of course, washing up. Wishing up liquid. Or we're dealing with cold water. It's called water all the time. I still... Obviously, we're living in a modern house. But we still don't have a working shower. We don't have hot showers. And actually, I actually prefer to have a cold shower. I think it is actually better for you in the morning if you get up. And have a cold shower. I don't know if you're going to drink this and so on. I've got coffee during the day. So there's two of those. Beth gets through those. She will have two of these packs in one. One pack is a cup of coffee. She will drink two in the same cup. She likes her coffee. Now there's an Eden cheddar. This is cheddar cheese. And actually, it's actually pretty good. Now, as you may have seen on other videos or photographs, I posted on Facebook. I have just a couple of slices of this. It's obviously that big, the slice. And maybe one tomato or maybe two tomato. If I'm feeling it's driving. So two tomatoes in the morning with some cheese. And I'll count as a pretty good breakfast. Somebody said that that would be good for Beth because she has this acid reflux. Depending on how sick when I eat and what I eat, I can get that too. If I have that thing that I shouldn't have, when I go to peepee coffee from my breakfast. And I'll give in to my week herself and have a piece of cheesecake, which is so delicious. And as soon as I've had the pleasure, or my mouth has had the pleasure, my taste buds have had the pleasure of having a piece of cheesecake. How I feel in here immediately regrets it. And then I got assorted cans. So what have we got? Two different flakes in oil. I got a couple of those. And of course, sedans. I also have corn beef, which is called rough and ready cooking. Which is what we have most of the time. We have the corn beef. And the corn beef actually I found that the corn beef was quite expensive. I thought. Where does it? Actually, the pork chop was only 64.98. And let me see. So, it's actually even cheese that was 150. So for this piece of cheese, we're looking at $3. I think actually that even though it's sick because we're working, we're working obviously in pesos. What's the point? When I do a video, know that foreigners are watching, then I'll do a quick calculation in my head. This is pretty good value. It's not even $3. So I can't let this as pretty good value. And it actually tastes good. So there we are. There's our empty box. So we've got enough meat for two or three meals. If it's just Beth and I, our Beth and I and tell it, but she'll cook. And of course we've got the pork chop, which is an extra bit, I'm certainly. I've got a little bit of fruit, some carrots, which we'll... If we find that we think that the tell it was going to cook, she will actually cook a proper meal. It won't be high in vegetable, even if the vegetables are there. The last time that I bought one of these, which is my green cabbage, it went rotten in the fridge. We threw it away, unopened. So that, and probably this, I'll be the one to have this. When Beth is having something, probably something frightening, I'll have a salad. And of course she'll say to me, is that all you're going to have? Of course, just having a salad would encounter as a meal, because there's no rice. Now with the rice, when I go out to peepee coffee, they'll give me... They'll give me about that much rice. So it's what they've turned a cup full of rice. But I don't have, not even half of that, I usually have... It's about so big like this, and I'll have one third, and I'll keep the rice down, like that. Because the one thing that I remember, that people who know these things, better than me, say that the rice, once you eat it, it converts to sugar. And one thing I do know is that sugar doesn't do you any good. So there's nothing sugar that is here for me, except these drinks. And it doesn't matter how you cut it, they have sugar. It does say high in vites of in sleep, two times more eggs. Not two more eggs, just two more, two times more what they normally put in there. So let's see what the sugar is here. The sugar is higher than one of these 21... 21 grams as a... I'm also sodium. So it may be an energy energizing drink, but it's certainly not that healthy. But in the name, when I like to go up to P.P. coffee, the restaurant that I go to, it's very modestly priced, very nice people, and nice setting, and good internet. So I go up there and I'm sure that they think I'm a real oddball. And who knows that they may well be right. But I have three eggs. They cut a few little pieces of ham as tasters and a couple of slices of tomato, nothing to talk about. And of course the rice, and I have three eggs, and they soft-court them. They fry them, they're soft, they're soft-cooked, running. And that's what I have, and I only have the third of the rice. So it's really hardly any rice at all. Certainly any even tiny little filipina, girl or boy, could inhale that much rice without even thinking about it. So that's my little shopping spree. I hope it gives you an idea of what our living is like at the moment. It was painless to do, and they make a box, as I say. So it's not a big thing. What I do have to comment on is the fact that there is no shortage of food. You can see food everywhere. You can see vendor after vendor after vendor in the street, and they're selling. Not so much tomatoes, and certainly you never find a lettuce on there, I don't think. But bananas, oranges, apples, they sell egg, sell egg by the 28 or 32 to a tray. Food is in abundance. It's not cheap for the average filipina, I'm sure. It's getting a little bit expensive now, but we haven't really noticed that much of a difference. I still spent, if you ever saw some of the earlier videos that I did when I was in the bread house up in the mountain, I'm still going there with 2000 pesos and coming out with change. So look at the change. It was 1732 that I paid, so I still did it spent my 2000 allowance for when I go out. The thing is that we set 2000, because it's not the filipina way to go out. We would never go out into a place such as Costco where you're buying... Well, you would buy this for if you were going to buy any of these cans. If you went to Costco, you would buy the entire box, 30 or 40. And we've done that too. I did try to lay in a little food because so much panic is being predicted. Plus, we're watching videos from my subscribers. We're watching videos of showing empty shelves in the US. And we're thinking, well, surely we're the third world country that's going to be here. But it's not. I see that my wife is now coming in. Let me show you her. And where do you think you've been? I died for my happy. You went to a taffy? Yeah. Wow, I see that you're wearing your helmet. It's scary, but it feels good. It's what? It's scary. Scary? What wearing a helmet? No, driving. But when I just realized driving and then in the back is the big truck. The bus. So we're going to a drink? Yeah. I suppose you freaked out like a lot of the women. A lot of those other women that I see riding a bike. And when they realize somebody's behind them, then they slow right down. So you have to slow right down with them. And you can't get round them with traffic coming the other way. Is that what you do? Yeah, I did. I don't know. I guess what she's picked out. Thank you. So my grocery video has been hijacked. I'll be back another time. Thanks for being with me.