 Hello everybody. Okay, we are out to find the real truth once again, but before we start, hit that subscribe button and that bell notification So that you're notified Every single time we have a new video. So we have so many of our followers ask us every single day how we met online which dating sites we use and We could share all that with you. However, it's not gonna help you because How you approach your dating online is really personal and everybody is different One person may find somebody on one dating website and another may find their perfect somebody on a different dating website and It doesn't really matter which site you use What does matter is that you understand the actual reason for that actual online dating sites Existing and that's why today we're gonna do our first ever Filipino Cupid review. They're the biggest one out there So we're gonna start there But if you want us to do more in depth behind the scenes reviews of Websites like Filipino Cupid and all the other ones out there Please leave a comment below. Let us know which dating sites you want us to look into and we will do that for you Now What makes us qualified to give a review of Filipino Cupid one we are unbiased Nobody's paying us to do this to I've been studying online dating for the past two years in an effort to help all our followers And what we are doing here and I have discovered quite a lot if you can imagine but we are not here to Bash any dating sites what we are here to do is expose some truths that most people may not know about or even really care about But they actually make a very very big impact on your success in using these platforms. Let us explain most online dating site reviews They talk about the features they talk about you know Winks and likes and and all that stuff out there right they talk about swiping left swiping right what's cool about it? What's not cool about it and that's pretty much it? What we're here to talk about today to start is we're gonna really start at ground zero and that is the Filipino Cupid Business model and to help you understand this a little bit more I'm gonna give you something that you can very easily reference because everybody knows what a bar is right? Everybody knows the place where you go after work to have a beer to have a glass of wine to meet people right? So let me tell you a little story of When I was in college in business school. I had a professor He owned a bar when he was in his mid-20s and he was a very successful bar owner now you may think You know what what is what makes a bar successful probably selling beer selling drink selling wine right selling bar food? No, that's not what makes a bar successful what he had taught us is what makes his bar successful was he was in business To facilitate hookups between young men and young women now where am I going with this hold tight stay with me It'll all make sense in just a few minutes. So I asked him if you're in the business to facilitate hookups How do you make money first off? He would tell me we would run promotions all the time We would let ladies in for free have ladies nights where they would get a one or two free drink and they would pay no cover charge What so ever so they get to go in the doors for free? But they would also have these Contests that all the women would always want to get involved in like beauty content They would do dancing content. They would do singing content all things that women would want to get involved in to get as many women in the door as possible Why would they do that because the more women that came the more men Would follow into the bar and those men would then pay a cover charge and then would also have to buy their own drinks But then once the women spent their two free drinks the men would then buy those women drink and what is the goal of those men? Very simple get women drunk and take them home and get a hookup. That's how the bar makes money now Women on Filipino cupid certainly aren't getting drunk. This is what we found honey. Do you want to read that please? Filipino cupid review the easiest way to have sex with Filipinas Unlike most dating sites women significantly outnumber men on Filipino cupid meaning the odds are Ridiculously in your favor There are also hundreds of thousands of women on the site with more being added on a daily basis as Filipinos turn 18 and seek to Slake their first white man any given time there will be thousands of women online showing that they are serious about finding love or just hooking up pay no attention to the hordes of girls saying no players and Tired of having my heart broken Because you'll have them naked within at least two or three days and what we are not going to say is that you can't find Somebody on Filipino cupid you certainly can find love on Filipino cupid We have personal friends of ours that have found somebody on Filipino cupid However, you have to look at it from this perspective Based on the actual business model of Filipino cupid if you are a Western man that is joining this dating website and Solly seeking a life partner. This is what you're gonna be up again What you're gonna have to do is that it's like going into that really annoying bar with tons of drunken slabs Drunken people that are all over the place that are up to no good They're getting in fights. They're they're they're ripping people off. They're just looking for women to hook up with You're gonna have to kind of work your way through those people, right? Look around try to find the right girls because there's gonna be a lot of girls in there that are just looking to play around too, right? And then you see one way over on the other side of the bar, right? See you're over there, right? Okay, and I'm like hey, I think she looks like a really good girl, you know? So I'm gonna fight my way over there. So you're like You know trying to like fight through the crowd, okay? Just to get over to that girl and then what happens before you get there the poor girl that has a good heart Get's misled by one of those jerks one of those guys that just wants to hook up She spends six months talking to this guy He goes to the Philippines to meet her and ten other women that he's met on Filipino cupid to hook up with and It ends there and then there's this poor Western guy sitting there I can't find a good woman and he sits on Filipino cupid for a year maybe two years until he finds the right one now If you are a Filipino woman This is what you're up against so here you are in that bar with 2.5 million women, okay You're trying to get to the front of the door, right? Oh my god. I can't get there I can't get there. I can't get there. I can't get there Meaning you're like way way way in the back in this new zone of the dating website where nobody sees you no man's land, right? Because one you're not paying to boost your post and you're not paying for membership So you're gonna get shoved way in the back So it's gonna be really hard for you to meet somebody back there and because all the ultra sexy women are doing things like this Where they will join and do bikini contest that they don't know that they're doing and Because they're wearing the bikinis they get front page You're gonna go up against all the really ultra sexy women up there because Most men I'm sorry to say this most men will look at looks first now I do believe there are a lot more Filipino women on this site that are looking for the real deal They're looking for a man to fall in love with to have you know mixed white Filipino babies because that's what everybody wants and And Right, okay, hey, I Asked a lot of women and I asked them why do you want to move to America? Why do you want an American man because I want a cute baby with half blood white and half blood Filipino? With a nose So they can be misuniverse. Yeah, so they can be misuniverse That's the goal. So if you really want to know the real reason why Filipino women want to marry Foreign men is because they want to have a possibility of their daughter being misuniverse. No, it's just a funny thing about it All right, let's do a quick recap and we will end this video You have the bar you have Filipino cupid very similar business models. Let me explain again both business models the bar and Filipino cupid Invite women for free to join in masses. So what that does is it invites a lot of bad people With some good people in the mix as well. They also do things to get women to dress sexy and to promote their sexiness Hence have you ever seen Filipino cupids headline on their website? It doesn't say meet the love of your life does meet your Filipino beauty Right then the men both the bar and the Filipino cupid Russian They have to pay their cover fee if they want to talk to women So they paid their membership fee at Filipino cupid and then most of the ultra sexy Attractive women that are eye candy will actually send those wings to those men that are paying To talk to them and the men are going to get hooked So unless you are ultra attractive in sexy the odds are against you in a site like Filipino cupid I'm not saying you cannot find a man But you definitely have to take a very different approach because we've known too many women that we've spoken with That have been members of Filipino cupid for long time often on that have never had any success And that's why and we would love to do more in-depth reviews on How to Successfully use the Filipino cupid platform so that you can be more successful If you're interested in seeing that and if you're interested in us making more videos to show you How to be more successful on that site so that you can find the right person Leave a comment. Let us know what is most important to you And we will certainly include that in our videos. So until our next video Don't forget to subscribe hit the bell notification and as always keep it real