The next food is called "Chopsuey"
Have you seen this before?
- Yes
Filipino stir fried vegetables
I'm the only one who haven't seen this yet
They put pork meat and liver on it
I wanted to try cooking this before but, it's really hard to cook so we keep on saying "next time"
And too much veggies
Too much veggies what?
- I don't like veggies that much
He's just like a kid
That's why I said earlier that this is a healthy food
- This is the healthy food (Beer)
Chopsuey makes you healthy while beer will give you health problems
This both makes a perfect match
This is not a pulutan, this is a meal
Let's give it a try
Pulutan is here
- I prepared this as meal for us
Cheers first
It's refreshing
It's good to drink during day time
- It's been a long time I haven't drink during day time
It really have too much veggies
- There's pork liver on it
Wow!
It's too salty
It's more likely a Filipino food
Eat it with rice
- Beer is enough
I have a good Idea, mix rice with beer then put chopsuey on it
- You go and try it first
I want to try it together
I remember before when we went to a PUB, Grey ordered this food
Yes, I always order chopsuey and caldereta
I really like the other food but I'm not that big fan of this one
Because there's not enough meat on it
But... now it's good with beer
Some restaurant they put a lot of meat on this
What are the ingredients they used to cook this?
- pork liver
If you eat only the liver, it crumbles
Korean people also eat liver, soondae and pork liver for example
Soondae and pork liver and lungs
Anything else?
- Heart
Why?
- Nothing
Korean style of cooking liver is dry but this is juicy
Because it is stirred fried with veggies, but the way Koreans cook  liver is steamed
I want to try one Filipino food
- What is it?
It's cooked with pig's blood
- Oh yes, I know that one... it's like Korean food "Sun-Ji Guk(cow liver with blood)"
Can you eat sun-ji guk?
- Yes, I love it
So.. next time let's try that one
- There is a food like sun-ji guk here in the Philippines?
Yes
You know why I talked about the dinuguan? because my Filipina friend posted a picture of dinuguan, then I thought it was red bean porridge
It has a similar visual as red bean porridge
So I asked her "is it a red bean porridge?" the she said it's pig's blood stew
Korean people usually eat sun-ji guk to deal with hang-over
- It's a healthy food
Stop talking and try the food first
- I ate a lot of Bicol express earlier
Actually I don't like veggies that much too
- Eat broccoli it matches your shirt's color 
You try it first
- When a person like someone, they want to give something to them first
I like you too
- Keep your table manners
Broccoli looks like a flower bouquet 
We need to eat veggies for our health
Three of us...
Is this broccoli?
What? three of us are broccoli?
The three of us are living away from our family, so no one could take care of us
If you're living alone, you often skip meals and eat instant food instead of a proper meal
No, I eat well
- Because, you can cook well
I can cook as well but I'm too lazy
What food you usually eat?
- I order food
I like broccoli but I couldn't
Because of my braces
It get stuck easily
It would be a great design
Yes, it would be a braces broccoli edition
If I smile after eating broccoli, you can see the broccoli flower on my teeth
Do you know? we made an appearance on Eat Bulaga... they showed it again yesterday
That's why a lot of people sent me messages
That's why people said that they seen me on TV, and I thought if I did something wrong
I really was shocked, because I sinned a lot
- Stop doing bad things
He will appear on a news flash as a Paru-paro (Babaero)
Few days ago I visited Manila and I went to a restaurant and someone recognized me
And she asked me about Min
Me?! not Grey?
Yes for sure it's you, and her eyes looked like she missed you
It's a drama like situation
What did you do in Manila? who is she?
I will try the broccoli
Focus on our video! , I will now try broccoli
Did you watch our video on eat bulaga again?
- I don't like to watch it, I was not there
It's just a year ago but we look so young on the video
Within a year, we had a hard time
Pandemic together with lockdown made us really tired
Anyways, on that video we look so young
- And you're still singing well
For me, your voice sounds better than Daryl Ong
If you're there as a guest again, what song will you sing?
I will not
How about you?
- I can sing and dance
Okay, he promised
- If I will be guested again
Then I got a connection with the producer, I will tell him
- Don't do that, I will kill you
I'm so full
- Is it too much that we tried two meals at once?
No it's good, but Bicol express made us craving for more
I prepared two meals because I love my brothers
- O please.. remove the love part
Just call us 'someone'
I prepared foods for strangers, how was it?
Bicol express is way too different than usual, it's like a new fresh experience but it's good to try
I can finish two bowls of rice just with the sauce itself
Yes, the sauce is nice
- How about chopsuey?
It was good as well
- It's good with drinks
If the drink was soju, it will be more better
- I feel like I'm the one who cooked the foods
I like foods here at Hanin Town Restaurant, and the coffee also
Yes, it has a very rich flavor
We should've finished already but we were talking too much while drinking coffee
I have to go to work but now I feel too lazy
- You have to go to work but you drink alcohol
I feel like I'm drunk
Let's drink and absent for today's work
Go with the flow
- It's okay, we're just going to lose our jobs
Okay, let's finish this video
Are you going to invite a girl after this?
I will order a gun from lazada
