 Hello guys, I'm Shin Smeb from Japan. Right, today I'm going to react to this video. Slumpdank Opening Theme Kimi ga Ski Datu Sakebi Time By Monagonsaners I like Slumpdank very much. It's my favorite anime. I'm so happy that she's covering this song. Well, Slumpdank, it's quite old actually. I remember when I was elementary student. I liked Slumpdank very much. And I started basketball and played a lot. Although I was belonging to a baseball team. It's funny that I play basketball, better than baseball. So maybe I should have gotten basketball team. Anyway, speaking of characters from Slumpdank, I like Sashi Mitsui. If you guys remember this scene. I want to be a basketball player. You guys watched in English, though. It's a happy scene, isn't it? I got big fan of Slumpdank since I watched this scene. He used to be a good player, but he got injured. And then he turned to be a bad boy. I'm sorry. This is a reaction to Monagonsaners singing. Kimi ga Ski Datu Sakebi Time. I want to shout that I love you. So as he said, it's really powerful and cheerful song. In my generation, we always sing this song when we call waste deads. Because you know, you need to be powerful and cheerful. And you can really stress. So yeah, we love this song. Well, how will Monagon cover this song? Let's see what it's like. Oh, I remember my school days. Oh, I want to be a bad thing. Well, that's what I'm talking about. Oh, like I said, she's trying to be very powerful. So she know how to cover this song. Fantastic. Crazy boy. Good, good. Hmm, good to be a brother. Oh, great. Well done. But I want you to be more powerful. Yeah, come on Monagon. Oh, you're dead. Oh, you're dead again. Come on, what powerful? I... Mean good Cool! I like high lower voice Very cool I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. That's what I want to do. Take it out. Take it out. Take it out. Take it out. I'm really impressed with her now because last time I reacted to her singing Boo-Bud by Kimu-Gakali and I thought she got a clear voice, beautiful voice but this time she got a cool voice, how do you say like, husky voice, yeah husky voice, yeah anyway she got various voices so yeah this is her talent you know like she can just her voice depending on kinds of songs so yeah fantastic okay now can I say one thing sorry I point out every time we react to her song right, I just can't help it but you should be more powerful at hook pad you know in this song you shout like I love you you know without any ashamed or embarrassed feelings and I didn't feel bad from her heartbeat yeah that wasn't quite you know yeah you seem like you know thinking you someone you love like crazy so maybe use the Japanese I don't know whatever but then you can get you know much better so yeah good luck well that's it thank you for watching my video hope you like it if you do make sure to like and subscribe so bye for now bye