 Hey guys this is Shun-shun-shun-yif, okay today reacting to this video Valtice V, legacy, one epic ride Well this is my first time reaction to the Valtice V I know this is Japanese anime, this is not like you guys expect but most of Japanese don't know about it Actually this is a really old anime like from 70's like my parents generation However interestingly enough it's got really popular in the Philippines somehow this days Why? Baby advice? Pretty many people, why? Tell me Right so today I figured out watching this video so let's get into it If you enjoy the content give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing if you're here So let's get into it On go to school Oh There I am. Oh really? It's remaked and in the Philippines way Wow this is really interesting so now it's got Philippines anime It's not Japanese anime anymore really is it? Interesting Graphic graphic is pretty good yeah good city technique I feel the development of the Philippines in terms of this animation I don't know but it makes me feel like Star Trek Well I like Star Trek so yeah I think I should watch this I'm going to watch the movie and the production and I think this is one of the biggest projects on JN Really? Wow From the sets to the costumes, a lot of the classic attention to detail Hmm From the combination of the live action sequences and the computer generated special effects Wow Sobren of a big site Really good graphic yeah it's so like he said a big project I think many fantastic Philippines professionals are gathered to make this film Oh I think it costs money She is hot actually I want to join What? Who's already What? What? In What? Fans are ready Oh my god it looks like a transformer So it is a best on the Japanese anime vote vote this way true vote this way I think I should watch Japanese battle first Oh Morning Whenever you knee to the top Oh, that's a sum, Japanese character. Hmm, good, good, it looks good. Well, at the moment I have really, I don't really know about that story, but it's like some, you know, a battle organization invading the earth on some hero saving it off from that. That kind of thing, right? Well, there's some, there are cool characters with fancy costumes and the graphics pretty good. So only all it's fantastic, especially the CZ technique. Yeah, that was actually really surprising to me. I think you guys might get offended this bar, you know, I was expecting that Philippine's quality was pretty bad, but I was wrong. It's got as good as Japanese one or even better, I guess. It could be even better. It makes me feel like Philippine's animation industry has developed so well. By the way, is this based on Japanese anime or original story? I think I should watch the original story first. Okay, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. Be like it if you did a mention like button and subscribe to this channel. So, mata o de.