 Tahoe! Tahoe! Tahoe! Wow! 2.30 in the morning. It's an early start. That's just so heavy. Yeah. Everything made by hand. It's so good. Yeah. What's up Philippines? Welcome to another reaction video. Today, we are reacting to one of my favorite topics, which is Filipino street food. And what we're going to see today is a day in the life of a Tahoe vendor here in the Philippines. And Tahoe is actually one of the Filipino street foods that I had on my very first trip to the Philippines. And usually when you're in the Philippines, you hear a street vendor yelling, Tahoe! Tahoe! You know. Yeah, and then they will just come with this whole bucket thing. Yeah, and it's really impressive. They carry this heavy... It's crazy. But it's even more impressive when you watch them preparing it and then you take the first day. It's so good. It's really good. Really delicious. It's a soy with tapioca pearls, I think, and caramelized sugar if I'm mistaken. Yeah. So let's jump into those variants. See what it's about. Yeah. Oh! Oh! Actually, I'm really excited. I'm going to go to the costumer. I'm going to the bathroom. I'll be back when I'm done with the rest of the day. I'm going to have a look at the food. Oh, I think it's part of many... In the Philippines, most people's childhood memories are food savoring a cup of freshly made Tahoe from friendly neighborhood vendors early in the morning. It's a one and a... A cup of tea. It's filled with a snack made of soybean pudding, arnibal, syrup, and segol, tapioca pearls. Since time immemorial, it has become a popular street food in the Philippines, serving as a power-up snack for those who have to skip breakfast during the morning rush or while in transit. It has many Asian versions, but we have adapted this beloved snack and made it our own. See, that's the same one ever. And that's the same one every day yet never really get to know them. That's what we're trying to change. Meet Kuyahendri. That is true. Wow. We're not going to be in the morning. We're looking down on them. We're going to start. Wow. That will move one moment. Henry has been selling Tahoe since the early 2000s. He used to be a tricycle driver until his brother-in-law was at Tahoe vendor, and encouraged him to try it as well. And so, this is what the business is like. It's a pin of pino, so it's good. He has been selling Tahoe since and now pedals balut at night. I'm going to be a little bit hungry. I'm going to be a little bit hungry. I'm going to be a little bit hungry. How about Henry Leonardo for 21 years old? He's been selling Tahoe for 20 years now. Wow. You know, I was selling Tahoe products once they had come back to me since the Army was a famous theatre series. But I tried to put back my knowledge down because I was able to come together with them anyway. I was so excited that I could see the weather and the weather. I was so excited that I could see the weather. I was so excited that I could see the weather. I was so excited that I could see the weather. Wow, two hours preparation. Kui Henry befriended a cab driver on a random day while on his way to South Dakota. After getting tired of taxi drivers who would ask for extra fees, just to let him ride with his equipment, he asked him if they could have an arrangement where the driver would fetch him from home and bring him to the only village where he sells daily every morning. A business arrangement then flurged. I was so excited that I could see the service. I was so excited that I could see the service. I was so excited that I could see the service. I was so excited that I could see the service. I was so excited that I could see the service. I was so excited that I could see the service. I was so excited that I could see the service. If they're not making it, the whole vendors can get their ingredients from professional to make shift toll factories. Hours before daybreak, they usually line up outside armed with their empty tin drums to get to buy their daily supply of soybean, sweet syrup, and tapioca pearls. I started to come out to work with my friends and I was so excited that I could see the service. I couldn't do anything because I was so excited. I was so excited that I could see the service. I was so excited that I could see the service. I was so excited to see the service. I was so excited that I could see the service. I started to come out to work with my friends and I could see the service. They made videos of my friends and I could see the services. Once full, they have until about noon to sell out before the silk and tofu goes bad. As they have to sell out before the silk and tofu goes bad. The silk and tofu goes bad. The silk and tofu goes bad. If you buy a thousand, they can be become because my town is so yummy. I have to put the water surface. The water surface is so beautiful. I like the silk and tofu. I like the silk and tofu. I like the silk and tofu. Maybe we can do that too Monday. I don't think it's a good idea. I have to do it all day. I have to do it all day. I have to do it all day. I have to do it all day. I have to do it all day. If we can do it all day, we can do it all day. Because it's not good to sell and it's not good to sell out. It's good to sell out. It's good to sell out. It's good to sell out and I like the costumers. Hello Hello Hello Hello HelloAlse HelloAlse HelloAlse HelloAlse Henry has not only gained the trust but the affection of his customers around the neighborhood. They know him by name and vice versa. The fact that he sells out most days shows that he has become an integral part of this community. Was that last one of the events that were in our way? You reckon, it is Henry who suggested, and went there an early 3-3 million times before he died, within the Old Assistant, that was yesterday, but maybe the old Assistant fell scared to be called well back here. It's a very interesting story, huh? He goes with his friend. Wow, so cool! So, for a nice video. Wow! I think that gave us a great insight into, you know, just an everyday job here in the Philippines. And I think it's not only an everyday job, it's an everyday hero because most Filipinos get the fruits from the street vendors, from the Jeepneys. Jeepneys? Currindrias. And what's the jolly Jeep? Jolly Jeep, sorry. So, yeah, I had no idea that, you know, you have to wake up so early to make trouble. To make it, right? And as you say, like, some just take the store board, but I think it makes a big difference. And I'm very curious to try the stahol from Kuyahainry. So, I have to check if they put the location inside, but I think it's just right here. Yeah. By the way, we don't usually do reaction videos at my time, but since we are, maybe I can give us a try. If it works. I have a WhatsApp Philippines light setting. Oh, yeah, that's true! Oh, it's already. That's quite underwhelming. Cut, cut. I think we have to put the lights. Alright, guys, if you enjoyed this reaction video, be sure to give it a thumbs up, subscribe. If you're new, support your local ta-ho, Linda. Yes. And we'll see you guys next time. And give them some extra tips next time. And I'll see you guys next time on WhatsApp Philippines. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.