 The end of the other day when you are in the mountain is to be careful. But it's snakes. I'm scared of snakes. What's up? What's up, man? What's up, man? You have 2 newitat. Both of them are ottwos. She knows the artist's house,="gratom. Read the lyrics of that song right?"; She watched Maybec FL sweep the roads and they went down a place called Herzegra headphone jack, They're so decayed. Why wait till the sunrise? My husband called the girl back. Is this Roq people? Head toน Acho... She's my husband. I don't know how to say this How do you say this? Manation Do you know what I mean? I don't know Do you know what I mean? I don't know I don't know Can I see my thumb? I don't know You know what I mean? I don't know I'll see you I'm gonna get this We're gonna get this because we wanted Mia to eat it And see It's delicious Are you gonna like it? Thank you so much I'm gonna eat this I'm gonna eat this Are you gonna eat this? I'm gonna eat this I'm gonna eat this I don't know I don't know I don't know I'm gonna get this because we wanted to eat it I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know This is the life here in the province You can see different kinds of foods But these are its delicious So You would like to try it and see if it is true I don't know You would like to try it You would like to try it And see if it is true Right, but Right Right Right Right Right Right And see It's so delicious We don't know We don't know We don't know It's so delicious Oh, it's delicious I'm gonna eat this I don't know And I I don't know Oh, it's so delicious I don't know I don't know gawick Eat it, Lablea, eat it. Hey, little girl. Oops, I stopped over there. Here! That man is here. And fish out, tongue almost shakes. In recent days, it caught more than just my wife being spotted, and my life in the midst of stagnation should be cos you have to risk life. What can we do with your land? yeah So these are the small just provinces out there too ok they're saying that the nature inside of this DaiRai City these adult listed links Shave planted in this Rice field Get in my shirt I will put some for you