 We won. This is like the best piece of chicken we've made on this channel. Oh wow! This is really something that is embedded in everybody's childhood. In the Philippines, everybody knows. Childhood memories, you can't beat them Josh. What's up Philippines? Welcome back to another reaction video with your host Nali. Today I am reacting to one of my favorite content creators when it comes to cooking. Which is Joshua Weissman. And today is a very special one because he's making Jolly B. Fried chicken and spaghetti. But better. So my question is, host of all, Joshua, I've ever eaten proper, proper Jolly B. Like in the Philippines, I know that it tastes differently in the US, everywhere. Like, you know, you can't compare it. But I'm very curious to see how he makes this Jolly B. Fried chicken and spaghetti. So I would say let's jump straight into the video. You thought I had it out for KFC? That was just the beginning. I love this series. It's so good. It's recreating fast, but delicious. But better. Mmm. All right. There we go. Great. Okay, so today we're doing Jolly B. Chicken Joy with a little bit of spaghetti versus mine. This is one of the more specialty places that's been requested numerous times. I have a lot of friends who love it and I've actually never had it. So I'm excited to put it in my mouth. Oh, did it go? To let you understand what the flavors are like so that I can then bust a wide open. I do this with respect and love and I understand this big part of culture in the Philippines. This is a big part of Filipino food and this is also an homage towards that. So with all that being said, let's make this show. Was that the flag the other way around? The f*** out of a life. You don't just realize the other day with Jolly B. It's a beat. First off, the buildings are amazing. Exterior? Ten and a ten. This is the best drive-through I've ever been through. Hi, can I just get the Jolly B combo with spaghetti? I have 50. Thank you. Thank you. She was very nice. She did say good morning, which I appreciate. Thank you. That was fast. Okay, so menu. I love the chicken aspect. For variety, eight out of ten. Seven out of ten. Seven point seven two out of ten. Service. Oh, that is very specific. I think because they seem kind of sad. Have you ever had someone say good morning to ice to you? That's how people get married. That's how babies are made. Let's go. We already get it back. Let's see. First time. I mean, Jolly B. chicken. I did half spicy, half normal, although we're doing the normal version. Very sorry. If you want to make it spicy, I'll give you a small turn. And then of course, this spaghetti. I know that this is very good. All right. I want to be respectful, but this is a little weird. But hey, get gravy. All right, chicken. Very good. This is the spicy one, but I get the idea. Honestly, it's kind of good. I don't know if I can make fun of this. I want to eat this. This kicks KFC right out of their KFPP. And then it's the normal one. Mm-hmm. Try that, KFC. I will say this is breaded a lot better. This is just like a flapp of skin with no crisp. That aside, flavors are really nice, straight forward. I'm gonna dip this in the gravy. Man, I get the hype. I really do. Now this and the hand. Why? This is exists. I'm so sweet. It seems like Chef Boyardy. It's like unholy and kind of good at the same time. You walk into a room and like, whoa, whoa, got a scary one here. There's demons and stuff. But then like all the demons, like super chill. Chicken's great. This is weird, but... Okay, something that I have to point out at this point is that in Western culture, you're very used to savoury spaghetti. So everything that you get is kind of like Italian style. With a lot of citrusy flavors or tomato flavors, with acidic taste, salty taste, but not so much sweet. So that's why it's weird, or consider it as weird. Chicken's great. This is weird, but not... I don't... I wouldn't need this personally. But can we make it better? I don't know. We don't try. Right. This is a whole last meal. So let's make this quick. Of course, we have our gravy, chicken, and well, the spaghetti. Sausage in many cases should go first because we want to make sure that they feel loved. So first up, gravy. Medium sauce pan down. Add in 10 cloves of peeled garlic. We cover with one cup or 240 milliliters that but try to get some of the good choice. Let that come up and lightly cook swirling occasionally for five to seven minutes. Or until the garlic is golden brown and ultra soft. Drink the oil out. Paste a fire garlic by pressing with the flats out of your knife and continue to see try to get a nice, fun atmosphere. Well, paste. Finish this. And then you can add 2 tablespoons of 28 grams of unsalted butter. 2 tablespoons or 28 grams of chicken fat. Or vegetable oil. Sits a medium heat. And once that butter is melted and bubbling, add 4 tablespoons of 43 grams of all-purpose flour. And let that... But that makes everything better, right? Usually for about 45 seconds. Then with skinned two cups, we're 480 milliliters of good chicken stock. Good stuff. Yeah. Continuously stir until it begins to thicken to a nice gravy-like consistency. Adding chicken stock if it becomes a little too... Ficky. And then once that's done, add off the heat. And season it with 1 to 2 tablespoons or 29 grams of silver swan soy sauce. Whisk in your hot sauce. And salt the taste. Up actually a little... Sprinkle... It is... I see! Paste the whole thing through a five mesh strainer and you have a lovely gravy. Now the only other sauce, drinks the jolly bee, tomato sauce. This one could be potentially a little bit different from the original, but you know what, I'll still give it a confused but respectful nod. It had at least a four-quart saucepan and had just enough vegetable oil to cook the bottom of the pan. Heat over medium-high till hotter than Kendrick doing a dance during... Oh, wow. Then at half a pound, there 250 grams of diced smoked ham in five hot dogs. It's at least in a half-inch coins. Whoa, buddy. Really in them horses. I made these hot dogs from scratch with my own two hands. Wow. Once those started to get some color, lower the heat to medium and stir in five clothes. Thumbs up for that! Totally. Because I wrote it in the video like that today. That's... Once for a great, about 30 seconds, add in a half cup or 120 grams of tomato paste, cook and stir until that begins to caramelize in the bottom of the pan, about one minute, and then add in one and a half cups or 350 milliliters of chicken stock. Okay, then, in full of that with a 24-ounce can of crushed tomatoes, a quarter cup or 24 grams of granulated sugar. And before you ask for the chicken, physically bring myself to add any more sugar than that and so many internal conflicts during the experiment. Now bring that to a light boil, reduce it to low and simmer for 15 minutes, or until reduced and slightly thickened. Something like this. Now season it to taste with salt and that is your som-oisouce. Finally, onto our chicken. First off, this is my favorite thing about jelly-be-no-gap dang breasts. You know, I've always avoided the breast. Same! Comes to fried chicken. And you know, jolly-be gets it. So get a large bowl and fill it with two cups or 180 milliliters of buttermilk, two teaspoons or five grams of garlic powder, one teaspoon or two grams of ground-light pepper, one teaspoon or half a gram of ground- Is anybody else getting hungry while watching this? Yeah. Table spoons are 36 grams. Because I am. Specifically, silver swan swimsuits. And obviously you can add a touch of MSG if you want to be a little bit naughty. Let's go into another. Add in four chicken drumsticks, and four chicken legs. Let this special effect. And skin on for that juicy, moist, like... Tasty coat and mermaid for five minutes. At room temp, but ideally let it sit overnight in the fridge. Then for the dredge, get a separate large bowl. And take up the secret. 75 grams of all-purpose flour. One and half tablespoons or 14 grams of kosher salty. Two teaspoons or 12 grams of... Eeeeeeeen... Eeeeee... Just spring-bing MSG! And Korean receipts. Two teaspoons or eight grams of garlic powder. One teaspoon or four grams of ground white pepper. A quarter teaspoon or one gram of onion powder. You can have a nice whisk. Tell me, forget the last ingredient of one teaspoon. Or one gram of ground ginger powder. Stir again. Ginger powder. Interesting. Okay. Please listen carefully here. The way you coat your chicken is what makes this recipe. If your fried chicken sucks, it's probably for a lot of reasons. But a big one is the coating technique. I don't just release recipes like a bunch of these wack TikTok cooks. And don't get me wrong. I'm not talking about all of them. But I show real techniques. And I'm giving them so you can wield their power. So please use them. Now, in order to create appropriate flakeage, you need to mimic what a chicken chop has. A lot of dripage in their dredge. So dip your hand into your marinade and flick little dots of it onto your chicken. Oh, okay. And repeat one to two more times. And you should have a little ball. Dispersed in your flour that will flatten into a beautiful flake when you coat. Now pull your chicken out of your marinade. Oh, okay. Combatches, drop it into your flour mix. Tost a coat. Make sure to add a little bit of the skin as well. Press aggressively to adhere. A nice layer on every little nook and cranny. And once it's fully coated with no bald spots. Your chicken is coated. Remember, it looks pretty good. It's gonna look good. Fried. Deep that with all your chicken, gently leave your chicken into fry oil around 350 Fahrenheit and fry for 8 to 10 minutes. But just in the attempt to keep them from getting too hot. We want to cook before the crust gets too dark. Now, what's flaky? Oh, got dang croissant. And the internal temperature reads 165 Fahrenheit. And your pule is done. Now, for this friatti roll, please at least cook your spaghetti out. Dendete. Yes, saldentete. And we're ready to plate it up. Plate, don't make them mushy. Don't make them mushy. The reddest tomato sauce in history. Cheddar cheese to hurt my heart. Fried chicken thigh. And drumstick for that proper combo. And finally, your confi garlic soy gravy. Now, that looks like a jolly bee plate if I've ever seen one. But it's time to decide a winner. And to be honest, that's really good. This is gonna go. Kendrick, this one's for you. I worked really hard on this. That kicked me right in the penis. And with the gravy. Mommy! We won. This is like the best piece of chicken we've made on this channel. Every video is pretty, although I'm not really that crazy about it at this point. It's alright. Obviously, it's a lot less sweet. There's more diversity in the texture of it and the hot dogs. Obviously being homemade. Let me come on. We have a taste tester today. This right here. Little baby? Like a jolly bee shirt? That's this man right here. A friend, Dan and a man. We go way back work. Then restaurants together. And you tell us a little bit about your experience with jolly bee. Jolly bee for me was like, we would go to church and then my mom would take me to jolly bee. I was like, thank you. My first birthday was a jolly bee. My mom was like holding me to the mascot and it was like, don't sting me. Damn, this is a really kinky. Have you ever had that happen before? Not standing up. Chuchu. Chicken number two. The first one. I really like the crunching of it. Anything crunchy. I'm sold on. The second one. I really like the peppering-ness behind it. A good combination of that would be a really good. I'll be chicken, baby. One would be my pick. That's good. On to the spaghetti. Are they going to take my Filipino card away, man? You're no longer brown. Yeah. Chuchu. It's definitely the first one. The taste definitely sticks to my mind. There's a bit of an acidity on the second spaghetti, which is a lot more mature. But the first one, I could definitely eat it and just like distinguish it from childhood. It's really familiar to me. So definitely the first one. You could put the flavor in the chicken, but you can't take away the culture in this style. Honestly, I think this is one of my favorite competitions I've ever done on but better. Okay, this is really something that is embedded in everybody's childhood. In the Philippines, everybody knows jolly bee. Everybody loves Filipino spaghetti. Everybody loves the fried chicken. So, you know, childhood memories. You can't beat them, Josh. I'll be honestly, it gets a gold star. First but better in history. It's never gotten a gold star. It's a tie. Oh! I'm not going to get the job, but not with a baby in between us. But you want to know what else is in between us? Be roll. Nice. Yeah, that was really interesting. I mean, like I said, the spaghetti is more acidic. That's what I mentioned earlier on. It's just different in the Western culture where we like acidic, we like salty. And in Asia, it's more like going towards the sweet. Mommy flavors. Okay. Yeah, nice video. Really loved it. Let me know what you think about it. I can definitely see some comments like rolling in on this video. There were definitely a few things where you might disagree with. But something that I want to point out is I appreciate his honesty. Now there's no sugar coating. A lot of MSG. But yeah, really love this version. I definitely would love to try this version of the fried chicken myself. That's really good. Got me hungry. It's so amazing here. So yeah, if you enjoyed this video, give it a thumbs up. Subscribe if you're new. And also check out my other channel. That is Life, where I showcase the beauty of the Philippines, but also of the world in my travel blogs and also parts of my life. Being that, I'm like pretty deep into Filipino culture because I've been living in the Philippines world very long time. You can do it that kind of videos. Also check that out. That's all for today. I'll see you guys next time here on... What's up, Philippines? Bye-bye.