 Cheers! Are we? Happy Spare with you. You feel happy 5-year. Do you hear the bell? So it's a bit too fast to tell. We are going to eat. Let's go. Palitna, Lumpurapur. We are going to drink. We are going on a trip to our favorite market. We are going to hate you. Cheers! We are going to have a dinner. Bye bye! I'm hungry! I want to come to you. Salamat! So we are on our favorite trip. Hey, what is it again? Guys, we are going on a trip to... You can see that very embarrassed. We are going to the market. That's the sports on food. Right? So... There's a person's mother here. What? There's a person's mother here. Yeah, nice. I need to do the whole day. Hello! Hello! Bye bye! Bye bye! I found Miran! I found Miran! I found Miran! I found Miran! I found Miran! Scary! I might have to edit this. Oh, wait. Wait. That is 9. Nice. Alright. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hey, hey, hey. Hey! Mommy, help me. Mommy, help me. Help me. Yeah. Yes. Look. Look. Look. Look. Look. Look. Look at this. You want the spicy one? Yes. No. You don't want the spicy? So do half, huh? I really want to eat half. There you go. So? I don't know. But I do have a... I'm going about the sugar ones. Yeah. I want half. Yeah. I want half. Not half, right? I want half. Huh, huh, huh. That's my daily. And I want that. That's my daily, uh. That's my daily. That's my daily, uh. That's my daily, uh. That's my daily. So this is the Tabunok Market, which is the whole day and is the evening version of the Tabunok Market. Very busy fishes. Fruits. Fish again. A lot of stuff so I hope you will enjoy this. And how big customs a carpenter should be? So we have been here many years ago in 2010 Different I think they all have the units now and all seems to have a lazy unboxes. Let's take it out inside So many chicken now Cheyah many chicken now Duck yeah Do you ever have a drink to drink? Do you ever try to buy? No, we have two choices I had the pizza one already and I have two One, I also drank the they had also the two but then the alcohol there's one so we go for sweets Yes, no Is that worth? So how to do cheers? Now cheers with you I'm up first half So it smells like the one Go for mama Mama, mama, mama, mama No, if you can't drink it anymore I drink it No, I take the two third one I need some We have a little bit alcohol Cheers Happy Spare with you, you feel happy five cheer It's not heavy enjoyable today No, cheers I'm not sure if they cleaned it also Oh, ha No, see you later It's a little bit funny in the stomach now So the market is there is what we said the pubics and on here it's like that It's a surprise that there's still so much market We have actually only expected a little bit maybe just a few people let's say selling But actually the whole market is actually pretty The candy and the candy and the candy is crazy Hey, hello What is name? Good evening, may I come in? Okay, Salamat, are you eating it already? Is that the right thing to do? Comment down below, we know your answer But what are you, um, this is why you? I'm not thinking we're making Basilama Ooh, humiliation out there, maybe it's going to make Basilama so it can be this Oshaya, I'm seeing some nice food for you, this is what you like Yes, right? You like that right? Yeah, yes, happy evening for you Hello, man And we have banks here of course, oh, you didn't go that way Hey, I heard there's ginamos No, it's ginamos, did you see that? No So this is ginamos? So mummy, it's fermented fish, right? Yes, it's fermented fish So actually it's just rotten fish? Yeah, umami And in Sweden they also have rotten fish, right? So as far as I know they put the fish in the ground They put the fish in the ground, they just eat it So if you're in Sweden or you're living in Sweden, it's correct There's a lot of fish here Yeah, now let's go on I can feel it She can feel the kupa Wow Very fresh fish, look at the eyes so fresh Wow, come on down below If you know what, this kind of fish is this Or let's just actually eat What kind of fish is this? What kind of fish? What kind of fish is this? This one? Not one one Okay Which one? Tolloi Okay, but I thought actually she mentioned juke-lloi But it's tolloi? Tolloi There they are This is actually very much smarter than a bunch of risotto Yeah, but the thing is, so here is the meat section Then I see here whoops At the back, see all the vegetables So we take you there in a little while and here is all the fly section Yep, yeah So let's go where? Hey, we buy some to risotto Do you buy to risotto? I just said it Look at this Man, I saw the dish The traditional one is the nice The traditional one is the nice one Hello sir Are you a little bit thick? Yeah, go hygiene It's very uncommon in the restaurant, but here it's very normal, right? Wah wah wah wah Of course, favorite thing for the Filipinos Chicken intestine for barbecue Wow, nice What else do you have? Chicken wings, chicken whatever And this is said, Tito, what's your name? Tito, Taro GR, GR from Dallas? Are you a GR? DGR, DGR from Dallas That's him Yay So this friendly man is selling show power With pork with egg With pork with egg So you try one first, people? And then you try one Show power first before we buy the eggs The bread is frying, try it One by one Happy? Two by one We try first No No one, there's only five And we can eat anything Yeah, we can eat this Only boss wants to try because it wasn't that sour Suck, suck Are you going home? Yes, because it's cleaning Okay, so you're done? Relax And if you notice, if you're not a Filipino That means yes And this means there Yes, you don't ask for kiss, you know? So don't think if a Filipino or a Filipino do this They want your kiss, they want your kiss It is pointing to the reaction Yes, somewhere there Yeah, okay, it's a llama So how are you guys? Yes, how you watching YouTube? Yes So you look up drop to 50k So actually we have presently surprised That there's actually so much we didn't know anymore That this market is so big So this is just a market in Tari size They put the bunog So if you want to have a nice market, you really can eat Don't have to go to carbon travel all the way Because you just go too Double knock markets, yay Oh, this one Hello, ma'am, hello, ma'am coming Hello, ma'am coming Yeah, come on, come on Why are you making that? Oh, ma'am, come on So you like this market, Adi? Yes Why? It's big, eh? Did you expect it for this small... What would be thought of a small place Did you expect it to be so big? No, it's not always supposed to be a... Yeah, we really didn't know this market was so huge So this lady also sells... What are you selling? I'm making extra tisings for you You're selling this Lupe a rapper Mama Mama Lupe a rapper Huh? I'm not sure what he says So translation follows Yes, people make a Lupe a she sells Oh yes, I would love to Yes So we have decided That tomorrow something or this we can be going to Something like Lumpia, Spingrow So we have been very good and make it Lumpia So but the kids help, the raya helps So we're going to eat it The front of your face, the front of your face Oh, unless you come running To Tally's Icy Boon, you got to eat this And I'm serious, you are welcome Oh Would you be interested in meeting us? We are considering We are going to have a bell So we can see best to tell for sure We are going to have a party Okay, we are going to help the lady sell Lumpia Oh, you're going to have a man Oh, I thought I was from the lady Look for your rapper Spostale Look for your rapper Spostale Malik, yeah Malik, yeah Malik, yeah You're buying a palitna Super rapper palitna Yes, hey, help me man Because Malik is not earning anything Palitna, Lumpia rapper Who's airs? Palitna, Lumpia rapper We're learning a lot today Palitna, for sale Lumpia rapper, Palitna, Lumpia rapper Okay, now, the best thing is Tagalog and Kisayah Lumpia rapper is Tagalog or Besayah So who says we don't speak Tagalog or Besayah Oh, Besayah Picture, all right Picture, picture, Bed! Bed! Bed!