 If your channel is over or alive not listening, then wish it wasn't a good idea. I'm happy. Even if it's serious but easy, there are reasons to forget about it. I would be happy if we don't вп upon the case with lost memories. I am not just and go if there is only next day is my trip. Hello? The journey through the sea of hearts for Hanyoung v.옯흔 catalyst service I hope you can think about it. Yes. 18 Philippines. Pfft. So I'm traveling today to this country called the Philippines. And the country's tagline is it's more fun in the Philippines. The taxi to the airport fun. Pfft. You were excited. You were so excited. It's fine. Pfft. Pfft. Who is the hotel? Welcome to the Philippines. Check in at your hotel. Buy me the dog. McDonald's? Yes. But the dog is different from me. It's different taste. There's a special menu. What's the name of the Philippines? It's aember. Alright. Keep it in the Philippines. More fun than I thought. By drone and my entire wallet It's a bad idea It's a bad idea Thank you Thank you Thank you I said last my wallet And Lee, you went after me Yes, why? I'm just sharing my goods So, you gave me my phone I want to be a waiter I said I'm a waiter I asked one, two, three, four, five, six, seven people And then I meet this guy What happened to you? He takes me in, buys me food, offers me his home It's the only thing I can do That's 1 minute, it's the world Thank you It's very... How many times? Wow. I think it's going to be expensive. So when you're in college, you're going to have a lot of money. Right. Isn't it because of the brand? It's 1.1 million won. Right. It's very good. It's a movie in Dongdaemun. Right. It's a movie from the island of the Philippines. These islands are gorgeous. But watching it from your phone, you will get bored after 5 seconds. So let me tell you what makes this place incredible. Above water, it's heaven, or earth, even when there is no sun. But it's not just what's above the water and on the water, that's beautiful. It's also what's hiding underneath. You have the gazillion small fish that love you and the gigantic fish that does not give a damn about you. There is a Japanese... There is a Japanese knife on the fire. I think there are a lot of fish here. I think this is a very natural place. That's why it's way... What is it? It's so beautiful. It's so impressive. 3. Is it a flower? It's a ball-key. It's so beautiful. It's a flower. It's hard to see the fish. I think it's because of the fire. I think it's because of the fire. It feels like a thousand dollars of water. It's 3 to 5 years. That is deadly angry. It's better to go to the water. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. That's me on. That's one minute. See you tomorrow. For the past five days, I've always stayed in the richest bar of the Philippines. It's so beautiful that all the Philippines look like this. But it's not. It's only one cab right away from here. You arrive here at the trash mountain. Where people live in such extreme poverty that the air is unpleasant to smell. But this isn't just this area. 25% of the Philippines live under the pool line. It's incredible that under the same city roof, you can launch like this and dinner like this. Green stuff coming from the ground means it's beautiful nature. In this case, it means there's so much trash and a pile on top of each other that it formed a mountain where actual people live and plants start to grow. The country's tagline is it's more fun in the Philippines. But I think a more appropriate one is it's more fun in 75% of the Philippines. I said it before and I'm going to say it again. The Philippines is cheap. Which means you don't need many dollars to come here and see this piece of beauty. But it also means you don't need many dollars to help them. It's so cheap in here that we can buy this burger with me and all or 20 sets. 20 sets. And for that price, you can buy 8,000 of these burgers without breaking the bank. And in a place where people are so poor that trash forms an actual mountain. You can form an actual mountain of food. I'm happy. I can't do money, so I'm enjoying the game, so I can't do it. I'm happy that I can't do it. I'm happy that I can't do it. I'm happy that I can't do it. There are so many babies. When I was in the Philippines, that was when I was in the Philippines. But it's all in the Philippines. It's all in the Philippines. It's all in the Philippines. I think Kim is a lot of subscribers. Kim is a lot of subscribers. In the Philippines. Bye, my friends! That's what makes me proud! Yes! Thank you. I think it's a big deal for me to be a fan of that person. It's good. It's cool. The first day was so big and I was so nervous that I couldn't even go to the gym. Yes. How did you like it? I think so because it wasn't a great team for me, but just Par Люem, how do you think about playing basketball and how did you like it? How did you overcome your destiny? I did travel in a certain way. I could do that. I thought so too. But many people helped me. I was very surprised. I still have a warm mind. I can think of it. I was in middle school with a fan. I was in school. I was in a lot of trash. I was in a lot of trash. I was running around with my kids. I was playing with them. I was running around with my trash. If you like our videos, press likes, subscribe, and comment please. Thank you bye!