 Welcome back to my channel. Welcome back to my channel. Remember doing a live video one time and someone suggested that I should do a video of me asking or interviewing Filipinos asking them about your first impressions or how they feel when they see foreigners for the first time. So what comes to their mind? What are they thinking? How do they feel? Do they feel it's immediate and all that stuff? So yeah, so that is the video you're about to watch today. I was able to you know, interview some people asking them about your first impression whenever they see foreigners in the Philippines for the first time. Just so excited because they all had amazing views, you know, and amazing yet different views on what they think about foreigners when you see them here in the Philippines. Do you... This was a on the sports question like I didn't tell them I had of time that I was going to interview them and they were like, it was on the sports. Whatever they say is what they really think and how they really feel when they see before in the Philippines. So I hope you enjoy. Hello, good morning. Can you tell us how do you feel or was your first impression or what comes to your mind when you see foreigners in the Philippines for the first time? When I see foreigners coming here, the Philippines for the first time, I usually think of I think they're coming here for either the vacation. Okay, yeah. Education. Yeah, that's right. Thank you. Thank you. Tell me, Barbie, what do you think about foreigners? What do you think when you see foreigners in the Philippines? How do you feel and what do you think? Tell us. Okay, so when I see foreigners in the Philippines, Philippines, I think they are crazy and funny and sometimes scary. Are you amazed when you see them in your country? Yeah, of course. Even though they are scary, there are still some of them are still funny. Oh yeah, that's right. Thank you. Hello, good morning. Okay, can you tell us what comes to your mind or what's your first impression when you see foreigners in the Philippines for the first time? If I see them for the first time, I think they're here for vacation or someone go here for education. That's right. This one. I thought it was a giant thing. Yeah. Because a college in the Philippines is kind of a secret. Yeah. And at the same time, they go here for vacation because we have a lot of tourist spots. That's right. So it's more on enjoying and learning at the same time. That's right. Thank you. Hello. Good morning. So tell me, what do you think when you see foreigners in the Philippines or how do you feel when you see foreigners in the Philippines? Hello, good morning. What I feel when I see foreigners in the Philippines is I am interested for what is their life, their culture, their value. Yeah. And I think that in my mind, they are hospitable. Oh, thank you. Hey, okay. So tell us, what's your first impression or how do you feel when you see foreigners in the Philippines? When I see foreigners, I think they're rich. I think because of how they dress. Yeah. So you think they're rich, okay? Hello. Okay. So tell us, what is your first impression or how do you feel when you see foreigners in the Philippines for the first time? I actually feel kind of bad because. You know, the Philippines has a long history of a colonial history of many nations, you know, colonizing the Philippines. Yeah. A kind of relief that other people, you know, are learning about this culture, like, about the Philippines. Yeah. Most of all, enjoying this whole country, the country has given us. Yeah. So overall, I feel happy. Yeah. Glad that foreigners are coming in this country and that's all. Thank you. Hello. Okay, tell me. So what comes to your mind when you see foreigners in the Philippines? Sometimes I feel shy to talk to them. Really? Why? Yeah, because of the language. Very. But maybe because they're different but in a good way. I'm just shy. Thank you. Hi, Tita. Hello. Okay, tell me, Tita. How do you feel when you see foreigners in the Philippines? Yeah, I'm so delighted because I know that there's something that they love. Why they come here? Desray. Desray. And I'm so delighted. That one, to be their friends. Wow. Thank you, Tita. Hello. Okay, good morning. So can you tell me, was your first impression or how do you feel when you see foreigners in the Philippines for the first time? For me, for the first time is maybe a little bit shy. Okay. And then nervous to speak. Yes. To talk to her or him. Yeah. And then, mix up and mix up and then things. Yeah. Yeah. And then, when I knowing her or me, yeah. For the long time, maybe because we be friends. Yes. Yes, that's my impression. Yes. Thank you. And okay, tell us. How do you feel when you see foreigners in the Philippines? How do I feel? Yes. I actually feel intrigued and curious. Like, okay. Oh, why are they here? All right. I'm there up to I have to show them the Philippines. Okay. There's studies. Yeah. And where do they want this? Here, the Philippines. Okay. They just want to know their story. Oh, this nice. Thank you. Okay. Hello. Good morning. So, can you tell us how do you feel when you see foreigners in the Philippines? Oh, when I see foreigners in the Philippines, obviously our first impression is what kind of race is the person in the Philippines? Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. If we see people like the color, yeah. If we, uh, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, yeah. Yeah. So, if we see people that are white and white, our color, yeah. We assume that they are Americans. Yeah. So, in after a long time of knowing them, you get to know them more, yeah. Or more deeper, and you get to have a connection with them. Yeah. For a long time. Yeah. You can actually see the difference between the races and the people. Yeah. You get to know them. Exactly. Thank you. Hello. Good morning. Okay. So, can you tell us what was your first impression or what is your first impression when you see foreigners in the Philippines for the first time? Every time I see foreigners in the Philippines, including when I first saw happy and here in church. Yeah. My first impression was, oh my goodness. I have to speak English. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Thank you. Good morning. Please, can you tell me how do you feel when you see foreigners in the Philippines? Uh, I'll feel great. Okay. I just see different kind of foreigners. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. How great to you. Yeah. That here in our country. Yeah. And proud. Yeah. Uh, to be with you. Okay. And uh, to be in one, uh, to see you in this lovely church. Thank you. Thank you so much. Hello. Okay. Tell us. So, what's your first impression or how do you feel when you see foreigners in the Philippines? Whenever I'm at, uh, strange foreigners. Yeah. I will, I'm always curious about their nationality. Okay. And because, um, they might come from a mixed race. Yeah. Yeah. And also, I'm curious about their full stories. Okay. Good morning. Can you please tell us how do you feel? What is your first impression when you see foreigners in the Philippines for the first time? Um, my first impression when I see foreigners for the first time, um, so far, I'm so happy to see them. Yes. They visit the Philippines. Yeah. And they all we welcome here in our country. Yeah. Um, we're so happy our Philippines knows. Yeah. Welcome them and enjoy our different places here. Yeah. And, um, um, have them to eat Filipino food because it's delicious. Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. All right. So please, can you tell us how do you feel or what comes to your mind when you see foreigners in the Philippines for the first time? Um, for me it's amazing. Because they love the Philippines. Our daily experience, our country. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you so much. So much for watching. Thank you so much. I hope you all enjoyed the video. I really wanted to interview more people writing out to them maybe later on next time I go to the Philippines. But honestly, I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you. You got to know what your views are and many more. So yeah, thank you so much for watching. If you haven't subscribed yet, please do make sure you hit the subscribe button. I love you all. I hope you're blessed here.