 Morning boys! Morning! Spartans! Nice one, eh? Alright, we're gonna try something. I'm gonna go into the water and then we're gonna release Jake and see if it swims out. So that's a new test. You wanna come Jake? You wanna come here? Just wait, just wait, just wait. Okay. Come here Jake, come here. Come here. Come here. Yes? Yes? Yes? Come here. Come here. There's a little bit... Okay, my GoPro went out of battery, but... He was motivated, but a little bit scared to get into the water. So, is that initial jump? Whoa! It's okay. Shhh! Shhh! Shhh! What? Shhh! It's okay, it's okay. It's okay. There you go. This is giving me... This is... You make me go. You boy. You boy. You can go. You can go. You can go. Yay! More, more, more! This is... Three, four. Four. Four. Four. Yay! Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Yeah! Oh my gosh! Three, four. Yeah! Four. Four. four. Four. Four. All right, let's have a breakfast. We've got some leftovers from the 1kg, 170 pesos. Palampan, dragon fruit, the province, best you can get. Simply just squeeze it open and you have the whole piece right there. So damn good. And I believe this is also called Miracle Fruit, right? Why? Probably because of the health benefits. At the red boat. Yeah. Red. You said one, someone. I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little A little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of Adda got you ready? Hope you完蛋! will you get some! Marcel'd be ready! Oh boy. Now you got the ready, Me. Oh boy.写 Meeting Whoa my mom is passe. l'Ove its Ye qualitative! Oh My God!デlevant. That. Freefer.de rén is pretty quick Laf natural.. looking former Beard Blavored, like real! and IL FF&L Geb Alright, we're gonna go jump into the water because I'm helping out cheerlead with swim suit line and we're gonna be taking some cool pre-diving photos already We're gonna snap some of them earlier here and we're gonna be using these strokes These are gonna give the best flash underwater, giving it a little bit more clear and sharp images So, it's gonna be first time using this free diving Now, it's not easy because it's quite heavy, thick, but it's just gonna make us a better swimmer's out there So, let's gear up, put on some suits because I don't want to get sunburned today So we're gonna be fully decked to protect it We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes We're gonna be using these strokes Welcome to my favorite video I'm Mena! No, Sや泰にはよく ちおり袋を弓ってないで Ik ima kagasaka Can't hold back my hand ... 경地そんな娘しました Let's go. A good cry I'm esp bad A good cry I'm going to walk in today's security level Since I'm on tour Wow, successful, a lot of fun First free time In 6 months, power 6 months Yeah, getting used to the camera here again Learning a little bit We've got to rinse out this old water of course Take a shower and then we're going to get our lunch We didn't even have breakfast yet Alright, we are in the town proper of Allegria And it's basically my first time to go check out anything here We were recommended this place Kapide Metoli So we're going to catch our lunch over here And I put some shirt on because I'm beginning sunburned Quite easily Nice place Hey guys, nice place Just got to remember to say no straw But once it in, you're too late That's refreshing We got about 35 degrees Celsius It's got a chilly mild temperature today 2pm, we haven't eaten anything today But we've done a lot Ooh, that's alright Hungry? And super hungry That's really good Not too sweet And the pork balls are super Alright, after this meal, just go check out the town Alright, made it to Allegria Market We're going to be checking that out for the first time I need sunglasses Give it to me Oh, that's good 55 guys We found 50 pesos glasses Yes 1 kilo Okay, so we made it to Allegria Heritage Park This is like the town center The municipality hall is over there Everything is closed by What is this? Let's find out What's tower built in the 1800s During the Spanish regime in the Philippines This historic structure was used to detect the device To warn the locals from invading pirates And moral raiders For slave trading in the Malocios That is cool history I'm like this promised town summers right now Small, cool, super friendly people here Life is good Look at this beauty Oh, I read You want to see Jake? Okay Alright, it's 3 pm now And it's 35 degrees Celsius here in Allegria It is blazing So the boys are a little bit tired And they're not as active as they've used to And a lot of people that think Pitbulls are very scary And yes, of course, if they're not trained properly But with the bones That are our trained They are the sweetest ducks you can imagine You reach you, huh? And they're getting along so well, guys And I'm so happy that Jake has playing very well He's such a good friend You know, I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy Man, what a sunset that was Still going down, but The rays are behind the clouds Those rays were gorgeous But this time around I want to go to the locals See what they're catching Ooh, it's difficult to walk here in these mountains Oh boy, this is getting messy Look, red is following me Right there Hey, guys Hey, guys You catching the snails? You find snails? No snails today Okay We're going red We're going red Good luck, see you, Arjuns Hey, guys Hey, guys Can I see what you guys catch? Snails Or shells? Or shells? Is this oyster? What is this? Yes, this one This is oyster, right? This one, oh, ping Oyster, many ping, no I'll give it Different kind of It kind of looks like one It kind of looks like oyster, but it's a shell Yeah It's quite big, nice one, nice catch Okay, red, let's go back No Red Red, come here Yeah Go ahead, red Yeah, go ahead I got a baby sitting for a little bit Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're going to walk soon You just got to follow me Okay You see holes all over the place I guess they're picking up shells from there or something Ah, see Arjun I got to check out the field of that Wow What? You see the sky behind you, Arlin? It's a pinky It is glow-wink Wow Ha Silly foreigner, silly boy Walking with the beach without the Spartas Buong Nice see I don't think you can see anything, but Summer run there Anyways guys, we're going to go inside Shine a light on it and try to get those spikes out of my foot Phenomenal day, phenomenal free diving here If you're coming to Alexandria, highly recommend going to Alexandria Dive resort, that's where we are right now And from there, you go straight out to see those beautiful statues Super unique, never seen this in the Philippines Besides Mother Mary, of course, you see her all over the Philippines A lot of times they use it for protection against illegal dynamite fishing So they put the statues there of Mother Mary to protect the reef and ocean But also here, you have one as well Buddha and the night one I'm not quite sure exactly what it was, but super unique And apparently there are more statues out there that we can go check out And they're all in a place where there's been sand And it caused not been damaged or anything So it's super cool, super unique And yeah, I can't wait to jump in there again to do some more photos This is amazing guys, I'm loving life here in Alexandria And we have a lot of places to discover and showcase And upcoming days for weeks Thank you for watching, until next time Peace out Hello, we're Dive, did you miss Jake Jake?