 Wow! Exactly what I said! It is just unbelievable. It looks like a private jet in a van. Incredible. She is this very, very hard-working person. The service, everything that she has. What's up, Philippines? It's so good to be back. I took a little break here on what's up, Philippines, because I've been busy with a few passion projects lately. But the good news is I am back. And again, and today I am reacting to a video of my favorite Filipino artist, which is Hot Evangelista. So today I am reacting to a video of her showing me, showing us the inside of my Primera class Mark Baumgartner band. Okay. Yeah, I'm super, super excited for this one because I reacted to a video where she shows us her closet. That was quite interesting. And for me, it's fun to watch how the lifestyle evolves around and what it is about. And yeah, this is an exciting one. Are you guys ready? Aloo, Aloo, it is hard and welcome again to my YouTube channel. Hi, how are you? Today I am going to be taking with me on this really nice tour of my van. I got a lot of messages from people that would always ask me, can you please make a van tour or something that they were always curious. So just before we enter, I just want to share that a few weeks ago, no, a few months ago actually, I decided to invest on this van and really have it pimped up because it is kind of central to what I do. But I'll be... Okay, quick break. First of all, how does she look so pretty at all times? Like all of her content is just like she looks perfect. I love that. And second, it is a big thing in the Philippines to actually have a driver. So in case you're not familiar, a lot of people have drivers in the Philippines because traffic is hectic, it's really hard to find parking spots and driving yourself is kind of like intense. So I really understand her intentions. Explain later because I know you guys are so excited and we don't want the very very long entry because I know you guys want to see what's inside. But before anything else, straight to the point. Shoot! That's it. Those are the best. Come on inside. Come on, let's go. Let's go. Welcome to my home. Wow. Fourth, pala. Looks like... I don't know, like I have first class seat. Wow. Oh my god, the heart. What's my van? The van, the naka artista. That's the usual. I've always loved having vans because of the nature of my work. We always have like long hours from four a.m. sometimes to 12 noon the next day while going up in Chobis. That's how it was. Although in the set, we always had tents. But I was always very shy to you know, mingle with a lot of people and sometimes you just want to chill. Plus I always had dogs with me. So I always had a van. It came in different versions but I feel like this would be one of my best vans because it is the more mature van I would say. Okay quick break. I know artista friends of mine who told me how it is on set and she is right with the long hours. I have friends who are on set for like 16 hours and they basically sit on the floors sometimes. There's no luxury. Everything looks very glamorous. Of course with the end result but the reality is that they have very very basic conditions I would say. So good for her for you know leveling up on this van. Where she can just go back, relax and probably get some work done in between. So yeah, kudos to you. It's actually a collaboration with like good friend Mark Bob Gardner in Romero Classic. They really did everything for me because Mark knows me so well. So all of my needs, all of the necessities are here. Wow. I'm a normal day. Panda always goes there but Van Goethe bed. Thank you so much. This is where I sit. Usually. I love that they have a galaxy that you could play around with the colors whichever and how whatever your mood is. But it's better when it's nighttime and you turn off the lights. It looks so good. It's a really cute divider. I never had this just an FYI because I'm super friends with my driver and my guard. So I never had a divider but I think Mark thought that they like the whole like feel so when you say kuya, june po ako bubba sa hanto. Ah, they're the last. So extra. But it's a fake because they technically hear everything. So if I'm on the phone, I'm like, there's also bluetooth, tv, there's a DVD player. I usually have this table. I can eat here. But I usually put my bag here because it's a nice velvet tray. But then you can see it has a lot of things. Chara Panda usually sits here, shooti on the other hand. Ali Gagat, Tongsi shooti. Whoever makes eye contact with shooti, Dinsha Papa Tong and he always jumps out of the freaking van. Just like Chacha, my other dog who jumped out of the car and he now will put on some of my artiga's extension. I have solved the problem. But bubba sa new van, I thought this online. It's just attached to the seatbelt and he just put this on shooti. Good idea. Washing choice but to stay there. There's so much more here at the back. You have the whole like salad. Just usually sits here at the aira. Jaka is usually like a sleep here, Ganya and I usually do my glam at home but we do the retouch here. So you have so beautiful. That's so beautiful. That mark made sure was there. You also have this really nice laminate wood. We wanted to feel like you were actually traveling and you're on the plane. Yeah, that's what I said. It's a barang airplane. So they always travel. We wanted to maximize the space. You have all of this stuff for me. My essentials shout out to take routes. I have your kioships. You also have the dog colors here because they're always with me. Here you have my closet. So I always have like shoes with also like some jackets that I like to keep. Just in case it was a bad day but I had to go somewhere. I have my extra jackets. You could also put it here actually but I just wanted to go instead. It's really nice for me. The AC is unbelievable. It's strong so I always need a jacket with me in this car. It allows me to need it but I'll be going to make hands. I'll show you the chairs. The chairs are actually super cool because again we wanted it to be some kind of like a business or first class feel. Exactly what I say. It's just it's unbelievable. It looks like a private jet in a van and I'm just blown away with all the finishing touches with the bright white, what is it? leather and then the finishing touches and it's so beautiful. Such wow what to move in there. So I'll show you the chairs. Why not? Basically I have the adjuster here but I personally like using the screen. You have the adjustment of the back. Move forward. Go back. This is something I really wanted and I hate this. Look at the reaction. Is it massage? Be a bit. So I love this because I love sleeping in the car. I don't know why. I think it's the motion or something whenever I have like long drives or what I enjoy it. If I go to Baguio or like wherever I kind of enjoy being in the car because I fall asleep I feel like I'm like a baby. There's also massage by the way. Dependent would you She is working super super hard and I can understand that she takes some naps in between. So I would do the same. Yes to massage. Like pump up, deflate or circulate. If it was sharp there's also my favorite food. Is the heat. Yes so you can heat your chair. So a lot of parts happen. And the We don't really use this here. The Philippines is a magnet but we don't let me get to I always keep this on. So there's gear one year two or three years. I usually go for three years. We never know how to do it. And I love it. It relaxes me. I love heat. I love the sauna. So basically yeah this was very essential for me. You know I start work at 3 a.m. in the morning. We're usually on the road by 435. Wow. So for my glam team and the people I work with we do work a lot and we wanted to make sure that we have at least eight hours of sleep. So this was definitely something that I needed. I grew up in Vance because of my work but this is definitely a van on steroids type of thing. It is. I also want to shout out to Mark thank you so much. You know me so well-eated all of this and also to the premier class for really being patient with the smallest details like the gold trimming. Yeah. You also put like a refrigerator. You know water bottles in there. Every detail of this car is appreciated. You have the quilted seats because of the Chanel bag. I wanted it to be very simple. I love it. Yeah. So that is my van. It's a short vlog but because you guys want in it to see it and you're so curious. Cisa Vola here is my van. I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog. This has been hard and I'll see you again for another one. Wow. Wow. I want to move into this van and just have a drive and riding me around. That would be so nice. Yeah. There was such a nice insight into her life. Everything that she does is just incredible. Like she is this very very hard working person. The service. Everything that she has. She seems to be super kind, super down to earth as well. Yeah. I love it. Wow. The finishing touches are just wow. So hot. Yeah guys if you enjoyed this video please give it a thumbs up. I am back on the reaction video. So if you want to have me react to some certain type of content please leave me a comment down below or click the link in the description box to leave me a link and I'm happy to react to it. It's alliance with some sort of like entertainment fun education history about the Philippines. It's the right thing. And if you're not subscribed yet please subscribe, hit the notification bell for the next one here on what's a Philippines. Bye bye.