 Are you happy? I am happy, I am happy about it. So you are happy about everything? Yeah, the house is nice. And then it regrets so far. No, no, no. Does it hit that spot? That spot? It hits too hard. That spot? No, it hits too hard. No, for the apartments, for every other services, are you satisfied? Yeah, do something. What do you want? I did that spot for you. Yeah, they give me the market. I have a meal in stocking on every day. Yes, yes. Best agency for now. For now? Yes, I live in that. Best agency for now. Thank you so much. Oh, okay, we thank you so much. So welcome back again to another video. If you are coming up, was this channel for the first time? Vector Hogg. Welcome to No Street. Thank you guys. I hope we see it currently in the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I do the Philippines. I give you reasons why it's one of the best places in the world to study. And we do every other thing in Berkeley. Find a reason to smash the red subscribe button and join the family. This online is so fun. I really want to say thank you so much for all the support. You can't just dislike the video. Thank you for following the videos. I appreciate you guys so much. Hello, please, in today's video, I'm going to Manila to pick one of my students. He is coming from Nigeria to the Philippines to study in Narsemi. If you have been following me, it's no longer news that I'm one of the surest agents in the Philippines. So if you are looking forward to coming to the Philippines or sending your children or child or words to the Philippines for studying, and you need an agent, you need someone to help you with the admission process, feel free to send a DM and, yeah, be sure to get that done. Surest's agency, I am telling you. Anyway, lovely, so for my agency, I hope it's securing an admission for any candidates that is interested in coming to the Philippines for studying. I also hope in househunting for them, I also hope them to settle in, like, I make sure they settle in. I take them to the school to get them enrolled in school, and aside from that, I was far as showing them basic places they need to know without them going to much stress. That is expected of people or someone new in an environment. I can't as much as possible, my agency can't as much as possible, so make them feel comfortable. I go ask for a ticket to the markets to the mall, anywhere, like making sure they settle in, and all of those good stuff. So, I don't know how much they will pay. So, if you are interested in bringing your work, like I said, 5 free to send a DM, yeah, like, this is my candidate that is coming, I did everything for him. Please make sure to watch the video to the end so you get the full full cheers of what my agency did for him, the services we ran that to him. The way also here is from his own mouth, if he is satisfied with that agency, or not, please do also watch the video to the end. Thank you. So, I'm right away talking like we have all night. And I don't know, I don't know if I said this right, no, I don't know, I don't know, if the day's gone by, this little moment is easy, it's feeling alive. Every now and again, I trace my steps back to then. Oh, oh, oh, more than feeling, it's all that I need it to move on, it's a feeling, it's all that I need it. The mission of the moment um.. Samson Design See there, that Detet工廳下, a RA gloss, look, we can still see there. The smaller, the bigger. It looks like a Catholic, like, I don't know, I don't know what he is going by Searching for the moments on my little last 25 I'm heading down to our godsit Semina 3 There is a misogynist somewhere I am at Semina 2 instead of Semina 3 It's my first time just sitting for my Grab to our right so I can go meet Semina 3 Semina 3 I'm going to grab the right one I'm going to grab the left one It's all that I need It's all that I need It's all that I need Hi, good What's your name? Yeah, good Yeah, good, I can see Yeah, good It's a little bit Oh, we don't know what to speak to him I'm Sanan Is that the wrong airport, Pa? Yeah, I was supposed to go to Semina 3 But you were in your team 3, Mila 2 Yeah Thank you, family Yeah Who else likes your car? Ah, I like it Kindly 3, Mila Okay guys, I'm here to pick him up Oh my god, I arrived in Manila on time but I don't know When I got to Manila it was raining If I know, no, when I got to Manila You may have got to Manila But a few, just a few minutes after I arrived Manila Still raining heavily like heavy rain So I have to wait Before booking the grab Only for me to arrive at the wrong airport I don't know why I made this mistake It's not the first time I've been to Like the airport to pick someone Other in his ticket, what they have is Semina 2 Some of the reasons I came to Semina 2 And they said they changed already to Termina 3 Termina 2 is for International International arrival But according to what the security man says Streetly 4, Philippines airline So right now I'm heading to Oh my god, it's dark already But it's just Queer hours the time Is it so 7? So 7, 32, that's it's already And I arrived Philippines I arrived Manila Past 4 Yeah, past 4 Around Yeah, after 4 Those and I arrived Manila So that Oh, you're so good And get him now, I'm already exhausted I hate it when it rains Especially when I'm traveling or going out I hate when it rains Got you guys later So, um, that's him Because it all comes to the Philippines We are here already, this is the Manila 3 Arrival No, not a lot, that's just That's no problem, the other one is for his friend Oh, we cannot park You're going to get a car You're going to get a train I do call your mom This is Say hi Oh, I see this in the face You stressed me to do This was not the time I let you Before this mouth that shout to To our parents No, no, no, no, no Wait, wait, wait Is it okay? Okay All right Nice to go, put this mouth that shout to That is one Yes Oh boy, you see this guy Carrying Oh my god Yeah A fan behind him Take it, he's going to Take it, he's going to What do you guys Manila, you're in Manila here Okay Bye This is the time to park Are you scared? Can we stand here? Oh What do you mean? Have you called your mom? Yes, he He gotded Now the tea this is the first time that we've been trying to She is the racial servant of the First Star! She's whoeverot confirmed this. We'll go and try. That was the message was mage talking. So much later that the old narrator got tired of waiting and they had to hire a new the next day. So, like if I get changed I'm very afraid of doing it. It's very, very hard. I'll just say I'm afraid of you. I'm very afraid of you. Come, let's check this through. I'm looking for a spoon for you. That's this spoon thing. You know that time for long spoon. But, we're not afraid of the next day. That one I guess is just a few questions. What I say to a hook? The side is open. The color is open. So what have you said now? I just think it should be the one of these. You want to put it in? Hey boy, you are wrong using it. It's not me. No, it's not. You can't use it. You can't use it. You can't use it. Quick and again. Your fingers are so sharp. Thank you. Hello friends. Do you even have seas relaxed? It wasfrom max. I got something very inside. Derek's charming morning. Of three guys right now in recaptures with Integrationittsr how are we going to go now? Together, each of us After, let's go and come and check the store. Which one is more durable? It's more durable. Durable, durable. No. Yes, strong but cheaper. This one is cheaper. This and this one is better. Did you like this dance room? This is strong. What's that? This one is better. Yes. Really? Yes. Why do you say this all-astric is stronger? Yes. And it's cheaper. And it's cheaper. So can you check this room? How do you do it? You have a stock? Yes. How do you get from the carts on the inside? Yes. This is the one we'll get? No. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Let's go. Let's go. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. Consuelant. We're just moving. We are trying to test the gas tank. We're sitting on mine. We're in between the good and bad. And the chips are better than expensive chips. But if you drama one song, the chips are better than the one. The chips are smart, but they are not. So it really thinks it's like chips. It's a very strong one. This guy. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Are you sure? Are you sure? I just want us to buy this. It looks okay. If you buy it, you can put some on like this. Yeah, but we'll be tested. Who are you? Yes. Why are you testing? Is your mind there? Should we check it? We should leave it with some dust. This is the empty one. You're not in the past season. Not the same. Fish on the wall. Oh boy, it's really, really hot. I'm making money. How many people are there? How many people are there? What's up? Just a little bit lower. My mind's getting a little close. Sorry, I'm not in my life. I can make it full. I feel like so be found in the pocket. We out in the crowd feeling all big. How's the money in my life? the first month you packing you will not pay me you consume it after one month before you see no you are talking about it we are once again we are once again it has no gates there is gates, which one has gates can we have the one that has gates? this one I was saying that this is more is a hodogoo can get things very expensive it depends on what you want you are not getting it you make your choice, sir so we don't need gates, what do you need gates for? is that your gate? okay is that your gate? well this one you can fix it and it starts working do you need this if you want, mom, pass it yeah, we don't need it it is his job as a student, he is managing we don't need gates, we are not selling the gas but that's okay, right? does this have the nuts, to nuts it's the nuts you are laughing many hours later so, it's going to be a minute or two it's going to be a hour otherwise, this is the room well-re-know-waited he's painted already and he fixed all the fixable he fixed this already sorry I forgot to make a video of this before they started with the... will I call it the notification before they started painting this one was out before this, I'm cutting it and door was out but it's been fixed already and... sorry I'm untouched this one is fixed good to go this is fixed, good to go so, these are the things with bus these are the things with bus so, what are you telling us? do you like your... your room? I like it yeah? I like it you like it, don't you be kind I like it so, this is the area so, this is the room this is called a studio type room you have the toilet, a bathroom yeah? toilet, a bathroom so, you need to think this yeah? there's a door, a door this is the most this is the most so, the only thing is hi hi give me a hand hi so, you like your room? it's nice, you're welcome I think this place is nice it's beautiful it's beautiful it's beautiful really, it's beautiful so, what do you have to say to my viewers? I have to say, in general wait, it needs a lot of shout it's not good for a good people if I do sit here, or to if I want to call I had baggy school I had baggy school so, you move into baggy, are you thinking of food or food? yes, it's not good in any way and then, chips is always strong chips is stronger than expected why do you say so? it is super-match, it is super-match life is better it's like life life in the gupponis but, you know, the type of living in baggy is very high just like you living in Manila, which is the capital city which is very high too well, you being in the engineering you know the exchange rate is very high so, you have to use your numbers to say come to here, you know you can live a comfortable life I think, yourself, and one thing in baggy, when you are you know that yes, your money is not coming away next week, you will pack from nothing baggy that you pack too he don't understand they don't get it it's not just by fine, like now, I told Gives a Ball Someday I said this baggy, adaptai, burakai, palanwa yeah, it's a boom all those areas, if you want to visit them you can visit them during your package that's what I say people, they don't want to visit them during your package, you can just visit them spend one week, spend three days, four days, five days I'm going back to the same baggy, but I'm talking in your life he's just the same, he's just the same he's advising you to come back he's only to be, not only to say I want to live in, I want to live in palanwa I want to live in baggy, oh, so why would we, we said that you were only making we need a cost of three days, yeah cost of three days, right? imagine the rule, this guy spends for how much come and tell the how much is this, your specials what do you think, and what are you talking about? say it again what are you talking about? I don't think you get this kind of space for that amount of money, that you don't buy new things, you don't see this one I saw you guys buy it you will see, you will not see you get this kind of food, you say, for this amount of food, you say, I want to come back for this amount of food I want to come back, how much is my money? all right, all of it, this is basically so far, so 75 to keep, you see, and now you graduated already, congratulations I didn't graduate from the university let me see, please, congratulations, please wow, congratulations so, do you like it here in the Philippines? do you like it here in Dago Bans? yes, why didn't you go to Manila? much better here, sorry? much better here, a lot of traffic and manila also, it's a little bit expensive you see, that's all you see? wow, so you perfect here in Dago Bans it's pretty simple right? I love everything you need so, are you playing off taking master? wow, also, sometimes you can't afford it, you can't afford it what? the master is what? you can't afford it wow, you usually change the Philippines I don't know what to do for work sorry? I'm gonna go back home and make a work I know, I know all of you guys just can't know what to do for you you go back home already for work, that's good you know, it's dangerous so how do you study a master's program? actually, I have a plan, I have a brewery, so I just have to go back home what's your name, bro? Mustafa, Mustafa Mustafa, welcome to my YouTube channel say hello, you guys hello, everybody hello, everybody alright, thank you yeah, I'm a blogger no, not really is it bush, is it bush, is it bush, is it bush? I promise so this is a lot of things is it, is it a village? there's a village you can't ask me is it bush, is it bush, is it bush? it's a bush are you shy, no, it's village people demand ask me is it a village, just place, I don't see it looks like a village I don't see it looks like a village I don't see it are you happy? yeah, I'm happy, I'm happy about it so you're happy about it? yeah, I do, I don't see it look thank you for working I miss our north routes the house is nice, I'm glad and then it regrets so far no, no, no, just eat it as well do you eat it too much? it's not as well so for the apartment, for every other services are you satisfied? yeah, I do think so what do you want, I did this thank you, I have been working in the market I haven't been working in stock in the next year best agency for now for now since I live in there, best agency for now thank you so much okay, we thank you so much I tell my viewers love these videos, share it and subscribe we'll see you next time guys it's almost, it's almost sexy and I'm going home now I just see what? okay, that's the 7 already so we are not staying in the same area so me, I'm heading home I'm going to my own side now if you want but if I'm long gonna buy tickets just get some evening can you enjoy it yet? yeah, of course, you're only the best in the evening right? thank you, let us see your mother will watch this video thank you I'll send it to your mother do you have a crush already this one you are cleaning your face because I mentioned I'll send it to your mother I don't know 9 minutes if your mom sees the video another person your crush will see it's a video oh my god, so guys we are trolling I'm heading home you are seeing me off to where I will get a cheap knee to where I'm staying yes guys, I'm exhausted already because of this guy but we send us for every need so thank you guys for watching our catch you in the next one bye see you guys bye bye bye bye bye