 Hey! Look at yo, it's like stacked like horrible! Those are beautiful man. Bro, if I was a kid I would be so frightened. That is so cool. Some of the biggest festivals in the Philippines and to be exact it's eight biggest festivals in the Philippines. And look, this was linked to me and they said, man just watch this, you know, because you've seen many singers and you've seen many other things but I don't think you've seen festivals. And I can know about festivals because of the fact that in Brazil they do have many festivals. Well, actually one in particular, I forgot the name of it but it is a very common one that happens like all year round and it's just super cool, right? Festivals are just super awesome. They can be many different things. It can be things that you'll never expect. And so of course, I'm excited. What are the eight biggest festivals in the Philippines? Let's check this out. It's a feast to honor Santo Nino in the Philippines. What on? I love the stuff they wear sometimes at festivals. It's like crazy. It's like so cool. Oh my. Oh, is this the people in the federal planet? Why it is known as the Mother of all, Philippine festivals. At the, at Don, at the Ann festival, you have to know that's right. Do those outfits okay? It's like like key talk feathers. An annual cultural and religious festival held also on third. Sunday of January. Oh, those are pretty dude. They're just considered to be the most popular festival in the Philippines. Oh, those are beautiful, man. Oh, dude, that was sick. He changed the news behind it. They, that's so cool. Look at these different colors, man. Get the Willy Wonka feet. What really means like water per movement? It describes the forward backward movement of the Sunlogg events. Wow. It brings together gifted residents of the city and the provinces beyond the showcase their talents. That is so cool, man. Through Pagintree, street dancing sports and other acts. But they start playing a soccer in the videos too. But I know in the Philippines it's more basketball. Young festival held on the fourth Sunday of January. Dude, many festivals. We're right after the Sunlogg and see you. Can be at the at the at the festival. Is that Roos? Yeah, the chicken? The view from up top to see that it's sick. Yo, they do not mess around, man. They go off. Different tribes come together in this festival. The beach, make this is a new presentation. Boated at the best tourism event three times in a row among any other festival in the Philippines. Wow. Boated as the best. But it's also the most awarded festival in the country because of its like it's in popularity and innovation. That is crazy. Oh, that's... Does it match in in person? You know, watches something like that. I've seen festivals in like Disney and it is amazing. But like in other countries must be completely... When I got comes from the NK World meaning season of blooming. Created as a tribe to the city's flowers and as a way to rise up from the devastation of the 1990 Luzon earthquake. Man, Mother Nature, bro. The festival includes floats that are covered with flowers. That's so so beautiful, you know, like as a memorable thing, a festival in memory. And street dancing presented by dancers, clad in flower inspired costumes. That is incredible, bro. Flower everything. That is so pretty. Like birds made out of it. Aside from boosting the economy through tourism, it also helped the younger generation of indigenous people to rediscover their culture's old traditions. You see, you get in touch with, you know, discovering your cultures, old traditions. And I find that really, really pretty because it's kind of keeping history always with you. Many activities were also celebrated under the duration of the month. Whoa, this is the one that was in like a thumbnail too. Alain writes, held annually on Holy Week on the island of Madenduk, Philippines. That's scary, but it's cool at the same time. Kind of like Halloween hornites. If you've ever been any of you guys, many women and costumes and mass replicate the garb of biblical Roman soldiers as an interpreter by local folks. Wow. Participants reenact the story of Lungenus, the half-blind Roman soldier who was present during Jesus' crucification. And they replayed a whole thing, bro. They really play it out. And it's obviously from local people. The locals reenact the local story, climaxes on Easter Sunday, which Lungenus is beheaded. I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to do this. But I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to do this. But I was a kid. I would be so frightened. So we can, this celebration start. Yo, he look dope as hell. You You That's so cool, man. Look at that house on the right with the, the That's amazing. Every year tourists roam the Municipality or man, I don't know how to pronounce. To witness the decoration of houses. Municipality, right? Bro, don't worry about me right now. It is a cultural, so this is a cultural religious celebration in Tyler, Doc Lohban, Basin, and In Brazil, when they do the festival, too, they have a lot of like feathers and things like that and it's super pretty with dancing. The festival also showcases the beauty of its people by organizing a beauty pageant called Miss Teen Pintados. In annual festival with highlights held every four Sunday of October in Baclor, Philippines. Hey, look at yo, it's like stacked like four of them. And this is sped up obviously. But I guarantee, bro, in person is probably like a beauty to see. So many people synchronized. It is the happiest and most colorful festival in the Philippines. Wow, wow. The term mascara was coined in English word mask, meaning many or most of the beautiful people in the Spanish word gara, meaning phase. Yeah. In Portuguese we say gara, sua gara, your face, gara, something the same. Since it is a prominent feature of the festival, they're always adorned with smiling faces, giving rise to Bacolod, being called the city of smiles. What? Oh, I would love that. That is so cool. Things like this make me genuinely like more excited to be able to travel to the Philippines one day in the future. And honestly, festivals are a beautiful, beautiful, and I mean really beautiful thing to witness. Because I can see here in like, for example, I talked about festivals that I've seen, whether it be from Brazil, or I can see, or I've been to festivals as well in, in Disney, for example. And it's so, so beautiful to be there and witness it, right? But I can only imagine the beauties that you would see in a different country with these cultural things that they incorporate with it, whether it be like, it's also annual. I mean, Disney is too, but that's not the point. My point is like, I can guarantee the differences in how dope it might be. The sounds, the music. There's so many different things that you kind of have to be there to really, really experience it. But this does show it, you know, at, you know, face value is very beautiful. It seems color-fired. Guarantee the music is probably just boom in there. Everyone is having a blast, and I guarantee to the food. They probably sell them the sign, too. Probably delicious. You know, bro, I don't know. Like the festivals I've been every time the food on the, the sidelines are so, so good. Maybe just me, but you guys can let me know about that. But one thing I know for sure is this is so, so cool. And I love that there is festivals there because now that's another thing on the bucket list of when I go to the Philippines, what I will definitely 100%, 1000%, be looking at. I, so yeah, listen, I just want to say thank you. So, so, so much for watching. I really do appreciate it, ain't. If you liked it, leave a like. If you loved it, subscribe. If you want more, let me know down in the comments below. And yeah, until next time guys, peace.