 Welcome to a foreign in the Philippines. Good evening. Right at 10 o'clock here. Really it's bedtime. I'm sitting here with the company of my cat, Golden, haven't I? I don't know whether you can see. Is she in the picture? Is she? There she is. She's suffering because we've been, she's been on her own all day because Beth went to, went to Sabou and I was out all day. So she came up here I think and she was at our house that wondering where we were. Now she's doing her performance which is rolling around. I've got to have to show you this. So what what are you doing? What? She just left. She has an identical twin who is a male and the male is very standoffish but this little girl is so affectionate. So she started ignoring me now. Hey you started this. Didn't you? Did you? She's been jumping up on me and she leaps from the fourth floor straight onto my t-shirt or shirt and then she bites my nose and gets down again. Well I think that that's all that we're going to get from Golden which is not really terribly riveting. So I'll go back to doing what I was doing. Okay so what was I going to talk about? Well I thought that as Beth has just come back from dealing with documentation and the processing of documentation I'd let some of you know. Now I was talking a little while ago to someone who is actually planning on getting his girlfriend to America and he was naive to the point of well disbelief because he had no idea of how difficult it can be and apparently it is getting more difficult to get into America. Apparently and I'm going to give you an anecdotal information here so you need to go to the source if you can and get a straight answer. That then itself would be a miracle but it's actually not as easy as it used to be but that would be another another video and it would require a little bit more research on my part and I don't have it right now. So we're going to go with what I know from just from today. Now when Beth and I got married we did a few trips on trying to get documents settled, notarized, authorized, I had an old Volkswagen which the documentation was incomplete on. Well that was back before President Deterty came in and started saying if you're planning on being corrupt you better watch out because I'm going to get you and so people were more corrupt and we were advised we went up to we took the ferry up to Manila and then from Manila we took a bus up to Magalacat which is where the Volkswagen was. My ancient Volkswagen. What I did was I made the mistake of not having a CR which is a certificate of registration and it has to be the original. So yet to have certain documentation and and Philippine this, Philippinos can be quite difficult on this. They will shunt you off in another direction is what happens. So we had trouble there because we didn't have proper proper documentation and Beth went today to get her passport. Now you would think that that was very simple wouldn't you? I mean if you try together a passport in in other countries it really is fairly straightforward as long as you have the most simple documentation. Now why is it not simple in the Philippines? Now my experience is it's not simple in the Philippines because not everything here is done by computer. Now anybody who uses a computer and that must be most people in the world right now. Anybody who knows will know that it's very easy to correct a mistake but if you're typing all-fashioned remember that people used to type letters. Well they're still doing that here apparently. And so in some offices they're they're typing stuff out. Now what this lays them open to is typos and a typo is not simply a matter of sending the cursor back deleting and putting the right letter in. It's not as easy as that if you're as old as me or remember that you use that white paper. You stick it in behind the type where it's going to strike straight on the same letter again it whites it out and then you write the right one in. Well it's a lot easier nowadays but there are still places where that's how things are being done. When we bought our bike, our motorcycle we went and signed up for that. It was typed out on an old clanking thing where you put your finger down and press it down and you need a strong finger. So Beth has been there. Now mistakes always go back and back further and further and further and they usually are because of typos. So you'll go there and instead of it saying let me see instead of it saying blogs it says blegs. Instead of it saying leg it says lag. Instead of it saying push it says push and it gets unseen it gets pushed out. Now here's the irony in the Philippines is that that becomes your mistake. So here you are. Mr. and Mrs. Smith. Instead of Mr. and Mrs. Smith or Miss Smith your Smith and instead of being born on the 22nd of July you were born on the 22nd of June. Well Christian names are misspelled, surnames are misspelled and you get these incorrect items on important documents but the thing is they're very very small to your eye as a non-professional but the people who scan documents all the time their eye is trained to pick up on these incorrect points. So you might be Gloria Smith in the first few sentences and now they go along and now they know that they're they're dealing in with Gloria Smith and then down the law it actually says Gloria Smith and I say well this this document is no good you have to take this back and get it corrected. Now when you take it back to get it corrected instead of them saying oh terribly sorry about this. Well they wouldn't say terrible sorry what they are terribly sorry about this. That would be in London wouldn't it. But they say to Filipino equivalent or terribly sorry about this that will be X number of pesos to have it corrected but it was your mistake. Yes but in order to have it corrected that will be your expense. Now how can you argue with someone who is a government official? I know someone who argued with a government official when he was in the Philippine embassy getting some document that he needed and the man behind the counter took a dislike to him. Now this particular guy was obnoxious anyway so it wasn't really surprising but that's not really the point is it. What happened was he's in the end the guy said well you're you're you're wearing shorts and we don't have a lot of shorts in here or he just invented he said well here's a phone here's a phone number call this phone number and they'll help you. Next the man instead of going he stood there and he took out his cell phone and he dialed the number and the phone that sat behind the man that had given him the phone number rang and he then went over to the counter and said that's the phone number you gave me you know so he won a big victory there which ended in the man saying I'm not going to deal with you I don't like you and that can happen here you get someone who's really really upset by your attitude and you're not getting anything done. In the end several security guards came over and persuaded Mr obnoxious to leave the office and that's what happened. Now it wasn't right and the way that that was handled in the end is the man Mr obnoxious gave somebody that was outside that was some kind of pre handler said look I need I need this and I've got to have it here's 200 pesos or whatever can you get it for me and the man says sure certainly he said just a minute and he walked out he walked back into the office that's my cat's butt and he walked back into the office he went over to the same the same man and so we need to have this so there it was stamped and sent out and it could have been done in the first place so attitude is everything right so you have to make sure when you check documents that they've been spelled properly now here's the rub with filipinos and that is that for some strange reason birth certificates are not accurately filled out might be the wrong date on there it might be a wrong spelling of the name which is indicated by spelling it correctly in another part of the document as I explained so you've got to fed it these mistakes out and handled them straight away so when you go up there if you're like me you just go and you assume people are going to do their job and then you walk away and you find that they don't so you need to go up and if you are a carol smith make sure that at the bottom you don't you don't become carol smith that's a good tip and it might save you several journeys which if you're on the island of Behold and you have to go to Saboo to do this you'll be thanking me for that make sure that all of the documentation that can be corrected where you live is corrected long before you ever need it because if you believe that you are planning on going to America to Germany to any one of a hundred other countries the filipinos is where you start and you need to have correct documentation so this is a foreigner in the Philippines I hope that that has helped by for now