 Whats your name? MYA OBRIGINAL QPP Somedays Hahah, hi Ray Bonjour Welcome to LA Good luck Eh 해 At 100 degrees Pretty rough, lady Lastly Ahh Ay, you gotta talk a lot Take care Eat He's heading down to Brungan City, but actually we're gonna see him tomorrow anyway, that's our plan to go there, but he's just gonna head tonight so he can get a bit of comfort and Do a little bit of work. He's just some stuff. He has to do and obviously out here on the beach There's not much signal and stuff so Good luck to him the meantime. I'm going to my scooter to get my camera so I can show you what we're gonna have for dinner And I love this Brunger. Look at it. Oh bye Bye Bye Are you guys? Are you guys? I'm okay. It's such good vibes here What's up boys? What are you doing Bibo? Is it Bibo? Bibo Bibo means like I just love like five people Bibo, Bibo, when do you guys have to be boy? What's going on? We're making food fire for this. That's a tuna, no? Two kilogram tuna. How much was it, Jundy? The tuna? 240 pesos. Wow. What are you guys doing in here? We're gonna make it fire again. What is that? You got carabal meat? Yes. We're from. Wow Wow All right, bad carabal meat. Let's lean. Have you had it before? No. Dude, it's really good to stick it not much fat on it. Carabal? Yeah. No, it's actually really good. You don't like poor little carabal. No, no, no, no. Poor little sweet carabal. It says the guy who crushes Jolly. He can't eat anything over time. He's a guy who can't eat anything over time. My life fact that we only have the prize of Jolly. Are you serious? Cool. Okay, I was trying to find that. Brother, man. Where's that cookie? What? Where is it? Where's that cookie? No way, man. Look at that thing. That is fresh, no? Oh, he smokes. Beautiful. I love it. We got octopus. We got fresh tuna. That carabal meat. That's going to be our dinner tonight. It's going to be interesting, right? Brother, boy's cook. What are you doing? Sir. You go, sir. Right. But I'm going to go running where you guys go. Oh, you got some? No way. 100 pesos. 100 pesos for all the sound? No. I can't because I'm cooking. Okay. Jolly has sacrificed himself once again for the team. What's in there? Kuyla. Kuyla? Is it okay? Yeah. It's still not boiling. It's still not that. Okay. Kuy, kuy, kuy. And this is the one chance. Sa... Sa... That was cool. I should have never knew you could do that for some. You can do it every night. You know what I'm doing? Prefe... Daddy, you're going to work out with me, sir? What are you going to say? You're going to work with me, sir? Okay, we're gonna do a quick workout and then we're gonna show you the beach show you the surfing Jammer Jammer Jammer All right me and Dan are gonna work out and show you the beach have a good time Yeah Sometimes you realize all you do is eat everything and drink everything And you see some sort of positive thing for your body And in this case It's at the beach So subscribe to our channel for six pack secrets by Pulas and Dan Dan soy Working out on the go You go Go Dan Come on Dan Yeah punch those two nail ass Come on Dan. So why are you what are you doing? Splendid Just laying the rice in the banana Yeah Because I'm gonna use the uh A little for Disadvantages Oh she needs a She needs a space Go in this hang Yeah Pali I'll take one I'll try one oh I was walking out to the beach I have to you that after work I well, I well I wrote okay here ya don't we're gonna go Uh I'd love to hear Thank you, so love that! Say it's gonna be okay Cause this winter is so long, it feels like it's hot day late Say there's gonna be a change Cause I feel like I'm just holding onto yesterday But if I wait till the summer If I wait till the summer Oh oh Even when we turn the summer Summer Oh But if I wait till the summer Summer Oh I know we won't be better Better Oh Oh Oh I need the truth Should the prize act with the prize One for night, one for night A word in place to fool Everyone that is alright One for night, one for night This has got to be seriously one of the most beautiful places I've seen in a long long time And that's saying something because I've been everywhere For me this place is just vastly beautiful Look at the rainbow You can see the steam rising up The foam cause the waves are coming in so often And I've mastered Pacific Ocean It's humongous, not a power is coming in And it's such a good feeling for me cause There's a bit of nostalgia here Especially considering From Ireland, the Atlantic Ocean is so vast And this really does look like a little bit of Ireland in a tropical country No white sand at first You can't be like this, but it's just nice to see a vast ocean like the Atlantic Ah Ah How you feeling buddy? Good So beautiful you know? Yeah So beautiful Like a wine It's the pink vanilla sky and oh my god This is unbelievable beautiful And the waves are so hypnotic Beautiful place I'll be okay Cause this winter is so long Feels like it's haunting me It's haunting me Say there's gonna be a change Cause I feel like I'm just holding on to yesterday But if I wait till the sun will rise Oh, oh, oh It'll wake up from the sun And the sun will rise Oh, oh, oh Wow, that was a really incredible evening Powerful evening This whole area of the Philippines is so powerful This gives you so much appreciation for nature Just awesome, what a day Okay, I'm gonna head back now, get some food See what the boys finished up cooking And relax We've been on the move, move, move, move Roughing yet Haven't even seen myself in a mirror I don't know how long but My heart is full Power on Getting darker, it's getting spooky in here What's happening? It's insane You're pulling out the sang We're pulling out the sang We're pulling out the sang Look at that sang The best Show everyone sang Yeah I wanted to grab it so you can have it Okay, the smoke is getting me in the eyes right now Oh my gosh, this is a property kitchen man Ugh Music Music Music I'm actually listening to this right now I'm like, you're allergic to the air What? Those are gonna eat the sweet I'm just gonna eat the sour Who's allergic to the sweet? Man, come on You're allergic to the sweet and the real life We're eating food, we're finally gonna be on So take a look at this Yeah You can't even tell about it That is kabaw sabao, no? Kabaw sabao What's that? Kabaw sabao One Saang Saang And Shenz Let's go Yeah Saang, you're too same grace Yeah Thank you boys, thank you for the hard work The next thing you should make something easier in your soul Yeah, it's good to be That's how you really cook this It's not easy in cooking Yeah No way It's easy, huh? Good food Easy? At good food It's raining outside I'm still in my hammock Good morning Morning, Frey Morning, Frey Frey Good morning Good morning Good morning, good morning, good all day Frey, I know about you But usually when I wake up in the morning there's two things I do First thing, I put my head back on, I haven't done yet What do you think the second thing is? No, it's actually cook a pucho and a sagging on a grill That's a daily routine Yeah Wake up, make it Everyday Pucho and a sagging? Nice On the grill Cool I've actually never seen a pucho and a sagging on a grill in my life It's a good skinny loud Gidee loud, that's how you do it That would make sense C-B-C-K And pancakes Pancakes and pucho and a sagging Only in the Philippines Philippines Pancakes and pucho and a sagging So, the boys brought The boys are going to do this Okay good But I think Dan really wanted to do that this morning Yeah, it's definitely the one that's going to do it If there's anyone that's going to want to take good What is it? Okay good This time Dan didn't sleep in the house Dan You would like to take a good this morning? You would like to take a good? What? We need help, we need help, we need help That's a good good You, Dan, you must know what I'm going to do It's your favorite thing, Dan Sleepy Okay, are you ready? Look at the comfortable What is that? Start on the side I'll be going to the other side Oh, I'm going to try one one Ben, run time, Ben What's up in there? What's in there? No, Ben, run time I already tried, man, I'm good This is the one that I'm good You're not good unless you can't good You then you'll be bad good shit But get that lead, you can just do shit over here Hey, what? Wake up It's a beautiful day, we got some coconut to stripe along Whatever you can just triple up You can sit on the side You know what the song that you know? I can't do it Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh Day 17, baby Come a little hard Day 17 Day 17 I said it didn't have that hot. Brad, did you have a cup of water? Me? Yeah. Oh, water and banana. Water and banana. Okay, that was your morning? That's your morning? Okay, I was going to say I felt bad I was drinking coffee. He's already doing cap-git. Anyways, back to cap-git. Thanks so much. Are you done? Yeah. Dude, that was like one minute. That's incredible. Honest update, what's happening is, oh, what are you doing? That's fish. Big Eit de batte. Fish paddy? Yeah. No, this is the fish we got for free. Yeah. Who got them for free? Eko? Really? They just gave you free fish? This is the vibes. And this is the thing you don't see often. Everyone thinks, it's only the foreign guy. It's treated really nice and whatnot. That is not true. If you're a respectful, nice human being in the Philippines, people treat each other great here. These guys here. Just got given a bag of fish. Right? Yeah. Just for the heck of it for no reason? Yeah. It's a free. They just, the fishermen here just gave the Filipino guys free fish this morning. A lot. So they just wanted to share the love. Yeah. That's so cool. That's so nice earlier. Yeah. So they're really. Oh, that's the one? That's the one? That's dope. So all the locals just gave the boys free fish this morning. Now, you are turning them into egg-y pancakes. Yes. What? This is why you don't make the cook angry. Seriously, why? What are you? What are you trying to eat for breakfast? What are you trying to eat for breakfast? I don't think we're going to work at all. We're going to always drive in the race. Get him. Charge! You're going to get punished. I don't think we're going to work at all. You're really pointy, man. I'm going to get punished. I'm going to get punished. Francis is really a cool guy. Thank you. He's a bit bit. He gave us the coconut. He gave us the banana sauce. I'm going to get punished. I'm going to get punished. We're going to get punished. Let's just leave it. Let's just eat. I'm going to get beat up if I say that. Stop waiting for rice. You can never say that when you're with the Filipino brocada. Bro, stop waiting for the rice. You're just going to be the end. Look at the rice. Rice. Rice. Let's eat. She's getting in. Pancakes. You're so excited. You love pancakes. I do. You don't have to stand. It's all sugar. You know what? I don't care. I'm going to be a vlogger. Sleeping vlogger. I'm a sleeping vlogger. I sleep at different hours. I'm just trying to take a screenshot photo. But everyone's making fun of Dan for being a sleeping vlogger. I slept less than you guys. That's not true. You're doing great. I respect Dan. Dan is doing great. I'm so good. I love it. I got it. I got it. I'm going to get it. Put it in the side again. Extreme fish pancakes. Real pancakes. A double of cookie. You need it already. Just good vibes all around. Let's see. It's a double of cookie.