 Hello beautiful people, how are you? I'm Mogandangabi and Maliga, I'm a music game news. I'm Ovela, your host, I'm Ovela and today we'll be reacting to a different kind of video, okay? The title of this video is for Lopinos or the greatest crowd, alright? Between parentheses, it's written at the Southeast Asian Games, artistic, gymnastic finals, alright? So I'm guessing we're gonna see how Filipino crowds react to, you know, athletes, right? Alright, I personally know that Filipinos are the best audience, okay? Because I've seen them react to, you know, people singing on stage and in this case I'm talking about Filipino artists, right? Man, they are very, very supportive, so I am curious to see how they react during a sports event, alright? But before we start, please consider following me on Instagram at music, game, news, and without further ado, let's get to it. Oh, gee! Oh, God! Hey, that's awesome, you know? You cheer even if they fail. Failure is part of the journey. This video will show you why I think Filipinos are one of the greatest sports crowd in S.E.A. Games and in the whole world. Let's check it out. Here you can see how they react to fails and fall and how they appreciate every achievement of the athletes during the finals of man's artistic gymnastics horizontal bars event. Please note that I do not intend to highlight the misfortune of the athletes rather, I'm going to make this video to share to everyone my personal experience and delightment on the reactions of every Filipino crowd during the event. Alright, please enjoy watching this video. Sing the poor. Okay. Wow, look at the judges. Man, these athletes are amazing. I've always been in awe of these athletes. The strength of everybody's strength, man. Wow. It's like magic to me. Oh. Wahoo. Haha, appreciation. Hey! Acknowledging it's not bad. Yeah. Malaysia. I think when I think they have to land and not move. Yeah, if they can land without moving, I think they get more points for that. Like a perfect landing. Man, these sports are so scary. Oh, shiice! Oh my god. It's supportive crowd. Boy, you gotta be careful. You gotta encourage them, man. Yeah. Is the athlete going again? Woo! That was so much fun. Come on, you can do this. What arm, yo? Ah, yeah! Okay, the landing was so, so. But it was a beautiful choreography, you know? All right, who's next? I'm guessing they're gonna finish with Philippines, right? Indonesia. Let's go. I'm always so scared for these athletes. But, you know, they're professionals. Wow, love it. Woo! Okay. Ah, the speed, the speed is gonna jump. Boom! Woo! Yeah! That was a beautiful landing. But his choreography was not, I don't know. It did not wow me, but his landing was great. Singapore again. Woo! Do you know how much power you need to be able to do this? Wow! Holy moly! Oh my god. See, that was beautiful. He took a risk. Woo! That was gorgeous. Oh, if this guy lands perfectly, that would be awesome. Sorry. All right, speed, speed. Oh! My favorite so far. That was gorgeous. Hey! Singapore in the house. That was fantastic. Vietnam. I wonder if we'll get to see a Filipino athlete here. Good luck, buddy. This guy is shorter than the other ones. Woo! Oh my goodness. All right, he seems okay. Woo! Oh my gosh. They have multiple attempts, right? Woo! Hey! You can do it, bro. Yeah! Cheers! Support any encouragement. Yeah. Okay. Man. I have to hold my breath, man. Every time they release the bar, because I know how dangerous this can be. Yeah! Nice. All right. All right. All right, speed. Woo! That was awesome landing, man. Let's see if we can get to see a Filipino athlete. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. I don't need to look worried, but I can't help it. Wow. Woo! That's beautiful. Oh yeah. Wow. Look at him. He's an artist. He's an artist. Oh! Oh! Good. It looked like he was floating. Wow. Really awesome. So far, I really liked Singapore and Vietnam. Wow. Philippines. Let's go. Where's the Filipino athlete? Where you at, boy? There he is. Cheers, let's go Oh man But you know even if he messes up they'll still support him But hopefully you will nail it, you know on his first try Oh Oh man, oh brother, oh brother. Oh I thought it was already he was already done, but no wow that was fantastic Come on buddy come on buddy come on That was a perfect landing Good Good wow The landing was just hmm he barely moved Yeah, come on, let's get it. Oh Yeah, first try nailed it. Oh Another Filipino no Indonesia, okay Yo the Filipino killed it and I'm not being biased Oh, oh, oh, God. Oh, that would have been beautiful Yeah, like I was saying I'm not being biased honestly It was just flawless At least he landed properly even if he messed up Man, I'm genuinely afraid for these guys Let's go let's go Voice Kaya Moyan you can do it. Yeah You Is he gonna attempt them move again or not I Guess not No, oh, oh, yeah Oh At least he tried you gotta you gotta give him props for that Thailand No like this Come on Which is your touch oh, okay, it wasn't perfect buddy. Cut it Wow Oh Okay, wow I honestly had no idea that I was gonna enjoy this video this much You know, I actually enjoyed watching the Olympics this year and who knows maybe one day the Olympics will take place in the Philippines You know you never know This was awesome this was awesome and yes, yes, yes, the crowd is supportive and is cheerful and it got respect for the athletes You know, but honestly that wasn't the best part of this video the best part of the of this the video The best part of the video was watching all these athletes make and create these you know Impossible moves man. I have so much respect for these artists and I'm always always constantly afraid for them man You need to have balls seriously to do this kind of stuff Because the slightest wrong move could be fatal. You know what I'm saying? So it's ooh, but to be honest the Filipino Nailed it, you know the first attempt was just beauty Full I actually want to rewatch the Filipino one, you know and I will watch it after I'm done with this video But that was awesome and you know like I said at the beginning of the video I already know that Filipino crowds are very supportive. So I honestly wanted to see this just to hear them cheer a little bit And to see the sport wow I love seeing this you know there are so many sports in the Olympics that I actually enjoy watching I even enjoy watching Synchronized swimming. I think that is beautiful. I have no idea how they do that, but man Um, there you go guys. Let me know in the comment section below your thoughts on this video But I'm not having salamat but you guys are the best as usual take care of yourselves have a great day Stay safe and I will see you in the next one peace Thank you for watching subscribe here and please like the video to show your support and appreciation for my work And turn on the notification bell to be boxed for future content. Yeah