 Baa Baa Baa Baa Baa Baa Baa Baa Baa Baa Baa Baa Baa Baa Baa Baa Seriously? Come on man. So the whole conversation is baa baa baa Depending on how many bays you add into the conversation when you say baa baa I know what you saying Baa What's good job isn't the mishats react and we're back with another video who we got today see today We're back with another American reaction super excited about this video guys. We have not shared anything about Filipino culture and Dang alongside Oh, you like Right before we got break what yes So Super excited about this video guys if you need to us or do to you make sure you scroll down hit that subscribe button and turn on the post notification Well, cuz we're on the road to 100k and we cannot get there without you guys all right join the family without further ado Let's get into the video if you don't know anything about Asia the Philippines is like the jolliest of them all They're just happy fun jolly people and you know what? It's been three years. I'm not taking this anymore. I've been pushed around I've been threatened. I've been thrown at the dungeon. I've been the butt of all the jokes. I'm a Filipino one. This is my Well to the Philippines my turn Okay Hey everyone I'm Ken and as you know I'm half the Lupino years ago I was looking for a job and I saw this ad asking for a motion graphics animator on Craigslist Paul and I literally met up at a jolly Be for my interview he said I was his top three candidates in reality. There were only three candidates that applied So technically I didn't lie, but yeah the other two people kind of suck so yeah Oh and back then I had this weird mustache and Paul's hair was basically this thing Ken and I have been talking for a long time and we agreed Ken definitely has to be in this episode You've come so far from that Craigslist jolly being interview you've earned this thanks and Anna Maximula The Philippines is an interesting country because they're sort of a dichotomy between labels If you ask a Filipino if they consider themselves Asian or Pacific Islanders you might get contrasting answers What do you consider yourself Ken? I always thought Pacific Islanders sounded kind of cool So I usually stuck with that. So first of all the Philippines is a tropical archipelago over 7,000 islands about 2000 of which I'm habited and it is a lot of island nation without any land borders or shared island territory with another nation The country is located in Southeast Asia straddling the Philippines Sea in the North the South China Sea in the West and the Suloo and Celevis Sea in the South just to skip away lies the island of Borneo which is split amongst three nations At the closest point only about 22 miles or 40 kilometers away from the nearest island that belongs to the Philippines now in general Many people will refer to one of the three main island cluster regions that people are part of There are La Sohn in the North where you can find the capital Manila and where the half of the population lives Visaya in the center and mid-the-now in the South otherwise the nation is made up of 17 regions one of which is autonomous The Bangsa Motor autonomous region of Muslim Mindenau this place has a high level of self-rule and autonomy Appointed by the government will explain more about this later if you want to be absolutely technical Guest and city a bit north of Manila is the largest city in the Philippines However, the surrounding 16 towns and cities by Manila are called Manila Metro for the national capital region And they basically act as one unit otherwise the largest city outside of the NCR are the Vals city in Mindenau and Cebu in the Bsias Manila has the largest and busiest airport Ninoi Akino International Airport Which is basically the hub that services the entire NCR they also have the busiest shipping port at the port of Manila Otherwise the second largest airport is Cebu Maktan International and rounding out for third place is the Vals city Francisco Banguay International In terms of land transport though the Philippines is well connected amongst the islands In fact the longest highway is the Pan-Filippine Highway that stretches about 3,500 kilometers across the country And connects La Sola, Samar, Leet and Mindenau with Underground Tum So basically with these three airports you could just fly back and forth Or you could just travel How old can I say? Yeah, I want to admit that I was dead as that's not like a day drive Going over the sea Three airports in the midst of this whole... yeah that's a long ride That's a long ride I was connecting them Finally the Philippines has only two territorial disputes The state of Sabah in Malaysia on North Borneo The territory ones have been part of the Sultanate of Sulu a Muslim state that existed the 15th century to the 20th century And that's a whole lot of story As for the others dispute as we mentioned quite a few times already this whole area known as the Spratly Islands is a complete mess If you don't know anything about this place it basically goes like this It's so big! Yeah, it's pretty crazy This is the map showing what everyone claims in the area This big one right here is China's Like yeah they just kind of pretty much went for all of it This has even led to a few skirmishes between nations that have built patrol stations on the islands And when they spawn a ship that gets too close, things can get kind of ugly It's kind of like this Hey hey hey what are you doing? This is my area I'm just doing some vision and research here you know Why do you have a shovel then? Are you building something there? There's no land, a protruding from this reef so there's no land to claim So you're just gonna build your own land for research Anyway, here's a couple spots of interest Fort Santiago, Magellan's Cross, Zanagustin Church, Sagada hanging coffins Aguilando Shrine, Safoo's Philippine Tower's Temple These are hanging coffins We're going flat past that like what? Why we have hanging coffins? Bets, coffins, hanging... No I don't know what I'm thinking about Like you guys are seriously sitting back and being like, yeah, you know, we're gonna put some coffins inside of a cliff and just let them hang there But we got fill them first, they were gonna put the coffins inside Unless this was a request Unless it was a part of land and the part of land fell in the sea Come on, you can't be serious Seriously The land fell off It's crazy So we just had like a clip of a... Yeah, it just fell I'll stick with that one Crazy I mean, you got a coffin inside of a cliff so I definitely would... I'm gonna go with what you're gonna do That sounds alright Shrine of Mama Mary and Tagaytai The Lapu Lapu Shrine Luneta Park MacArthur Landing Site Vanauy Rice Terraces Malacan Young Palace Vegan has many historical and colonial buildings The various national museums of history and arts Tons of amusement park And that's not even including all the natural wonders of the Philippines They have an underground river The most amazing fields we've just been in the universe Those that look like lumps of chocolate And there's an island in a lake In an island in an island We should hang out sometime Yeah, when you have some 1000 tropical islands on a volcanic archipelago Chances are things can get pretty crazy landscape-wise Which brings us to... Oh, man The actual physical land of the Philippines Is the biggest treasure you will find here for sure Anyway, the Philippines lies on the ring of fire And is specifically on a tectonic plate named after them The Philippine Plate And about 95% of the land is made up of the 11 largest islands The country was essentially formed through the tectonic activity between the Philippines, Manila, and the Mindanao trenches The Mindanao being the second deepest in the world This makes the country susceptible to small earthquakes and minor volcanic accidents Oh, no! About 53 active volcanoes can be found in all of these largest islands except for Palawan The most famous and picturesque of these include these three See this island here? Camiguin? It actually has more volcanoes than towns on it Seven versus five Making it the place with the most number of volcanoes per square kilometer in the world What's that? In fact, the tallest peak in the Philippines is a potentially active volcano Mount Apple Located in the south Mindanao area The country has numerous mountain ranges and highlands that dip into the fertile valleys The largest range being the Cordillero range and the north Bluson area Hooking into the Sierra Madre range on the east side Which feeds the longest river of the country, the Cagayan, that flows into the Cagayan Valley This valley along with the Central Lison Valley are the largest arable crop lands And produced nearly all of the rice in the Philippines The Pisaas are known for growing the most sugar cane Whereas Mindanao specializes heavy in coconut and fruit production Back in the Sondo, you can find the largest lake in the country Lake Laguna de Bai, which is actually in the Caldera of Adorment volcano The lake has a weird detached island called Talim And is actually drained by the Pasek River that flows through the capital Manila And finally the country is the heart of Typhoon territory They can come at almost any time of the year The nation will experience on average Erquakes, volcanoes, tycoons The island is out of the lake, it's out of the island inside Philippines, what we got going on? Too much Too much This is scary We got rice on one side A whole bunch of bamboo in the middle Some of the world's greatest coconuts and bananas I'm just telling it, I'm like, man I don't know Now, we have always lived in Hurricane Territory You just never know where the hurricane will come and do But Typhoon? I watch the movie of a typhoon happening I don't know where it was But an American family had got lost in it Because it was on vacation Man Oh, crap It does damage About 20 of the turbulent storms annually which often flood to their many river systems But yeah, if anything, Filipinos are the most cyclone-adapted people on earth They're used to it, the water has always been kind of their thing Swimming, sailing, fishing Just not exactly quite diving into it Otherwise, the Philippines is one of the 17 mega-diverse nations on earth They actually have the largest level of marine biodiversity in the world Within their waters and the highest rate of animal discovery on the planet With 16 new mammal species that were discovered in the decade They have everything from the longest snake in the world, the reticulated python The largest fish in the world, whale sharks Seven of the eight known species of giant clamor found in the Philippines The world's smallest hoofed animal, the Philippine mouse deer The mouse deer The largest eagle in the world, economically speaking The Philippines has considered a newly industrialized nation It is transitioning out of becoming an agricultural base system to a service and manufacturing base one They have like three of the top 10 largest malls on earth Ooh, just you wait, I'm taking the top spot soon They're one of the fastest growing economies in Asia And as the 34th largest economy in the world, their GDP purchasing power parity has surpassed the $2 trillion mark Basically, the Philippines is definitely becoming a key power player in the world stage It's like We're so rich, we're healthy from the 80s Someday, we're one of the world's worth though Mining, fishing and agriculture are strong industries as well They are currently the world's largest nickel in Abakab or Manila Hemp producers And the second largest coconut producer after Indonesia Tourism though is another important industry taking up about 8% of their GDP and playing over 3 million people And now, food! Now in the Philippines, every region has their own specialty and culinary strange Every dish looks like a fairy exploded Lots of dishes you can eat comakayin, kamayi, or eat with your hands Yeah, pretty much everything has rice and then you're gonna get a lot of grease and salt and vinegar And a lot of like, I don't care if that looks like it goes there or not, I'm still gonna eat it anyway Right Ken? Yeah, that's Filipino food There's really no official national dish But three meals that are well known for are adobo, lukbiyah, and sinegang And in the non-Muslim parts, lechon is a huge deal There are also dishes like, takalok steak, dinola, pancit, luklu, karikare, six-tig, tapsilou, balut, kini lao And my favorite Filipino dish, palabok! Just put some nice little lemon juice on it Actually got this at Jolly V If you don't know what Jolly V is, it's like the most popular fast-witching in the Philippines It's like a big delicacy It's like a big delicacy adopted a Filipino baby And they even added spaghetti to their menu for some reason Otherwise, Filipinos are dessert experts They love their ube, ube everything, ube ice cream, ube bread, ube kakes Oh yeah, okay, yeah Some beans are peen and cassava cakes, those are the best desserts in my opinion They also have hollow hollow Lechiflan, turon, buko Right now, some of these dishes we have seen are ingredients, at least, we have seen in some of the African countries So I like that, well not the purple yam but the yam and the cassava Yeah, yeah, yeah But the purple yam kind of took over most of all the dishes like, because they just added it, you can see it from the middle of the bowl Yeah, and purple looks cute Like, looks sweet Looks looks looks It looks looks, bun done And what you call me? In American or Spanish, you may notice some of those foods are also found in Latin cuisine And there's a reason for that Ah, look, the world's flying back in Now, only in the Philippines can you find people that have Spanish names, speak English, celebrate in Austrian-easian culture and cook Chinese General MacArthur once said, give me a thousand Filipino soldiers and I will conquer the world Yeah, for some reason, Filipinos are like the best friends of Asia Filipinos still have the best attitudes and smiles They even give time off felony sentences if the prisoner is volunteered to take part in a majority of the world's warring to the public Ah, but we're getting ahead of ourselves First, the graph, the country is about 110 million people and is the eighth most populated country in Asia And the 12 most populated country in the world There are about 175 ethnic linguistic people groups in the Philippines, the majority of whose languages are Austrian-easian Of these groups, the largest ones are the Tagalog at about 28%, 13% are Sibuano, 9% are Ilugano, and 8% are Bicaya The rest are made up of other groups plus a small minority of non-native citizens, mostly Asians and Americans It's important to note though that the Philippines has about 10.2 million people overseas worldwide It is one of the largest diaspora populations spanning over 100 countries, the US alone has about 4 million I mean, they were at one point colonized by the US so go figure They used the Filipino peso as the currency, they used the text A, B, and C block outlets, and they drive on the right side of the road Oh, and keep in mind the worth Pinoi is synonymous with something that is Filipino You might see that use a lot Now back to the ethnic groups thing, since there are over 175 of them, you would think, how do they all come united? Well, the Philippines has two official languages, English, which makes it the fifth most English-speaking nation on earth, and Filipino, which is the standardized version of Tagalog The Filipino Tagalog language spoken today is a very different from pure Tagalog It actually has about 14% Spanish, 10% Malai, and 7% English mixed into it with a slew of other borrowed loan words You can see the influence in words like Vinte Lador, Guapo, Zapatos, and Familia Often, Filipinos will substitute an F with a P Or a V with a B, or a V with a B Yeah, same with Koreans actually, yeah High five with minimal consonants Yay! Oh, and Funfac can taught me this in Tagalog, you can actually say an entire conversation just using the syllable BAA For example, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA No! No! No! I don't know. I've never heard that in my life! You either! Like, the same syllables just repeated! Hey! I don't know! Hey! Let us know the mystery! Like how would you know? Is it the number, the tone? Hold on let me go back because I got a clear air Hello! Please say an entire conversation just using the syllable BAA. For example, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA, BAA. Well that was fun. Otherwise in the Bessias, the Indian out area, the Guano is a common language as well as the other regional tongues like Warai and Davoano. They even have the only Spanish-based creole in Asia, Javacano, located in Javohanga city. Now the Philippines is unique in that over a past few centuries they've gone through three periods that shaped their identity. Before European intervention, the Philippines has had a multitude of early civilizations that built kingdoms and dynasties like the Tondo, the Namayan, the Pangasinan, and the Sulu Santanen. Many of these kingdoms had their own indigenous writing system, such as the Babayan, Buhi, Eskayan, and Kulitan. Genetically, Filipinos are classified as belonging to the broader Austronesian people group with their closest cousins being the Micronesians like the Mariana Islanders, Guam, and Palau. Although over the years, many people have mixed, and today it is speculated that some around one-fifth or more of the population may have some kind of Chinese ancestry. After the Spanish came in, they adopted many of the customs, traditions, and cultural traits which have Spanish roots. Their own country is named after Spanish King Philip. The biggest trait though would be the fact that they are predominantly Catholic at about 81% of the population adhering to faith. The most hipprotest in the San San Juan, the small majority in the South Mindanao area. The Philippines is the largest Christian nation in Asia, fifth largest Christian nation on earth, and third largest Catholic nation after Brazil and Mexico. They have so many holidays and festivals devoted to Catholic themes like all Saints Day, Holy Week, and Easter, and of course the largest one, Christmas. The Philippines has the longest Christmas season out of anywhere else on earth. Okay so now we're just going to wrap it viral list of 12 fun cultural facts for the Philippines. The Philippines have a ton of superstitions. For example, Whistling at Night will turn you to a werewolf. For more locations, you may see Filipinos wearing traditional barons for men and Maria Clatta or Mastice dresses for women. There are many other traditional costumes and customs for the other 170 ethnic groups. Too many to cover but it goes everywhere. From feathers, coconut fibers, hair dresses, tribal tattoos, and so on. The Philippines dominates major international beauty pageants with a grand total of 15 victories at the Miss Universe, Miss World, Miss International, and Miss Earth competitions. Basketball and boxing are the most popular sport by far. They have the oldest basketball league in Asia, and the second oldest in the world after the United States. And come on, we all know Pacquiao. The Philippines is the leading nation to train and export nurses abroad. It's been said at one point every Filipino has their should I just drop everything and become a nurse moment in their life crisis. That's a fact. Who said that joke? Ah, Joe Cohen. Joe Cohen said that. He's Filipino. And then we also had another guy that we listened to a while back on our channel was doing music reactions, Easy Mill. Yes, even though. He was Filipino as well. So we've been missing for a minute but catching up with this the history and the country is like loving it. Yes, me too. Ah, those. And the word Balik Bayan means returner or returning family. It is used when someone comes back from expat work abroad. You might hear the honor of a title of Paul or Opal for elders, and a lot of people often raise the backs of the hands of their elders to their forehead as a sign of respect and say, bless. In the Philippines, you have your name and you have your Penoinic name and they get really weird and creative. Pepsi, Bingbong, Jellyboy, Pinky, Bumbum, and Earl. Every Filipino on every island in every region can tell you. Filipinos are obsessed with karaoke. The first karaoke machine was actually patented by a Filipino Roberto Del Rosario, even though some Japanese do it invented it. But he patented it. Obviously, that music is a big deal in the Philippines. Besides taking modern cues from American pop, they also have traditional styles. Insurance include things like Guadalini, Guiletang, Yimbal, Gubin, Antogali. In addition, there are many different styles of dance, but the most famous one considered the national dance is Dineckling. A dance done between two pre-sacrificed Hitler bamboo poles that are clapped together. Squigames. Was it Squigames? I believe so. I don't think they did this on Squigames. Yeah, they did a lot of different styles. Maybe that game at the beginning was... No, it wasn't the beginning. It was sometimes during the game. They played this on Squigames. I believe. Now I think you saw this on some wheels. Now we got to go fake check. I got to go fake check. I thought it was on. I don't know, but I've seen this before. I've seen this before. It looks very complicated. Yeah, and they add people in. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well... I don't know. I don't know. The question tools and the dancers must weave their feet in and out on the spaces before getting hit or tripped. Now on a bit of a more objective note, we do have to talk about some of the controversies. The Philippines is beautiful, but if you've been keeping up with current events, they do have their fair share of issues that have made headlines. We don't sugarcoat everything here. Human trafficking, weather, and the sex industry, slavery, or organ smuggling has been a problem in certain areas. And even though anti-trafficking acts have been passed by the government, enforcement has not always been on par. The drug trade has also been a major inconvenience for decades affecting millions of people in the country. This has led to the new controversial laws instituted by President Duarte, which encouraged the public to seek bounty in exchange for hunting down drug pushers. Many have died in the process. And finally, you have the Morole Conflict, an insurgency in the predominantly Muslim-Mindenau region, which sought to take parts of eastern Malaysia and break away through Conflict. The fight has been going on for nearly half a century and now it's just ending at the turn of the 21st century. Kind of. For what is worth though, in the Philippines, everyone is family at the end. You don't have to be related to anyone to call someone atte or kooja. There's even a word by anihan, which means something like helping one another through community spirit, without expecting anything to return. In any case, we've got to finish the op-desegment with history. Austronesians. Tribal kingdoms and sultanates. This guy came to the islands. Catholicism comes in. Lapu Lapu and Magellan dies in battle. Five Spanish dudes follow through. They finally become a colony of Spain. The Galiant trade. British Philippines. And then back to Spain. The Treaty of Paris. Philippine Revolution. The Spanish American War. First Philippine Republic. Philippine American War. American occupation. World War II, Japan invades. American pushes them back. Finally, Philippine independence. Ferdinand Marcos turned from president to dictator. Marshal Law. This guy gets killed because he was against the regime. Keep a power revolution in 1986. Growth from agricultural society to an industrial one. And here we are today. And now we finish off with the notable famous people condensed. Some famous people you guys, the Pinot geography, suggested we mention in this episode include. Lapu Lapu. Jose Rizal. These two saints. Melkorra Aquino. Manuel El Cezan. Lacan Dula. Josefa Yanes Escoda. And Vicente Lim. Carlos Peña Ramolo. And all the mis-universes winners. And there's a ton of Americans with Filipino or partial Filipino descent. Yeah, because you've got lots of American Filipinos. Those two get along pretty tight. We'll explain more on how that happened. In. In. Because of the long history in the Philippines being colonized by two major Western powerhouses. It would make sense that it would have ties with the outside world in many different ways. For friends, the Philippines is generally close with all the Azean nations. And does great business with them, particularly Indonesia and Malaysia, their closest neighbors. The Marshal Islands, Polao, and the federal states of Micronesia are all cousin countries, many of which have Filipino migrants in them. And they all share the same history of being former US territories and US influence states. Of course, Spain will always be in the back of their minds as the former colonizer that they gained much influence from. Although Filipinos are not considered Latino, the Spanish and many Latin Americans kind of see them as like the adopted Asians that totally fit in their family. It's like, come on. Your Catholic, you eat flan. Every fifth word you speak of Spanish, you're basically one of us. Interestingly enough, the relationship with Mexico has historically been always strong. The Philippines was ruled under a Mexico-based vice royalty of New Spain. The Manila Gallians were Spanish trading ships, which for two and a half centuries linked the Philippines with Mexico across a Pacific Ocean, making one or two round trip voyages per year between the ports of Acapulco and Manila. And Mexican traditions were brought in like the day the dead and champurrado. When it comes to the best friends, however, most Filipinos were probably say, even though colonial years were a little bit bumpy, ultimately the USA and South Korea. South Korea was one of their closest best friends from the 20th century. Koreans are the top number one tourist demographic that visit the Philippines. Koreans kind of admire the fact that even though they were both influenced by the US, Filipino speak better English, whereas Filipino is practically obsessed over Korean products and meat. Yes, that's why I'm meaning that. For the USA, ties were closed ever since they became their colony in 1898. The US also had the largest number of overseas Filipinos at over 4 million, most of whom live on the West Coast states like Hawaii and California. They are one of the oldest Asian partners of the US. They have a mutual defense treaty and they are the largest export partner and second largest import after China. American pop culture dominates much of the youth influence, Hollywood studios love filming there and Gallup polls have shown that the USA is favored on average by over 90% of the people asked making one of the most pro-American countries on the planet. And can you take the conclusion? In conclusion, if you enter a room full of Asians, you definitely know who the Filipinos are. While everyone's so uptight, we're the ones seeking karaoke and summer solting. You can just feel the energy of a Filipino. There's a touch of Latin flavor with American pop undertones. But in the end, no matter what island, you're immediately considered part of the Pinoy family. Ken, you're one of my best friends. I love you, man. I'm so proud of you. Thanks. Stay tuned. Poland is coming up next. So he is 100% right when he says Philippines are like friendly. They're loving people. We know from our fanfile support of Basin. Yes. How you guys came in when we started reacting to a lot of videos from the Philippines. Yes, especially once we started reacting to Easy Meal. That was a time. That was a good time. That was a good time. We were staying up late with you guys. Yes. That was so much fun. It was real love. Yeah. We enjoyed letting about the Philippines a little bit more. You know, Easy Meal did teach us a lot of things. Especially when it came to La Poo La Poo and Spain, them being colonized by Spain. Yes. So that was, this was a good video. We hope you guys enjoyed this video. Subscribe, turn on the post notification bell. We haven't able to ask super things if you like to put the channel that way. As well as our joint featured soup become a VIP member of the channel. Check it out. Send in your reaction requests through our description box below. We'll see you soon. Peace. Peace.