 Let's get a ass quad welcome to a new vlog today as you can see and Raya's holding a huge bag of jolly Beacuse today we are going to be trying jolly be for the very first time I'm so excited guys. We pretty much got like one of everything they had on the menu So the receipt came up to like $60 lady at the counter taken order was kind of looking at us like Anything else anything else this better be good though because we drove 50 minutes To try this one thing I will say jolly be does have some food You know food on the menu Here that Filipino video that we did Starting off with the Isaac's favorite a spicy the lux chicken sandwich. Okay. Okay. This thing is dripping Thing that's how it looks good though. I'm not even gonna lie. It looks so good presentation Would even matter if it tastes fire give it a bite give it a bite My turn damn this looks good. Oh, it has tomato eyes. I'm like tomato sauce. Oh Bro bro This is so good that sauce is very spicy I wrote you this is not that spicy it's starting to hit okay. Yeah, I told you so you're like mad Not gonna finish it Yeah, I'm over here waiting for like another little bite at least but you're Challenge this down That's a hell of spicy Hall of pain you didn't get Oh You give me a straw please like I'm dying here's a bunching out item number two. This is what the mango pineapple drink That looks fire. I feel like that's gonna hit I love mango and I love pineapple so It's really good, but the mango is definitely overpowering. I don't taste pineapple at all We forgot to read the chicken sandwich. I give the chicken sandwich a 10 With the whole opinion is like giving like an eight and a half because I was stupid spicy you I give it like a seven and a half It was really good, but yeah, who I give this an eight You don't taste pineapple at all. No, it really is just mango. It's good though. I give it a name as well next item We got a double rice Never heard of that before so is a dough would just like the flavor well, I think it has a like bits of Let us know down in the comments Oh Five concerns Okay, okay Let me beat a judge is that's fire That's fire I like it okay my taste buds are kind of burnt from the whole of pain. Yo, this is fire though Mmm, I'm gonna give this a 10 a 10 really I think I might give it a 10 as well. This is fire We've been missing out honestly they open one near us Yeah, we know the this is the closest one and it was almost we get a franchise two-day franchise No, we have to open a jolly bee in our city we have to okay We got the jolly crispy fries all right Be crispy Says it right on the packaging And no crispy at all this is the first L of the day, but you're supposed to eat them with gravy Really, mm-hmm you dip the fries in the gravy, okay? We're gonna try the fry with I don't really like gravy And like in general are like great. Mm-hmm Hold up who thought of this that's not for me. Mm-hmm. I like it. That's for me. Okay. Now that just gave the fries a little more points They're not bad. They're not great. They're just average fries because of that. I might give them a Four out of ten. Okay, I'm giving this a six out of ten not sure what this could be what That's a spaghetti It's kind of kind of went off to the side, but interesting This is interesting. Oh, it's got like sausage in there as well I love them. I'm always to make me that one. Oh my god It's hot That honestly make it a slice of pork. I'm gonna get a good part with like cheese sauce and then the little sausage right here This is it this is the one We're thinking the same thing, aren't we this is like something I want to get at school lunch menu I'm sorry. I gotta want to be like me now. I want to get my honest School lunch No like it's not I mean I kind of see it now I didn't that wasn't what I was thinking I was just thinking the sauce. You weren't thinking like this is good No, it's it's not it's not my favorite. I'm thinking a five Next up we got the aloha burger. Okay, okay. I am not a huge burger guy you guys know this I'm gonna let Andrea Picking in there. What up? Are you guys seeing that there is a slice of pineapple in there? Hey yo That's not a good sign. So it's not good. It's just different. I'm not used to biling a burger and having pineapple in there I don't know if I like that mix of like the super sweet with like Savory it's not bad though. I wasn't a huge fan. I'm gonna give that a A six I'm not really the person that should be rating this because I guess I like you can you still taste it I don't think it's bad. I don't think it's bad. Yeah, would you rate it a six? Yeah, I'll probably agree with that. Okay next up we're going with something that You finished it Chicken strips Okay, okay, what? They smell good they look good. All right, wait is there any like sauce that we can get it with? The gravy was for the chicken strips not the fries I invented something good gravy with fries. I'll try without the gravy to get her full Is this right now cooked all the way? Okay, I know you don't like gravy, but you're supposed to try it with the gravy You have I know what gravy tastes like when I'm with jolly be chicken. I don't know the harm about myself Oh, I would say like what a seven I'm six. I think yeah, six six let's go six and a half Next up I'm craving something sweet. So we're gonna try the mango peach pie. Okay, okay These are my me of like the little McDonald's pies like literally looks am I getting the honors? Yeah, you can do the honors Hold on So crispy and it's nice and warm I wasn't expecting it to be nice and warm like that This is fire not even gonna live. I might give it a nine Last item we got the palibok fiesta Huh, what is okay? I have no idea, but the noodles look good They're the nice like the small clear noodles. I think they're called vermicelli noodles. Correct me These are gas actually looks pretty good when we tried the Filipino food. Yeah, I'm gonna grab some of this Did I do some of the egg too Take a slice of egg That's not a good sign I Say gloves these the noodles after trying the bombing noodle combination. Oh my god We literally went back to that restaurant had dinner there the other night. What do you think it is kind of fishy? Yeah, right and that's the thing that's just a personal preference. I'm not big on seafood So for that reason, I'm gonna rate it a four. Oh I'm gonna do it. I thought you were gonna go higher. It's not that it's bad I'm personally not a huge fan of like the fishiness kind of angered it off on a sad note with a four here guys But honestly everything was pretty good. It's like it's fast food and I feel like we still got some really good food That a double rice was definitely my favorite We started it off so well. We did we really did Isaac is about to finish that spicy chicken sandwich I'm going for that a double rice. So your favorite was your double rice. I think my favorite was the chicken Without All right, I'm about to finish this rice. That's good was great and with that being said. Thank you guys for watching We'll catch you guys the next one. Peace