 So, I was sent the link of a video from Facebook where apparently for LAPINOS will be singing Bohemian Rhapsody karaoke style. That is all I know, but I was already convinced to react to it as soon as I read Bohemian Rhapsody because I'm a huge fan of this song. It is potentially the best song ever. Seriously, so if you are new to this channel, welcome Maligayang Pagobaleksa, Akin Channel. My name is Ovela, I am a sound engineer, beatmaker and content creator on YouTube. And without being said, let's jump right into it. There's a karaoke thing. Around food. Wait a second, I recognize the guy with the long hair, the red shirt and the glasses. Uh-huh, I think I've seen him before, I think I've reacted to him before. I think he was part of a group of guys that sang, what was it again? You know, the friends song. Ah, I forgot the name of this song. I'll let you know. That's what friends are for, right? Yeah, that's what friends are for. Wow. You know, in most countries, you have to pay for something like this. If you want to go to a restaurant where they have performance while you're eating, you have to pay. You have to pay a lot. In the Philippines, apparently, it's free. You only have to pay for your food and drinks. Because you're going to have random Filipinos on the table next to you, you know, singing karaoke and singing well. This is beautiful. Wr This is.... eeee, the rest is... Rcs! All right. eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Or will you hold me up to make your mind climb? You'll never lie that you decided? Nice! Wow! I love the fact that this guy that's singing right now, so the guy on the left, is actually making the song his own. He is changing it a little bit. You know, he is starting to sing a little bit sooner or a little bit later compared to the original. I like that. He is trying to change his style. But he is making all the sounds there. Everybody! Woo! Ouch! Oh my gosh! What just happened? It felt like someone shot a gun or something, but I don't think so. I think it was just fireworks. Okay, that was problematic. The guy with the glasses tried to harmonize, and it didn't work. He did not sing the right note. Ah, yeah, I was a little peachy, but that's okay. Yeah, fireworks. I wonder why there are fireworks. What kind of celebration is it? A birthday or something? I did not expect that. See, this again shows how much Filipinos love to sing, and how silly they can be. Because singing words isn't enough. They need to also replace instruments. And in this case, it's the electric guitar. And he tried to replace it with a trumpet. Nice! Mama mia, figure. And zip up. For me. For me. Wow, that was really good. Oh man, that was so much fun. They hyped me up on a Friday. Yes, I'm recording this on a Friday. On a Friday, I need to relax, but no. They had to get me all excited. Thank you guys, that was wonderful. And do you know what I get from it on top of your wonderful singing? It's the joy, the happiness, and the silliness. They were silly. I wonder if Filipinos can be silly outside of karaoke sessions with alcohol, you know? Can they be silly if they don't drink? I don't know. I'm wondering because I don't drink alcohol, but I know how to be silly without, you know, being under the influence of alcohol. It was wonderful. Let me know in the comments section below your thoughts on this short and sweet reaction video. Maraming maraming salam al-Matbo. And if you've enjoyed this reaction video, make sure to watch my other videos right here. Thank you.