 I'm sorry I had a had a bowl of sweet corn. Oh my goodness. It's like I hadn't had it in a long time. Let me duck onto this monstrosity. The gravel here, there's a part out in the front of the road that I'm going to use some of this for so that when we turn in I'm going to extend our little turning area a little bit better. Sometimes the turn is too short, it's too tight and I'll show you what happens. So we're going to use some of this, we're going to wheelbarrow out to the front. Before I do that though, here's the bags of gravel that we took from the very front of the property. This is all gravel. There may be a few bags of sand at the bottom but the gravel here that we can use, push some stuff as well. Yeah, I'm leaning on, let me walk around, I was just a pausing, I'll resume when I was talking about in a minute. I believe I said it earlier in the video, so I'm doing so much sometimes I can't remember. We're going to bring the bulldozer guy back, I think, by Friday, if he's available and have him come up and just finish fighting the area out and I'll just pay the deal. I need the guys to do some other stuff, see how I don't like this here, sell these rocks and stuff, I just don't like it. So anyway, a lot of dirt is going to go in this area and my carport is going to go from the carport out over here back to this way. But back to what I was referring to with the gravel up front. That's just mud dirt there. But this, I've smacked that pole out there a couple of times, scraped it, turned it tight enough or something here, this, this, and then something down here and stuff and up here. That's what I want to prevent. In fact, let me take your, let me pause, I'm going to walk a little bit and I'm going to pause and take you out to what I'm talking, show you what I'm talking about. But all this has got to get gone too, I mentioned that. So let me walk. As I'm making my way, we're going to finish cutting some of this stuff down too all the way to the edge of our property there, which you see in that corner of the sandbags over there. That's the edge of the property where I'm going to hone in and come up this way. Now, eventually we're going to, like I said before, build this wall up, raise this up higher to meet that one coming over here and run a wall from here down to this way, connecting to the bridge. And when a wall goes up here, we're going to keep all the water flow through here. I'm going to re-stock that from sandbags to cement because I don't want to break it into the future. Same with this, future projects that I have planned out. These are nine-ice goats here. Some of them may be the other neighbor's goats that are doing a good work here. So here's where the gravel was. He got them over here. Seeing the kids playing with the tire, there's still a little bit of gravel left here. And there's that pipe again. That pipe keeps popping up all over the property. And of course the ball. We're going to burn this stuff in here. I'm going to haul this sand somewhere. I'm not really going to haul it. Okay, I caught myself when I hit their own button. And I stopped the recording so I got to add it together. Anyway, I'm not really going to haul it over here because until we get the walls up, this is just going to keep washing out here. This is not what I'm going to use to gravel that. Not here with the bags at. One of my scrapers suggested it's a good idea. But once I get the walls built up and everything with the water stays in the canal, or it comes over here, as it always does on a nice property. Okay, always does. It says I'm not going to affect her anyway. I'm just going to keep it off of my property. And it's always going to run through her property. She's okay with it. I guess with that. And I'm going to run out. Hello! I'm a neighbor's kids. I'm going to run the wall up here. I'm going to find what my four meters is up here. I'm going to run a wall here to keep the water from flowing on, washing out this side of my world here. So I'm going to have a wall. It's going to be the same height as this. Again, it's going to go basically my boundary wall toward my four meters. So I'm going to run out here from my home. From my home over here, four meters that way. And just run it to a certain point. Maybe here. Leaving a gate open for nive. That's all in the future. Except here. Here's going to come up. I'm going to build a small, because you see with the water, right? It washed it all out. That wasn't like that. It was like this before. But anyway, so I got washed out during the August September floods that we had here. Small covered here. As you can see, the cover is going to kind of go sideways. I'm just going to let it go with the flow of the water. Or maybe I'll just shoot it straight across. They can go under. And then out that way. They know that it goes on their property. So I'm not affecting them. I'm just going to have something that I can drive over here. A little concrete thing. Not very big. Just enough for my truck. You know, four meters wide. I'm going to mark on my boundary line from here to there. Four meters wide. I'm going to build a little bridge when the cover is to the water and go under. If the water does go over this. Okay. It's like I got something hard to drive. The water didn't really get too far over there. It did a little bit on that side. But in the future, when I have a lot of money, I'm going to cement where my four meters from where it starts over here. Over here is where my four meters right away starts over here. You see my pose on it within that four meters. I'm just going to shoot through it this way. Concrete it. So I have the water can run over. All it wants to. I just don't want it to. Well, going on. I did it again. Okay. Well, you don't know because it's all going to be stuck together, but I keep hitting the button and it stops the recording. Well, I caught it. But anyway, I straight shot out to the highway down here. And this is all the common way. My property goes right about here somewhere. Four meters that way. My right away that bottom paid for. The common way. Okay. My property starts right about here. Somewhere over here. My home's over there somewhere. It goes over here. A lot about here. And then over here is the neighbors. And there's two meters was donated by the neighbor over here. Kind people. And then the other meter was donated from the owners of this property. These are just tenants here. So it's basically three meters donated. But you see it's a lot wider than that. Anyway, the not then one of my future projects. The water doesn't really flood here that much. A little bit here, but not to not to where it washes anything away. One day, I'm going to beautify this area and do something with it. So let me go to the highway and I'll show you what I was talking about. And when I'm talking about it, you see this? Sure, they're plastic. And we keep getting this thing cleaned up, but the neighbors unfortunately won't share and keep it in place. Beautified. See, they just throw the garbage. And that happens a lot in the Philippines, if you watch the very many other bloggers and the Philippines, they'll say the same thing. It's just a way of life. People come up here and just chunk stuff garbage down the ground. It's a beautiful country. Look at all this. I'm going to get on this, picked up and cleaned up. I had to do it myself. The dogs dug this out so they can lay in the middle of the road. But you see all the garbage? It just irritates me to know when. Beautiful country people just throw it down. Even I could line this whole thing up with garbage bands and they'd still throw it on the ground. It's just the way it is. I've been teaching Sabrina and DJ now to do that. I caught them a few times. I get after them. They say, hey, stop doing that. But you can see it's up there. It's going along with my stroll here to the highway. For now, see more garbage. It's just just pitiful. Maybe about a month ago we had it cleaned up here. We cut all the greeners out. They used to be a little bamboo house here. And I don't know if one of the storms crashed it up. People left or if the people left and then it's going to crash it up. I don't know but see it's not my property. I can't do nothing about it. But it's an eye sore. I wish the owner would just come and clean it up and buy it. See more garbage. More garbage. It's just sad. Folks, it's just really sad. It's really sad. It's just the common right away. The people who live back here by me, we share this. We don't have this in microcycelescent where there's your column. Anyway, here's what we got to clean up this. Some of this is part of the sandbags that we used when some of this did wash out a little bit. Some of this in sandbag. The rest of it's just garbage. You see how narrow this is? Okay. And what I want to do is come out here and widen this a little bit. Push this over. Maybe... Yes, the highway folks. Maybe put something over this like a piece of thick plywood. And then push this stuff down, burn it down, and stuff here. Down over it, just to where you come in. I can turn. I can turn in wider because as you can see right now it's from here to here. And this is what I smack sometimes. As you can see, it's kind of aerotaped sometimes. It's a tight one because people don't slow down. Even when you've got a blinker on, look at all the garbage. But anyway, it's something I grab by the septic tank. Come out here and pour it out here and build this up a little bit. We're making some more dirt so that when you come in turn, nobody here cares. The city doesn't care what you do. You know, just if you want to make it better. It's supposed to be a road widening, project happening. But just the Philippines, it may be five to ten years for it happens to those. It could happen tomorrow, just the way it is. So anyway, that's what my plans are. I've had to do that so this way I could come in here. Even when I come in this way, this direction I'm just turning in here. And then we go down here and that's what it looks like. But you know, I need to make it beautiful. It won't be better for me. I thought about taking this, knocking it down some more. But that's plenty of room right here, so don't need to do that. That is the neighbor's coming down, so let me pause it. So they just went to the bakery shop over here. I don't want to show the front of the road for privacy reasons and stuff. Anyway, we've got a lot of work to do here. And as long as we're making it look nice, I don't think people are going to mind about that. So we'll keep it nice and clean and make sure we don't mess with anybody's stuff and see the other side of the garbage. So anyway, that's what we're looking at. And that's one of my projects that I want to get started so I can stop hitting that pole. Especially at nighttime, it's kind of hard to see. Another thing I want to do, let me turn back around. It's a wreck, some kind of, either off of one of these poles or put another pole up a sign or something. But when I direct people to the house, I have something for them to see. And they can turn, because usually it's hard, because all these people we've got come in to do work and installations and all this other stuff. Even we're going to run the same problem when we have friends who try to tell them where to come, they're going to have a hard time finding this place. So I need to put some kind of marker there, sign or something that they can see and appreciate. Anyway, that's the neighbor's kids they live off to the houses over to the left there. So anyway, that's the plan. I don't want to belabor anything, so I'll stop here for now. Thanks folks. On the way back, this is another project. I want to ask our neighbor over here, just where the kids live over here. We need to cut some of this bamboo down, because you see this, all this stuff grows out and it gets way out the here. I mean, it gets way out the here that scratches my truck when I try to go around it sideways and everything. And then some of these here start laying out and hanging way low over here. I just want to cut it back some and chop it up some, so there's no scratching thing here. There's a bamboo pole that was here sticking like four or five feet out over here earlier. I just had brother JC just pick it up and shove it back over there. So I probably need to re-arract it and get their electrical wire and push it up. I just kind of danger there, but that's another project too. You know, and there's the house in the distance. There's a friendly rooster. Another one here, just giving out there where I'm at. Wherever our property line is, you'll trim all this. Trim it because, let me show you. It won't take much of it, but you know, they got a fence there, so we can clean it to the fence at least. Because my home is right here. So I don't know why they have a fence there, but anyway. They want to put the fence there, and I'll clear it out on this end and we'll just say that's the property line. Okay, I'm not going to do anything with anywhere else, and then keep it clean. And chop it up all the way here, all the way here. Get rid of all this. Cut it down. Trim up the tree here, and stuff, so I don't want it growing out over here. And you see the bamboo here. That's got to come down, but it's already... See this? See this? Right over my wires. It's going to come down, crash down, and cut out my electric. So I want to get ahead of the game. Start cutting that down, but I need to get permission from my neighbor first, so I don't know what we're doing. You know, I always want to check with the neighbors. It's a beautiful property. And for the newest subscribers, I missed some of my earlier videos. One day, all this is going to get filled in. See how low it is here? I'm going to let... I have this leveled up over here. And maybe just when people come over, it's going to be a little parking area for them. I don't want to use sand, because sand's going to blow up dust and blow that way. So maybe, you know, it gets some more. Over the years, some topsoil leveled it out. This is not a project right now. I want to deal with right now. I'm going to cut all this back to the property line, like I said. And then we'll go from there. Okay? Alrighty. Thank you, folks. See this side from the trees. Please like, subscribe, share, and comment. It helps us out. We have 797 subscribers before I let the house. So, we're almost at 800. I want to thank everyone for subscribing and staying with us. We're getting closer and closer to that. Thousand mark. Of course, we want to far exceed that in the future. But, you know, we appreciate you guys tuning in and watching. Staying with us, sharing our lives with us. Okay, folks. Once again, God bless you always. Peace.