 I'm going to be a good guy and I'm going to be a good guy. So what I didn't tell you guys is that the same day I received many requests to react to Project Nightfall's video about the Philippines presidential elections. I also received requests to react to a video of someone called Dwayne Woolly or Woolly. I'm not sure who talked about the Project Nightfall video. And apparently that's what I've been told. He talks about a lot of Filipino law that basically states that foreigners cannot meddle in political affairs if the foreigners are in the Philippines. Okay. When this person sent it to me, told me about the law. So I just asked them straight up what the law said and they explained it to me very quickly. So that's what I understood from it. But I also received many requests to react to this video. So I thought why not check it out because I think that this law sounds very interesting. Let me read you the description of this video. So it is a response video to Project Nightfall. Before we continue on, make sure to follow me on Instagram at Music Game News because that is where you can DM your suggestions. And I want to thank you for all the attention that you've been giving to my videos as of late. Thank you so much. Without further ado, let's get to it. The whole world is looking at Filipinos right now as they're about to elect a late dictator son to be the president of the damn. Look at that. This video is a reminder for foreigners in the Philippines or foreigners who are involved with the Philippines in some way. Recently, Bon Bon Marcos was elected as president of the Philippines. Unofficially, we are still not official. Apparently, it will be official on June 30th. So you got to specify, you know? And our Facebook page named Project Nightfall made a video about the election and getting... Oh gosh, he likes to put dramatic music as well in his videos. A penis from both sides to be like, however, the way the video was presented sent a subliminal anti-Marcos message, which angered a lot of Filipinos. Yeah, I felt that as well. Watch it. Quarantine cringe. Oh my god, did you hear the... Cooom! Do you really need those sound effects? Oh my gosh. Like, we're not dumb. We understand, I guess, the severity of the situation. Yeesh! Antoine Marcos' message, which angered a lot of Filipinos that watched it. Quarantine critics that said things like... And the critics also ask, what is the point of unity under a family name that has stolen so much from the country? And even hitting an election fraud, the newly elected president. Some reports of election irregularities to name a few. Now, why would Filipinos angry at this? If it was a Filipino that made this video, it wouldn't have been such a big issue. The issue here is that the creator of Project Nightfall is not a Filipino. Do you agree with him? Do you think that if a Filipino had made that exact video of Project Nightfalls, do you think it would have been a big issue as well? Maybe not as big as it has become, but I think it would still have been a big issue. And I think it's also because of the format of the video. I cannot stress this enough. It's not just what they said in the video, but also how the envelope around the video, how dramatic he makes everything look and sound. It realized that it doesn't look good when me, a foreigner, caught... And yeah, I think it has become this bad, because Project Nightfall has a lot of followers. And I think if a Filipino had made the exact same video, but a Filipino that had like four or five million followers on our subscribers on YouTube, I think it would have been maybe equally as bad. It realized that it doesn't look good when me, a foreigner, comments on other countries' affairs. If you're a foreigner in the Philippines or you wish to visit the Philippines, so be involved in the Philippines in some way, never ever say anything about Filipino politicians. So, how can I help you in politics and Philippines? The Bureau of... Does he live in the Philippines? Sounds like he lives in the Philippines. The Russian Commissioner has stated that far-in nationals are not vested with the same political rights and privileges as Filipinos. Joining political demonstrations is another display of disrespect to the country's authorities and is equivalent to meddling in our terminal affairs as a nation. Foreigners have prohibited from joining supporting contributing. All right, let's read this one. This is very interesting. Okay, so BIA Operations Order Number, Prohibits foreigners from engaging in internal political affairs in the Philippines. The Order Prohibits them from joining supporting contributing or involving themselves in whatever manner, in any rally, assembly or gathering. Very interesting. Okay. Hey, I didn't see you there. Well, now that you're here, why don't you celebrate for making a disfore into this video by subscribing to the channel by turning on the notification bell so that you don't miss any future videos. And of course, and the most important thing to like this video because it does help out the channel tremendously. And now if you don't mind, I'm gonna go back to my business. Yes. Oh, that after deportation, Moranti added that after deportation, deportation, like the foreigner can be deported if, you know, if they meddle in their political affairs. And they will be blacklisted, which forbids them to re-enter the Philippines. Oh my goodness. After deportation, this means that if you do this, you get caught, you get deported, you can never go back to the Philippines ever again. Wow. That's so cool. In 2013. Really? There was a Dutch guy named Thomas Van Beerson who was taunting a policeman at a rally. Taunting him so bad that the policeman started crying. Same year, there was a Canadian student, Kim Miller who was deported for attending anti-government rally. And in 2018, Patricia Fox who was deported for attending anti-government rally. Yo, this is serious, unbelievable. Australia. This is good to know. Look, I'm not the type of guy who's gonna go to a political rally or even talk about politics when I visit the Philippines, you know, so I'm not. I'm not personally, I'm not worried. I'm not worried that I'll get in trouble with, you know, with the law in the Philippines. At least not for meddling with, you know, the politics in the Philippines. And non-Patricia Fox out of the country. This after she allegedly participated in partisan political activity. I lived in the Philippines for seven years. I learned in his speech in languages there. There you go. Okay, so maybe he doesn't live in the Philippines anymore, but he lived in the Philippines for seven years. That's a long time. And I worked in showbiz for a bit. Sometimes I was on TV, sometimes I would sing at events. Now I had to, no way. That is crazy. Okay, so that explains the number of followers he has on his YouTube channel. He's got about the same number as I do, like a million, I think. 1.3 million more than I do. Good for him. Good for him. Yeah, be up, be up, be up. Okay. Agents that worked to get me jobs. One of the agents asked me one time if I could sing at a rally for the upcoming election in 2016. Straight away, I said no, I can't do that. I'm a foreigner. I really have to do that. It's illegal for me to go to that event. I'm sorry, but the music that he's playing in the background is very annoying, man. He does the deep outfingers in their internal effects. I can't get involved in politics in the Philippines. It's not my place to say anything about it. I plan to set up my life in the Philippines. I love the Filipino culture. Oh, nice. Oh, is he married with the Filipino? And has the Filipino, well, have Filipino kid? I love the Filipino sense of humor. Yeah. And I know my place day and I'm quite happy day. Filipinos do not need me or any other foreigner to tell them how they country is right. Thanks for watching. We'll see you. Okay, I still have a lot of questions. So what if a foreigner becomes Filipino? You know, officially has the Filipino citizenship, you know, like that Syrian dude, the Hungry Syrian. The Hungry Syrian wanderer, right? He became officially Filipino. Is it okay for him to, you know, metal and Filipino politics? I'm thinking yes, because he is officially Filipino, meaning that he can probably vote, right? Also, also, this person that, you know, because multiple people actually sent me this video, but this person we chatted a little bit and sent me an official, you know, screenshot of a document, you know, that directs me to the law that speaks of this. And in that document, the law states that it's foreigners that live in the Philippines or are visiting the Philippines, basically, that are on the soil. On Filipino soil, cannot metal with their political affairs. Okay, but if you're like me and live outside of the Philippines, you know, it's okay. They're like, don't necessarily metal, because I'm not really meddling with your affairs. I'm just watching videos and giving you my honest opinion, you know, telling you exactly what I feel, you know, I, I don't, like, I can't vote and I don't want to vote. I don't want to choose a particular candidate or not. So, but I can still, you know, there's, I have the freedom of speech, right? I've seen things and I can give you my feedback on that stuff. So I think I'm allowed to do that. You know, I'm a free person that doesn't live in the Philippines, you know, I follow Canadian rules and the law here in Canada since I live in Montreal, Canada. But as soon as I go to the Philippines, surely I will not, you know, metal with their, with their affairs, with their political affairs, certainly not in public, you know, behind closed doors. If someone asks me about my opinion, I will probably share it, but not publicly, that's for sure. So my next question is, do you think after having, you know, reacted to so many political videos and followed not necessarily closely the Filipino presidential elections of 2022, do you think I can safely go to the Philippines and visit the Philippines without being bothered by, by the cops, Filipino cops, by the PNP, you know, the Filipino National Police Department, you know, what I'm saying, by your government. I think it's okay. I think it's safe for me to go there. But as I would still like to know your opinion, let me know in the comments section below, of course, respectfully as usual. I think this is very interesting and this is why you should always do research, thorough research before visiting a country. And before speaking about matters that you don't know in general. So, Marami, Marami, Salam, mat'po, thank you so much for watching, as usual, take care of yourselves, have a great day and I'll see you in the next one. Thank you for watching, subscribe here and please like the video to show your support and appreciation for my work, and turn on the notification bell to be poked for future content. Yay!