 Oh well hello, how are you? My name is Ovela and today we will be reacting to Filipinos who made Pinouille's proud number three because you guys have been requesting this video nonstop after I reacted to part one and part two videos by Cash World Chuck you know he does a great job at these videos they are so interesting and informative and the flow is very smooth so you can follow the stream of events very easily okay hopefully I won't have any problems with copyrights because in part two I did have to mute some part and even add subtitles so that you guys understand what was going on because yeah I had a copyright problem for just like a minute or so you know that was a little annoying so hopefully this summer around I won't have that problem but before we start consider subscribing to the channel and liking the video it always puts a smile on my face and of course don't hesitate to follow me on Instagram at music game news because that is where you can DM me suggestions and without further ado let's jump right into it. Just think like a friend and you'll be alright. Efren yes he a pool player I've reacted to him he's so freaking good. He had the greatest ability to think and see a shot and no one else could see. Yeah I was actually waiting for him to make a video about Efren. Going to make that shot. I thought he was trying to hit it but the way he kicked that he had another way to kick it the ball and I still to this day I understand why he kicked that way he could have kicked the other way. Efren the magician. A head scratcher but a genius. That's like a really good one. Too flus but the most dangerous. Too flus. His legend was saying that he was like a man. He's so young. That is so stupid. That is so stupid. I mean I appreciate the admiration for Efren but come on. Efren Batare is. He was born and raised in Bampanga. He's the fifth child among nine siblings. It was quite a big bag made to keep off loads. See this is why I wanted Casual to make a video about Efren because I've reacted to Efren videos where I just saw his skills. Him playing pool and beating people. Being real good at his craft. But I did not know the story. His story. I'm hoping that Casual will teach us a little bit more about Efren's past. What age five? His dad brought him along to Manila to have a better income to support them. If it was a shy kid growing up and struggled to interact with kids his age so instead of playing outside he worked as a spotter and a janitor at his uncle's billiards hog. He made it his home as he played billiards all day and slipped on the pool table every night. This is when he started gambling at the very young age. He was so young that he was too short to reach the pool table so he would stack some coke cases just to make some of his shots. What? He got the nickname Batta to distinguish him from an older Efren. I'm sorry but just this information makes me want to watch a biopic movie about Efren. Seriously it would be such a great movie in my opinion. Also played pool in their home. As Efren continued playing he kept rapidly improving until he beat every player in their home. So at age 21 his uncle started bringing him along to bigger money matches. The movie was very popular at the time so gambling at different pool halls was a thing. Efren was beating everybody. There was a time when he went to Clark Airbase to literally farm dollars from American soldiers. And because of this his name had become a terror in pool halls and he started running out of opponents. So his income from gambling started to run dry. Oh my god. That's right. He went right back into playing billiards. In 1975 Efren started planning a trip to the US to play against American pool players. But an American sports writer apparently have been taking notice of him while he was beating everybody. This writer went back to the US and informed their best pool players that a new threat is emerging. His name is Efren Reyes. Because of this the Americans were able to scout him and found out about his reputation. So this ruined Efren's plan to hustle American players for money. For those who are confused hustling is kind of similar to smurfing in video games. It's like a mythic player playing in the Grandmaster Rank in Mobile Legends to farm easy wins. In Efren's case he wanted to farm wins which translate into dollars to support his family. In order to counter that obstacle he decided to take on an alias. Cesar Morales. Why did you say that Morales? Billiard Hall after Billiard Hall. He left the trail of destruction leaving a opponent demoralized. It's not going what he did. Like I swear. His story almost sounds like a backstory of an opianemasonse who's like a joke. But when an action transforms into some kind of forbidden folklore beast. Anyway his hustling days continued in the 80s until he discovered the big money tournaments. He entered under his alias and went on to win his first ever tournament as Cesar Morales. How was he though? But when he was asked to sign one of those autographs he accidentally exposed his identity because he subconsciously wrote his real name. Because of this his hustling days were over so he focused on playing and dominating tournaments under his real name. And we've heard the nickname the magician because of his aggressive style of play and shot selections that know what even the greatest pool players dared to attempt especially in high pressure situations. I've been. I've been watching the movie. I'm attempting those shots is one thing. You've got to have balls. I have to do that. I enjoy playing pool a lot or Billiard. That looked like a looking shot but. Like this one. Effron was just a bystander and some younger professional players playing pool were taking too long in planning their next shot so they handed over the Q stick to Effron. They had no idea that Effron already saw the shot from a mile away. He did it with his bag on his back and a hanky on his hand. Here are more examples. Incredible. Incredible. Incredible. He is. He is our son. Oh my god. Yo the math. Oh stop it. Oh stop it. Oh stop it. Oh stop it. Oh stop it. Oh stop it. Oh stop it. Oh stop it. Oh stop it. Oh stop it. Oh my god. Aside from these amazing shots, Effron is also the author of the greatest shot in pool history. He was playing against one of the greatest pool players at the time, Earl Strickland. The match was very close as they were tied at 12 brags each in a race to 13 match. Whoever wins the rack becomes the champion. Strickland did the break to pocket the two balls. They attempted to pull off a safety play hiding the one ball behind the seven and eight ball but emailed to do so. So Effron took advantage. He then handled business as usual. Oh because he had these shots go to the end. But not until the five ball became the object ball. Little bit. Just a little bit, I said. What needn't you have to do that? You see what I'm talking about? No that's right. Now why did he do that? He got himself with the trouble because the six ball was slightly blocking it. But instead of doing a safety play, no the five balls. No the five balls. No the five balls. No the five balls. No the five balls. Oh my goodness. Strickland's all my effort ball. An impressive shot for sure. But this wasn't the greatest shot I was talking about. The shot has gotten him into an even bigger trouble. Oh yeah. And this is the object ball. All three other balls are blocking every option. Effron had. So attempting a safety play, let alone hitting the object ball was virtually impossible. But despite the predicament, Effron ever proceeded to leave his mark by pulling off the greatest shot. And the greatest shot ever made in the history of billions. The iconic, the shot. No the sensation when you pull a shot like that must be incredible. Effron didn't even have the chance to finish the rack because his legendary shot obliterated all the hope that was left in Strickland's body as he proceeded. And then he went to the red there shortly after that. What do you have to do? What a finish. This got Effron. His third straight championship win in the Sands Regency Open. So liifying his case as one of the greatest pool players to have ever lived. I wonder if it's a lucrative sport. He remained humble while some opponents would flex on him. I'm breaking the balls very well. So that's good for me. I've been playing pool 40 years. I feel like I'm playing perfect. I feel good. I feel very comfortable. Just looks like a one-man shot. You know, that's why this game is the toughest game on the planet. It usually just responds with humility. Well, I've been here recently. You know, I don't know if I'm playing good or if I'm playing bad. I need luck to play. And then it was easy to keep this opponent a high quality billiard seminar. Yeah, you like this so far. It's pretty good over that section. And after embarrassing them? It usually just say this iconic line. Wow, that's very humble. Goat, pretty simple touch. To have won the WPA World Championships in two different pool disciplines, namely 8 ball and 9 ball. A four-time SANS Regency Champion, a 13-time Derby City Classic Champion, and a two-time World Champion with a Spartaner, Jago Bustamante. To this day, he has earned the respect to not just his countrymen. See, it's so freaking worthy of a movie because he basically came from nothing to this, to greatness, the goat. Yo, gotta make a movie about this man. Filipinos are good at a lot of things. I've never heard of Francisco Bustamante. He's like an angel. Holy legend, that's smart to go from billiard to bowling in this video. Because often, usually in one place, you usually find billiard but also bowling. You can play both in the same place, in the same bar, in the same whatever, like bowling place. I enjoy both, I really do enjoy both, but I think I am better at billiard than bowling. Because I play more pool than bowling. But Ang, Nippon Mou Channel. He's considered by many as a sports good, greatest of all time. And Getson City. His dad was a bowling coach but he first fell in love with his sport of gold. And he was even doing great competitively. On one fateful rainy day, young baeng forgot to bring his umbrella so he had to take shelter. That shelter turned out to be a bowling alley. From then on, he changed his life. But school and bowling. That coaching by Ang's potential was unleashed as he became a Filipino bowling prodigy and became the national champion only at age 17. Damn. Later, he would join the 1976 bowling World Cup and upset everybody as he claimed that championship at 19 years old. Making him a record holder is again his book of world records as the youngest world champion ever. Back day double and this footage is so freaking old. How old is he now? Most people thought he was a fluke until baeng came back four years later to bag another World Cup win. 23 year old. Ang Nippon Mou Channel Strike. Strike. Bowling World Cup champion Ang Nippon Mou Channel from the Philippines. He became famous for his accurate strikes despite having an awkward south ball bowling arm swing. I just have a look at Nippon Mou Channel when he plays here. It looks as though he's off balance but of course it's an illusion or a bus bay or he would be trying to get a ball. Nippon Mou Channel. His last name is Difficulty Pronance. Yeah, see the step off his son and lost the pace. The man literally proved that looks could be deceiving. Swinging in. I'm the one who says I'm number one and those fans who made it all the way here from the Philippines know. They are looking at the World Champion for the third time in his career. Pang Nippon Mou Channel comes through on the wire and steals it in the tent of Grabowski through the title away. Ang would then go on to continue dominating the sport for a total of four decades as he won the total of six World Championships and hold a total of four World Records making him the undisputed gold in the sport. The man is in shape. He's a black since day one making his entire nation proud but pride never got into his head. Now listen, you've got the fourth champion the World Cup title. Are you going to come back for number five? I don't know how it all depends on the Lord because he's too give credit to God. You're very moved obviously and so awake. Congratulations. Do you need to have that kind of body to be this good at playing? The Lord is the only nation coach to have the USBC gold levels certification and continues to hone the skills of the younger generation. He looks so good. Just one of a kind because another phenom was also wrecking havoc in the different department. The world of speed. Oh boy. Lydia Diai De Vega was born and raised in Mekawa in Bula Kahn. In her childhood, she rarely became the aide with playing tag with friends because she was just too fast. This got the attention of the schools of athletic coaches so she got invited to train to compete in the sport of track and field. Lydia's dad was a cop so he was very strict with her so she kept her training in secret until her dad started noticing her getting tired for often which led to him finding out about it. Her dad then gave her a condition that he would only allow her to compete if he coaches her himself. Lydia agreed so not long after she started dominating the sport by winning her first two gold medals in the 1981 C Games in both the 200 and 400 meter dash. This got her qualified to compete in the 1982 Asian Games. This is where the big names compete including the favorite to win the event in just well known speed powerhouse, PT Ushah. But our hungry 18 year old Lydia was unfazed by the pressure. At first Lydia seems to be falling behind in the fifth place right before Ushah. But on the 50 meter markup, go go go go go go go go go go go go. Oh my gosh. It's incredible. Oh my gosh. Your legs must be burning at the end of this. But Ushah wasn't going down without a fight because next year the Asian Championships she would win the gold against Lydia. Visually forming a rivalry between the two fastest women in Asia. Their fans went back and forth about who really was the fastest but all the debate would be put to an end in 1986 Asian Games. Oh I'm having tears right now. Boom. Oh she won by a landslide. By a landslide. Easy man. You need gold. Ah. But did she compete in the Olympics? Oh my gosh. Boom. Boom. Boom. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Two hours. It's like hearing this from a coach but I cannot disagree because it does happen. Maybe it's the reason why this diving team flopped in the 2015 C Games. Oh my gosh. That must be so painful. Oh no no no no no no no no no that is so bad. Good one. Good one. We all worked in the train in Japan. Yeah we should have even realized how hard it would become for him. He left his family in the Philippines and started living together with coach Kokimia in a small apartment while studying high school at take your university. This is a school where most elite student athletes go. Carlos was only on his second year. He struggled in school because he suddenly had to learn to both read and write in Japanese. Do you understand? The way he did his improvement Carlos coach required him to write the entries in his diary on a daily basis. He started during the daytime and spent the rest of his free time training with his coach. Are you? Carlos obviously got culture shot so he started showing some size of the motivation. He would make mistakes he normally wouldn't and fall down more often than usual. Coach Kokimia's very strict training approach wasn't helping either. If you don't have a chance to do it, you can do it. The going to be a big injury if you don't do that there. You're not going to do it again. Without thinking. Without thinking. Carlos diary entries never talked about his feelings so coach Kokimia had no clue about what to do with him anymore. He was so bad that there was a point when Carlos told him that he wanted to quit. I don't know if I'm going to win or not. I'm not going to win. I'm not going to win. The coach was at his wit's end so he decided to pull off one more trick to motivate Carlos. He brought him to an all-Japan national gymnastics competition. Coach Kokimia was one of the judges there and one of the competitors is Japan's Olympic gold medalist. Kenzo Shirai. This guy is considered as one of the greatest young gymnasts of the day. Training floor champion Shirai put in a reigning champion performance on the floor. It's 16.133. Oh! Man, I would break my name. He won his world records as the youngest gymnast to ever win a gold medal on the world stage at 17. And the only human being to have pulled off a salto backward stretch with quadruple twist or known today as the Shirai. Oh yeah! When they name it after you, you know you're the goals. When they enter him along with five other great moves he invented himself. The dude was an absolute genius. He rightfully earned the nickname Mr. Twister and a not even surprised about it. Watching Kenzo perform in Gwen seemed to have been a lot of enemies. He might have just realized that he still had a long, long way to go. But in that day's diary entry he never talked about quitting. Instead he wrote about his admiration for Kenzo's talent. He started writing about his feelings which was kind of unusual for him. The next day he showed up early in the gym and wrote his own training plan without being told by his coach. He seemed to have found a new source of motivation. He had to hand him a check it out. Okay so this is actually pretty recently. Oh my god! He twis so quickly! Wow wow they defied gravity. That's a quadruple twisting some assault. Deep breath. Focus on the tasker hand. Three and a half minutes. Followed by the full twisting front. So difficult. That's good. Such a terrifying way to establish immense pressure. They can only imagine what Carlos was feeling at that moment because he's the next one to perform. He looks much younger too. 18 years, okay. Filipino. Yeah because Carlos only stands at 4-11. Kenzo is known for his twists. Carlos shines with power and elevation. Whoa! So high! He's also stronger. Oh! Just told to get together there on the combination. Oh three and a half hours. That was lovely. The landing is so important. There they are. Whoa! Clean. Excellent awareness. Multi-vision. Assurance but he is very short. He's clinging the blow with his toes. What a talent this young man is. Did you see the side? Oh! 14.16 moved into the shell of the metal position. Okay. Silver is still great. Oh! Kenzo's core is going to come in the process. So he's still in the podium. Hopefully. Strike front. Well pipe front. Lovely control. Oh yeah that's gorgeous. Wow! That's beautiful. Lovely style in his movement. Two and a half twists, double twisting front. Locking the feet together. Carlos's metal finish wasn't perfect for sure. But it still made him the first Filipino and Southeast Asian gymnast to have everyone on the world stage. He kept competing and training after the event. Yeah, casual. I don't know if you're watching this video but if you're, you are. The editing is great especially when it comes to the music that you have chosen to synchronize with the visuals, with the images and the video. Honestly, you made a great choice. Hopefully it won't be too problematic for me because of copyrights. But I really enjoyed what you did there. Like the ending of the rotation of the athlete. It ended exactly at the same time as the classical music that was awesome. Until it was time for another shot the following year. The 2019 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Stuttgart, Germany. Kenzo Shirai didn't make it to the competition because of an ankle injury. There you go. Arthur Delalloyan was there. Interestingly, he was a non-factor in the competition as he only finished four. Interesting. It's got a pretty good record of the World Championship. Oh, but... Maybe he was tired. The guy who became a problem though was Israel's Artim d'Algo. Oh. How a full sumble. Mmm! Toss of the handswing devil from the one and a half twist. She doesn't see many of those. And again, how about... Fantastic work from Artim d'Algo. He showcased a balance of power and technique, which gave him a score that is high enough to warrant an early celebration from the crowd and his team. I think I would be my friend, can take him. But you guys may have already heard of this saying. Never count a Filipino. Mmm, I think he can take him. I wasn't that impressed. I think Carlos can kick his ass. Mmm! Wow! Beautiful, really beautiful. I just got chills there. Youngster from the Philippines. Looking good, so well. Wow! What a rise in for the occasion. So fast in the twist. That was just a double twist. Wow! He can jump extremely high. Looking at Artim's face feels like he's about to pass out. When the score gets revealed. Woo! There you go. He already made history in year ago. He might just win. Maybe he was like, you know, I'm too short for basketball. Even if I can jump extremely high. So let me try in another sport. Oh, that's so huge. I'm pretty cool for the Philippines. What a moment for him. What a moment for the Philippines. And just like that. Carlo Yulo won the first ever gold medal for the Philippines in artistic world's gymnastics. Ladies and gentlemen, in honor to the winner, the national anthem of Philippines. Yeah. Very nicely edited, seriously. Very nice. Yeah. Very nice. Very nice. Very, very nice. Woof! What a ride this video has been. Imagine if Carlos really quit back then. None of this would have ever happened. The Filipinos are not quitters. That's why he was always very grateful to his coach. So what did we learn from their stories? For me, it's their unrelenting guts and determination. And the handball in the Philippines. They won because they put in the work. They went through loss, pain, and insurmountable obstacles. They had the choice to make those things become the reason for their failure. But instead, they made it become the reason for their success. And that's what makes them Filipino. So what about you? Are you here to just listen to Filipino success stories? Or do something about it? Yeah. Let's go. All right. Looking forward to part four. For sure. But I have to say, part two made me emotional. There was something about that part two that made me emotional. I don't remember what it was, but I felt emotional. Here, I just felt some chills, you know. And the editing process in this video I think is even better than in part two. So basically, casual chuck is getting better at the craft. So yeah, again, looking forward to part four. I wonder what angle he's going to take, which approach, which, you know, popular Filipinos is he going to talk about. And the research about it, because it takes a lot of research, you know, to prepare something like this. It's a lot of work. All right, people. Let me know in the comments section below if you knew all of these Filipinos. Personally, I only knew Efren. Okay. I was introduced to three more. The bowling player, the running woman, and of course, Carlos at the end. But the biggest competition, in my opinion, is the Olympics. Right? It's the international thing. So I think Filipinos need to win the golden medal there. And there was one that he showed in part two. It was the woman that lifted all those weights. He won the medal. It was a huge thing. And I believe it was the only gold medal that the Philippines won during those Olympics. So it was a massive thing, you know. So I think they should compete more in the Olympics and try to win more gold medals. But yeah, this was awesome. Let me know in the comments section below your thoughts. Marami Marami, Salamat Po. And of course, if you found value in this video, then do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos. Right here.