 And then you start to see these like crazy advertisements. The first step towards lightning, the white man's burden, is through teaching the virtues of cleanliness. And on the side, you have soap being offloaded in the Philippines and being given to the local. What the heck? It was so racist. It's so bad. This is probably one of the videos that you have been waiting for. What's up, dillie? Welcome back to another reaction video with the host Nelly. I'm so happy to see you smelling faces again. Today I am referring to a video that was recommended to me several times. And then recently, a friend of mine said, do you know that guy who does these very interesting videos? I was like, random stuff. And he knows he's like so knowledgeable. I'm like, I don't know. And then I watched one of the videos and I was like, that face looks familiar. And I know, I realized that he made a video about the Philippines and the video is, how the US stole the Philippines. It's a pretty long video. So I'm probably going to split up in two videos, part one and part two. So welcome back to part one. I'm going to jump straight into it. Let's go. There is a cluster of 7,000 islands that looks like one of the most beautiful places on Earth. Yeah. People have been living here for over 30,000 years, traveling between these islands, trading with each other and with the region and developing religion, identity and culture. It eventually became a country called Ma'i. And while all of these advancements were happening here on these islands, another of the Philippines had been evolving in another part of the world over here in New York. Oh, yeah. Spain. But this other group had a different culture. The music. A different religion. Many of their advancements were achieved through expansion, not collaboration. And their religion thrived when they stomped out others. They wanted to conquer. Yeah, the conquering times. These island, these people, this culture would soon be swallowed, stripped of what made them them. And soon their name would be changed. After the name of the king of their country. Yeah, that's where the name comes from. This is a story just about a big, powerful military taking over new lands. We know that story pretty well. The story of these people offers a new perspective to anyone who will listen. It's a perspective that has been wiped from our history books. It's so weird to see United States. On that intention, with this fact that the United States wants a colony that heroically threw off an empire to become independent, soon became an empire itself. It contradicts our founding belief that it is, quote, self-evident that all men are created equal. And this story is just history. That empire still exists today with colonial possessions and subjects. It's all wrapped up in the story of these 7,000 islands and their people. So I want to tell you this story. That looks like Sinoraths stole the Philippines. There are still American citizens today who do not have equal voting rights. These are citizens of America's island territory. That is such an interesting topic because just recently, I was traveling to the US. And they asked me, do you have an onward ticket? And I said, yeah, I have an onward ticket to Mexico. And they said, well, that doesn't count because it's US territory. I'm like, what do you mean it's US territories? Not the United States, it's Mexico. So I learned that just territory is the United States of America, Mexico, Canada, and then like a lot of the British islands around the Caribbean and like a bunch of other islands. And I'm like, whoa, this is like so complicated. So I need to book a flight somewhere that is outside of the United States territory. That's kind of a very complicated. Here's some grants for seven percent. Don't do it. Go on on US soil except in one jurisdiction. This video could be called how Spain stole the Philippines. Since Spain was the first nation to conquer control these islands like 500 years ago. Actually, exactly 500 years ago. And indeed, Spain left a very deep influence on these islands, not least the name itself, which is named after King Philip. Spain brought their religion, their language, their culture. Which is why the most common last names in the Philippines are like Reyes or Del Rosario, Del Acruz, Del Los Santos. But the heyday of the Spanish Empire came and went. And by the 1800s, it was kind of crumbling. But it was the arrival of a new superpower that I believe had a bigger imprint. Not just on the Philippines, but on the US itself. It established rules and behaviors that we still grapple with today. And that's why this is the story of... Yeah, I need to understand why it came up. Maybe you guys know, maybe comment down below in the comment section. I would really love to have a better understanding of what led to the US to take over. I mean, we still find out. With today. And that's why this is the story of how the US stole the Philippines. So let's go. So this day, we can see the traces of the almost 400 years of Spanish rule over the Philippines. But even more so... So we are like, everything looks so different. We're going to be a United States. Okay, so it's the end of the 1800s. Up until now, US expansion sort of looks like this. It's all happening on this mainland. And at this point, there sort of became a big debate of like, do we keep going? Some people wanted to keep expanding the US outside of this mainland. The president... Don't they hold it? A big expansion guy, but he was surrounded by people who loved war. Specifically this guy. And these people who surrounded the president had their eye on this Spanish colony right off the American coast called Cuba, where the locals were rising up against Spain. Wait a minute. Isn't this a video about the Philippines? Why are we talking about Cuba? We're getting there in just a second. Okay, so anyway, Cuba. Americans didn't want to go to war with Cuba. They're like, we don't need more war. But thanks to the explosion of an American submarine in Cuba, which was probably an accident, and thanks to some highly unethical journalism that blamed the explosion on Spain. And a big thanks to, again, this guy, Teddy Roosevelt, who at this point was just a peon. He was literally the assistant secretary of the Navy. But he somehow could jolt his boss's boss, the president of the United States, to go to war in Cuba, to like liberate the Cubans from Spain. So the US declared war on Spain in 1898. But this begins a new... Sorry, that I'm really trying to not talk and just listen now to have a better end the setting of all the whole construct of how it actually happened. Era of war in the United States. No longer can you just go into war and just take over land. You need an angle. You need to sell the war to the American people. So the angle on this war was liberation. We're liberating the people. The people you liberate will witness the honorable and decent spirit of the American military. No, no, no, no, no, that's later. We're talking about 1898. But yes, the whole idea of selling war to the American public didn't really go away after this. Why did the US go to war in Iraq? In the early stages of the military operations. So anyway, the US is now at war with Spain, which is an empire that is deeply in decline, as I mentioned. It's not gonna be hard to win. But soon, it's not just Cuba. The US really meaning Teddy Roosevelt, who again is just an assistant secretary of the Navy. He's not a big decision maker. He somehow maneuvers the situation to say like, let's liberate next door Puerto Rico. And while we're at it, let's go into the Pacific and liberate Guam and the Philippines from Spain as well. Teddy didn't even ask his boss to do this. He literally sent off a cable to the Navy commander in Asia that was like, George Dewey, go attack the Philippines where Spain is. That is what your mandate is. And George Dewey's like, okay. I mean, it holds a goal to war with Spain and the Philippines. Teddy was sort of of the mind like, better to ask forgiveness than permission. I mean, I get that. I'm coming not 30 pull it off. Anyway, and now because of Teddy Roosevelt, who we literally named the Teddy bear after, side note, we're at war not in the Caribbean only, but also in the Pacific. The US arrived. And not all makes sense to me, although like with Guam and it makes sense. The Philippines and sees that the locals had already been fighting against the Spanish for like years. The Spanish were weak and were totally declining. So it's like the top of the ninth inning or like the fourth quarter of the Spanish in the Philippines. And the US shows up and is like, let us liberate you. And the Philippines were like, well, we've sort of already been fighting this bloody war for years against the Spanish. So yeah, I guess United States, if you want to come help us deal the final blow to Spain, like sweet. So George Dewey, this Navy commander, and his fleet, show up to Manila, meanwhile back in the US, people are like, wait, weren't we just supposed to invade Cuba? What are we doing in the Philippines now? And the US government's like, because the Philippines is a perfect hub for commercial opportunities in Asia, and we think that if we don't take it, Japan or Germany might take it, which would clearly diminish our geostrophysics advantage. What is just so insane? They said, I hate the dreams. I hate the dreams. I hate the dreams. Of the Philippines. Liberate. The people you liberate will witness the honorable and decent spirit of the American military. So the Spain... Sorry, it's a very sensitive topic to me because my country wasn't doing war as well, and there was also the US involved. And yeah, I get so many emotional about it. I wish to see the US arrive to the Philippines and it'll be like, great, we're done. So the Spanish military commanders asked to meet with the US military commanders. They meet in secret and Spain's like, listen, I know we're losing, but we really want to save some face here. We don't want it to look like we lost to the Filipino revolutionaries. And I'm not kidding. The Spanish commander literally said that he would quote, be willing to surrender to white people, but not to the Filipinos. So the US commanders like, okay, there's an opportunity here. We said we were here to liberate the Filipinos, but we haven't promised anything yet. So we would much rather it looked like the US defeated Spain instead of helped the Filipinos defeat Spain. Much better for our brand with the United States. So together, the United States and Spanish militaries organized a fake battle, a fake battle in which the US would fight the Spanish in Manila, and the Spanish would intentionally lose. And the climax of this whole theatrical battle, according to the plan, was that at the end, the US would storm towards the inner walled city of Manila, the last stronghold of where the Spanish are. Oh, and the key detail in this whole plan, they would not let the Filipino fighters, the ones that had been doing all the actual fighting against the Spanish, join them as they stormed towards the walled city to deal the final blows to the Spanish. It's their country. And this would mean that the Filipinos technically didn't gain their independence. It was actually the US who conquered the Spanish. And then the Spanish are like, oh, can you give us $20 million for our troubles? And the US was like, yes, sure. So now the US wins the war and they claim sovereignty over the Philippines. So yeah, this happened. They did the fake battle. I'm getting goosebumps here. This is a thing. Instead of liberating the Filipinos, they just say, hey, where are your new colonizers? Sorry. Meanwhile, back in the United States. I don't know if you can see this, but this gives me goosebumps. It's just, ah! Ah! I need to calm down. This is just so bad. What did I watch this? They got to keep up this white savior, liberation narrative that they created to justify going to war with Spain. So you see a lot more theatrical PR by the government. They staged this giant military parade in New York City, where this military commander who did the fake war, George Dewey, marches down. They call it Dewey Day. It was like a two-day parade in New York City. They created a big military arch for him. He became a military hero for having liberated all these people from the Spanish. And then you start to see these crazy advertisements, like the soap advertisement that has George Dewey, the commander, washing his hands with the caption, quote, the first step towards lightning the white man's burden is through teaching the virtues of cleanliness. And on the side, you have soap being offloaded in the Philippines and being given to the locals. What the heck? The US had to frame this not as conquest, but as the honorable duty of the US to civilize these people or in the words of the so bad, quote, to brighten the dark corners of the world. What is insane, like, geez, this isn't the end was so bad. Okay, like advertising back then was just crazy. Like, it was so racist. It was just so, it's just like, it's so bad. It's incredibly bad. It's just so crazy to know how many times it got invaded and how much, whoa, the Filipino people have actually endured. It's just mind blowing.