 Don't you miss a close-up Lucy intro? I don't know why I always hold the camera so close to my face. Is that better? Is that? Is that more normal? Is that how George does it? I think that's more like a George angle and I'm like, hello It's so heavy. Good morning guys. Welcome back to another daily juice You join us on a Sunday morning today. We were up at 7 a.m. this morning We've got in Shao. We've had a couple of cups of coffee and bed. We've gotten ready for the day and Quick weather check. It certainly is a sun day today. Very sunny. Nice blue skies Great visibility of this view and we're checking out today a spot that we've never been to Not only in the Philippines, but worldwide so we're trying for the first time Tim Hortons Which is a Canadian? I think it's like a coffee shop. I don't want to offend anyone But I feel like it's similar to Starbucks. Let me know in the comments if I'm along the right path here We've lived in the Philippines for over a year now. We first came here over two years ago now and there's a spot Felly near to us that has a Tim Hortons We always walk past and think it looks really nice, but we've never tried it. We've never been to Canada. We've never been Two of Tim Hortons in our lives anywhere. I don't even know if they are in the UK. Maybe they are I don't think I've ever seen one. I think it's a Canadian place and there's a few worldwide as well So let us know in the comments if you're a Tim Hortons fan what you order there Hopefully you're excited to see what we order today. We don't really know what to go for We've heard the double double is very famous, but it's exciting It's another first time video for us. It's another new thing to try here despite having lived here for a while now But we feel like because it's Sunday morning you know that the supercars are on Sunday Around BGC around the kind of Burbro circle area, which is where we're gonna go this morning and we think it's like the perfect spot to like Watch some cars drink some coffee order some food Maybe they've got a breakfast menu Maybe it's just like more lunchy food. We'll go and check it out But yeah, we're excited So thank you for looking on the video today if you're on your aunt here And you can hit that subscribe button then please do that really helps us out It means a lot and give the video a thumbs up if you're excited something that I have noticed unintentionally follow me George into this mirror So George is wearing a very cool outfit today. He's got this like logo here in his color My t-shirt I'm not really a t-shirt is it is the exact same color so like we're perfectly coordinated today We're in the same we're in the same chain. Did you stick that mine? No it's mine. It's like a rose gold one. Lucy often steals my chain I'm hiking for you now. We are gonna head out now where my sunglasses got my sunglasses got the vlogging camera grab our face masks new normal guys and Let's go for a nice Sunday morning walk Yeah If you want to know what George is doing I don't mean to start the vlog on a complaining though if you have a dog and it does some business In the street where people walk clean it up Because there was just a ginormous lump of you know what on the floor That's been trolling on by many people and stepped across a whole street because someone didn't clean it up And I saw somebody have a day of a dog that didn't pick it up on the running track So if you have a dog just a friendly reminder, I'm sure you guys watching all clean it up But if anyone watching the dozen now George is gonna have to get his shoes all clean So yeah, loads of people are so much all across pavement Gross, now we're trying to find a puddle to clean it. It's okay. It has gone. Yes But it is such a nice day today. It's beautiful weather Super warm, but not too hot not too humid. It really feels like a Sunday morning. You say that early But it does it's why it's blue skies. It's sunny the air feels fresh Everyone is saying good morning to us. Yeah, really nice friendly laid-back relaxed vibe Yeah already seen like a classic Porsche here perfect day lovely. All right. Let's not get too distracted by the car So I'm getting a little bit hungry same very cool Wow, it's busy today all around the circle from around Super nice car tonight Dream car stuff right here. Yeah Look at the inside it's got like the roller bars. That is called roller bar robot robot. Oh my god Welcome to I thought I held it for you This looks insane. Oh my god. These donuts I mean try to do this thing. Actually, pretty stuff. I'm amazing. Not really. These are quite famous. We're friends. Timbitts. Oh, yeah, I'm kind of I guess today's a cheat day then is that I didn't really expect it to be but I think we're gonna be a bit naughty here This is our first time at Tim Hortons. Yeah, what's your best seller? I Want to try a few things Double double There's we get a farmer's breakfast wrap a double double. Yeah, I'd like to try some of their frozen stuff as well They're drink okay. No, they cook all the food. It won't be frozen. They work And I think we should get some timbitts Oh Okay, we're gonna have our first ever double level I think it's gonna be hot so I'm actually gonna take the lid off Firstly the color is I mean George and I like black coffee and we like Uh, like flat whites and like not we generally don't put milk into black coffee if that makes it like this This has got double cream or double sugar double sugar double sugar I think So have a look at the color. Already. It's not looking like our standard coffee go team But this is raved about and so I'm excited to try Wow, that's sweet that the fun is like a dessert. It's like coffee cake. Really? Yeah, super sweet. We're having to sit on separate tables Yeah Do not drop it. It's quite a flimsy cup. You've got the maple leaf land on the side. Oh cool I like the branding and stuff. It's cool isn't it? Yeah We've been watching loss of the blonks Canada series vlogs road trips and he's Canadian blogger and He tried a double double in every kind of province they went to and he he was rating them is it good? I'm expecting it to be very sweet It's pretty good actually Do you know what it's not as it's nowhere near as sweet as I thought it would be when you read it online It says double cream double sugar. Oh I can tell why they were drinking these on these road trips those cold mornings Now we've got the iced cap which I guess is a cappuccino with ice like a slushy. It's not just with And whole ice to you just like I guess Not ice is blended so it's more like a slushy kind of texture Oh my god In St George really God that's like the nicest ice drink. It tastes that chocolate. There's no chocolate. It tastes so creamy so it says I don't deserve to sure but it's insane. It's not too sweet. There's a bit of like a coffee flavor So it doesn't make it taste sweet and really surprised that that Right That's it It just gets to the point though where it's not coffee That's not coffee obviously it has a little bit of coffee in but so much sugar so sweet but Wow Pretty addictive That is incredibly delicious kind of hazel nutty. Okay, so we're waiting for our sandwiches actually the cooked Which is great. So I guess it's all freshly done And we've got some little timbits here and so many people have said how great these are so I think I think I'm I think they're like little donuts And we asked them to just mix the flavors up so we've got a load of different flavors in there to try Such a good spot to have some food and coffee something I will say the price is very good So we ordered let me just give you a rundown I can actually see the menu here still it's perfect So we ordered a sausage and egg biscuit a grilled ham and cheese croissant Wasant I mean I say that ever the farmers breakfast wrap which the lady suggested because she said it's like one of their best sellers Uh, we got the double double double the iced cup and then we got 10 10 bits and a maple cream donut because we That was very Canadian with the maple and that came to 700 pesos which I mean we've got food for I'd say three people to have like a main thing and a dessert 700 which I thought was very very reasonable. So you've got a ton of different flavors I think we've got some chocolatey ones. We've got some ones with sprinkles. I think this is just like the most plain one So it's just got a little dusting of sugar Hmm look at that That's really good. I don't know if that is just plain For like I'm tasting Sugar something else. Oh my god. I can see how you get through a box of these very quickly Thank you And then we've got this one here which oh maybe there's jam inside You see that a lot like jam to me It's like a mini jam donut They look amazing. I think you should have some of this with The donuts Oh my god. Are they good? Yes. Have some. Now try the chocolate ones. Yeah Okay, so they brought over the first item which is the The ham and cheese croissants We're from in France or wasong a little flat I think they must lay it on um, I know but I think it's on purpose because it looks like they've laid it on a Grill or something Okay, so you can see it's like char grilled and stuff pretty simple to be honest. It looks just like plain ham and cheese, but That's good nothing overwhelming but a ham and cheese croissants you can't really go wrong with that I don't think I am super impressed by this. The ham is high quality Probably thick ham that you get. I mean, the UK would always use to make ham and cheese sandwiches with this kind of ham We had a ham and cheese croissants from Seattle's Batscoffee a few times Which is full of like this like creamy sauce. It's a little bit sweet This is way better than that. So technically this should be the star of the show We told them it was our first time coming here and we asked them what their best said it was wow This is heavy and they said this the farmers Breakfast wrap Ah a little bit of sanitizer from my sister In the UK we have McDonald's breakfast wraps. I don't think I've seen them in the Philippines although I could be wrong Let's open it correctly. It literally says do not open here. So there's really similar packaging to the Donald's actually And I think in here we have sausage egg hash brown. Oh, smells good and a sauce that I'm not sure what it is Oh my god, wow If you've ever had a McDonald's breakfast wrap and not had one of these This is way better in my opinion. We have to wait about 15 minutes for this. They've made it all fresh. Oh, this is good If it was quality, I thought this would be like Kind of like fast food So this feels like slightly high level of quality. This is a full meal for breakfast for sure The sauce in that wrap was a little bit spicy which surprised me. It's like slightly tingling on my tongue But now we have the sausage and egg biscuit because biscuit in America and Canada is something totally different to what a biscuit is in the UK In the UK we call a biscuit something like a cookie. Oh, this looks great. Have a look at this. Wow So this is maybe like I don't know is it cornbread or is it I'm not entirely sure But it looks really good. We got sausage egg and cheese That is really good comparing to what you could pick up in the morning if you're in a rascal like a Starbucks Seattle's coffee and McDonald's breakfast or something both of these things Way prefer this have to bear in mind it has been cooked fresh again look at the cheese in this Let me give it a bit of a squish satisfying Squish to show you guys. Jordan's looking at me laugh of crazy Oh We had a lot of comments in our recent oh a few of our recent food videos actually saying guys what you doing to me I'm so hungry watching this people like waiting for their dinner to cook or something watching it thinking wow I need to eat this food so sorry. It's probably a similar situation today I Love that bread It's such a different flavor that I've ever had than I've ever had Yeah, yeah, I think McDonald's tastes more greasy and unhealthy this I guess isn't healthy But it doesn't feel greasy. It feels more like a hot if someone made our home like a homemade version all these things Oh, look at that So cool. I really like this cheese is so good I said to George he couldn't finish these but I might finish this actually now change my mind I'm already going into a sugar crash from all these sugary drinks and donuts, but just to top it off and just to end it on a high today on a high sugar today We have got this delicious looking maple cream donut So there's something in the UK called Greg's is the it's Greg's just a UK thing Greg's is like a pastry shop donut you get like pasties and the state bakes delicious Coffee yeah, chocolate tea whatever and it's cheap and it's all laid out kind of similar to in here earlier And there's something in there you get which is a caramel donut like on the top of this caramel on the top Not maple just you normal caramel and the inside's filled with custard so it's like a custard caramel donut It's my favorite thing ever like it tastes incredible The caramel's cold and no the custard's cold and then you've got the doughy outside and the crunchy caramel It's so good. It looks exactly like this. So if we're in luck today It's gonna taste similar. So I guess the creams like a custard and then the top is like maple syrup So far so good waiting for the cream give me a set Mmm there it is Is that feel like it it's like the Greg's George no guys it's gonna be my usual spot now every day eyes You're gonna see me down here. Where's Lucy? I'll where's Lucy? Gone where she gone with lost her oh she's outside Tim Horton's eating a maple Cream Don't know again Fourth time this week. This is not good. This is really good. It's really not good This is the nicest taste them there the maple syrup is it a nice little extra that twist as well The cream is so good and again, it's that cold cream inside. I don't know what it is. It's a side of it. Oh Look at that So we are both incredibly full. I don't even know if I need to eat for the rest of the day So we're gonna take a little straw and try and walk a little bit of that off But that was really good our first time trying Tim Horton's Very impressed actually. I didn't know if I'd like it compared to like some of the other coffee shops some of the Change yes Starbucks and Seattle's and look done orders and things you pay a similar price of them But I think you're about the quality you get much higher Yeah, it felt like I don't know it was because it was all cooked fresh today for us But but it felt like the quality was a little higher so we were Impressed with that any other things you want us to try guys leave a comment below if you want to see it Well, look at these cars man Some beautiful cars here. It is super-car Sunday for us in BGC But if you want to see more that we have other vlogs from super-car Sunday Yay our friends over there Um, yeah, we can go over there and chat to them We'll come over the staff was so friendly as well And they helped us decide what to order and they asked for our YouTube channel name at the end I think they're probably watching this video So thank you so much for some delicious food today Please give the video a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it subscribe for channel if you're new and we'll see you very soon again in another daily juice bye guys