 All I keep hearing is how he's healthy. He's healthy. He's healthy. He's done so much to help others. Other businesses, other relationships to help them get to the stuff like now. We're talking. We're talking. That's good. That's the person you want to eat life. That's definitely person you want to eat life. That's a principle to have like if you want to read light you won't get in trouble. You won't stop. You know, I'm saying Giving back, you know, I'm saying when you make it at the top of the hill It's a principle of life because it says lonely at the top, but it's only lonely because you choose not to go back down to people to help them out. So when Babe What's good, y'all? It's a dumb shits react and we're back with another video who we got today see today We're back with another American reaction super excited about this video guys if you do so, is it? Make sure you scroll down, hit that subscribe button and turn on the post notification bell because we're on the road to 100. Okay, and we can like it there without you guys. Alright join the family without further ado. Let's get into the video. Lendously both locally and even internationally in 2015 the company had a net revenue of about 672 billion pesos and a gross profit of 132 billion pesos as of the latest 12 trailing months the company now has over 1.4 trillion pesos in net revenues and a gross profit of about 218 billion pesos. Yes, now that he is the leader of San Miguel Corporation We know that he is one million corporate leaders out there But what we need to understand is how how did he get to where he is? We got to get a story. These are the questions we need to understand the letter he had gone into and the actions he had taken Led San Miguel Corporation to where it is today. We can trace where Mr. Ang first started where he first appeared on the board of Directors for San Miguel in When he was at the age of 43 many had assumed that he was merely the chairman's glorified executive assistant Who was at the time known as dandy Kuan Kuan who recently took over Andre Soriano's chair Nothing was known about Mr. Ang. He had no business affiliation stated in the company's annual report and was all but a close friend of Kuan Kuan co-sum yet upon an interview with Kuan Kuan He had praised Ang for Turning around his cement manufacturing firm and was described he say cement manufacturing firm. Yes, see it more See it. I like to see it. Yeah, I like the way we say see it, but it's right So good. Um, well, I was gonna say it matters who you connect yourselves to yeah, 100% okay Yeah, no affiliations. He was a friend of this man's son It matters. It does I think there's a conversation by itself that we can write shit. Oh a lot of life Bike Kuan Kuan as a successful businessman upon appointment as vice chairman Ang was noted by San Miguel executives as the one who had already been running San Miguel's day-to-day Operations and to whom the company's president was reporting during his stage as the already elected vice chairman Ang was not just like some business man out there. He was already very wealthy. Okay, an old source in 1999 by the right now is gonna be my question because I kind of thought like because he was in this type of fear he had money You know, you got to have money being a type of work right the top of the business at 1999, but that was my question He just answered it just wants to highlight that because I know he was already in a field of like a billion dollar Corporation, but then you had to be over it to at some point Come on, man. Eastern economic review of Hong Kong estimated that he was worth at least 250 million US dollars and much of his wealth came directly from his heavy equipment business Importation and property a year later as the dawn of the 21st century Romanoang is seen to be strategizing the future of San Miguel corporation on January 11th 2000 it was reported that he was finding investors for a possible Through the billion pesos for aclamation plan somewhere in Roxas Boulevard one of his potential investors was the famed Hong Kong billionaire Lee Kashin, but that very project would stumble upon challenges They did to a supreme court battle by 2001 San Miguel would yet again come into rocky roads the government was still against the entire chairmanship of Mr. Cohen Co and there were fears that if the government took the 27% stake in the company He and Ang would step down fortunately enough for them that did not happen by 2002 Ramon Ang would be named the official president of San Miguel But as some have noted he was already running the day-to-day corporation and the title was nothing but a formalization In the same year Ramon Ang was seen taking up a big stake in Phil Webb Which was equivalent to about 10% of the company Phil Webb was a big company mostly operating and the casino industry Some of the most notable feeds about Ramon Ang are not specifically about his day-to-day operations But rather how he helped the corporation target its goals to enable expansion by acquisitions and new facilities Hearing is how he's helping. He's helping. He's done so much to help others other businesses Other relationships to help them get some stuff like now. We're talking we're talking that's good That's what you want in your life. That's definitely person you want in life. That's a principle to have like if you want a real life You don't get in trouble you don't stop you know, I'm saying Giving back you know, I'm saying when you make it at the top of the hill It's a principle of life because it says lonely at the top But it's only lonely because you choose not to go back down to people to help them out so when Hey now that's a bar of room. Hey now that's how you beat them. All right, let's we're gonna just do Some motivational speaker. We'll get back to it. Okay. Oh my lord Took a small stake in Phil Webb, but in San Miguel Corporation's view He was there when the company had I'd local and international expansion in 2003 Ang and San Miguel announced a two billion pesos bottling facility plant for one of its alcoholic beverages known as Genebra San Miguel around Batangas It was also reported by financial times London that San Miguel has been looking to Asia for its next rapid revenue growth The news magazine in an interview with Mr. Colanco stated that he was hoping that San Miguel would increase its presence around Southeast Asia including China and Taiwan to allow the company to continue posting double-digit growth Despite the Philippine economy being sluggish by 2004 San Miguel had announced a production facility in Malaysia That would target the local country and also Singapore the Joe Horbaru facility as stated by mr. Ang would enable San Miguel to lower its cost of business And that plan was to acquire a 20 hectare property in a greenfield project a year prior However in 2003 Geuron Beverage's company a Japanese conglomerate had acquired a 15% stake in San Miguel Which was reported to be good for the country and for the economy Finally one of the last few major acquisitions done in 2004 was when San Miguel acquired a Malaysian packaging firm Which mr. Ang has cited that they had confidence in Malaysia for its pro-business policies by 2005 San Miguel Corporation was now rocking. I don't know. I feel like with everybody everybody wanted to work with him I think they had to add in money upfront to let him know this is what you'd be with this what you can acquire in the future If you work with us, we let us sign you this deal now Right and give it to you and you could guarantee you're gonna see this every day not every day But every time you know the ball drops So yeah, I feel like the people that he was working with was definitely on his side with this and what I like about it is the people He was working with they it wasn't the same things You know a packaging firm Has a diverse portfolio sorry Jump know my words today, but a diverse portfolio yeah 100% The entire Philippines market their sales revenue totaled 148 billion pesos in 2003 and 174 billion by 2004 and is now looking to target 300 billion pesos. How are they going to do it? Well, Ang had led San Miguel in the acquisition of a major Australian company which it bought for a whopping $1.8 billion US dollars National foods they're acquired company was a leading company in the entire food and beverages industry But Ang has stated that he was a very expensive acquisition which led them to consider selling at least percent of the company to minimize cash outlay But surprisingly they did not sell 49% of the company but rather 100% of the company to Kieran the Japanese shareholder of San Miguel for a price tag of over $3.1 billion dollars in just two And as a win at health San Miguel I see anything about a million or you know a few thousand Everything is in the bees, but like do really talking money into anything less obviously And then he going for the top for the top So huh, stop playing Off it more than a billion dollars even when they held the company as a subsidiary It was already making profits for the parent company National foods contributed 11 billion pesos or 280 million Australian dollars with 180 million pesos in operating income from June to August alone and an official 170 million dong dollars in operating income by 2006 2007 and 2008 were very crucial years for Ramon Ang because it saw a global financial recession and continued growth through Mergers and acquisitions from San Miguel Corporation one of its oldest brewery businesses was spinning off No-ness San Miguel brewery secondly They had also gone on to acquire the Bank of Commerce which led the corporation to enter the banking industry Despite being in the middle of a global recession San Miguel Corporation continue to acquire major companies and strived hard to see a continued change in business dynamics In 2009 a shocking event would however unfold Ramon Ang who is now 53 years old is looking to retire in an interview with the Wall Street Journal Ramon Ang said that quote I've always planned to stop working and enjoy my time when I'm 55 The Wall Street Journal credited Ramon Ang for his role in national foods in which they use some of those proceeds to acquire stakes in Pitchron Corporation and Mandela Electric Corporation Unfortunately two years have passed by and Ramon Ang does not seem to have retired He would go on to experience the biggest breakthrough of his career into that That's hard to let go Like when you put in some light you gotta be passionate to hold on to some of the play with this amount of money and still help people without you know I'm saying what I'm thinking that someone's gonna try to pull a crooked on you And then in the long run know that you want to retire that's like that's hard to let go Retirement is not that easy I love how he stamped his name with everything Man they're gonna always love him he always gonna have someone support Yep In the 11 he led the company to stage big investments They had announced a 10 billion dollar merger and acquisition spray and soon after bought Philippine airlines They had also seen their shareholder Kieran Holdings sell their stake and Think what airline company We started from food Some beer beer over over it low that's beer beer yeah And we expanded He went all with Australia electricity He got it all okay he tried to take over the world There's a daddy I want to have those conversations to be good Yeah 10 billion dollars Through its conglomerate status led them to enter the infrastructure business But that was not the big breakthrough of Mr. Aang After he led the company into growth he went on to acquire a stake for himself Yes at that point Ramon Aang was just acting as somewhat of a leader of the San Miguel Corporation He was not the owner of the company neither was he even a major shareholder But by 2012 he swooped in and bought 11% of San Miguel Which was 493 million shares priced at about 75 pesos each for a total of about 37 billion pesos And as times showed neither his retirement nor his small 11% would stay the same He would go on to continue leading San Miguel And his own company known as top frontier investment holdings which he owns along with Inigo Zobel Holds about 61.78% of San Miguel as of the time of this writing One thing No way people say Sam Miguel they go on no of Ramon Aang Right right I love that you know it's so the retiree he went back to work And he wasn't even like again he was just a leader That he was taking in and he did something that was important Like he went back into the business and he bought a share of it and now his income is more lucrative He don't have to worry now if he do retire when he do retire he accept Money will still come in non-stop smart man But now understand just how Ramon Aang went from being a normal businessman in the Philippines To taking San Miguel Corporation in his hands But anyway do let us know He was a leader That's a smart move Like he pushed San Miguel to be the biggest of the biggest amongst the biggest of the biggest Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah then at the end he bought a share Yeah he's got shares Yeah he's that one friend everybody would love to have Mm-hmm especially like Anio Karn, oh yeah help me in your corner he's gonna push you He's gonna let you know what's what Yes but this was a cool little documentary We hope you guys enjoyed this video with us Like this video subscribe turn on the post notification bell We haven't even asked super thanks if you like to put the channel that way As well as our reaction requests for us in our description box below We'll see you soon Peace