 Hey guys, I'm Ko Poshiyoshi and this is my younger brother, Kohei. So we're going to react to 10 rare animals only found in the Philippines. Only found in the Philippines. Only found in the Philippines. Only found in the Philippines. Only found in the Philippines. So it's only in the Philippines, right? Yeah, yeah. Only the Philippines. Can I watch? I don't know. 10 animals native to the Philippines. Archipelago nation made up of 7,641 islands. It is known for its many beautiful beaches, delicious fruits, and exotic island tourist attractions. If you go to the island, you will find no lack of fun and exciting things to do. It would take more than 20 years to spend just today on each of the islands, but you should make sure to carve out some time to see the amazing wildlife. The Philippines are home to a host of exotic and exciting species. Oh my gosh. They had pool. They had pool. There is ocean, but they had pool. They are people who don't want to be in the ocean. Why? An animal's native to the Philippines. 10. Philippine Flying Lemur. The Philippines Flying Lemur has a bit of a misleading name. It is technically not a species of lemur, and it actually can't fly. What's up with that? Well, you'll be relieved to know that this beautiful species can actually glide for distances as far as 100 meters. What does it do this? It has a foot long tail that is connected to its front legs with a skin membrane. The result is a monkey looking creature with big, bat-like wings. They also have clawed feet for fast climbing. As a nocturnal creature, it spends its days passing to the side of trees, sleeping and resting. But at night, they glide from tree to tree, eating fruits, insects, young leaves, and flowers. Because fruit is one of the major agricultural products of the Philippines, the locals actually considered this fruit eating lemur up at. That doesn't keep us from considering it a beautiful Philippine species and putting it on our list. 9. Philippine Cracket Isle. Let's get a bit more dangerous, shall we? The Philippine crocodile is a comparatively small species of crocodile native to the Philippine islands. As a fresh water crocodile, they can be found in lakes, rivers, ponds, and the elephant is not a dolphin. Cracket is a crocodile. It's like standing. It's like a crocodile. It's like a crocodile, it's a little bit of a turtle. And especially marshlands, you can tell a young hatchling by its golden brown scales, but the species thick-scale lean armor gets darker and darker, the older it gets. While you don't want to get too close to its broad jaws, its diet mostly consists of small mammals, birds, and lizards. But don't let that fool you. But don't let that fool you into thinking that they're harmless to humans. Despite being a smaller breed of crocodile, they still usually grow 2 meters long. And the largest recorded Philippine crocodile was 3 meters or 9 feet long. You won't find me getting near the business end of those teeth. Unfortunately, because of this fact, humans have been known... I'm 6 feet. Yeah, you're 6 feet. And 9 feet is bigger than that. Yeah, so that's... Bigger than that. Bigger than that. Yeah, and it's like a shark board. As you said, okay. It's like... So, Philippine crocodiles. It doesn't help that their skin and meat can be sold for profit. The crocodile is a protected species. Let's hope that their number jumps back up soon. Number 8. Palawan peacock fesent This bird is drop dead gorgeous. The Palawan peacock fesent is known to be an elusive species of bird. But if you manage to catch a glimpse, you'll be rewarded with a great view of a beautiful shining coat of rich blue feathers. You'll know it by the distinctive crest of top its head and the male's distinctive tail feathers. The Palawan peacock fesent is named after the peacock for a reason. Well, not as extravagant as the peacock male's lavish tail feather display when it fights off predators or tries to woo a mate, the Palawan peacock fesent is capable of extending its tail feathers in a similar way. The plumage is covered in robin blue spots that resemble eyes and help to scare predators away. They also use this extravagant display in their mating rituals. The Palawan peacock fesent is one of those rare species of animal that is truly monogamous and both parents typically help to read nearly hatch chicks. Number 7. Yeah, it's the same size as a piece of this. Yeah, I saw it. Yeah, I saw it. Yeah, you're just still the video, right? I just watched that video. Bra. The Tamaraw is native to Mendooro. One of the largest islands in the Philippines and so locals generally call it the Mendooro Dwarf Buffalo. And this name is right on the money. The Tamaraw looks like, well, a Dwarf Buffalo. They are small and stocky, a gray black color with a stout pair of straight backward point horns. Even though they're small for a buffalo, they still weigh a stout 200 to 300 kilos. Do you want to catch a glimpse of wild Tamaraw eating bamboo shoots and grass and forests and grasslands? Unfortunately, that's getting harder and harder to do. A count in 2016 placed the wild Tamaraw count at only 430, placing it on the crucially endangered species list. The 100 by poachers for sport and meat and human population growth is relentlessly threatening their habitat. Luckily, the most recent count places their numbers at 466 to 494. Let's hope that upward trend continues. Number 6. Dina got bushy-tailed cloud rat. You might not think of a species called a cloud rat as an exciting species of wildlife to seek out. In many ways, the Dina got bushy-tailed cloud rat is the holy grail of Philippine wildlife. It is the rarest of eight species of Philippine cloud rats, all of which are either threatened or endangered. It made its first appearance only in the 1970s and wasn't seen again until 2012. That's four decades between sightings. It's no wonder that many conservationists thought the species was extinct. They are a tree-dwelling species of rodent that feeds on leaves and they can grow up to 2.5 feet long. Because of the uniqueness of this critically endangered species, it is the mascot of the Philippine biodiversity conservation foundation. But studies of the species remain limited due to how difficult they are to find. Well, like I can say, is if you're lucky enough to encounter one of these rare creatures doing your trips to the Philippines, count yourself lucky. If you enjoyed the video, then make sure you find and click that like button down below. We're trying to reach 500 likes this time. Can you help us get there? Number 5, Busan, Warty Pig. Alright, back to the animals. This is another extremely rare species of animals driven from their homes by deforestation during the 1970s and 80s. Today, only around 300 of them live in captivity. They were named for the quote-unquote warts on their faces. But Mohawk Pig might have been just as appropriate for a name. They can be recognized by the distinctive, tough of hair atop their heads, and that has been described as very Mohawk-like. Believe it or not, this floppy mane is grown by males every year to help them attract mates. But you'll also want to keep an eye on the sharp tusks that extend out from their faces. Yes, those can be quite dangerous, but that doesn't mean that their species deserves to be completely eradicated. Despite strict government poaching policies, they continue to be poached for their meat which is considered a delicacy by some. Thankfully, the species is breeding well in captivity and efforts have already begun to reintroduce them into the wild. Number 4, Philippine Moose Deer. What would you get if you took a tiny little field mix with a graceful deer? Why the Philippine Moose Deer, of course. Okay, this species isn't so small. It's actually a moose deer hybrid, but judging by looks alone, it might as well be. Only growing to 18 centimeters at the shoulders, they are hard to spot in their natural habitat, hiding amid thick vegetation. And if you do manage to find one, you'll only get the briefest of glimpses before tiptoes away on its dainty little legs. Like many of the other species on the list, the Philippine Moose Deer has suffered a blow to its population from loss of habitat and hunting. Like the wordy pig mentioned just before, its meat is considered a delicacy. Number 3, Wellshark. I will admit, Wellsharks live in far more places than... ...and the waters of the Philippines, after all, the ocean is a big place. But since thousands of them migrate to the Philippine, Elasmaux branch Mecca from December to May, they deserve a spot on this list. Sometimes reaching lengths of up to 40 feet, Wellsharks are the largest species of shark in the world. So large, in fact, that they have often been mistaken for whales, thus the name. But don't worry, they aren't after humans. They swim around close to the surface to catch tiny food sources in the water like plankton. Do a YouTube search and you'll find plenty of videos of scuba divers safely swimming around massive Wellsharks, as they may end or around them in the deep blue. In the Philippines, the prime time to spot a Wellshark is from February to April. And so, if you're more of a beach and ocean type of person, then a jungle lover may be you would enjoy one of several tourist attractions in the Philippines devoted to swimming with Wellsharks. Number 2, Philippine Tarsier. Chances are you've seen one of these small primates pop up on YouTube before. Their distinctive appearance gives the Philippine Tarsier plenty of airtime on wildlife programs like our own. With their long, spindly fingers, compact appearance and absolutely massive eyes, there really isn't anything that looks quite like a Tarsier. In my opinion, it constantly looks like it's just seen the most shocking thing you could have possibly imagined. It is one of the world's smallest primates and everything about it is built for nocturnal life. One of the first things that you probably notice about this small creature, the first time that you saw it, is its massive eyes. Well, these are perfect for seeing it night. Likewise, its large conical ears are very sensitive, capturing and amplifying sounds very effectively so that the Tarsier can use its hearing as a tool to navigate dark jungle nights. You might know that Tarsiers can be purchased as pets through some exotic vendors, but you might want to think twice before buying one. These animals cope terribly with captivity and often don't survive the ordeal. They are better off left to the wild jungles that they love. Before we reveal our favorite animal native to the Philippines, thank you so much for watching. And while you're thinking about it, why don't you go ahead and share this video with your friends? If you liked it, I'm sure they will too. Number 1 Philippine Eagle Once known as the Monkey Eating Eagle, the Philippine Eagle is a powerful bird. In fact, it is one of the largest and strongest species of eagles on the entire planet. On top of its impressive size, the Philippine Eagle has an impressive long arched beak and distinctively majestic long crown feathers. Move aside, bald eagle. Here's a bird that managed to keep its hair and it looks truly regal. In keeping with its reputation for strength and superiority, the Philippine Eagle also eats lemurs, snakes and bats. But the best thing about the Philippine Eagle is its success story. Not too long ago, there were only a few of these birds left. They were on the verge of extinction. But thanks to the Philippine Eagle Center, their numbers have sprung back from the brain again. They've been saved from extinction for now. Hey, thanks for watching. Want to suggest a video? Let us know in the comments section below. Make sure you're subscribed to our channel for more great content just like this and don't forget to click the bell icon so that you can be the first to know whenever we release new videos. In the meantime, why don't you sit back, relax and watch some of our previous videos. Don't know where to start. Our Wildlife playlist has plenty of videos just like this one. We'll see you there. Oh my gosh, that was so crazy. Crazy? Yeah. Seven crazy animals. I mean, 10 rare animals. That was your favorite. Look. This is the cold one. The most rare animal here in the Philippines called Kisumosa. They have good eyesight. They can see up to 20 meters they have good ears too. Wow. The animals that only found in Japan is not like this special. Crazy. These were just crazy animals. Like so unique and original. Yeah. My favorite was this guy, the most dear. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's my favorite too. You can say that. So thank you guys for watching. We actually enjoyed this video. Please subscribe to our channel and also hit the like button as well. And also please subscribe. Did I just say that twice? Please. Please subscribe to our channel and also have a good taste. See ya. Bye.