 Good evening everyone. Hi everyone, good evening. Welcome to another vlog. Welcome to our channel. This is great. I'm Giroud. So guys, if you haven't yet, please subscribe to our channel. Please like our videos. And don't forget to watch our videos from the beginning to end to help us out to reach our milestone. Our next milestone is a thousand subscribers, at 4,000 hours of views. That's quite a lot. So yeah, we will appreciate your contribution as well. So please click that red button right there. Subscribe and share. And the gray one. Looks like that. The gray? The gray light button. Oh, the light button, not the thumbs down. That one. Well, that's up to you. Either way, tonight is the question and answer session. Tonight. We got some questions from our subscribers and viewers. Are you ready? I don't know if I'm ready. If it depends on the questions, you didn't want to share the questions with me. I think I saw one of the questions. So it's nice. So, so great. Yeah, so if this conversation turned violent, we could have R18 on this vlog. If you will have a block eye later. Anyways, watch out for next video to see if I have any additional scars. Yeah, first question. Yeah, who sent the first question? It's from Mam Jula May. Jula May. Shout out to you, Mam Jula May. Hi, Jula. So Jula, what's your question? My question. Are you guys arguing? Does he use the talk slang of weekends if he's mad? I guess that question is for you. How are you guys arguing? How do you argue? Guys, he's a guy, so guy. And just joking. I don't know what do you think. Do I reuse slang? When I argue with you, do I ever say something that you don't really know? Well, Africans, we don't use Africans when we argue, but you kind of mix slang in a way. And sometimes I have to say, huh? Like that. Say it again. Just making sure I heard it right. No, she usually say that again. She's challenging me. You argue more. Oh, I say this. Say it again. Are you sure? Yes, well, I think I'm not a very vocal guy when it comes to arguments. Yeah. It's not like I'm swearing that much. I must be really angry before I start swearing or very frustrated. So maybe when I'm really angry or frustrated, I might use a few slang swear words, African swear words. But hopefully that doesn't happen too often. I try and hold my tongue with this one. Yeah, normally when we had an argument, he doesn't talk that much. And sometimes I go, feel like, are you listening? Yeah, that's the pose of another argument. That's when I took quiet. Yeah, I'm talking and talking and talking and he's just sitting. So I'm allowing her to vent. You're not giving up too much. But then I think that's good though. That's good because there's a woman in this, we get with this, you know, temper. We are angry and then the guy will talk back more and it's just in mind. And it's good that you are quiet. Remember what you said. I'm quiet. But sometimes it's also nice if you get respond like acknowledgement. Yeah, as long as they like the response. Yeah. Alright, so yeah, so arguments is something every couple has, I guess everyone argue in their own way depending on your personality. I am an introvert. She is like somewhere in the middle. She can be introverted sometimes, but she can be very extroverted. Yeah. So I guess depends on their personality. So if I don't really, I don't feel the anger. So I would just like her event and just listen. Alright, let's go to the next question. Okay, I hope you like our answer. I'm Jolomey. Next question is from Rocell Violet. Rocell, your niece? Yes, she's very curious. Okay, what is Rocell's question? Actually, she has three questions. What? Yay! Her first question is, when is the date you guys met? Oh my god. Okay, so date. There is a, I mean, that depends. The first time we actually make contacts like we add a conversation or when we had a real chat because, okay, actually, we haven't made a video about our story, how we met yet. But I think many of the viewers know that we met online. Yeah, we met online a dating site called Date in Asia. Actually, I'm the one who saw him first. I'm the one who messaged him first. Oh, yeah, we're not telling the whole story how we met. That's another vlog. But the point that we're trying to make is that see message me and I think I replied after a day or two when I got the message. I mean, all two. Yeah, but it wasn't really. You replied to me right away. That's what I'm saying. You didn't. Okay, that's a life-harded argument because I remember in the beginning, there wasn't much of a conversation. Yeah, that's true. I was making a comment, replying to the comments or answering one question, something like that. But I think the day we started, we know for sure that we started really conversing and having a good conversation was on the 3rd of November. So that's also the date we chose as our Montseries. Of course, yeah, the Filipinos like to celebrate Montseries or something we don't do with the parties. I've never celebrated. Well, maybe the first few months, we'll celebrate, yeah, it's now now, now it's two months, but I've noticed after like four years, she was still so happy Montseries. Yeah, it's true though, it's an amazing month. But the 3rd of November, yeah, it's our, I would say the day we really met because that's when we actually had a good conversation. Yeah, we talked until morning. That's right, yeah, we really started heating it off once we really started chatting. What's that next question? The second question is, what do you like about each other? That's so easy. What do you like about each other? Everything resound, I like everything about your aunt. I think I got attracted to me most about Grace, I would say when we started chatting and I started to get to know her better, I think she was very sincere. In the way she spoke, I think all this, in saying that she doesn't want to speak behind her words. And yeah, the longer I get to know her, she has very good heart, very innocent heart. Well, that being said, that innocent heart, very sensitive person sometimes. But I mean her sensitivity is admirable in a way, just show the kindness of her heart. So, I think yeah, if I have to pick two characteristics, your sincerity and your good heart, maybe attracted me a lot about you. And of course, your beautiful appearance. I found a very attractive feeling once we started. The first time we were on camera together, I remember thinking of myself, it's actually very attractive. Her photo profile picture didn't do much justice. I look like a rock star, I was very... My profile before, that was like, wow, seven years ago. Good question. What do you like about me, honey? This lovely guy that you met. Well, what I like and love about him is he's very, again, sincere, loyal, gentleman and honest. And he means his words. And of course, guapo. And yeah, I think from all the, you know, what woman wants is, he has it. And I always feel like everyday. I'm gonna blush. Are you? Are you? That's true though. Because every woman dreams about humble men, gentle men, a responsible man, anything. And you are 99% yeah. I'm glad she feels that, right? I know I have qualities that are lacking. That's what I said. There is no such perfect ingredients with comes to person and the comes to relationship. So the other part where it's not included in the ingredients is you have to... Where you call that in English, you have to compromise. Yeah, that's what makes the relationship. Yeah, you have to accept the good qualities and the creative qualities of the person, and in the end of the day, you like the good qualities is what initially attracts us to the person. And I think the good qualities, a reshadow, the bad-naked qualities. And we have really good connection with comes to talking about anything. And that's very important in a relationship, connection. The chemistry. The chemistry. So, for the third question, who is most annoying? Definitely. Okay, who is most annoying? Yeah, I think it's me. I think I will begin by saying the things, what do you find annoying? Because the different people, different qualities that might annoy you depending on what annoys you. I mean, in general, I don't find you annoying to be honest. I like her company. I feel always comfortable in a racist company. So, I don't easily get annoyed by her. I think what annoys me sometimes is, if I have to think of one thing, there's one. There's another one. So, I have to pick one. Lax is not a serious annoyance, but it's like that can sometimes annoy me is when she said something. And I didn't hear the last part of it. So, she would say, remember when we went to Coconut Bay and we had that coffee milkshake. And then when you spilt the milkshake, the cat came and licked it up. I said, the cat what? And she would start the whole story again. She would go back to the beginning and say, remember when we went to Coconut Bay and we had that notice. Instead of just telling me the last part, you know, it's like, I just want to know that last part. That's the only part I haven't heard, you know? Well, I don't realise that I'm cheese. I don't know if I'm doing that. You can do that a few times. I guess in the beginning, it seems like that you don't really pick it up. But after seven years together, and it happens more often, then sometimes there's a little bit of that. I don't even realise I'm doing that. I don't even realise it. Well, of course, you're not going to annoy me on purpose, I hope. And I'm going to do it more often, then. All right. Anything that annoys me about you? Yes. In person. Well, same way is like how you respond to me, you know, when I... Like maybe I'm saying it right away and... I mean, again, and I still don't understand your response. And you maybe you get annoyed by that. And that's the time I get annoyed by that responsibly. I told you. Actually, that's true. So actually me being annoyed and always... Yeah, I think it's... Yeah, as far as the connection, the vibration. Yeah, it can be a chain reaction. So, yeah, so... I don't like repeating myself too often. So if it comes to the third time, you ask me to repeat myself. I'm like, my God. This, this, and this. Just listen. And then I will respond like, why are you talking to me like this? And then, yeah. And then it changes the whole mood of the conversation. But it's normal. For every relationship, it's normal. Well, I guess it's partly my fault. I mean, I have a problem of mumbling sometimes. That's me! And I said it two times. Why haven't you heard me? And also the difficult, one of the most difficult in a two culture. What you call that is the language barrier. I'm trying to speak in English and then trying to let him understand. But I use a different English word. And then I think he gets it wrong because he doesn't understand it the way I want him to understand. Yeah, I guess that's always going to be there. I mean, she's pretty fluent in the language. But yeah, her way of expressing it. Maybe some small grammar of the text. And then I make understand it slightly different than I should have. But I don't think we really have that serious answers for who's most annoying. Mostly we talk about it and we... Yeah, I think every relationship, the longer you stay together, the better you get to know each other. And the more comfortable you get with each other, you know this. Oh! God, now I just thought. But I once said, I don't want to embarrass you. It's something to do with toes. Yeah. That's all I see. Can I say that? Yes. So I'll send it to you later. You watch the TV series or watch my movie. And I just see this... And it's her busy picking her toes, the dead skin from her toes. And I find it's... Yeah, I find it so annoying. Especially when I can hear it. And I also catch up from the peripheral vision of my eye. I can see something going on there. And then I can hear it. I get really annoyed. And then the next time I know, I'm just here. I'm trying to stop that. Yeah, I'm trying to get it out of that habit. It's just a habit, yes. Everyone likes to like, bite the whatever. Everyone likes to scratch your... Everyone has a habit. I hope you yourself violate all the answers. And shout out to you. My pretty knees. And next question is from Roj M. La Bita. And that's her nickname. So it's in Bissaya. So I want you to read it. Really? Yeah, and say it louder. There's so many lights. The flesh. And your light is so bright. Where is it? There. That one. Yeah, not there. This one, this one. Kin Sae... Oh wow. Kin Sae Pa La Awa Sa In Yon Duha. Oh, fast. Kin Sae Pa La Awa Sa In Yon Duha. And? Yes. What? Kin Sae is what? Yes. What of the two of you? Duha. What's something the two of you? I don't know what's Pa La Awa. Pa Awa is like... Are you a thing or something? Who likes to argue? Who likes to argue most? I got the real one that was you. Me? No one's going to argue against that. I think she's the one that's always up for her argument. You just admitted that I will keep quiet. What I will just say is what I wanted to say. And as a woman... She feels she needs to say what she wants to say. This is my advice. This is not about arguing. This is my advice to all the women out there. Sometimes it's good to speak out. Sometimes we are not arguing. We are just... We just want you to know how we feel. They want you to know how angry they are. Yeah. Okay. So, I think... So that's a question. Who likes to argue more between the two of you? Yeah. Yeah. No. I don't know. I don't enjoy arguments that much. Unless I get offended and I will say what I think. She likes to express her feelings. Like I would guess most women actually like to. I guess men in general, we tend to keep our emotions more intact. Women are more expressive with their emotions. So, in that sense, I would say that women are more up for arguments. Sorry. Well... No, not all women. Not all women, but it just follows on the questions about us. Because I don't want to offend you. You feel not all women likes to speak out. That's true. For their own reasons. And I agree with Grace. That's it. It's good for women to speak up to us. Yeah. Let your men know what you feel. What do you want? So, there's no confusion. Yeah. And of course, that being said, even if you express all your emotions, I'm still confused sometimes. Why are you feeling that way? Welcome to the woman world. Yeah, it's one of those life mysteries. Yeah, I hope Roger Anne, you like our answers. And the next question is from MJ Baheg. That's your sister. Yeah, shout out to my sister. Of course, she also wants to ask questions. No, that's so gonna ask. So they didn't ask. So, you're sitting right there. Why didn't you ask? So, well, okay. Her question is, what is the memorable moment that the both of you cannot forget? Oh, what's the most memorable moment? What about the moment? Can I go first? Yeah. Because I noticed you keep on going first. And just joking. Well, the most memorable moment that I will never forget is when we were in China, I was working in China as a singer. And then we found out that I was pregnant. Yeah, that was like a month and one and a half months pregnant. And then I had this mood swings. And I hated him. I don't know why, but every time I see him, I don't like him. Because I don't know, hormonal, whatever. So, I caused an argument again with him. And then I just went because it's two rooms in our apartment. So, I went to the other room. I locked myself in. And I was just crying and crying and crying there inside. And you know what he did? All I heard was a guitar playing. And he's on the outside the door, but he's singing there. And he never stopped singing until I am okay. Oh. And that's to me, I will never forget that moment because that is so romantic. I didn't realize I was such a romantic. Yeah, that's what I did. Yeah, I remember that. Well, okay, that's wonderful. And I decided to open the doors. And there's a memorable moment. Yeah, we had a few memorable moments. I would say the first one comes to mind is the first time we met in person. So, I remember getting off the airport and collecting my bags from the baggage claim area and walking outside, trying to scan the crowd where is Grace. But actually, I was carrying a mobile phone for someone else. So, I worked with a colleague and her daughter came to the airport to pick something up. And she was sent into her room. And I came out and I tried to scan where is this woman. You know, I got to see a new crowd. I wasn't even sure she was there, to be honest. But then, yeah, so I arrived there and I'm like almost in the crowd. And actually, my colleague's daughter, Rick, asked me for a seat. And I was like, oh, hi, hello, Kiran. And then I said, hey, how are you doing? And then I gave her the package from her mother. And when I'm talking to her, just being friendly and saying hello. And then you came up to me. And then, yeah, that's the first time we met. So, it felt a little awkward because my focus was shifted to the person, the other person there. And then she just suddenly popped up there. And we met and I think we gave each other a hug. That was very awkward, isn't it? The first meeting to all of you who have long distance relationship and then you plan to, you know, meet for real. I'm telling you, it's the first awkward moment is in the airport. Yeah, that's very first moment you meet. It was quite awkward. But, yeah, so that's the first time I've ever met her. Exactly, I was tiny. She actually is. I didn't realize you were that tiny. And so, yeah, and then we got into the taxi. I said goodbye to the other person. And I said, yeah, now we need to go. The taxi is waiting for us. And then, yeah, once we got into the taxi, we started chatting. And yeah, suddenly all those nerves and awkwardness just dissipated. Yeah, it disappeared. And we actually had a great afternoon at Coconut Bay that day. That's how I was remembered the first day we first met. So, what else? There's more. There's one more. It's from Anata Basa in my marine. What's that? It's actually the mother of Roger M. Who works abroad? Oh, I've never used. She's been working abroad for those hours. No, Anna. Anata Basa is the one who's working abroad. Which country? Kuwait, I think. She's in Kuwait, right? I have Anna. Yeah, I shout out to you, Marine, Comusta. So, he wrote the questions in Bessiah. So, again? Yes, you have to learn Bessiah. I don't know. I like to give you a hand. And some more. He's a good man. So, he's a good man. Wow. I guess. Is this like a texting style? Are these words actually words? Yeah, yeah, it is. But I mean, the way it's written is not actually the way it's spelled. Like, what's that did? Good. Yeah, messing with all. And then, nah. Yeah, okay. I find it confusing. I don't know those acronyms for the text slang. Okay. What is, you can translate for us. I have no idea. This means, wait, wait, I'm going to read it in Bessiah. I don't know if I like to read it. I don't know if I like to read it. It's a good thing. He's asking the language of the language. He's asking you to answer. So, the question is, what does she like that makes you fall in love more? What do you like? Makes me fall in love more. Well, I think, yeah, actually, now I think about it. I'm not such a difficult question. I've mentioned, I mentioned Anna that something that attracted me from the beginning was her sincerity and her good heart. So, actually, yes. I think her kindness to other people as well as strangers, you know, just be really giving and very generous to people. I think that's something very admirable about Grace. I can tell. You just have to eat carrots. Yeah, it comes very natural to her. It's very admirable. I think, yeah, I admire her for that. I mean, I like to think of myself as a good-hearted person, but I'm not sure her. Yes, her generosity is just amazing. So, yeah, that's definitely also an advantage. And something very admirable about her. That makes me love her much more. Can you see it? There's a big heart, heart. Right. Okay, I think I have to answer that question. Yeah, so that's all the questions. Yeah. Good, guys, thank you for making me sweat and for all those questions. Yeah, and I hope you are satisfied with all our answers. And we look forward for you with other questions. Yeah, we'll have more of this question, answer, or vlogs in the future. We'll let you know when we're going to do that. And then you guys can post your questions on Grace's Facebook wall. Yeah. And yeah, we'll be happy to answer those. In the meantime, I think announcement. It's Grace's birthday tomorrow, Friday the 28th. And we'll tell you tomorrow. We'll be happy to say that. 42. She's telling 42. So, yeah, we'll have a celebration tomorrow. We might take some footage of the celebration and put it on YouTube as well for you guys to view. So, yeah, we'll celebrate her birthday and Saturday, depending on the weather. So, we're going to go down to the ocean side. And we're going to, I'm going to try some local salt fishing. And so, yeah, check out all the doubts for that video as well. So, for now, we would like to say good night to you guys. And we hope that everyone is safe. Everyone is healthy. And please don't forget to subscribe to our channel. Please, yeah. Thank you again for watching. Hope to see you guys soon. And forget to share. Keep watching, please. Thank you. Good night.