 I already know, sorry, I feel as is keeping you. I love this workout back to my channel. So I love this workout back to my channel once again. My name is Happiness and Natuani Bums. And on this channel, I feed on my faith in God, lifestyle and food. And right now, I'm beginning to find interest in thinking about the feelings or about the Filipino culture because your girl is gonna believe in the Philippines very soon. So I have to make good use of the resources and my time here. So in today's video, I'll be talking about my culture, shocks, we have any Philippines. Yes. So I wrote them in my phone. The kiss is seeing me looking down. Please be with me. All right, so the first culture shock I had in this country, then this sensitivity over the same gains. Yes, it was so shocking. I came in my arms. And so it was extremely shocking because in Nigeria, like, gains to know how to freedom that gains heavy and Philippines. If you're a game in Nigeria, you'd be sentenced to jail for forcing good years. So seeing gains with just so shocking, I was like, Oh, wow. Wow. You're so, so, so shocking. So that was the first culture shock I had in this country. Next one was, you know, for the Filipinos, when they want to start a conversation, a cave with a foreigner, they don't know why they'll just actually like, Oh, that you, do you have a boyfriend? This kind of like, did personnel questions in your first interaction with them or your first conversation with them? Well, in Nigeria, like, you can't ask people randomly like, Oh, that you, the, are you in a relationship? You don't look at you like, what's bringing that leg? Like, what's the meaning of that? Where the Philippines like, they don't know mine. It's, there's nothing to them. They can just ask you, how old are you? Or are you in a relationship? Yeah. So that was like my next, kosho show. Next I had was seeing that Filipinos, it rise with everything. Every single day, Filipinos, it rise with it. Yeah. When I saw that. I remember clearly when the friend of mine took me and my brother to like in a south for the first time. And we ordered for food. I saw plain rice and chicken. I was like, where's the, where's the sauce? You understand? Rice and chicken only or rice and hot dog only, plain rice with hot dog or plain rice with chicken or plain rice with fried fish. I'm like, what? Where is the sauce? Where is this stew? I can't eat this. But now, I'm at that place, so I'm going to eat. So that was next, it's like they looked at like, you're working at people that are just looking at you from the gym. Why are you looking at me? I remember when I first came, you know, my first year, I used to run to school. The thing is that my school was not so far from the house, okay? So we're bored and I'm looking at if I'm going to school and working. People are always looking at me. I was tired of running. Like, what are they looking at me? It's nice to be a shy person, do I'm kind of like, bored at the moment, but then it was so bad. It felt like I did something bad, like a crime. Because in Nigeria, like people would only look at you that bad, without being able to do something wrong. You understand? So it was so shocking. And the next one is seeing that the security guards all have same uniform. Year in the Philippines, all security guards have one uniform, but in Nigeria, like they have different uniforms. So I'm like, oh, okay. That culture shock I had was like when I go out to eat and then I noticed that people just collect their plates. Like at that, it's like you live your plate without even cleaning it or I mentioned the plates were like also. Because in Nigeria, like when you don't eat, even if you're eating the restaurant, do you have to clean up your plates? You have to tidy your table. Not like you're going to wash the plates, but you have to make sure that the table is no meat. Where in the Philippines, like at that you finish eating, even when you want to help some people clean up your table, like the cleaner, clean up where you at. To be like, oh, no, no, don't worry. I'll do it, I'll do it. I'll do it. Okay, okay. And I want to get in. I had some drinking, coke or drinking any mineral with plastic. Ah, and it's so sweet actually. It's so sweet like drinking minerals or soft drinks in a plastic bag, really. Yeah, and the one I had again is going to like get something in the mall or yeah, going to get something in the mall and then the salesperson just will be like, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, like you know they will let you breathe. I was so shocked, really. One of the cultures I've had so far in this country is when you don't always want to touch your hair, like you're in a market or in a public place and you want to touch your hair like, oh, it's just, what is this, this is so weird. And I first gave it to a so weird and it was so shocking like, why? Because in nature, like, who's touch your hair? Nobody has the time to touch, you know, touch your hair and it's so cool. Yeah, the flipping is like, it always looks like, oh, is this your hair? Is this your, is this extension and all that stuff? Yeah. Other cultures, I had was seen that here in the flipping Christmas test at September. Eh? In Nigeria is by the Zepal. The other time I went to the, to the mall when I first came and I was very Christmas songs playing. I was like, what's going on here? Like, it's not here Christmas. It was too, it was so, so shocking that day. And then on the culture shock, I also had was the fact that the flipping was a very fish and when it comes to line, like, you have to breathe for your tone. In Nigeria, nobody cares if you, if you be this is six, eight, do just pass you one, go and do whatever you don't. Whatever, transition they wanted to do, just pass you into the acquisition, come out. Where in the flipping you have to wait for your tone. So it was so shocking and it was quite very hard for me to adapt to that, like, stay in line and wait for my turn. It was, it was hard. It was really hard adapting to it. Other culture shock I've had so far is the one of noji working. The video is got all babies and regulations on a serious mix. For me. Because in Nigeria, like, we don't really obey rules and regulations, not even traffic lights. We know it's a way for traffic lights for it to show go, which is the green light before they would go across. When Nigeria, so just cross any how. So I had to start laying to wait for the traffic light to give me go sign, which is the green, before I can cross over. Or they want to know you're working. Hey, they cut like how you can imagine that there was a time I was, oh, jeez. Okay, I was going to deliver food for my customers. Okay, here in the laylucity. And then I was kind of like two big bags of foods. And there was a bridge in front of me. I didn't want to eat the bridge because I felt like it was quite a lot of stress. I said, okay, what about I just cross over? Let me just cross. You know, the cost of my lady are cross. Look in there. It's just for me to just cross and meet the cost of my you all. I was stopped. I had to use the bridge like, why? Why? Why? So that was so, so shocking. With the fact that you can actually be stopped on the way if you're not to pay the rules and regulations and all that stuff. Yeah. And let's call sure. Shock I've had is when I saw that you can eat anywhere like you can eat on the road. You were so shocking because in Nigeria like no, no, no, don't eat anywhere. You don't eat anywhere. For here, you can eat anywhere. One I want to gain was when I saw that people actually wear like this and uniform like more flag uniform and stuff. In Nigeria, no, you don't. Like if you do that and any army man sees you on the road, they would punch me. They are going to give to you. Oh, Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Oh, yeah. You can wear it. But not in Nigeria like the army uniform. Not in Nigeria. So first, you're not an army. You have no rights to wear their uniform. Anything related to their color. Look, or today for you have no rights in Nigeria. One thing I want to gain is that when I came here, I saw that people actually use spoon and fork to eat. It was so shocking because in Nigeria like we use spoon and knife or we use spoon but yeah, like they use spoon and fork more. Yeah.