 So just recently they had the big earthquake in Philippines. Luckily we were not affected. We're hoping for everybody that was affected is okay. I know there were some people who died in that earthquake. So that can always be a terrible thing in the Philippines earthquakes are common. It was the northern part of Luzon so it was quite a waste from us. So yeah just a bad thing. We hope everybody's safe and their families are okay and property is okay and all that. So Seal was checking our CCTV and it looked like our car windshield had a big crack all the way from top to bottom. After the earthquake. Right after the earthquake. Yeah. And then I looked and checked our house if there's damage and then it happened. I see a crack in the car. It's big like this big. Yeah almost all the way to the bottom. So I showed it to you. I still have a screenshot of our CCTV. That's the windshield. Oh my god. I showed it to you and then you say yeah it looks like crack. Yeah. But I said I couldn't imagine the earthquake causing a crack in our windshield. I said I didn't see anything that fell in their car but it looks like crack. Yeah so I was worried that something fell and hit the car. So Seal's mom went and checked closer and she said no it's just dirty. No crack. Sure it's dirty because I haven't seen this in a while. I didn't see this. And then it turns out it was a reflection of something else. The CCTV gets a shadow of our wall and our fence. Yeah it did. It looks like a crack. But so after going through all that finding out that our windshield there was not crack the same day a rock hits my windshield and my truck and cracks my truck windshield. So we wound up with a crack windshield anyway even though we didn't think we would. So really strange I've had my truck for four years and yesterday the first day I've ever had a crack in my windshield and it was the same morning that morning we just found out that our windshield and billi-teens is not crack. So I don't know maybe that's some kind of car or maybe I've done something wrong. Maybe that's some kind of a sign we don't know but very strange. Strange timing. Drive the same roads every day. We both get there our own way. This will end in apple tree. How different do souls can be. But we both grow from the same sorrow if we both know. We'll be together tomorrow. I can be like a tree in the wind. Same old ribs but I can bend. Turning to understand and sway together. Now it's almost like a dance. Rendering of stubbornness. It just cuts us deeper through. The longer I'm away from you. Yeah we fight good. We make love better if we both know. We'll be together forever. I can be like the tree in the wind. Same old ribs but I can bend. Turning to understand and sway together. Hey everybody. Good morning. Welcome back to our channel. If you guys are not a subscriber go ahead and subscribe. We'd love to have you subscribe. We appreciate everybody that does and watches the videos. So if you like the videos give us a thumbs up and share the videos. So the other day we had a little bit of an issue at our home there in Belonga, Philippines. We had some water damage inside the house. Cecil's niece noticed some water in our bedroom on our bed. And then also in our back porch right off the back of the house. So they kind of sent us some video with some pictures of the damage to the ceiling. And we had to get Cecil's mom to go and investigate a little further once we saw the damage. It's one of the things that people deal with a lot there is water damage. Heavy rains, flooding, all that stuff can cause all kinds of problems with people. Especially now it's rainy season. Yeah so for us heavy rains are an issue sometimes. We have an older home but it's in very good condition. But we've had a few issues here and there with the roof. We feel like our roof's in pretty good condition but with us not being there all the time it's hard to just kind of do the upkeep on all that stuff. So I think we probably need to do a better job of kind of maintaining and upkeeping our roof areas that we continue to have issues. So we figured out Cecil's mom actually hired someone and brought him over to the house. And this was somebody that Cecil knew by you before I guess when you were younger. So someone that we were familiar with and he came to the house and he found that we had part of our guttering had come loose and the water instead of going down the into the gutter and down the downspout it was kind of just traveling along the ceiling of the back porch. You know sometimes water travels in strange ways and it can sometimes hit a flat surface and travel along that surface and just collect there and cause problems. So what it did is it kind of stained our ceiling out there on the back porch which I believe that's plywood. So if it needs to be replaced it's an easy fix. If it just needs to be primered or painted that's pretty easy fix. But we did have him go ahead and repair the gutter where it had come apart and hopefully that takes care of that problem. The problem with our bedroom has kind of been an ongoing issue for us because what we have there is above our master bedroom is a balcony and that balcony has a wall that goes up about maybe four feet about to the top of Liam's head maybe and then the rest is open and then it has a roof over the top. So water kind of collects there and it's right above our bedroom so it doesn't extend out past the exterior of the house it's actually right above our bedroom. So there's a ceramic tile floor there and we have to really stay on top of that and we haven't lately but that edge around that where the floor and the wall comes together needs to have caulking probably every year new caulking because we've had to do this now a couple of times as somebody go in and scrape all the old caulking and put new because it cracks it ages pretty quickly in the heat there and then it leaks like the water goes down anywhere there's a crack or something or it separates. Yeah when we move there the damage is in the bedroom and also in our closet walking closet. Yeah and that had been an issue for years it looked like because the all of the shelving and the cabinets in the walking closet were rotten. So the water had been leaking there for many years and we figured out where it was coming from had that fixed and then we did the whole closet. We had to replace all the cabinets and shelving and we moved in and I think that we had to do some work on the ceiling in the bedroom. Yeah. I think we did when we first moved in. So we kind of got that under control but we just haven't kept up with it well enough. So that's been an ongoing issue for us. We hate to get rid of the balcony but we almost thought about just closing that up and making a room out of it because I hate the idea of that being open right there and catching all that water all the time. There are downspouts that come out of the floor of the balcony. So in the corners we have pipes that go down and takes the water out but it's an ongoing issue and something that we just need to stay on top of and get fixed. So we got all that taken care of and I think we went up spending $35. Yeah, $1,500. Well we paid I think a thousand for materials and then we paid, well it's just $20 and I think we paid the guy $14 for the day. Half day. Yeah, for half day but we paid him for a full day and a little extra for his time and travel and everything so happy to have that fixed. So we had to run back to the truck. It started raining pretty hard. We got rained out. Trying to do an outside video and we got rained out which we're thankful for because we've been in a pretty much drought conditions here in Oklahoma so we're glad to have the rain. We've been kind of waiting for it to rain and rain hard and it looks like we're going to get quite a bit today. So that's a good thing. We're not complaining about that but we had to make a run for the truck. So I'm a little bit out of breath. Running up the hill. Now easy on me. So yeah maintaining a home in the Philippines while living in the US is kind of a challenge. Is it disadvantage? Disadvantaged. Of having a housing in the Philippines. Yeah, there's some challenges. Yeah, it makes it difficult when you're not there so the best advice I can give is just try to have someone who can keep an eye on your place on a pretty regular basis because you just never know when something might happen. You may have a window that gets broken and you want to know before it rains again. So if possible, have somebody check on that a few times a week maybe if you can because any any problems you want to know about them pretty quickly. So for us, Cecil's mom goes probably a couple times a week. Yeah, three or four times. Sometimes more but normally at least a couple times a week. So she likes to go there and stay there. Sometimes eat lunch there and just hang out and relax. Yeah. So if you have someone who can live in your house, I guess that's always a good situation there can be and it could be a bad situation I guess depending on who it is. But in our case, Cecil's mom has her own house and she's really not interested in staying in our house all the time. She has her own place. So she needs to be home and take care of things in her home. But for us, it works out pretty well between the CCTV cameras and Cecil's mom going there several times a week. We usually know if there's a situation or not pretty quickly. There's all kinds of things that can come up issues with your house. But for us, the biggest thing has been rain. Water issues. We haven't had any issues with rain. Oh yeah, that's the common. But for us, the big problem has been rain. Water leaks, roof leaks. We have a roof over our dirty kitchen that's been a constant problem. But that is a kind of a patch together roof that somebody made. They kind of made that into a dirty kitchen. I think it was just an outdoor area at one time. But they didn't do a very good job on the roof. So we're going to have to get a new roof over that at some point. But the roof has been a problem for us. That's common problem in Philippines. Yeah. Yeah, because you know, all the caulking stuff I get separating things. It's not like a metal before. You know, to me, like the base for the house, for the roof and then there is a under the... Oh, the trusses for the roof? Yeah. Four houses would. And then once the roof leaked, it damaged the number to affect all part of your house. Yeah, you sure that's in metal. You're going to look like that's very old days. Yeah, we have we have wood under our roof and you know, a ceiling area that's in our city area. Because our house is old. And we had applied with ceiling. We just removed that because constant problems with water leaks and always standing that ceiling. We didn't really feel like we even needed a ceiling in an out and door area like that. So we just removed it. And it's just open that. So if there's a roof leak, now you can see it. But that's just an outdoor seating area where she's talking about it. No need for a ceiling. But yeah, water leaks, roof leaks has been our problem. And mainly our biggest problem has been our balcony. So we thought about just closing that all up. But we kind of hate to because of we're putting limbs or conditioner in that window. Yeah, if we put an air when we put an air conditioner in a Liam's bedroom, the piping and the condenser part would probably be out there on that balcony or very near the balcony. So kind of create some problems if we close that up of where we put his air conditioner. But we might get figured out. But we kind of hate to give up that balcony for now. So we'll probably just keep it as is for now. We'll do a better job keeping up with the maintenance on the on the cold king to keep that water out. So that's all for our home repairs. And I just want to talk a little bit about trying to maintain a home there while you're living in the US or Canada or wherever you are. The rest of your time, it can be difficult. It can be challenging. And everybody has their own specific issues that affect them. For some people, it's flooding. For some people, it's water leaks like us, earthquake, like you said. But I would say the main two issues is probably flooding and rain water coming through the roof, roof leaks. So those are things you really had to watch out for. So we'll end this video. The rain is getting pretty heavy now. So good topic for rainy day, I guess. Yes. Water leaks in the Philippines. So thanks for watching everybody. Take care and we'll see you on the next video.