 What's these made up of? he put these at high frequencies Ayället Handsome You so looks yummy Again, with some breakfast Tian Tian feels really good Mmm, ω Where is local rice 해? We come to Hong Kong ch If y'all see this food Smoky Smoky Smoky Smoky Smoky Smoky Smoky Alright so what's going on here guys we're taking us to a new strip to Bantayan Island because there's a spot it looks like a curved sand bar river like you see in Australia a very famous spot a tiny version from that but it's here in Bantayan my friend Jack he's actually they gathered to discover it for that I found on social media so we're gonna go there and check it out just to take this one picture that's the mission we spent a one day in Bantayan and then we head back to simply tomorrow and then perhaps we'll go to Mindanao if everything goes according to plan we also got some followers in you hello I'm so so so smart hey guys welcome to the blog there are spending the day in Bantayan as well yeah we got about one hour drive on the boat it's very hot so see you guys in Bantayan hello almost there nice here and up yeah yeah yeah there's Bantayan guys we're almost in Bantayan Islands it's in big I've never been up here it's a pretty cool view yeah it's okay it's going to be really cool yeah one says okay one says nothing it's alright it's alright it's alright I'm from Mindanao holosulo holosulo what part of solos holos holos it's a big mission no but I've been to solucine Palabá okay we got beautiful day guys we're gonna go go to the bike and run to town subscribe to my channel try to buy the hotel it's so loud! here you guys bye bye bye this is the busy followers I got to town! Buy the best of state tonight! And this is my room. Absolutely beautiful. They got amazing new beds, brand new shades of their soft and smooth, big tea as well, air con, nice decoration and curtain, everything. And really good wifi as well. I uploaded a video yesterday so it's very good. Nice bathroom hot showers. And for only like $28 or $14,500 pesos and that is a bargain for here in Bantayan being so close to the beach. I mean, me and Shilin stated a resort on the beach for $100 a night over that or something for our Valentine's date. And I was not good as this. This is very good. So if you come to Bantayan, I'd recommend this one, Victoria Hotel. It's really nice. It also has a decent and the balcony over here looking over there. Main street, this is where you come in when you arrive in Bantayan. This is the main road and it's only about two minutes walk to the beach. I really like this place because it's a renovated. It's not built as a hotel but they turn it into a hotel. Give it a little bit of a character. And when you drive into a Bantayan or Santa Fe area, it's just here on the right. Victoria. The Island Wife. I'm not quite sure where I'm driving but I think I'm at the right spot. And it's a lovely, flash-sending road surrounded by this greenery all around us. This is amazing. I love the Island Wife's here. Go here or there. Ule and Ule and Duf. Kekil and Mikro. Kapel and Iki Pane Ule and Duf. I want to go this way. I parked my bike here on the beach or close to the beach but... Are you seeing this house? I'm not sure. I'm not sure if I can see it. I'm not sure if I can see it. Are you seeing this house? That is a massive bamboo house. Wow. I don't think I've ever seen such a big bamboo house. This is Dream Guy. This is a dream. One day, one day. Let's try to start saving some. For the future plans, the Philippines. We're here at the beach. Look at that beach run, huh? Very nice sand. According to Google Maps, we are close to the area. It's called here in Bantayan. We're going to try to spot it. Try to find it. By walking the beach. Wow. Look at that curvature. It's good for Instagram. I'm born. Can I just walk here straight? Better to walk there. Okay. Look at that. Oh, yes. This area is amazing. What's up, guys? Hi. You got me here. I'm Sasha. Nice to meet you, Sasha. What's up? You're from Finland. Iceland. Iceland. My name is Finland though. Finland is always safe. Finland. Finland is always safe. Finland is no. That's right. You got me here. Yes. Guys, see. We got some friends as well. Department tourism. Just send me the check. We can get all the way from New York. The greatest. We can think of where to hear. Nice one. We love it. How's Bantayan so far? Oh my god. We want to live here. Yeah, I know. It's so secluded. It's such a nice beach. It's sand, white and white. And best of all, the island vibes. Just drive. Everybody smiling. I'm on a motorbike. I'm like, oh my god. Don't post it. No. Because if you do, then too many people will come. That's true as well. It's right. That's true as well. But, you know, I think about it a lot actually. You know, but when you think about it, you know, it's kind of selfish. It is selfish. And if no one is exploring it, it's just going to be unknown. Exactly. And everybody needs to get some of this happy juice. Yeah, and plus. There's a happy juice of going on over here. Happy juice. It is. We're talking about coconut or coconut wine. I can't talk. Coconut wine. We have a hat of you. You shit. Oh, everybody's been telling us about that. Tuba. Tuba. You guys know right? Tuba. Sweet. It's really good. Sweet. And natural. And cheap probably. Very cheap. All right. Nice meeting you guys. Nice meeting you. All right, guys. We have two locals from Bantayan. We're marking. Eric's on. Eric's on. Mark and Eric's on. This is the problem with me. I'm so bad with names, but I remember faces. So, I'll put it just for that. It's okay. Mark. No, Eric's on. Eric's on. What's up? Eric's on. It's a shoe, my business here in Bantayan. So, in Santa Fe, we're going to go eat there later on. But we're chilling here at the beach. Having some tag guys, retours, and enjoying the day. As well, meeting some international tourists there from New York. And they saw one of my videos and they told me that that's why they're here in the Philippines. So, that's very inspiring to hear. Oh, yeah. It's nice, right? Yeah, it's so nice. We're just chilling here and chilling is beautiful paradise. We're going to fly the drone a little bit more. And then we'll go back to town. So, we're going to go to the beach. We're going to go to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the beach. We're going to the데i.етаалаq iakido. It's a beautiful whole beach. It's a pretty big beach. It's not so nice to have a white house, it's like a flamingo. It blames the country of transitional回去, it's like a very warm – now because I as well forgot two of my batteries for the drone and I only had one to fly it so maybe I'll go back and get the batteries and fly them because the lighting now is just perfect what a paradise plan super friendly locals here from Bantayan, Erigel Mark unreal unreal so just well