 But you're Friday. The freshest. The Gusto Conan Bumitao Challenge. Gusto Conan. That's what I said. Gusto Conan is an acimacone word. Yeah, that's what I said. It turns out so, because this song, Mori said, made it. Well, she's so sang it. I think Adonis is the one who arranged the Adonis tabanda. But TikTok's been gone mad with his song lately. And there's lots of challenges that you keep sending to Valesca. If you'd like to send videos, you can tag her at WLSK15 on TikTok and on Instagram. So we're going to check out the original, because I haven't heard much of the original. But now I was wondering where he came from. It turns out he's this. But I was going to say, yeah, it's Mori said, so let's give it a watch. And then we'll look at other people. Oh, Jesus. Yeah, there he is. Yeah. She looks amazing. She also sounds incredible. The feeling. Oh boy. Woo! Woo! Woo, cheers. Wow. Oh. Woo! Woo! Okay, just a breathing. There's no breathing in that freaking phrase. That singing phrase is so... That's one whole phrase. One whole singing phrase. Oh, my God. Holy fuck, dude. Okay, so... Oh, man. Yeah, that's a chat. Let me finish. Oh, my God. Holy shit. How can anyone be that good? Retonkulous. I'll be more than happy to review the whole thing. Again, if you guys would like us to do a separate video. But... So it has gone viral for obvious fucking reasons. And people are just so singing it left and right. Yeah. Oh, it's already on... Can I roll? Yeah, it's such a popular song. And I'm really supposed to. What a voice, wow. Wow, it's so gentle. Okay, the working dynamics of vocal dynamics are so strongly... Someone mentioned it there in the comments. Oh, yeah, look at that. It's like, no one talks about dynamics. Yes, very good. To be completely honest, the whole idea of the working with the tender and soft at the beginning. Obviously, the song is about this crazy heartbreak. I think we kind of like reviewed it. I think it was one of the live streams that she did. More said it. And people were saying that it was... They always did for like a... ...harm-breaking... ...teller of the city. And everybody was like, oh, yeah, it's... ...when you get to know the storyline, it's... It makes it a more sense. So obviously, the working dynamics is... ...key. Yeah, it's needed. Oh, it's so nice. What a change! Oh, look, that... Oh, look, dude, that... ...raised it. It's so long ago. I think the person singing... ...the person recording was also singing. Because I had to check viewers in here. Because it sounded like it was layering. But it wasn't because they were recording, actually, it was a bit off. Kevin, Kevin, come on! What a freaking voice, huh? Nice. So what's the original song? The one we heard. This is the more said version. Okay, but... The challenge is the more said version. Oh, so, okay, Adonis is the arrangement. Yes, that's right. But you're saying that the song is not new, though. No, because I think there was another singer that made it... ...I think, like, a couple of years ago, I don't... Yes, so the song was the original. I don't actually know. Oh, okay. Well, but this is obviously the one that's become popular. Yes. I don't know the more said. Yes. Wow, she's got... ...whoop! ...whoop! ...whoop! ...whoop! ...whoop! ...whoop! ...whoop! ...whoop! ...whoop! She's actually growled, isn't it? ...whoop! It's such a working... ...whoop! ...whoop! Wow! What a resolution! Yes, she really... She's been... ...in the keychain. ...she's been really interested in soul and... ...can I jy-y-y-esque stuff? Oh, I see where you're going. Oh, so there's a lot of interesting... ...she had a really kinesthetic feel of that keychain... ...because of the way that she was leaning back... ...and how she was feeling her body and stuff like that. It's a really good tell of where exactly she was leaning to. Ah! Ah! You said you'd go to the club and pretend you're having like a back spasm. Do you get spasms if you're pregnant? Yes, you do. Do you get spasms if you're not pregnant? Yes, yes, yes. Why is it specific to being pregnant? I don't know, because I just thought the word spasm was directly correlated to pregnancy. Definitely mad! Isn't that... It's not though, essentially how the baby comes out. No, it's spasms. These are contractions! Contractions! That's the word! Ah, what a match! Oh my god! Yeah, just pretending you have a contraction. No, and it's spasms. So, contractions is directly correlated to pregnancies. You can't have a contraction if you're not pregnant. No, you... Your muscles can contract to the point of creating spasms. Yes. But the term itself... Word contraction, people related it. That's what I thought spasms was. That's my word. No. Mixed up. Anyway, it's good to call them Navumitao. It's a good word. It's a good word. Whoa! It's a good word. It's a good word. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whoa! It's a good word. It's a good word. It's a good word. It's a good word. It's a good word. It's a good word. What the fuck? I love that. I love that. I love that. Pibujas. Thank you. Salamat, Pob. You know, lip syncing is, you know, chandupon in different parts of the world. One of the parts of the world where it's really like badly looked at is the Philippines obviously. Yes. But I live on the edge. Ah! I want you to bring the video back with the fun. You can't do that shit. You said it. Someone's going to clip that shit and the needs can have to put it everywhere. You have to delete this. You have to delete that. Because you edit. I will not. Listen, the fact that you said yourself up so nicely there. I just trust you. Plus, I mean, this is my couch. You forget that. I got this. So if I come to it here, where? Where? Where? This guy, Kevin. Oh, Kevin, Tra Kenja again. What the fuck? Kevin, just Kevin. Kevin. Kevin. Kevin is everywhere. Come on, Kevin. That's his. He's singing in Tesco's and his living room in a Marxist's Benz. Yes. Okay. Now this is not Kevin. This is Aurese. Wow. It's funny. Look. Oh. You know what's crazy? What I love about this steak though is the mix. It's a freaking mix. And yeah, it's so physical. Like the whole rib cage is engaging and it's moving and it's shifting and it's changing. And there's also a lot of freaking dynamics in the way that is choosing to go towards the belting approach. Because it's not full-fold belt. Compared to everything that we have seen up to this point, even more research. It does a full-fold full-body belt. And in this particular case, which is brilliant, it's mind-blowing. In this particular case, you got a really cool mixture of like high full-setto with like a little bit of like the head voice. So you're a little bit more refined to that classical sounding. It gives that rounded edge and takes away the twanginess that comes right through the cheeks and the nose. It's all down to this really nice full-body, super soft smooth on the edges. It's kind of singing phrase. But it doesn't take away the power because a lot of the body engagement that is so physical here, you can see it. It becomes super amplified. So if you pay attention to how this obviously the posture is immaculate. The posture is absolutely immaculate. But you see how lifted that chest is? It's going to create more of a space for that mix to grow. And actually use all the intricacies that you could possibly make with your deflexibility of the larynx itself. So you see it's really lifted and engaged up here. It's so good. It's so good. Woo! The more you go, the better. So you see it and you see the lift as well. It's that great. It's that growth that literally helps you engage in towards that. Look at it before the chest. You gotta pump yourself up. This is definitely a freaking singing workout. Not a lot of people can do this. Next. How would porrosis be? Wow, she's very good. She's very good. That is so solid singing. Oh no, she sings. Yeah, this is what she does. There's no way. This is the first try. You know what? I was gonna say this is definitely like really amazing. This is so amazing. I love it. This is amazing. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. This is definitely like really early on to the familiarizing part of the song. The last family of it and the spamer spits. There are some kind of like doubts. Like you can hear the doubts sipping through. But it's not because of lack of understanding of the song requiring requirements. Or it's not because of lack of talent or capability. Actually, you can see right from the beginning this posture here. This really cool situation where she has her hands in our pockets. We're not really inside the pockets. But right here in this area of your abdominal wall. You can feel engagement and disengagement really easily. So if you put it like right in between like the meeting of the of the thigh. Into the into the abdominals right there in that edge. You can feel is even more tender. So you can really feel that your abdominal wall breathing. So it's a really kinesthetic place to it's like a hack. So it's really subtle. But any tiny minuscule movement that you create throughout the singing phrase. You'll feel it there first. And you also see the freaking straight line of singing. And the breath is going to be super strong. Because it's so straight in the back. I think the same people like Sarah Heronimo also apply the same type of feedback. I think she doesn't move with her arm here. There are up in moments where you see her do this. Yeah, because it like here like that V section of your torso. It really it's super kinesthetics like the the yeah. Any tiny minuscule movement you'll feel it there first. It's funny it's a little bit on camera. Yeah, it's so funny. I can't feel it too cut. No, it's not about that. I think because it's not about pushing. It's literally just bigger hands. I haven't shredded yet. Oh wow, okay. Wow, how nice. Nice, take. It's really nice. It's also was interesting. I also go in a second. You know previous Paul Rosa. Yeah, I think her name is Nash. Oh, Nash. She's a singer singer. She's a singer singer. I don't know if she's a singer singer. She's a singer singer. She's a singer singer. I don't know if she's famous or some shit, but she's a singer singer. I don't know. She creates content and stuff. Oh, she was the one that we saw the other time. Oh, you guys. This was the one where you were like the guys doing maths in the background. He's just counting some mud. Oh, yeah, he's doing his taxes. Yeah, okay, yes. But So her name is Nash. Nash, yes. She's a singer singer. Maybe she doesn't do it for a living or whatever, but she sings. That's what a singing voice sounds like. And also she's got style. But that's the biggest tale. We noticed that in that. That's what friends are for. Kind of challenge. And they are artists that was correct. Not to blow my own horn, but that is literally the most recognizable aspect of when you see someone who may do this for fun, who may be really good at it though. And then someone who stylized. They also see it as well like in sports. Someone who's like a really, really good amateur. Who could probably have competitive matches with some pros. But then they lack specific things. As if they don't have a game style. They don't have a play style. They don't understand perhaps tactics and technicalities to such an extent. It's the same with singing sometimes. But that girl Nash, Nash. Nash, Nash, Nash. Yeah, she's fucking good. I didn't feel like we gave a credit enough credit. She is fucking outrageous. And also, also, I think there's also, when you get to know when somebody's really good at singing. Is the resolution of the belt. Because it's not so, because if you're gifted, if your larynx are naturally really flexible. You can belt. You can belt a really nicely good standard. Right? So like a really nice professional standard. But they're coming down the resolution of those singing phrases. And that's when you actually get to distinguish a singer that might have had a lot of years practicing. And somebody who might just do it for fun. Yeah. Because it's the resolution. It's the ending details. There's so much tension being fixed in this piece. It's so much tension being built up. You do sit in some of these necks. They're fucking about to burst. Yeah. They're really efficient with the energy. But the piece is so difficult, even for someone like Morissera, that kind of calibre. It's because... Isn't it hard? You see a lot of physical engagement. Yeah, but it's because... There's not just that part. The song isn't one minute long. The song is like four minutes long. And then it has the key change. But you've been building up all this tension because the gusto kunan bu mitaubi. It's so fucking high all the time. You have all this built up tension. And then the hardest bit towards the end with this build up fatigue comes in. But let's let... But you see, I just wanted to point out that even in her case, there's so much engagement towards the throat as well. That even for her, there's so much effort being exerted. It's real easy. And there's also a moment that I want to get to... You see, this is a sad moment. This is what I'm talking about. So it's also towards the ending of the singing phrase. So exhaustion like tiredness is kicking in too. But this feeling right here. And then you see that her upper body is also caving in forward a little bit. So you having a tucked in tailbone. But it's not that hard. So you can't just sit down and play it. And then you have a little bit. So you having a tucked in tailbone. Because then you're literally pushing all the air that you have constructed here. You're pushing it all out in a calibrated manner. So you need to feel it. So you need to physically feel what you're actually exerting. And given the fact that the song is so emotionally engaging as well, you gotta be physical with it. Yeah. There's so much effort. It's crazy. It's towards the end of that exhausting life. Oh, it's so cool. And it's crazy because some of you have actually had the pleasure of seeing her life life. And that she's able to do this shit life on top of all the other songs that she does. But it is funny because when she does talk about this, sometimes she says, like, how the fuck did I sing that song? When we compose it and we arrange it, when we arrange it, it's like, oh, we'll get the fuck away thinking. Yeah. Because now we have like, you know, 17, 18 songs. And then we're gonna have this song is mental. So it's like, it gives away more what would you call it, flowers. But anyways, let us know what you guys thought about it and which one was the best one. Goodbye.