 Well, Sunday morning, usually this is my Sunday morning driving job, which I enjoy. I used to enjoy it much more when I was driving all of the kids to church on a Sunday because they used to sing Christian song, assuming when we were driving along. That was in return for allowing the ones that came from the small community of baby Jane and they never got to ride in a truck so they really loved riding and that was my reward that they would sing to me on the way. So, I'm looking now. I'm on my own. I thought I would, while there's a quiet time, I turned all the lights in the house on so that you can see it better and you can have a look how we're settling in. So, switch over to what you will be singing rather than singing me. Good morning. Good morning, Daddy. So, everybody ready? Yeah, we're ready to battle the day. Ah, so it's church day, Sunday morning. Everybody's ready to leave the mess. Look at this. I'll just leave everything as it is. Worldcaped. And that's part of the best, best nephew of the king, culture pool. So, what have we got? We've got Telet riding the other boat and that, that. And here's Lorraine. Hello, Scott, his custom exhaust on there which will raise the dead. So loud. So, who takes the most risks? Those going with that little look or those going with Telet Lake? Who's the fastest driver? I like the loudest. Thank you so much. Okay, see you later, honey. See you later, ladies. That is growing up so fast now she's, look. She's almost the same size as Telet Lake, Tola School. Let me have. And actually, you may have noticed that this is a haven for dogs. Ah, stray dogs. And there's the hangout there. Look at what's that tool through there. I came out the other day and there's about six dogs over here. So, I'm at peace. Turtle. This is our resident dog. Are you there, baby? Are you lovely, bully? Yes, you are. Give me the ball. Come on, give it to me. Come on. Turtle was the only one that was willing to get into the truck. And he came and he's been the king here ever since. So, these are the dogs. They don't come near you. We did have the one which is now called Cha Cha or Cha Cha. Philippine way of christening a dog. Have something that repeats like Cha Cha, bowel, bowel, bull, bull. All right, so I'm on my own. I've got the place to myself. Still minimal here. We've actually moved some of our stuff from the band gear that we have. This was donated. Most of this donated and we used it for the concert and we're keeping it. I keep the rest in the master bedroom. So, that's my life today. Usually I'm the Sunday driver. I drive everybody to the mountain church. That's where they all go. Nana goes to T-Mails church, which is the old family church that we used to go to before. We started getting involved in helping other pastors to build their church. So, we've got a quiet moment today. It is actually a beautiful day. There's a lot of cloud, but some blue is showing through. Finally, we managed to get the guys to clean. Okay, you're safe. Things are looking pretty nice. We've got this block here because there's a suddenly decided that she wants to have a wishing well. But we're thinking when funds will allow that this would be the smaller pool. But this land needs to be leveled out down to the wall there. The wall is not supposed to be a support wall, but it had to be reinforced, which I had to get them to do. That's what I found I'm mostly involved in. Obviously I'm not interested in actually doing any of the work. At my age, reality comes around eventually. I have issues to come out, but when we had the front loader came in and it took that aside, did some damage there. So we fitted another post, but we left this one in for now. This here goes down, and I've showed this before. Before we had all of this earth dump tear, you could see it that we reinforced the bottom of the wall, was reinforced and brought out so that it wouldn't give way. The top beam will go in, which will be reinforced again with more rebar, and it will take it down there. But there's quite a bit of land, quite a bit of soil has to be taken out and put it over there. That's more of the large machinery that has to come in, not sure they're going to be able to do that now, because they're going to put the stair in, it's better preferred to leave it so that the front was where you go on to the stage, or from the other side. We've used all of our tile, all the leftovers from the tile, which is dump them down here onto the stage. And this particular part, now, which although it's a recalling at the stage, in fact this will come down, this was used when we did a ward thing of Mr and Mrs. turn some death giving hope. But when all of that is clear, there's quite a nice view out onto what will eventually be our resort. It's a long term project. We need to learn a lot to be able to do that, which is an investment into the future. But you can see it's a little cloudy today, but you can still see right out to the coast there. That's quite a beautiful view, and of course when we get all of our development down there, it will be a pleasure to look at some bit of a wilderness right now. But everything changes. So back to being home alone, and I'll be back.