 First village we just saw right here but there is no one here probably just sleeping And certainly the waves to So where come two? Pulla vida. The most intense trip or journey. We are going to the restaurant here or place we can buy food and food. No, it's too much for us to want to eat. So maybe you know some... Haifa. Okay. You don't know Haifa? Yeah, baby. Yeah. Hi. Hello. So we are here with the mountain trap. Hello. Hi. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hello. What are you doing? Why are you doing bigger rice? Cartouchelling. I don't know. We do a shadow woman pack. What's up? Fixing the rice. So we are not going to go back this way, right? We go this way. We go back this way. We are going to go back now. We are going to go back. We are going to go back. We are going to go back. All right ladies and gentlemen we just wrap here at Old Village. We saw these people making rice. We are going to go back. We are going to go back. We are going to go back. What do you guys need? Blue house? Yes. We need to restore it. Oh okay. Nice. Thank you. This house. You follow her. Follow you. Hi. So here's a school right here. How are you? Are you the teacher? Yes sir. Are you the only teacher? No we are three teachers. Three teachers for this entire school? Yes. Grade one. Kinder grade one. That one is grade two and four. Grade one teacher and then grade five and six one teacher. So we are all in oak trees. So how many students do you have here? We have forty nine. 49 students? Yes sir. Okay. What's the name of the school? Pula. Here is the name of our school. Pula elementary school. Yes sir. When the kids want to go to high school. From here to Banawi. After we go to Banawi. After Banawi they go to Bagu or in Lamu or Nayun. It's a gap that is... ...if we go state university. Okay. If they like to go to Bagu then they go to Lina. So is the government responsible for you guys here? We have three. Three to three. Three to three. How did the teachers get paid? Other... Other salad is given by the government. Okay. So here are the students. You like school? Why are you guys running away from us? Yeah everyone you are running away from us. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Is there a way here going to... ...Colum? Cambolo. Cambolo. This one. This one? This one? This one? This one? This one? This one? This one? Hello the park. We'll go up again. Thank you. Hey, who is it? What did you do there? Yeah. So our first... We first thought we had to go back up there. Between we and our green day. Look at this garden right here on your... ...on your garden. Adders. We are going to... ...or look around to eat. Find food to eat. Yes sir. We have to go back. We have to go back. We have to go back. We have to go back. Okay. We are just looking for food. Hi. Yeah. Yeah. We are a little. A little. So you will leave. You will leave. Yes. Yes. Are you gonna cook for us now? Yeah. Alright. Thank you very much. Thank you. What's your name again? Mama. So... No, just go ahead. You don't cook for us? I'm not going to cook for you. No, no. Mama's going to cook for you. I'll be sure we can fix it right now. If you don't want to make it, then you can do it. Okay. Alright. Sit. It's funny. It's funny. It's funny. Love me, Shay. Come on. It's funny. I'm not doing this thing. Like this one. Yeah. One, two. Mama Lola. Mama Lola? No. Grimoire is Lola. Lola is Grimpap. Huh? Is it Amaco, right? It is. Grimpata. How do you say Grimpata Tagalog? Tagalog? Marino Magma Tagalog. What? What? Tagalog? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how to speak Tagalog. So what do you speak? What? What's the trap? What do you speak? Yes, I know. What do you speak? In our... What was your diet? You do not know. You cannot understand my diet. What's the name of your diet? I forgot. Yeah. You don't know. You cannot understand my diet. What's the name of your diet? I forgot. Yeah. Ah, I forgot. I forgot. I forgot. You don't know. I can't understand. So you say you are 94? 98. 98. Wow. I'm going to take a video with 98 years. 98 years. Say hi to the camera. Say hi to the camera. Yes, say hello. Say hi. Yeah. You say hi. Hi, like this. Hi. Like this. Okay. But you look so strong. Like you still look... Strong? You are 98. And she's cooking... So why are you cooking for us? This is the rice side? Yeah, that's very right. And? What's the Ulaan? Ulaan is going to be quiet. The ula is going to be one. The soup. Do you know this? Yes, it is. What was you said, Japanese pass here? Going to Banahue? Yeah. But we are small. Oh, okay. We are crying because we are going to run away. You are? Yeah. When you see the Japanese soldiers, you cry. Is she the one who is sleeping? Did you... ...add the bomb? What? Did you add the bomb of the Japanese? The bomb? Bomb from the plants? Erpland? I... I don't know. No, they did not bomb here. They did not bomb? Yeah. They just fast. They passed in the forest. They passed in the forest, going to Banahue? Yeah. That was how many years ago? I don't know. What was? A bit. What was two? Okay. But you still remember that they passed. You still remember. Yeah. And you went away, cried and run away in the forest. So you've been living here for so long? You lived here for so long? That's where she went. You were in a nice band. What? You were in a nice band? A nice band? Yes. I remember. Pass away? How many years ago? Maybe... Two or three years ago. Do you have kids? And they... China? Yeah. But what do you do? You'll choose them. What do you do? No. They are there in... Once they're in Camulo. Camulo? Yes. I remember they met your children. I have more many than they. Before. When it's Camulo, when they're married in Ginihan, part of Maya. And when is there in Bogil? I guess it is. Yeah. What was the last time you saw the one in Bogil? Day. We had some focus on that. Four. Four. Let me see on the mio Freunde. Mm. We are here at Pula Vida. We are in this village here and this house right now is the house of an old and generous lady who is cooking for us to eat right now so we are about to have our lunch at 1 pm. She is helping us to cook food for us to eat. So we also had noodles and other things and we just cooked the noodles we are about to have our lunch here and I just wanted to tell you guys like show you how generous people can be and she don't know how to speak Tagalog even though she's a Filipino so she said they have their own language here called Ifugawa or the places I forgot about it the language that the Ifugawa language is what she knows how to speak so it's just amazing to learn from people and she was also talking about the world too when the Japanese soldiers passed by here so like the Japanese soldiers passed by close to this place and they were heading to the Nauai they were heading to Banaway so they passed by here and she said they were kind of free and they were they ran in the bush and the forest and they were hiding crying hiding and you know can you imagine she's already 98 but she looks really strong and later we're gonna go that way that's gonna be our last stop for today we have our dinner and sleep in the next place called Cambulo so we're gonna go to Cambulo after after eating our lunch all right guys now we are about to have our lunch but it is now waiting for anyone of course not or so mama Lola yeah mama is eating so guys about to eat right here and we got here mama called rice for us here in Pula Vida mama called rice and noticed for us and we're about to eat now so we're having right here have a little bit of spice and eat up for the spice on this noodle is this spicy enough yeah all right I like it it's time to say bye bye to grandma and maybe we might be to put a Vida again after many months thank you so much for having us and we love you always be safe okay thank you so much thank you all the best all right guys we are here right now at a place called Blue House is on home stay and we were actually tired and hungry and we passed by here we met grandma you just saw there and she hosted us here cook for us and now we are about to leave this place so let me just tell you a few things that we learned from her so she's 98 years of age and she told us that there are 300 people in this entire place Pula Vida so there are 200 people here and she also told us about the Japanese soldiers yeah during the war war two that the past by right here yeah yeah in Benawi they didn't pass by you in Benawi yeah no the pass back here to go to Benawi yeah so they were not actually 15 people here but it passed back here to go to Benawi and I just want to say a few things to her for hosting us here and we are about to continue our journey or another two hours plus two Cambollo Cambollo so now we are headed to Cambollo guys let's go so this is what we call the Blue House right here also have an upstairs and while we were here we she told us that there are other tourists who have already come here and she gave us a book and I saw people writing in the book like sharing their experiences and everyone was appreciating her so she's been doing this for people so if you are coming to Pula Vida make sure to ask for the Blue House come to Grandmamps here and she's gonna take care of you yeah she's very good she's very like amazing so Grandma we're gonna leave you right now grandma what's what's the meaning of this? this one this one here bofalo but what why you put it here you do not know so she have a bofalo here at the head of the bofalo and she just put it here it's not carabal carabal same carabal yeah and it's real guys this is real this is not fake this is not any add is real like real one look here it's like here it's real so this this is a lollipop yeah so you know everyone in this in this village right you know the kids the good one right the good children you know the good children right if you see a good char do good thing you give them one you open open open like this and give one if if a char happy yeah you be the blogger you be the blogger now are you a blogger hold it can it to yourself like this show to your face like this say hi no like this all right hold it all right say hi grandma is a blogger like you see if a char is a good char then you give one to yeah yeah yeah so it is I give it to you okay so you you control that okay thank you you're welcome grandma thank you so much and I forgot to do this yeah ita all I'm gonna show you something oh usually in the Philippines when you greet people and what do you do the organs you grab your hands not like that so you grab your hands like this and put it here it means it's a sign of blesses so that's that's why the kids do like this you doing this yeah that's that's how people say hello to you that's how people say hello to you right yeah the kids is a son of blessing that's what that's how they do yeah they have a different position I think this one is everywhere in the Philippines right you know that right bless right she knows she knows bless every day is great yeah but today's because we are coming here today that's why because we are coming here she said she said today is a good weather I say yeah because we are coming here today that's why bye bye come on bless ma yeah no no no all right so we are here at first shatter from Pula Vida to Campulo and this beautiful waterfall right here it's not sure the waterfall is a it's a stream stream of water stream of water roaring down here so we came from up here and we're heading this way so this is considered a shatter what do we have here oh these are backs of sman for construction up there okay you see the bell it from here that's Pula Vida village right there we just left over there yeah continue hiking so the rest the rest is that you see from above this is actually how it's like but now I'm not sure if this is the season of rice or for rice here so that's why you see it like this guys my voice is girl I'm freaking tired right now like really tired and really tired and full I eat a lot of food because I was really hungry I eat so much food it's good thing that we have only three more hours to hike to damn those guys those guys I can't be smitten oh my god he's carrying a sman on his shoulder you know he's taking it to the um the shadow we just saw damn uh he's in gentlemen the guys here or the people here are very strong you see how he's carrying a back of sman then we need to give him away here okay wow a whole back of sman guys damn yeah I can't imagine I'm already very tired like this wow you know he's walking like he's just something come what he's doing anyway he's actually coming for them so so I love this side of the road they actually put a safety oh because this place is so risky so you can see it down there yeah that's right there's something here to block just in case of accident so you see it down there trying to prevent you know mistakes and accident from people to not fall there yeah Hey. Hello. Come below. Okay. She said it's all lady but she don't want to talk to us. Probably she don't understand us. But she's tired. We can do that man. So we have no more sunlight. So just take a look at this place where we are right now. I'm going to stop vlogging for now. Until we get to Canboulo. So I'll see you guys in Canboulo guys.