 Filipino community rise up Put the Filipino flag in the chat Put the Filipino flag in the chat represent Filipino flag in the chat One, one, eight, yeah Mahal kitah, Mahal kitah What does that mean? Mahal kitah Mahal kitah Mahal kitah Hey, what's up my BGA crew welcome back to my channel. Oh my god, oh whatever I'm so so beyond excited you guys First and foremost I have my handsome nephew with me Jay grubb Hey, uh, if y'all want to check out his videos, I will drop a link to his channel in the description box below You guys as you can tell by the title This is his first time trying jolly So he has not tried Filipino anything so he's gonna try jolly be today for the first time and And I don't know when next week the following week whenever we have time I'm gonna introduce him to authentic Filipino food Anyway you guys and now to the chat enough jive and jabal let's go ahead and get started because I am still wow It's a BGA MAAA Heavenly father, please bless this meal and the precious hands I prepared it when you provide for those going without He'll bless protect and provide for all of my gg crew and everyone watching my friend and family and your precious heavenly name would use the christmas Pray a man. We got the peach mango pies on day. We got my favorite the palabo How do you pronounce it palabo? palabo Palaka I used to call it palaka Palabo Palabo Let me now confuse him. I'm sorry Shout out to all of my Filipino brothers and sisters Yes Okay, so I'm excited. I'm gonna start with the palabo you can start with whatever palabo Okay, I'm getting Let me taste a witch because yes, uh, what do I put it? I just put a little bit of tobacco and a little bit of lemon juice. Let me do it. Okay. Oh My goodness My mouth is Salivating it's watery so yeah, and they always tell me cuz I just dig right in yeah, no like mix it up It tastes better when it's still in there. There's shrimp in that just to let you know Yeah, I know you're allergic I brought wrist spaghetti cuz she's allergic to shrimp. That's that's what I get isn't it? I told you before you put it in your mouth Derka but I've been a drill on day. Oh there she is I've been trying to look you know delicious food. Oh my god. Are you mixing your in it? Yes The risk all right, all right dig in so I think you should be gay I'm just like you should you There we go Mmm Oh my god, what what oh? I got to take it Mmm Mmm. Oh, baby Hello, Bob. Oh Mmm. Oh my gosh, and then the Malal kitah. Malal kitah. What is that what does that mean? Not how you love you My Hal kitah Malal kitah Mmm. Salamat. Oh Oh my gosh, that's pork right? Yes, Chicharron. Oh my gosh Genette is a big fan of hot dogs So I know she's gonna love the jolly spaghetti How come I have not tried this before really amazing This is so amazing. I have not tried any Filipino food And I'm so happy it's this because Hands down 10 out of 10. I'm telling you so many people Filipino food is so underrated, bro Mm-hmm. I feel like a lot of people don't know what exists. I mean, I didn't but now that I do We're gonna be rubbing more on some Filipino food. Oh my god My goodness All right, we have to sacrifice the noodles to move on to them I was waiting for him to take one bite Mmm, and then move on, but he's devouring though. I really am I'm almost I'm almost done there just already Yeah, you know these flavors are not what I expected and while I'm freaking amazing right? Dispaghetti. Yes. Yeah. Oh my gosh. This spaghetti is known to be a little sweet Mm-hmm and have the sausage My god, I'm so mad because I'm the baby Devour the chicken. Jenny get chicken for you and the kids. Oh my goodness On the list. Yeah, I bought enough for everybody Sorry, I'm like so I haven't got a piece of Oh No I'm glad enough for everybody No, no, no, grab for the kids. Yeah, I'm gonna Okay, and so we He said it so you did. Yes, let's check it in the gravy a bit in And then crunching much Mmm-hmm Mmm-hmm got full that flavor Mmm Oh Oh my goodness I can breathe clearly now the rate I Can't give up saying it and I hope that tastes jolly Right on my tongue And it tastes so good So good Maybe it tastes so good Mmm Let me tell you oh Filipinos are the royalty of the karaoke world Let me tell you all the pandemic I would get on Facebook lies and there was always people in the Philippines Mind you I didn't know really much about Filipino culture or food at that time. Yeah But I would watch them and they oh my god, kids seeing I never saw Filipino that couldn't see you know what and you're right because Even though some of them don't know a speck of English. Yeah No note for no word for word English I would send tips Because they would put their cash app and stuff and I would send tips and I would look they would it would be like $5 for a song request and I would buy song request Yeah, they are really good at imitating celebrities too Really good It's a skill Very very talented talented people as a whole and let me tell you they are the most humble J I can't wait to take you on a on a work trip. Yeah to California And take you to the Filipino communities. We don't have nothing like that here No, no, but in California. Oh my god you walk in and they greet you like family like your family And that's the best too, you know, I mean we do it here in the Mexican culture. Yeah Exactly, but I know for sure and plus they're gonna have some great food on deck with karaoke So come on now I really can't wait though. I really yeah for sure. I really wish I could have tried the spicy chicken unfortunately Man this chicken so hot They don't have the spicy today Spicing is would have been good On the skin isn't it divine yes Even though it's hot Jenny dip away in that gravy. I'm trying to get as much as I possibly can oh Honey Look at that. I don't know if you can see the skin. You're the steam Oh my god. Oh My words. Oh You know what Let me tell you something. I'm so happy with this result reaction. I mean I love chicken There's a special place in my heart for chicken a couple different places But I will tell you this chicken by far has overcame All those For real shut up for real like it is so Flavorful so crunchy and wow and you know you get some of those chickens that are like dry or Overly salty salty Wow, I give this like my number one now. No. Yeah, so we converted you Yeah My day He loves the chicken from jolly me jolly me jolly me Wait till you try my favorite two both of these are my my face That's how you know I'm enjoying this What am I doing? You gotta take some of this gravy, okay? We need to heat up this gravy. Oh, you want to you want to let's microwave it hold on it some What's that that's why right now I'm going to vow Did you want to know I want to see you enjoy? I am to give me the dates in the Sunco so this is For getting so this is the jolly spaghetti. Let me show you guys it has like Sausage hot dog and I'm assuming like ground beef in it and the sauce and then top of cheese. Oh My gosh Don't mind if I do That's my first time I'm a sacrifice me eating that So might not you can enjoy it. Oh Oh It's one of my favorite I gotta get a bigger bite with everything. I'm sorry. I mean I wish you could eat it piping hot I'm very hungry. It's good. It's even good cold. I would eat that straight out the fridge What the flavor Tell oh my god, I know what you're saying. Oh my god. Oh, no, I need some I'm sorry. Let me get this corner in there. Oh Oh We haven't introduced me to be earlier. Oh Oh It's a lot of this world I did but I give it to James. Sorry. I said about a third one first time for free Wow Jen devoured the spaghetti oh wow, that's how that's how you know that's okay. It's good That's how you know not only did I convert my Nephew to a Filipino food lover, but also his family They are enjoying this That's a big spot. So honestly, it's just so very good I love the flavors of the spaghetti sauce and then the cheese And then just I don't know what what really do with the sauce that makes like that They make it with it's a big thing. They're doing the right Mm-hmm Give me your love Give me your love Baby Not only you're making a song I'm over here like I'm feeling it. Oh There's a double rise Genetti stop looking at my spaghetti you've had a big Fuck wait Oh Micah we don't have a microwave That's why I stood there because I was like well, how would I do that? Oh my god no no no She put in that and the air fryer No, sorry, sorry convention oven. No, it's okay. Don't worry about it Mm-hmm. Oh, you said it told me you're working your over there doing dishes She put them in ramacan. Tell sweet Mm-hmm. Oh, it's good. Sorry I'm done it. It's so good You want it? Okay. No, enjoy it. Keep on money. Oh Wow And I was gonna say just a little bite but then I'm like now he's been spinning back into it chewing Yeah, okay purposely so that way he doesn't take anymore Wow Lucky guys Look at the double rise put some gravy on it. Oh, yeah, let me see I mean, put this inside really quick Oh my god. Oh my gosh. Oh Wow, did you try the adobo right? Look at that. Mm-hmm. Look at that y'all Mm-hmm. You get it. Yeah Yep That's the only way to eat it I'm just watching as I see it in my brain immediately Imagine some taste dude What I was expecting really yeah, it's really good. I'm glad you like it This is way better than some of those um The size of the size of other places like the What I did with that mixed right of the mixed rice I'm wrapping them right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, bye. Yes, yeah I'm gonna go some more Oh my god, fun on that bite with phenomenal Oh, sorry That's okay Oh, man The Filipino community y'all eat good huh y'all This ain't nothing wait Just wait you guys until I introduce him to That's don't call while you Beef calterita All my favorites pancetti hungry salad Oh Bet cheesecake Purple puto What is that purple puto or ube puto? Ube puto. Yeah, it's um It is a um a rice cake muffin kind of I compare it to like a sweet cornbread. Oh really? Yeah, but it's not made from that right right Hey, yeah, when is this gonna be Christmas? I'm a chicken a dobo. Mm-hmm Maybe there's coming not this week, but maybe next week Okay I am so excited when his reaction you got me started and sorry you you go on to finish it with some little Oh, Filipino food. Thank you. Oh Look at this. I'm gonna say I just want to like just the bow or all of this at once, but I Oh my god, I'm too out of look look though. I don't know what it is, but y'all put this like extra sexy love in there It's on to the I'm falling in love in all different kind of ways You know what this is reminding me of the very first time I tried jolabee How everything is so new to you. Yes, and you know what I mean you don't get that here really Because this place, I mean it's pretty pretty good Yeah, but it's worth the drive totally worth the drive So if you haven't tried this I am telling you I will recommend this to you even though it's my first time I'm telling you Hands down Oh I'm gonna say nothing. You know what I'm saying you try just hard Oh my god, that's how you know that's how you know I'm satisfied right now And I'm going to finish into bow we're all you Boy better you better eat some bread by barking more Oh my god, oh, I got it finished. Yeah, that's how I am every time I get it The every time I get that spaghetti. I'm like, uh-huh. I swallow it in one bite Whoa, I got it. I gotta I gotta do that watch Give it to them I'm gonna give it to you Wow That is awesome We pan to but I did it I should have yo You ready to try these mango pies? Yes, I am. Oh, man Okay, here we go Oh Jan, did you guys try the pies? Oh, oh my gosh just by the look of it So fun fact about these pies You know McDonald's used to fry their pies like this. Yeah, these fries are pie. I mean these That's how you know Oh Well these pies are fried McDonald's you see is that until they started baking them, but these are fried Why didn't I even bring them in don't know? I don't know because I did For their apples and they was all like No, nobody phrase their pies anymore except jolly bees. That's why I brought it up. Oh, okay. All right cheers You No Oh my god Oh my god hold on that exploded in my mouth hold on oh Oh Same reaction every I could eat a hundred of these and still react the same dude. I can eat a million of these and react God I don't want it to go Wow, I wouldn't know peach and mango to be and mango Tell me this is like a better version of like a peach coplar. This is better than a Better than any fried pie better than anything I've had Hallelujah hallelujah Really don't trust him Mm-hmm I'm falling in love. I think I am in love Yeah, wow definitely oh wow Millie of ten I heard you down you can say a ten out of ten ten out of honestly Respect to the ten out of ten Personally, I would I would do like 12 out of 10 Hands down best heck yeah, and especially peach mango Who would have thought that peach mango went together like this? Mm-hmm and then the crunch perfectly the crunch Yeah, the crunch you don't get that with their friend No, you don't it's the crunch the texture and then the inside is so Mm-hmm And he has such a big sweet tooth Mm-hmm, isn't this the perfect way to end the meal? This is the best way to end the meal Yes Yes Heck yeah Oh my god, you just made every Filipino so proud with your reactions. You have no idea My nephew is so blind I was scared because I'm like I wouldn't like it. He's gonna say he don't like it. I would have told because I'm I'm kind of you See I'm a little bit of the pick you see how he was on my answer video my cousin's video He straight up told them I don't like this. I don't like that even if I heard anyone's feeling What she doesn't mean to hurt people's feelings. He's just very vocal and What so I was scared because he don't care about nothing. He speaks his mind and to be quite honest I love this and I appreciate you Introducing me to this. This has opened up my mind to a different community a different food base And this won't be the last time I am going to tell you I am going to continue to eat Filipino food Heck yeah, we got to get that next one Yeah, and this is just Filipino fast food wait till you try authentic It's gonna blow your mind and it's gonna blow my belly cuz I'm a Well you guys heard it today it is J-grubbs approved 10 out of 10 So that's amazing Jen row approved 10 out of 10 and you already know if I have a type of proofs Thousand out of a ten Yeah, even the kiddos love it. Oh my god And they inherited their followers picking this yeah, and that's the tie yourself and I mean, you know, if they're over there eating having a good time I Oh, man you guys I know I'm Chicken again, let me repeat myself really quick. Sorry, I'm cool, but I will tell you I'm a big fanatic of chicken And this by far is the best chicken on my list the top number one chicken Seriously Very flavorful. Thank you. Oh my pleasure. Oh you guys once again if you want to check out my nephews channel Go ahead and click in the description box below because I will link it there go and follow him show him some love Hit that subscribe I love you But yeah guys go show my nephews some love and support and um Yeah, anyway as always thank you so much for my bga crew for your love and support If you're new here, you know what said do hit that subscribe button down below and ring that notification bell Thank you guys so much for watching until next time The Seat Tones