 But you're Friday. The freshest. Filipino Jazz! I love me a good first time. This first time checking out Daniel Padidja, but it's a collaboration with Mora La Torre and we actually have heard... snippets of the song throughout in our live streams every Friday, well, wait, you're in, it's pretty cool. So yeah, I don't know, let's have a look. It's jazz, baby. It's called Mabagal. It's called Mabagal. Mabagal, I think. Mabagal. Okay. Ooh! I know it's jazz. Filipino Jazz is... On the red, the seal. I've never heard Daniel sing before. Daniel Padidja, okay. Yes, I heard it. Lovely boy. I'm pretty sure that's like a... That's like a sentence somewhere, eh? It's just a merge of many songs together. Arauga, bi, mahal, kokayo, and sisiu. That's a brand new... That's a brand new to the collection. It's like the day that Cristiano Ronaldo does. Sssiu! But I think maybe he's just trying to be Filipino. Ssiu! He's just trying to be... Whoa! Oh, Daniel! I recognize the pianist. Do you? Yeah. Ooh, I love that there's a whole brass section. Oh, it's a full music video. Ooh, yes, sir. Oh! That's moira. Oh, shit! Oh, okay! Give me an answer. Fresh. Now I'm sorry, but those freaking brass arrangements are... Elite! What carries the song truly, truly? Is the instrumentalization of the song, because it has this like, Frank Sinatra'sque. I aspect of Big Band without being a Big Band, but it has elements of it. And obviously the easy, super easy to hold on to melody, that Daniel is carrying out here. I don't know whether to call him Daniel or Daniel. Easy, you said that what easy? Easy, Mil. Want to make? We're performing ladies and gentlemen, the Want to make. We got some dates available in the first of October. Get your tickets now. First of October, Abs Court Farm, KZT & Ingan, Easy Mil, Darren Spanto, Bamboo, Walucha Herrera. It's a future Herrera. You know, we're gonna be there. We're gonna be performing and shit. And after we've done performing it, we've seen all our favorite artists perform. We have our own stands, so you can come get on. What are they before? They perform after us, because they're... Well... They're important. Yes, there are so much more important menace. But you can come hang out. We can watch our favorite artists perform together. But this guy, I wanna know more about Daniel. Or Daniel, see? Daniel. Daniel Palilla. Yeah. That's how I would say it in Spanish. It sounds pretty smart, Spanish name. It is. It is. It's so... It's so... It's a... Maybe it's a... It's a... Shasha, Patisha. No, but it's a say- Yeah, it's a... Yeah, it's Daniel Palilla. Oh, are they related? Are they? Shasha, Patisha and... Daniel. Oh, okay, I like it. Good catch, Mike. This is high quality music, by the way, let's get them in. Yes. Oh, they are vocals. Look at him vibing. Oh, we're traveling back in time. Oh, we're traveling back in time. Go! Come on, back up. Ooh! What is that surprise? I love that woman, dude. The way she sings is outrageous. Also, also, just to, like, put her into perspective. This vintage aesthetic would suit Moida 100% from the visuals like that vintage peanut oh style of fashion would suit Moira to the tea? I think I think that would be a great genre for her to explore further oh yeah, like vintage jazz why not? yes she has the cadence for that and I think also there's a good she has the cadence for a lot of things though like I think also there's a huge gap for that I don't think Filipino jazz is something that like you think of a lot of the time but maybe it can really blow up if he has a big name like that I'd imagine like again someone like Arthur Nairic would probably also explore genres like this well he does like to include a lot of like Jesse arrangements into his more commercial tracks though like you see a lot of those a just like arrangements in his music again I think she's probably the closest one to her I think so too something close to the pure yeah yeah the pure concept of jazz her vocal deck sure it's it's perfect for this though I love to see this performed live by them hmm there their combination of vocals like their textures how they're why not it's really well is sitting nicely their combination of vocals textures are so well put together like he provides a good breathiness but it's quite just it like it's quite it has roots so it's quite rounded but hers is kind of like airy and it bounces over what the foundation that he's laid so it's it even if they sang in unison without having to break into harmonies you would get the effect of harmonies actually create yeah very nice it's really nicely layered it's very popular I don't know how we never heard this one yeah nice though oh yes oh yeah bro oh this thing is Music is great. Fuck that scene. I think they're high differences. They're so big that even if they try to kiss, I think they'll miss each other. I think she'll kiss his neck and he'll kiss her. Yeah, literally. Because he has to come. You know what? What's the problem with that? Hey listen, little people. We're okay with it. Actually, it's so nice to hug each test. Listen. I've never hugged into a chest like that. Because from a guy. You would have to hug somebody. Because I'm even told on my father's. Yeah, you would have to hug somebody. Yeah, but never like that. Like that. Closing into me. Like that. I've never done that with a guy before. Side hug. But on the shoulder. So, where is it with the guys? You always do this thing. Like say, we're gonna give each other a hug. We'll do that thing. Show them the shoulder. That's so intimate. And say, if you want to be real, it's meaningful. Maybe this guy just won the World Championship or something. Like just by the back of the neck. Like, we fucking did it. Yeah. You know what? You never do that moment with like. Mabah. You know what? I mean, you can. I never have. But I guess you can. Who the fuck is? You know what I mean? Yes, are you Greek? That moment, right? Like what the fuck? Moments like those no excluded to what the fuck. No, definitely. I just haven't. I've never done it. I just haven't. Yeah. Even though like I love dating taller women actually. But we've never even had that before. I've never done that. That's into chess. All right. I mean, I need my to do this. It's like, okay. But cause when I know it's taller, I mean it's like. All right. Now hold me. I just want first scientific purposes. I just want to be held. I just want to be held. I'm loved. For a first time in my life. I just want to feel something. Okay. Is that even that big of a high difference? Just quite close to his face. Believe me. That wouldn't be my case. I'm just playing. It's being. Being facetious. I just want to be held. I just want to feel something. I just want to feel something. I just want to feel something. I just want to feel something. I just want to be held. I just want to feel something. I just want to be held. I just want to be held. I'm butz the town road. Just don't apart me. Say how am I?都是 tor For me. These videos great dude. The song is amazing. Oh man, did my inaugural partました? It was really cute. wurden The demands of my. Sub for Sheikah. Stalker吧. Yes! Great story to tell. I like it a lot when videos introduce storytelling elements through the environment. I think also... Oh look, there is the... In studio version. In studio. Oh cool! I love when they do this. Most by? Colleft? Composed by Dan Martel Simontañedo. Interpreted by Dania Fadella. Oh look at that freaking studio. It's a dream. It's really good to... What the fuck? I haven't listened to more of his work and I hope it does more jazz. I hope it... I think he'd be great at ballads. I don't think there will be many jazz arrangements. Modern jazz. You don't have to be a pureist to do jazz. Are you agree? Maybe the jazz head would hate your guts. But I think also a lot of jazz heads, like young jazz heads, they get bored of that. They always do the same thing and always hear the same stuff about the music. And always playing the same old songs. Yeah, so it's like, why not man? Progressive jazz is so good. You can refine that craft that the more you go and then you can show tribute to the original... You know, sort of... Pureists of jazz. But that you don't have to be a pureist to make jazz. At least in my eyes. I'm sure someone that watches this might disagree on that. I guess I can't throw a shoe at you. That's the interesting bit about, you know, sort of public discourse, I guess, like this. But... Yeah, I think it's a great composition. I think the Philippines, like the OPMs, should dive deeper into this. Some of my favorite region composition. One of my favorite region compositions is like, on to the clouds. Into the clouds. In the clouds. Which is, yeah, so much for your favorite, mate. Which is like a bit of a jazz arrangement, which is really nice. I think the DJ has the perfect voice for this. Generally, I think it's a fantastic collaboration. 41 million people also agree. I mean, yes. So let us know what you guys thought about it. What was this for? Was it like a special collaboration for like a Dv show or... Can we find the lyrics? Maybe we can. Yeah, yeah, we found it. It means slowly. So it goes, I want to dance with you slowly. Also, what is it? My bag, I mean slowly. My bag, I mean slowly. Holding hands close to eyes, in tune with the music, I want to dance with you slowly. Here it comes. The song we've been waiting for. He's the chance to tell you what my heart feels. I wanted to tell you for the longest time. I want to dance with you slowly. I want to dance with you slowly. Holding hands close to eyes, in tune with the music, I want to dance with you slowly. I'll place your hand on my waist. Our body will be in tune with the song and our skin will gently touch. I want it to happen for the longest time. Oh wow, and it's a song of reminiscent, right? So she's looking back. This LL, the woman is looking back. That's right. But she no longer has a partner. Because she's dead. Damn. I mean, maybe I said it. This will move with the red-disk crowd, right? He passed away. What the fuck, right? I'm sorry. He can remind the viewers of like one of those scenes straight up from Billy Mandy. No, no, dude. There was this kid, you know, and I used to like, in school, like, we would like, volunteer, you get extra points, you volunteer, you teach kids how to play tennis and stuff. And I would do that because I needed the extra credit. Because I was dumb. And I remember we had a young kid. Maybe he was like seven, he came like six, maybe six, maybe six or five, he came to like the fucking nursery primary school that was near the school. And then we would, I have to ask him, like, at the end of the term, hey, you know, some of like grown up questions, like, you know, where do you want to go with your tennis? How do you think you've improved? Where do you see yourself in five years? Oh, okay. I remember what they've looked at us and we asked these 60's old. And he's like, so what do you see yourself in five years? And he's like, I don't know, maybe dead. And then you're like, Oh. Okay. Whole parents must make an appointment with a psychiatric ward. This kid is fucking insane. He was also the kid that really, I think if you pay any attention to any of my stories, which I presume some of you may, some of you don't. He would chase the other kid with the racket and hit him. Oh. He would find the hilarious and he would like, ah, he was the headmaid and noise. PING! Is it? You're like, I see. Well, I'm only a volunteer, you know, I don't really have to chase him. Do you know what's funny, Efra, in that sentence, all I heard was, I heard a ping. The noise is hit makes when you hit it, it's him. That's what he would say. I think that's also what we think he said. We don't really, we're not sure. If she had got lost in translation, he was running away. You know? Very accurate, okay, nice. When our song ends and there's no music, I'll sing you an acapella in your ear. Well, you would hope is a good fucking singer because he's not that easy. Jesus. No, there's something endearing about that. Even if you're a dude, that. I did not. You know, mama, I'm a kid. Did I miss it? Follow me. Follow me for my ear, man. I can't even say it in the shower, girl. Like, he's groaning. No, no, no. I think it's. She might give you a take someone that they really think you can say really, really well. And I was like, it's not, it's not that their tone deaf is the ones that are like, I thought I know how to say it. I went our song. And there's no music. You're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, what the cringe is going to like, hurt me. I mean, I don't care if you can't sing. No. You can hold the tune whatever. But just at least know your limitations. When our song ends and there's no musical singer, and I can play that in your ear, and we'll relish in our time together. Mama, mama, mama, gal, mama, gal, right? Mama, mama, mama, gal, mama, mama, gal, mama, ba, gal, ba, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da. That's how they do. That's how they do. Nice. What a great song. Fantastic. I think this is amazing. I want to hear more of this. Let us know what you guys thought about it. And yet, buddy, yeah. I love him. Also, I don't know what this week's podcast is going to be on. Oh, I got a idea. But I think, let us know your thoughts is going to be on Philippines, most songs, songs, OPM songs in the karaoke. It's important, given how culturally intertwined the karaoke, singing, it's in the Philippines and the music industry. I want to learn more about some of the classics. We only know a few. I'll be imagining the Lange Cows going to be quite popular. And Gang did to Lange is going to be quite popular. So what some of the regime, like, what is that? I guess that's not an OPM. Like that butterfly thing that everyone sings. Hi. But they have to be OPMs. Not like international songs. I can kind of Lange. Yeah, has to be OPM. I can kind of Lange. I would imagine it's going to be the pow-ba. Yeah, it's quite popular from what I see. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so I'm interested in seeing ways. It has to be songs that we haven't really heard. So, yeah, send us through your recommendations. That'll be this Friday on Fitch Friday podcast. Goodbye. Goodbye.