 Because I feel more Filipino than anything else, really. So people say we have foreign noise. Foreign noise, I like that! What's up Philippines? Welcome to a brand new reaction video, guys. I'm Mike. And I'm Ellie. And we do travel food and lifestyle vloggers that just recently got engaged in the Philippines. Oops, here we go. Sorry, sorry. I put the ring all out. If you haven't seen our main channel making it happen blogger, this link right up here on that channel, we just share stories and adventures from our everyday lives. And daily vlogs, every single day a video upload. Yep. Almost to a thief. But here on this channel, we react to videos that you guys submit to us using the link in the description box. Down below, Nali, what are we reacting to today? Okay, so today we are reacting to seven Filipino values that we should be proud of. So it's obviously a video made by a Filipino and we as foreigners have experienced some of these values already, I think. I haven't seen this video, but living here for almost two years. Three years? Yeah. Because to follow me. You know what I'm like, oh, fuck. I've read this comment several times already, and I kind of agree. We're reaching a point that calling ourselves foreigners probably isn't adequate anymore. Because I feel more Filipino than anything else. Really? So people say we have foreign noise. Foreign noise? I like that. I like that. Before we jump into this video, please hit that subscribe button right underneath here. It helps us out a lot on the channel. It doesn't cost you a thing and you get notified. The next time that we upload a reaction video. So, without a second, let's jump into it. Yes? Two slabs. It's a free slab kind of computer. I like it so bad. Pinot and values. Like the music. Look at that. It's different from different values and stereotypes. And of course, our country, the Philippines, has no exception. We Filipinos believe that we have perhaps one of the best values in the world. I agree. Came from our ancestors and remained intact. And we are still honoring them, giving up to this day. Filipinos are not perfect. But we have greater touristics and qualities that we Pinois should be proud of. So here are seven Filipinos. Seven Filipinos. We should be proud of. Value number one. Yes. It's hospitality. Yes. One hundred percent. The most popular qualities of Filipinos is being hospitable. The food. Forneless love, this warm hospitality and not just foreigners. Even us Filipinos had held high with this positive trait we had. Oh, mis-poodle fives. So good. Mis-it-so-much. The next value is freedom and love of content. Yes, agree. Filipinos are freedom-loving people. They can sacrifice everything and just feed them snake. And unconditional freedomless love is the state of me. Unconditionally, petriot. For Filipinos, it doesn't matter whether they are wounded, bruised or salvaged. As long as we can preserve our freedom, then we will fight for it in the name of our country, the Filipinos. Yes, it's very unique. The third value that we have is religion. Yes, religion. The religion in general are God-centered and God-conscious. Religious cultures such as the Black Nazarene, Vistas, honoring of our patrons and car-blessings and house-blessings are just some of the acts that we value religion so much. House-blessing, we have to do that. Yes. About New Condole. We have to. We're bringing a bag of rice, women, women, women. We're going to do all the things. The fourth value that we have is human labor and the growth. Self-development. We Filipinos value this trait so much. Because by working hard, a person can attain his desires and fulfill his dreams. From our hardworking, old W's, who are greatest and strongest laborers, we salute you. Oh! Even with the kids. The fifth value that we have is family. Yes. Oh, I love that. That's right. We collect the vests and us Filipinos are well known for our family centered. Filipinos give so much value to their family that their labor is so hard and sacrificed so much for their family. The family that saw goodness, ribs fortune and the one that saw evil, ribs suffering. Family is everything. The sixth value we have is personal dignity. Filipinos personal dignity is the most important wealth on earth. Worldly riches can be bought but one's good character is lasting and priceless. We impose this value through different self-improvement and by showcasing different skills and talents that we can do everything as a Filipino. Yes, very true. Last and definitely not the least, number seven value is human fellowship. In human fellowship, Filipinos are known to have good relationship with each other. According to the Ilocanos, if you don't like the person, you should not shame or embarrass him. Yes, very true. A human being in relation to another human being. So these are just some of the noticeable values we Filipinos have and there are hundreds of good characteristics we can be proud of. I'm totally agree. I'm not a good person. Nothing but good vibes. This has been Josh Guerra and I am proud to be Pinoi. Awesome video. Awesome video. Okay, here are a few things that we want to say. First of all, when it comes to a job, people, you know, it doesn't matter what kind of job Filipinos do. They take so much pride. Yes. I remember this one guy at the supermarket at... What is that? supermarket? No, no, at restaurants. How the options? There's a guy at Healthy Options and he takes his job super, super seriously. He wants you to come in and be super willing to come home and he always makes you aware of the stuff that you have to take. Before the pandemic, he would stand there, he would greet everybody every day and he would remind you to watch your steps. The first step and the second step. Also when you leave, he would re-remind you of the two steps. Every time we come there and we've been living here for like two years. Every single day he does his job with the same emphasis and with the same energy. And it's like he's not like watch your step. He's like watch your step. Watch your step. He's so nice. He absolutely makes my day. Yeah, and I just want to hug him. I want to hug him. He is such a great guy and I really look up to him. And now since pandemic, he also does like the temperature check and he disinfects your hands and he makes sure it's like two squirts on the left, two squirts on the right. Rubby, rubby go inside. Yeah, such a great guy. So I really appreciate the pride that people take in their jobs, no matter what kind of jobs they do here in the Philippines. Also abroad, really huge shutter to that because it's not a common thing in Austria where we come from. I think a big difference is that people here, they see a job as a privilege. And in Austria, many people see the job as, oh I deserve it. It's a burden. So there's a big difference in mentality between the West and here in the Philippines. And even when it comes to being proud of your country, it's nothing. It's nothing that I would say is seen in a bad way. Like this patriotism, it's more like I'm proud to be part of serving my country. And that's something that we realize with our YouTube blogs as well where everybody just loves to share the culture, loves to share the food, loves to share. And I feel like that Filipino life is all about. I feel like it goes a burden beyond because there's two types of Pride in the Philippines. For one, people are very proud of the Philippines. And then also additionally, people are very proud about being Filipino. Yeah. So there's two senses of pride that it's amazing. And then also the, what was it, human fellowship? Yeah. That's something that is lacking a little bit in the Western countries. We come from a Western country and we don't really have that kind of connection with each other. I would say everybody's more reserved, more for themselves or like the family. But it's not so much about expressing their feelings, the community, the family life. So that's something that I really love about the Philippines or the Filipinos. And that's also something that I want to strive for for our future life here. And we're very lucky to be able to experience it. Yes, very lucky. Thank you so much for tuning in for today's video. We hope you enjoyed it. Give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. And subscribe if you knew. Yeah. And of course, what was the other thing? Notification belt. Yes, oh and that we will, yes. No perro. We'll see you tomorrow on WhatsApp Philippines. Bye bye.