 I guess we found the other outlet cover or those one there now. Okay buddy, come on down and there's one there now. Anyway, what we're doing now is we're basically, we've set up the makeshift boundary for the dirty kitchen. As you can see it's going to be that big. It's going to be a big room. I'm also contemplating putting the toilet, shower, sink, and enough room for a bed, like a smaller room for a yaya there in the dirty kitchen. And then the rest of it is going to be for the dirty kitchen, washer dryer and whatever else we decided to do with it. Maybe a large island in the center for all the food preparations. Anyway, this is the boundary here so we're starting to pick up all of the excess sand and dirt and rocks. We're going to take that too because I'm going to take that and then just basically bring in dirt later and put over the septic tank. As a fillion, I said before I go out and purchase any more sand, anything. And we're taking it from here right now. The children and I, we cleared out all the big rocks over here and over here. And this is where I still got to put it, the elbow pipe, elbow and dig down the ground and run it out over here so that that's from the sink. Let the water go over there. Weight none. Zabena right now. I think she's doing a CR break and water break. EJ just did his. As you can see, I got two small shovels. Zabena and EJ are out here helping me. There's mine. It's a slow progress. An old weak-hearted man and two young children. But you know what? It's our house, our land, and we're going to work it. You got brother J on the other side, hauling in the sand from the other front of the house. So we're using all the excess stuff. So all this, we're going to pile up over here, take out, pull back there. All this stuff here, patches here, you know, all this over here. And then one on the side and we're going to fill in for the dirty kitchen. All this break this up. And then this over here, dig it out. And then around, you know, all this, this stuff and the wheelbarrow. We'll pile in the wheelbarrow, that mess over there. And there's the sand brother J has taken it from. And then we're going to smooth up all this stuff down here. And decided we're going to put steps over here. Obviously we'll put steps here. And then we'll put steps here. And I'll figure something to do on the other side and don't really need dirt because we've got the stairs. But then we're going to smooth out. We're going to plaster that cemented and plaster it. Whatever you want to render it. Whatever you want to call it. Okay, to make it look nice. Because I just want it solidified. But then we're going to bring, we're going to build like a flower bed kind of thing of wall up here. And then we're going to fill all that in with soil, cover up the pipes. Basically with soil, we're going to plant in like maybe hedges or some kind of flowers there around the house. That's the future plants. We're going to smooth this out and get this paint of the certain color. After we do the steps, just going to show you what we're doing. We're just picking up garbage and piles here. And the rest of the stuff. And we're going to separate it. Parasubo's, bottles, cans, plastics. So anyway, that's kind of what we're doing now. Home improvement for today. We're working while my son is on the other side. Once it hits here, we'll stop this side and maybe move on the other side. EJ, sonce Ate. She went for a two-week break like 15 minutes ago. Okay, it's good for the kids that work. It's good exercise. I'm not overworked. You know, like I said, it's our lands, our house, our life. Really. They get like maybe three shovels in there, to my 20. But that's good for them to work alongside me. I'm going to have a good work ethic. Okay, folks, that's just the thing here. We've had what's today Friday. When do we move in? We've had two nights here. Two or three nights. I can't remember now. I'm just going to tag this on the other video. And we're going to go from there. We let Nileita put her cows in the evening up in the front, parked by the grass over there. And we're going to let the cow pies, which are almost stepped in, dry out, and we're going to shovel them up in the world bird, haul them off. And then we're going to start mowing this area from the front of the house back. Okay, folks. All right, that's it for now. Thank you. Okay, note to the cano me. These bags of sand, the clean sand, ship the sand, they sit here. Got rid of the rocks and everything. And that's for the do the sand, the back of the house still. Still some work to be done back there. So silly me, I didn't realize that. We're going to be bags up in that world world there. And then we're back and I emptied them into the area of the foundation for the dirty kitchen. Fortunately, brother Jay saw me and said, oh, no, no, no, no. So we're just going to haul these to the back. We can be used for the dirty kitchen as well as this stuff. We're going to dig shovel all this up eventually day by day. I'm about down here. You know, can't overwork my heart. You're going to start to heat up now as you can see the sun's here. So a little bit more, maybe than I'm done for the day and cleaned up. I already sent the kids in the house. I'm going to be cleaned up, get some more yinda and get them an ice cream later for the day's work. You think I gave them a million bucks? Obviously, I need some work socks and work shoes. This one disappeared. This one. I ripped it with a shovel and I hit one toe. I'm bad at the toe quiz. But I'm actually from stuff like that. The shovel bounced off the rock. I have not shown the dig it up. It's back slamming in the toe. So anyway, I got to give me some work shoes like where we were from. We showed it versus this time. It'll be a mystery cue to pie with my little workbooks and short pants. Okay folks, there's our temporary place to dry clothes until we get something permanent set up. And eventually get a dryer sometime in the future after the dirty kids have done. I'll have to politically second take care of the wash machine which is currently right here. We got to get a longer hose. I got to get it out of the range of the weather. And then we've got to redo all this. I mentioned it, of course, and clean it up and paint it up. So, I already focused. I'm going to add this on. Childly. Good afternoon, 3.32 pm, 27 December, 2022. It's Tuesday afternoon. We're here. We're moved in. Obviously you've seen that already. There's what we've been doing last. Yesterday, brother Jay's been cutting grass with a weed heater. That's tough. That's tough. This grass is really thick. It's really hard, but he's only going to do a section over that at the time. Not here yet. Not here yet. So, I'm at the corner. What he did the last several days. Took him Sunday Monday. Took him two days to do this. Part of two days, two days to do this. The piles, JC who's washing the scooter and myself and the two kids, break up the piles with the grass because I don't want to leave it lay it down. So, we just want to get it up. We started having the kids pick up the garbage and the big rocks that they could carry, you know, nothing huge, obviously. So, we're going to come out here again. It's cooled off now a little bit. The sun's kind of behind the clouds now. And we're going to probably wait, make it three piles. Here's one. Move some over there and then we're going to burn it down. It's just too much work just to keep shoveling in the two wheelbos we have there. And hold that in the back where I really want to burn it. So, we're going to just put it here. Burn it. We're going to pull those long holes right here that you can see in the grass as it snakes across. We're going to pull that over. I stand by. In case it's okay, buddy. In case, you know, it starts to get out of control. It's shut and we're going to keep it, you know, burn veterans here, you know. Anyway, this is the section we've cleared. It's still in the process. And then the southern section with the same area over there this house won't start raking up. Or since we get the dump, what's behind me, move the holes over. And we're going to have the kids out here again. The garbage, this is off in the workers, you know, the workers when they were here just throwing stuff and whatnot, you know, just done with something throwing it to the ground. And because you uncover a lot, once you start cutting the grass down, a lot of the rocks here, you see we're going to get that out. Because once I do get a lawn mower here, I get it out of the way. It's the sand that we're hauling from here to the back. I'm going to haul all this stuff to the back and all this stuff here to the back and anything that's pile of rocks over there and sand and gravel and all this stuff. We're going to take to the back, the foundation area. You see all the stuff that's uncovered here. Once we cut the grass cut to, when I pick it to do a pick up the garbage, pick up rocks, and then we're going to rake and see Ampadora bottles. The guys, the workers just left out here. We had asked them not to do that. But anyway, there's a pile over there. We're going to haul it somewhere. Eventually, so anyway, go back here. We boarded off the, uh, what we're going to build, the outline of the dirty kitchen back here. Not right away, but I just wanted to do something now that we're here. So, it's going to go from where you see the board here, here. It's all over around. Nice square section here. You can see we started bringing in sand and we did the kids and I on the other side of this. Under that sand is big rocks. It's like this and everything that we were tossing there. That was yesterday. Was he yesterday morning? Let's see. Oh, Saturday morning. Sunday morning, good work. Sunday, the kids. There was folks who go to church. Something happened. I don't know. Say, anyway, Sunday morning. So yesterday afternoon, we came out and did the raking. But over here, we cleared a lot of the rocks and stuff out from over here. Not everything is you can see. Some of that's concrete that needs to be broken up. I'm not sure how much I want to shovel up here. I'm going to cover this section in dirt. We're going to bring it up. And we got to go on the other side. Anyway, you can see where it is here. There's a lot of rocks under that sand. I'm going to get this haul this off. Just, you know, step by step, little by little. Said, you know, two small kids, me with a heart condition. I got to stop every few minutes. Heart gets to pounding. I don't know what we're doing. I want to live. I got to break this up. This is like concrete from what they were doing this here. This stuff all over the around the house and everything. I should have paid more attention. I just told them, hey, keep the concrete mixing in one area. Yeah, I'd grab it here. Look at all this here. Just busted up, broken up. But anyway, it gives us something to do. It feels like we're home now. We're working on our property and you got to get these rocks up here. So when we do moat down, there's some more bottles over there. We recovered them for door bottles. It's a bag of garbage. Ha ha. Anyway, we're going to haul this stuff here off over there somewhere out of the ways to just give it a better look. We got the air conditioning in here. Looks kind of ugly. Eventually, I'm going to have it boxed in but ventilated. So you just don't see it. The ugliness sticking out. That's what I call ugliness. And kind of like when Korya Ferdinand did that right there. What else we're talking about? We got to clean this off real good. Chip off some of the paint concrete. I want this to look a little bit better so we clean it up. All projects. We got to clean up the windows as you can see. A lot of things to do. We're just going to settle in on it. So here's why I need to let it ventilate it here in the back. So I'll put something around it so it looks nice. Paint this blue thing here. The blue pipe. The drainage pipe. And then bring it further down. And we'll paint that white. Bring it all the way down here because I don't want the water dripping on the walls. Same thing with the one up there. As you can see, it's blue. And then you stop there. So I got to get some more three quarter inch pipe and bring it all the way down. So I need to look at least to there. Stop it there and then just let it drip here. I don't care. There's not that much dripping here. And obviously we got a drain pipe here. So you can see around the property. That's a lot of work to do for us. Um, videos on the home improvement will be slow coming. As I mentioned earlier in the video, and baby skies. We got our hands full with him. He's going through some trouble sometimes here with his grind and being up at night and during the day. And it just seems mama calms him. No one else calms him. But mama calms him. So what happens when you breastfeed? Stay close to the feeding field there. But anyway, that's what we're looking at. Um, here it is here. The same as always folks. As soon as the money, I free up some money. It takes a while sometimes. There's a free up some money. We're going to do the external painting. Fix this area here. Do something with those column posts to make them look nicer up there. And while we're waiting for the canopy, funds to put a canopy up over there. See, I think that's about it for now. What we're doing was letting Nileeta who lives over there. That's not her house. Oh yeah, it is. That is her house. I'm thinking the trees. Anyway, she's putting her bock or cows over here now. But we're going to ask her to stop because they poop a lot and there's a lot of fresh manure. We're going to use the dried up manure for fertilizer. There's just too much of it over there. We're going to start cutting over here. Brother Jay is going to be going to be going to Manila to spend several days with the family. He's going to come back with a little land. This school starts back up. That's going to happen soon. But right now, this is where we stand. So I'm going to go ahead and stop here. I'll add this on to another video. All right, folks. Thanks for sticking with us. We're at 746 subscribers. We go up and down to the tree. It's not a lot of material that we've been able to post. It's super interesting once the actual build stop. But we're going to try to do what we can and when we can, how we can. Until we can free up some time. Baby sky gets a little bit more use to us in the place. Okay, all right. Thanks folks. And here we go. I finished my children for today. Which was some more piles over there. We're going to finish up another pile tomorrow. These two's mission. His mission was to pick up the big rocks. Put them there. And hers was to pick up the garbage. Well, while I was working, I kept an eye on them and they kept playing around. So now I'm over here, setting them to porch, monitoring their progress. Chop chop. Let's get to it. You're burning daylight folks. EJ, I need you to focus on one area, not the sand area. Come on. I'm trying to get him over here. All these rocks over here to pick up and put this thing here. He loves this kind of work he plays at. It's outside of the put in the work. We're getting him to stay focused. It's quite a chore. It's your focus for a little while, but then she'll see him playing like he's doing now. And then she'll start wanting to play. You know, chitlins, chitlins, man. We got to love him. But you know, this is our, this is our, so we got to work it. We got to work the land. All right, I start, I share that with you. Don't worry about the video. Let's go, EJ, you still playing around with one rock over there. Let's go, son. Chop chop. I love these two. Mom was inside with Skylar. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. We got, we got a long way to go. All right, folks. Wave, wave by. Wave by at the camera. Say bye, air folks. You're gonna say bye, EJ. Bye. Bye. There you go. I know you ain't tired. Okay, folks.