 Alright, so one of you beautiful subscribers, Ardi, Kabatian contacted me and asked me to react to a specific video called Cast Thy burden upon the Lord. And apparently it's arranged by Alejandro Consolacion. And this was performed during a competition in the fifth Tokyo International Choir Competition. And Ardi, Kabatian, I think that's how I understood it was one of the performers. And that's the video that we will be reacting to today. If you are new to the channel, welcome. Maliga, Yangpag, Babadek, Sahar, Pin, Chan, O. My name is Ovela. I'm a sound engineer, beat maker and content creator on YouTube. And with that being said, let's jump right into it. From the Philippines. Oh yeah, they're definitely in Tokyo. Wow, look at you guys. Oh, fancy. And the outfit fits the environment, you know, the golden color. Wow. This is formal. And very serious. Thank you. Okay. This better be good. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I can't pause this. The chills. The constant chills, especially when they go into highs. Oh. Oh. It feels like the motherie got singers a little bit. Because I've heard it all on the floor. Because I've heard it all on the floor. Because I've heard it all on the floor. And the song is telling me. Oh. Oh. It's incredible. I think that we have a mixed of tenors and altos. and autos. like How sad, there areap плoth, Lord, let thatffing be digestive and That short release. Oh my god. That was extraordinary. I mean, it's legit orgasmic. I don't care. It feels orgasmic to me. From the moment they started till the moment they finished, I felt chills. During four minutes, because the first minute there was just a presentation. So four minutes of chills. Constant chills. Yo, this woman, I think it was this girl right here. She was the like, belter. She was singing those extreme high notes. I think that was her. She was incredible. Like she really, really stood out. And then at some point, oh my god, when the men decided to all take control, you know, those deep voices when they hit altogether, the harmony, the mix of like, I think it was a mix of tender and alto. Wow, just freaking wow. It was incredible. Shout out to the my stdro. Okay, this dude right here, the bald guy. Oh my god, this was so... I don't know if it was perfect because, you know, I can't call myself a professional when it comes to choir singing. And you know, like the title of the video reads something about the Lord, right? What does it say? Yeah, cast, I burdened upon the Lord. Like, honestly, to me that I wouldn't have known if I hadn't read the title of this choir piece. Because I don't understand anything that they say. To me, it's just a melody, it's just notes, beautiful notes that caress my body. Wow. They are so meticulous. It's so detailed. And everything when it comes to the singing, but also in the presentation. Look at them. They look so sharp and beautiful. That was so professional. Honestly, you made the Philippines proud. I'm not Filipino, but I believe I can speak on behalf of Filipinos here. Because you went to Tokyo, so Japan, to represent the Philippines with your beautiful choir. And you killed it. That was so freaking good. Honestly, if I hadn't liked it, if I heard something wrong or whatever, if there was a mess, somebody had messed up, I would have told you so. That was one, I don't know if you heard, but someone in the audience, freaking sneezed in the middle of the performance. Come on, man. But it was so good. So, so good. Chills from A to Z. There you go. Now, it is your turn to let me know the comment section below your thoughts on this performance. I could not pause. At first, I was about to. I was about to say something. And then I was like, bro, I'm feeling chills all over my body. And it's non-stop. I would do a disservice to this performance to pause it, you know? I just didn't want to either. It felt like I had to take it all in in one shot. Yeah. But I'm in Maraming Salam, Matt. Pull. And of course, if you found value in this video, do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.