 Oh my god, no, I'm so excited. I thought he was attacking. No, he's playing. I'm scared of you though, I didn't see him. Oh my god. Oh my god. I'm so, I'm so, I'm so. I'm so. I'm so, I'm so. I'm so. I'm so. I'm so. Okay, good morning from Shargau. It is like 6.15 in the morning right now and I'm just on my way to go meet two new friends for a little bit of a morning coffee. Today's vlog is going to be really chill to be honest. I debated if I should even film today so I was like, maybe it's kind of boring. But I think it's important to show both epic adventure days and regular travel days when you're not necessarily doing the most epic iconic thing. It's part of the thing that I love most about travel are just the chill days when you can just enjoy day-to-day life in the place that you're visiting and that is something I love here in the Philippines. So on that note, we need to get this day started because I'm actually running a little bit late. They are texting me now and I am still at home. Hi puppies. The noble steed is waiting. Oh, it is foggy. Five minutes later. Okay, just made it. I need to, I need to lock up my helmet. Let me show you when you do a little helmet trick. So I don't have to carry my helmet with me. I just take this thing and I kind of clip it under the seat so no one can take it. I mean, you could cut it if you wanted to but that would just be rude. So we, we deal. Wow. Hi. I'm sorry I'm late. This is so beautiful. Hi, I'm Zia. You can follow me in my IG. Yeah, it's crazy. Which KRI ZZIA? Oh, you a TCH? Like here. Shameless promo. Okay, what a good spot. I'm so glad we came here so early. Look at it. It's all Filipino coffee. Okay, cool. So we have all of these little, all of these little jars of coffee and oh my god. And you can choose the region where it comes from. That's amazing. What did you guys pick? Mine is the Milders because you know, I don't drink coffee. Batangas. Batangas. Excelsi. And what did you guys? I tried go. So did I go. So did I go. The Sorgh Abusta. Is that the strongest? No, this is the second. Second. Because you're a serious coffee janker. Yeah. Okay, so we are going to try the Bula Khan. I am just destroying these labels with my hands. I am so sorry. Okay. So once you pick your coffee, you get to decide how you want it brewed and they have this helpful little chart here. I feel like I want the safe food because that seems cool. Damn. That is so good. Holy Games for Gals. What the heck? I mean, I thought it was going to be good, but like, that's really your coffee. I'm not pretend like you're drinking it. Highly recommend coming to Mad if you were ever in Shagal. This was a great spot. Thank you. Oh, now you're being quiet. I see how it is. Okay. Okay, I'll leave you. I'm going to head back to... There you go. Back to my apartment now because I have a vlog. I need to upload and then we're going to get on with our day. Very happy to report that I am done my editing. I hit upload on my vlog, best feeling in the world now, hopefully. Later today, in the end of the loading and you will see it. It was a very productive morning. I also purchased some fairy tickets for some adventures. We have coming up outside of Shagal and did a few more like hotel bookings and miscellaneous things. I needed to get done. Now I want to go grab some food and on the way to the restaurant. We got to drop off all this laundry because I haven't done laundry since like the second day here in Shagal. That is not happening. There is just no way my laundry is fitting in that bike. Let's go. Love a lounge, laundry and cafe. Hi. Hi. I have laundry. And now I want to go get something to eat because it's already 1 o'clock and I am starving. That would be great. Thank you. So when you take a tour with Bravo, at the end of the day they drop you on the beach right up front at the resort. And when I was walking back and I was super hungry after my tour, I saw everyone eating here in the food. It was really good. So I decided I would come and try it out for myself. So we are here at Bravo beach restaurant Shagal and we are going to see how the food is. I am so in love, so in love, so in love, so in love. Oh, so I am just heading out to grab my scooter again. And I want to go find that beach that I found a while ago. And I think it was a secret little cove beach and you will know which one I am talking about when we see it. Anyways, I want to go there, find a spot in the shade and just relax for a little bit. Okay, I found my favorite little beach area here. This is just the most beautiful entrance to me. How is this even real, honestly? I am all situated and I have my book with me. I honestly have not made it that far through this because when I was on the plane, I mostly watched friends. Instead of reading because I don't know, it's just what I did. What have I done? Oh, what have we come ladies? I have to say, even though I really, really love adventuring and exploring and I just thrive off of that, I also do love taking a chill day once in a while. Enjoy the place you're visiting, enjoy everything they have to offer. I think I'm going to say goodbye for today. Stay tuned for my next vlog. The plan is going to be iconic. That will be coming soon. Make sure you leave this video a thumbs up, say hi in the comments and thank you for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Feel free to put your hands on the comments down below what you guys want so that she can go ahead and do it for you. Bye. Best YouTube buddy ever. Isn't that so good, guys? See you soon, soon. See you soon, Shurikaw.