 Friends Gamusta Kayao, I could see Maxim Welcome to our channel. Yes, this one as soon as we see Gamusta Kaya she come this one here and one that you don't see here She's chasing the mosquito or you just heard the jump She's chasing the mosquito. So yeah, wow. I made a discovery last night. Thanks to your comments Some of you are waiting for us to post a video before going to bed So now we're gonna try to publish before 9 p.m. Because sometimes we're at 10 11 p.m. Because we have other channel And it's sometime it take time. We're gonna try to wake up earlier than if we wake up at 2 3 p.m Because we are watching the TV show itayon class and we're addicted to sleeping late But they're gonna try to start sleeping earlier. Okay, we have two reactions today The first one is Filipi no team that's can speak 18 languages what we call a polyglot also I love watching these polyglot video when people speak a lot of language a lot of time though is deceiving because Of the can see like Elo are you? So it may give you the impression that they can speak many many languages But they cannot but this one judging by the like this like ratio. I have a feeling that he can really speak a lot of language And as well, I of course French English Spanish a little bit and I can understand a little bit Thai and so G Thai now French you can understand a little bit in a Russian What we don't do is that Suji was kind of a tour it she worked for a tour company and she had a love Russian customer and she pick up the language a little bit. Yeah, that was long time ago though So okay, let's get started. So yeah, of course is Filipino 18 One per year. Oh my god. That's nice. That's a lot My name is Ramoth something I Mabuhai I know this one Oh wow So I know somewhere are similar to Spanish, but I do not understand anything except Mabuhai and one he say his name Yeah, I heard a pussy or something. He said that in the beginning. Yeah, English. Okay The age of six I was taught to English language is a second language of Philippines and oh my god We were taught English the English language here in the Philippines in like the first grade up to college I think That is why I think English is a language that I'm most comfortable speaking with because A lot of years I'm fluent in it and I speak with any English speaker in order Yeah Wow, it's accent is amazing wait it doesn't have a typical Filipino accent right? It's like it's he talk about Arab you probably study or travel on American Accent is really like internationally. Yeah, it's it's kind of I mean the way he's been even like not really open his mouth. Yeah, but having said that I have no problem understanding the Filipino accent Yeah, it's one of the accent in the world that I have like no problem like with it It's like it's not like Indian you know that I have struggled from Daniel or Indian or even like you don't I'm Scottish Or Irish I have problem but Filipino is an easy accent to understand yeah I'm so All easy Really look like Oh, I think he's explaining all The why I learned learning He's explaining I understand Spanish a little bit, but this has been a long time university. He's just telling how he's learned Spanish or something Oh because it's similar to Tagalog so it was able to learn both uh me But the vocabulary is very easy for me because Spanish is not the only language that we use in our country Now the language in the Philippines has many similar words with Spanish Oh hi! Is it like furthermore or like an or something when you add something you see, I'm not sure But wow, I'm so happy to say something, I think the Spanish language is so sexy Yes! More than Tagalog, there's an expression on this speak, it's so sexy Sorry Yeah and I really love the way he's speaking in the... what is his Spanish? I even gotta say Spanish Oh this is so sexy! You think friends? Yeah I love his accent so much, it's like even close my eye, he's not really like come from like... Yeah, he doesn't move his lips a lot, it's like he's really natural for him you know? When you finish Spanish, I thought I wanted to learn more languages So I tried to find out more about the internet that is easier to learn So I learned Italian The Italian grammar is very similar to Spanish because I'm the only one who knows the language I always speak with my friends to help me to practice it Wow! I think he's explaining again how he learned Italian I've also learned Italian, I've found a friend from Napoli who I've met on Facebook Some words are similar to French and Spanish also, I think it's a easy to Latin language Again, Italy, I'm not sure but some words I understand again I always learn Italian with my friends, I'm learning Italian and I'm learning grammar grammar French! So I learned my French and French, the reason I learned it is because... He's not speaking my French, he's speaking the French from Paris, you know? He's speaking the French French, let's do it again He learned French because he wants to go for a friend or he wants to friend to Paris with some of his friends and he's saying that learning French is easy It's not easy! Look back, creep! That is so bad for me, I hate art He's very similar to Italian and Spanish but the most difficult for me is the French He's saying that it's really similar to Spanish and Italian, what I would just say but he said he's struggling with the pronunciation Which one is he learned for Spanish? Yes, Spanish and French, I use very similar, I don't know about Italian, I took one Spanish class in university and I was able to read Spanish after that, just one class so because it's really similar. He said he's practicing with his mouth for his pronunciation because the most difficult to pronounce in French is the R, apprend. Of course! Regardez! Regardez! Look, look! The R, the R, it's the most difficult to pronounce in French and everyone is struggling if in him he's struggling with the R. I love the music and the music and the music and the music, I mean love, so he loves it. But he's struggling with the pronunciation but I can understand him like 100% Well, I mean, I feel like his mouth is something with his lips, it's really like a lot of techniques. Yeah, I practice a lot. Yeah. I think he's saying that it's easy to learn too. I'm not sure if he's saying that, but I can't say that because he's not very curious about the Portuguese. Because he knows it, because he's the same thing as why he's easy to learn something like that. German! Yes! And now I'm going to speak German. I'm going to speak German if I speak German. It's very difficult to learn, but I'm telling you guys that I can learn German if I want to learn German. And then learning is that I can speak German if you want to learn German. Now I can speak German, I've always spoken with the German language. Yeah, exactly. I would expect a German to speak like this. Yeah, well, you know, I always thought that it was like, I don't know, not necessarily pretty to listen to a German. I don't know the language, it doesn't feel pretty to me to listen to it. I feel that the language is not like, you know, and for not even though it was German, language, I feel like it's come from like Middle East, something like that. You feel rough to me, no, but I mean, the more you listen to it, the more you get used to it, you know. Dutch Netherlands. I think it's not far from German, that's why I speak a language that is going to be some similarity. African. Where is African? Yeah. Now, African. It's my living town that I really had. I had to think that it didn't really get all the layers, but more to a deep layer of a king head, this is so markedly. Where is it? Why does it sound Middle East? Turn a little bit. I mean, is it from Africa? Where is it, African? Yeah. I've heard of it, but I don't know where it is. I've heard it, African. It looks like it makes between Middle East and European language or something. I'm confused, but it flies. Esperanto? What the hell is Esperanto? It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and the Netherlands. It's like a mix between Netherlands and Germany and the Netherlands. It's a little bit too much. I'm not sure if you can read it. Esperanto. And an Asian! I don't know. Oh my god. What's up. I think because it's a completely different alphabet. I don't understand anything. Damn it's so quick! So quick! Oh, Swedish! I don't know. Swedish is going to be a bit late to the back. Swedish? I've seen this talk when I heard a lot from the Roman Amazon. The song is going to be a bit late. Swedish is going to be a bit late. In the Scandinavian language it's only vet. I hope that you can learn from me. The Swedish are being Sweden. So now she's going to be there to tell you what you see. I'm not going to be there. You're going to help me to understand what I'm saying. I'm going to speak Russian. I'm going to speak Russian. Russian? I studied Russian. Because if I'm not going to be there, I'm going to be here in Russia. And I'm going to the country that Russia is beautiful. It's amazing that even though he speaks different languages, he's still really consistent. He really, really practiced to get every language pronunciation. I really love the live every time. If you notice, different language, the movement of his live is going to be so different. I think he has been practicing a lot. It's practicing to sound like a little bit similar. It's a little bit like Russian but not like that. It's actually... Oh. Korean! Oh! The accent is a little bit like Russian but not like... That's actually... Oh. Korean! Oh! Hello, I'm a Korean. I'm a Korean. I learned Korean. I learned Korean. Hello. We have a Korean channel also when we do reaction. Yeah. And I learned Korean. I learned Korean because I'm a Korean. I learned Korean because I'm a Korean. And I learned Korean because I'm a Korean. Even after the end gesture. And the lips. The facial expression that matched the country. He really studies. He's not like just learning. He's studying everything. Yeah! Let's show. Greek. China. Mandarin. Oh! Chinese! Mandarin? Oh, Ho-Jiao! Hello! My name is... I'm a Chinese teacher. I'm from Philippines. I'm a Chinese teacher. I have two students. I'm a Chinese teacher. The pronunciation is really... trying. Amazing. It's really good. I'm a Chinese teacher. I'm a Chinese teacher. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I'm always going to put an English word there. When you speak a Filipino language, he's always a viewer. It's really... really English. It's too hard to translate. Thanks for watching. I hope I have sent the right words. If I haven't made mistakes, I'm sorry. I'm not really glinting all of them. It's a practice. Thank you very much. Just a practice. Oh, man. Yeah, really amazing. I noticed the language that he learned. He used a lot of tongue usually. The tongue? Yeah, on this video. I think maybe the way he learned, he just like... Shoot the language that like... close to each other. Yeah, use some language in a rough that are very close to each other. But then, through Indonesia. I think Indonesia was colonized by the Netherlands. That's why I think he learned in Indonesia. Because I think there's a population of Indonesia in the Netherlands. So he's using Indonesia because he learned the Dutch. And then he learned German around. And then he went to Italy. He went to France. Learning a language that has connection to people. Yeah. My guess that he has lived in the Netherlands or around. So I've been in contact with the Indonesian people. That's why he learned Indonesian and not like Malay or Thai or something. Because of the colonization of Indonesia by the Netherlands. Yeah. I think that's why. But he's amazing actually. So thank you for watching everyone. Recommend this more. And see you next time. Bye bye.