 Good morning you guys. It's about 4am. I'm trying to catch a motorbike to the port. I take it hopefully it's not fully booked and we're off to see our go. We're going to get a bike on Chargau. Thank you. Thank you. We tried it yesterday. I'm super good for that. Otherwise I'm at the terminal to see if we can get a ticket. A lot of you guys have been commenting that I need to start eating more because I've been listening a lot of weight. That's true. I still got my sub 2 donuts. I got to wait about an hour. It should be a good day. So the boats are open now and I'm going in there. It's 4.30. It doesn't seem to be a whole lot of people here. The terminal is almost completely empty. We have some quite nice sunrise going on there. The party in the mom party is the beginning. Try to steam on the fence as best as I can. I'm so excited. We are driving in Dak tak. I think guys. I hope you guys really liked the last Kubota video. I think it's the day number 3. I spent all my editing it. So I had about 2-3 hours of steam. I felt completely thirsty from the boat. I don't know how long the boat ride was. Maybe 2-3 hours. I slept like a baby and now I'm super fresh. Time to get a big tricycle fix this raining. We'll go to a surfing town. It's on the final hotel. That's a good. That's a good. That's a good. That's a good. Surfing. Surfing. Surfing. Yeah, Surfing. I know that. How much? I'm a sui. The moon? 250. 200? 200? It's best now. We've got to do that. We've got to make a bargain. We found a tricycle. If the 200 pesos, I think it's a little bit too much. But usually when you go here the first time, I just like to take the tricycle, get out of the places. Then maybe later I'll do some more bargains to the Japanese or something. Squeezing through here. We're about to go down. We should be there pretty soon. We should be going down. We need a comfort. Alright guys, I found a hotel finally. I checked two-three of them and this place is redonkulous. Take a look at that. That's where the pro surfers are going. I won't be going there because I'll be studying it. They'll be teaching me. But I probably learn it quite quickly because I'm good on snowboarding. So I think it's quite similar. It's about 3 pm now and in about an hour we'll be hitting the ocean. Doing my first, very first surfing lesson. So I'm super excited about that. I've been spending like two, three hours and now editing that come out as video. Come out as video number three. I really hope you guys liked that one. I put a lot of effort in it. I enjoyed filming it, editing it. I think it's one of my best. I really like that video. So yeah, I'm going to put this camera down and grab my GoPro. I'm not sure how much I'll film for the surfing lesson but let's hope I can get some cool stuff to showcase my very first time on the ocean trying to surf. It's my guide today guys. He says it's really shallow but so no diving. Just did some practicing here. Paddling and jumping onto the board or more like pushing yourself up. Keep it the balance. I think I got it. So we're going for it. Such a cool area guys. I had no idea this was going to be like that. Oh, droop. That surfing area was there is called Cloud 9 and the beginners areas over there. However, he's going to take me to the. Yeah, not so much beginners area but should be fine. All right, here we go guys. I've got to put the GoPro on me here. I'll pass it to my mouth. I probably try to record the very first wave. I'll try that. Maybe after that, I'll try to get some practice. And then if I get a good hang of it, maybe I'll do some recording. Really? Yeah. How many times do you have in Philippines? Second time? Yeah. Well, first time here is the hour go. Yeah. Yeah. It's a little snowboard. You know, like, by the sunset. It's a little bit team gym. Which one? What can I say guys? How's it born for this? This kiddie. I love huge advantage because coming from snowboarding background. So warm away. And there we go back to land. Restore. Hey, perfect ending. It's a beautiful sunset going on. That's where getting back is sure. Surfing is definitely not also. Surfing is definitely not. It's also for everybody. There's a bunch of new beginners here. And you can definitely tell like some of them are not for them, but definitely give it a try if you can if you're in a surfing area. Small, super nice call waves. Loved it. If you're a beginner or not, come for a snowboard background. It doesn't matter. You just got to go for it. Don't think about anyone else. Super duper good day coming to an end. I love surfing. I do have advantage over other people. I'm a slanting again. We do snowboarding a lot. Having all that balancing background both from that I think also motorbikes or dirt bikes and all that. That helps quite a bit. So like the first two waves I rode, I got it pretty nicely. Third one I crashed and pretty much after that I think I nailed the rest of them. One hour surfing and maybe in the morning we'll do it again but maybe afternoon because it's in Independence Day so there's going to be some celebration here tonight so I'm going to go out and check that out. And yeah, until next time guys. Nice job.