 But you're Friday. The freshest. Cario Kittai, okay? You know what it's like? So if you're part of the channel, you're part of this beautiful, wonderful community, which I must say we're only mentally positive. Like I've seen other YouTube comments sections. They suck. But you are guys are awesome. You might feel or think that like, yeah, the Philippines is like, you know, what a great country, whatever, nice music, all this stuff. And then you presume that like, yeah, everyone sings there. But if you're outside of this community, you're not from the Philippines. You just don't know anything about Asia. This is probably the question you have. Why do they all know how to sing? 21,000 people agree. Because it's in the script. Why is this the case? Do not think just because you're in the bubble, this shit's normal. It is it. Let me return to my consent. Yes. Because those comments are so normal. Because I do your gg. Normal day in the Philippines. Normal day in my ass. This is a national sport. This is Olympic level sing. Also, he is f**king wasted probably. Oh yeah. This is a bang on what's in human means. It means a get drunk hang out with your friends at Sincarayoki. Correct. The guy in the background is like, he is that the embodiment of that comment. Yes. Just a normal day. Yes, yes, yes. Let me show you what we can do. We're also probably seeing colors. I'm his friend. We love TV. That is crazy. Damn dude. You know how hard that was? My goodness. That entry was so damn good. And he is leaning forward to begin with. Why is that bad? You might want to explain that. When you are leaning forward in a sitting position, you are compressing your diaphragm. Your abdominal wall is being compressed. Therefore, you don't have as much control of your breathing. Also, your posture is just all wrong. That means that again, you are not in control of the absolute need to engage. You have to go back muscles and relax the abdominal wall and be in control of the larynx where they need to go and what to anchor and what to release. But in his case, obviously, because he is naturally so relaxed, this is a really comfortable environment for him in terms of vocal technique. There is an element of comfort that might not be present in any other environment. Can we address the relationship between alcohol? And alcohol, most importantly, rum and singing. Okay, so rum is an incredibly warm liquor. So it allows for the larynx and the tiny little muscles inside of the larynx because they are so small, they heat instantly. So the old wives' stale, which is actually works. Sure works. It works. You don't want to be wasted while you perform. It creates a lot of long-term damage after. But given the fact that it's awful. Don't just live for today, mate. Live for tomorrow as well. That's right, it's a wonderful. You know that yellow thing? Shut up, little Billy. So rum is a hot liquor. So it allows for the blood flow to pump quicker towards that specific area. And it physically heats the tiny vocal folds inside of your larynx. You can feel it when you drink. And it actually allows for moisture to pump easier towards that area as well. So the vocal folds are slick and they're also very pliable at that point. It's the most flexible. So they're super flexible and they allow for a lot of freedom. Though something that I don't like with the alcohol is that because it numbs the area, you lose complete tactile feel, you lose feel. Feedback. Yeah, you lose feel inside of your... What it speaks to you. That's right. And you lose that. And those micro-tails that your muscles give you are a really important part of singing. And in this particular moment when you drink alcohol or like a shot of rum or something... Cutting off that line of communication. You lose that. You lose... You numb completely that area too. So you are abusing the ability. Now there is a very prominent singer from Asia called Regime Velasquez. Actually from the Philippines. She is a freak of nature. So don't exactly do what she does, but she is very popular because she not only likes to do it. She not only likes to have cold, the fucking water, eyes cold before performing. She also has like mint pastilles inside her bloody mouth as she sings because it literally numbs her larynxes. And she is known for her sort of immense larynx flexibility. What larynx flexibility means is they can just reach really high notes. So she is known for that. But we've always wondered. I also have to put something into consideration. The atmosphere is often warm. They sing in hot climate. So Regime Velasquez often sings in the Philippines. And it is a hot climate. And it is highly humid. So that also helps with maintaining body temperature. Yeah, so maintaining body temperature. So it means that your heart rate is also higher than when you are in a cold country. So the usage of ice cold water with mint pastilles is literally just a numbing agent. But it doesn't take away the pliability of the muscles because she is so warm in action. Like her actual heart is pumping. How cool, right? You never thought singing was this fucking complicated. There's the whole science. And this is the beauty of these damn videos. That is not that damn complicated. They just sing for the sake of singing. They're just hanging out. They're just something so cool. But do not be fooled, my friend. Don't be fooled, Billy. Go outside, touch them grass. Oh, yes, Billy. They're glass. They are clueless. Exposing. They are exposing in this video. They actually debunk all of this science. That's so cool. That's so cool. That's why I love this video. You're going on YouTube, a lot of vocal coaches and people like that. They have a lot of knowledge and all of that. They get gobsmacked by this. Because they debunk the science. Yeah, but also coachly, the Philippines is very different when it comes to singing. Built different. Son of God. Selin don't don't. That's really cool. So you see, even when he relaxed, his larynx were still, they still kept that high position, which is really awesome. Yes, Jay-Z. Wow. We're the pose. These, you're going right to hell, dude. You mother. 3,000 people like that. Someone saying he's only giving us 45% of the power, too. Yeah, nah, he's going hard. No, yeah, there are a lot of people. But I've been exerted. Yeah. I agree, doc. How can you put images in here? You can put gifts, baby. It's been a long run. It's been a long run. Crazy thing he ain't even trying. Meanwhile, Selin put her own entire body into that damn song. No, no, he's trying. Brought one from working the morning and had a 12 pack. And then blessed him, I'm like, okay, you know what? It's true, though. It's true. This guy's doing normal jobs. Go about their normal lives. They have a whole plate of food before they sit down and sing. Damn, it was just, again, it just debunks the science. There's no reason for this to be this good. And he makes no sense in my little brain. Yeah, it's very, very cool. It's very, very cool to see. And I would highly encourage you, because obviously we know we have people watching from all over the world. I would encourage you to check out the Filipino music industry. Correct. If you're like, bullets, you would be blown away, because historically they do make some of the best bullets. But also, the modern Filipino music industry, and others, plenty of great artists. Now, you can access them easily through the internet, TikTok, YouTube. So, to show that industry all their love and support. And they are apart from that. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.