 What? What? What? That's a condo! You better buy me that wedding dress otherwise we're not getting married. I don't know, I'm a little bit afraid of this video. What's up Philippines? Welcome to another reaction video. I'm Mike. I'm Nelly. To travel food and lifestyle bloggers based in the beautiful country of the Philippines where we will be getting married soon. So I am very fitting video that we were reacting to today. Yeah. Okay, so we got engaged. See? I said we. Finally, it's we. We got engaged in February. January. January. Which date Nelly? 26. And we decided to get married here in the Philippines. We want our family and friends to come over. And of course, it is difficult to start planning during the pandemic. Because we have to wait for our new things. But I already looked at a few wedding dresses. And today's video is something very accurate for the future wedding that we have. It's the 10 most expensive wedding dresses from Filipino celebrities. Oh wow. I don't think it's going to fit our budget. But we can watch it. We can watch it. We can just react to it and get some inspiration. But before we jump into this video, guys, definitely check out our engagement video. It's on our main channel making it happen. Vlog link right here. Also in the description you'll find a link where you can submit us video recommendations. Video you'd like to see us react to. And you'll find a link to our Bible group where we share some insights and daily updates. So definitely check that out. And I think without further ado, let's jump into this video. Looking for the perfect wedding dress can be exciting and can definitely cost you a little more. But most women don't bother about the weight on the wall. And since they want to look stunning on their perfect day. And whether the bride wants to add hundreds of decorations and most often have the gown custom designed. It's not hard to rack up wedding dress costs. Sure. Well guys, welcome to Top 10 World. And here's a list of the top 10 most expensive wedding gowns of famous Filipino celebrities. Number 10. Okay. Rupa Gutierrez. Ten thousand dollars. Wow. Ten thousand dollars. What is the highest price you'll pay for a wedding gown? Don't forget to let us know in the comments. Now the one dress of the actress Rupa Gutierrez was a year later inspired gown that is priced at over ten thousand dollars. She got married back in 2003 with her now ex-husband Yilmas Bechtaus. Number nine. Vicki Bello. Sixteen thousand three hundred dollars. Wow. The gown Vicki Bello wore to her wedding was with a three meter long train. Which included a French lace. And according to a blogger who made a personal query, the gown was priced at AED 60 thousand or sixteen thousand three hundred dollars. In an Instagram post, the Dubai-based Filipino designer reported that Vicki's wedding dress took one thousand hours to finish with fifty skilled artists. What? Number eight. One thousand five hundred dollars. Everyone was talking about the stunning gown that the model Georgina Wilson wore, which she married Arthur Burnand. And there's a reason they taught. The gown has even a name, the Elizabeth. And it's part of the fall in fifteen collection of the Filipino designer Monique Rulier. The gown is priced at over sixteen thousand five hundred dollars. In an Instagram post, Wilson stated that the creation is her dream wedding dress. Number seven. I think everyone wants her dream wedding thousand two hundred dollars. Wow. Back in 2050, Hart Evangelista and Chiaz Esquerto got married in Valeson Island Club. Hart's high sense of style was noticed for some chewest wedding gown. The creator Ezra was working on this dress for six months straight. The gown is decorated with roughly more than seventy thousand different varieties of sizes of Swawski elements. Ezra also did French lace for the lining and tool fabric on top. Added Ibarac lace embroidered with French sequence. The dress is nineteen thousand two hundred dollars. Number six. Marion Riviera. Thirty eight hundred dollars. One of the most waded wedding dresses. That's a calm. The wedding of ice garbantes. And Marion Riviera was definitely a wedding of the dreams. Marion was beautiful in her exaggerated Michael Sinko wedding gown. The off the shoulder e-cru colored gown in French lace, studded with Swawski crystals, cinched at the waist, and with a bowl skirt and a cathedral train, is priced at thirty eight thousand four hundred dollars. Number five. The princess of the crown. Fifty thousand dollars. We saw her. The main highlight of the wedding between Karina Sanchis and Marroxas was the bride and her bright gown. Sanchez wore a winding gown of woven pinya and silk. Created by Pepito Albert and Amir Sali. We spent a lot of time doing the bead work, like it's all hand work. Wow. And it's done two months doing hand work, including the train, said the designer Sali. Amazing. The bride didn't wear a veil because the designer thought it is better for bringing out the beauty of her face. The dress was priced at over fifty thousand dollars. Number four. Charlene Gonzalez. Fifty thousand dollars. Charlene Gonzalez definitely had the dream wedding. Without a doubt, her wedding was one of the most expensive weddings ever made. We're not quite sure how much they've spent, but we can tell you about the breathtaking gown this bride wore. Despite the fact that Charlene Gonzalez got married back in 2001, her dress is still one of the most loved and talked about wedding dresses, and it's the choice of many women all over the world. The price of the gown is said to be around fifty thousand dollars. Number three. Assumptive to Rossi. We have a money for wedding thousand dollars. You guys have heard of this saying, all eyes were on the bride. Well, at the wedding of the actress Asunti to Rossi, this was very true. Everyone couldn't help but stare at the way the bride looked. The famous couples wedding itself cost over seven million dollars. Now, let's talk about the gorgeous gown that Rossi wore. The wedding gown was designed by Vera Wang, accompanying with a crystal-sided tale. That's right. How much was it? Well, over fifty thousand dollars. Number two. Kai Abad. A hundred thousand. What? That's a cult. That's a cult. And Kai Abad left everyone impressed with their wonderful wedding. The custom-made dress Kai Abad wore looks like every bride's dream. From the long train to crystal decorations. This dress is a creation of the designer Francis Litheran and is priced at one hundred thousand dollars. Number one. Tanya Bautista. One hundred thousand dollars. Oh, wow. The its showtime host, Vong Navarro, and his longtime partner got married in 2019 in a private ceremony at four seasons hotel in Kyoto, Japan. Tanya was shining in her Michael Lava wedding dress. A white, aww-shoulder gown and a beaded cape with feather details. The beautiful, extravagant gown and a blush pink color matched her veil. And the gown is priced at shockingly $100,000. This is our list for the top 10 most expensive wedding gowns of famous Filipino celebrities. Which one do you fancy the most? Let us know in the comments section below. Make sure you like the video, subscribe, and hit the bell icon for more amazing videos such as this. I'm speechless. Yeah, that's not... You know, at first when I heard the first price I was like, it's not worth that money. But if you hear that how many hours of work went into it, it's actually worth that. But I wonder what happens to all these dresses after the wedding. I mean, are they keeping them? I mean, I wouldn't give away a $100,000 wedding dress, no, I don't know. I also don't do a second 10th version. I don't know. For me, a wedding dress, I think when I looked first, I was... I was somewhere around like $1,000. But then I thought to myself, it's going to be one time that I'm going to wear this dress. So I don't know if it's worth more than $1,500. For me personally, I don't judge anybody who pays more for their wedding dress. But for me, it's just, you know, you can look pretty in a less expensive dress as well. Yeah, it shouldn't be the defining thing. Yeah, it shouldn't be, oh, you better buy me that wedding dress. Otherwise, we're not getting married. So at least for us, I don't judge you. But yeah, my dream dress, if I may say, is a very... I would say simple dress. Very bohemian, that enhances the natural beauty of me. What am I? The bride. And I don't need any... Swarovski crystals. By the way, this is just glass. Swarovski is from Austria and it's a... Wait, what price? Just five, could you leave it? I just asked. Alright guys, I hope you enjoyed this video. I did give it a thumbs up, subscribe if you are new and without being sad. We'll see you guys tomorrow on... What's up Philippines? Bye-bye.