 Take a seat Lucy on a brand new sofa. Hi guys welcome poo Try that again. You just said welcome poo To a brand new video guys. This is a video that if you watched our quarantine vlogs We kind of going to like a little series of doing some videos like this and because we were trying to like I don't know come up with some new ideas and things Yeah, and you guys seem to really like this kind of thing So we have today is it eight eight misconceptions that foreigners so people like us or anyone who isn't Filipino Yeah, eight misconceptions that foreigners have about the Philippines now I would say that I know we're foreigners technically I know that but I like to think that the reason we can make videos like this It's because we have been here for quite a long time now and we explored so much the country that I kind of feel like I'm somewhere in between Filipino and for that yeah, I know exactly what we live in vanilla if you're new to the channel We've lived if er maybe nearly two years and before that we were traveling the Philippines non-stop tons of travel vlog on the channel If you're new around here, please hit that subscribe button as well But yeah, today we're gonna get straight into it eight misconceptions. I would these on that we had This is just what we've heard what other people have said to us and things that aren't as they seem so this is things that Someone like I've heard things on social media or someone's like oh you live in the Philippines Da da da da da they tell me the thing and I'm like actually know you're wrong Yeah, these don't really you don't realize it into spend time in the country Yeah, these eight things are not in our opinion are not true So we've picked them out especially to discuss with you today and please comment below give your opinions give your experiences The stories do you think we're right do you think this is what foreigners believe do you think that they are true? And even though we're saying they're not so just let us know in the comments also When we hit 500 count this channel, which is hopefully just around the corner which is crazy We are gonna be doing an epic live stream with you guys So make sure you hit the subscribe button because as soon as we hit 500k We're hitting live it might be three in the morning. It might be midnight It might be six a.m. Whenever it is we're gonna go live. It's gonna be good and guys that's gonna be like a huge live stream for everyone But also on top of that we do have membership on this channel if you want to hit the join button There is a join button down there And that's a way for you guys to support the channel if you want to totally obviously And on that is when we hit 100 members on the channel Can you see how many members we have or do it any we see that I think I knew we can see okay When we hit 100 which isn't too far away We're gonna do a private live stream for on members as well and that's gonna be intimate ask us anything You can hang out with us and just ask questions we can chat it'll be just over 100 people in there It's gonna be awesome. It's gonna be really really really nice So if you want to spot in our way, we'd be so so grateful, but of course you don't have to so I will start this off with Something that is probably the thing that gets said the most to me I've had many a conversation with people about this and I think it's the most untrue out of all of them So something and I hate saying this but I've heard it so many times people saying that Filipino food is bad So many people have said to me. Oh you live in the Philippines Isn't that bad for the isn't the food bad like what's it? People say this about England as well British food has a bad rep around the world So anyway, you go to England and you eat Shepherd's pie All the other British food fishing chips and you pick out the favorites and you realize that it's good exactly the same with Filipino food We got told this I remember someone in Hong Kong. We've said we were on our way to the Philippines And someone said our Filipino food I've heard that's not too good It's like you love the beaches, but the food's not good. Okay. Well, let's go and try it for ourselves So we did and as you guys know, we've made a lot Filipino food videos and just in our day-to-day lives We eat Filipino food a lot and I've cooked a lot of Filipino food. We love it We've got we've got our favorite dishes like five or six dishes that we absolutely love and if we're at Filipino restaurant We will choose those dishes I'll go to so we always try new things you guys in the comments always encourage us to try new things There's been a few things bad. Yeah, there's been a few things that probably aren't to our tastes But it doesn't mean that they're like bad food It's just you have an opinion don't you and you have flavors that you like and flames you don't like that on the whole We love Filipino food. I don't think you can say a whole it's so varied Filipino I don't think you can say that a whole thing is bad. No, they've actually reminded me I think I saw something on Facebook a video and someone said Filipino is that and so many people in the comments were like Going into this guy like you don't even know you've even tried it So we can say that we spend time here. We live here And now we've eaten a lot Filipino food over the last years and we like it. Yes, so that's that's our opinion Number two, the Philippines is not safe. Okay, so obviously you do hear stories in every country where there is safe places and unsafe places the Philippines is not exception There is an area of the Philippines and you can see a news articles and news and stuff where bad things have happened Yeah, and it's not advisable to travel there according to the British government So the way we look at it is that Just don't go there. There are so so many places in the Philippines to see and travel that you just don't have to go to these places that are Recommended to not go to for safety reasons, but I have to say Living here We're in BGC in Metro Manila. Yes, we feel so safe. There are guards everywhere shopping malls apartment buildings like seven eleven Growth resource every single place you go to there's like central guards people are friendly We walk around at night. I would walk around on my own at night probably you as well And we feel like totally totally safe Pickpocketers everywhere in every country in every city. Yeah, so you have to have stories It's not like you don't like go around with all this expensive stuff and like give people an opportunity to steal it So you're careful, but I do that in London. I do my home. I do it everywhere It's not a thing to be narrowed out for the Philippines in our opinion. Yeah, we don't feel like the Philippines is also if we've traveled so much of the country Yeah, of course be cautious if you come here But we've gone in and out of provinces All over different areas and regions cities and we've never I would never say I've been in a situation where I feel Unsafe yeah, all right all right number three number three this is I will admit when I was a young we lad in England growing up My idea of the Philippines was like oh, that's like islands and beaches right that's palm trees and coconut trees and Um white sand white sand and the clearest blue water I'd send like probably like two photos of the Philippines in my whole life I don't think I'd even send that so I think a misconception that foreigners have is that the Philippines is just Islands and just beaches and that is all it kind of is but they could not be more wrong Honestly apart from like snowy mountains. There's not a landscape that I That they don't have it. Let me let me prove this to Lucy. What is your favorite place in the Philippines? I have two that are on my mind right now the Tanners Okay, which is like Jurassic Park Jurassic Park like if it was like Newsy I'm never in New Zealand, but it looks like Newsyland or like um Scotland the Highlands Um, I also love Sigarda. What is that that is that is right that is where I was getting to so so let's put picture of Sigard in here quickly like It is insane. It you feel like you're in it's not just Sigarda is actually just like the mountain province Yeah, the mountains yeah the roads the driving the trees the slightly colder weather Incredible take baguio for example. Yeah, yeah, like there are so many all the major cities bgc the modern city Yeah, people find him an alert and then fly to the beach That's like the thing to do here, but people don't drive out of Manila and explore Luson as an island enough in my opinion. Yeah, we usually recommend driving to the Philippines And people also that's probably on this list like driving in the Philippines are scaring. Is it on the list? I don't think I put that one actually. I think a lot of people think driving in the Philippines is No, risky and dangerous and scary, but for us it's the best way to travel. Yeah, you've got your own car You can you've got your freedom You can there's so many long drives you can drive for eight hours and see so much You drive for your little villages and the kids like wave and they're the cutest kids ever And we have so many nice memories. I think my favorite memories here have been on road trips Another misconception is people are not being able to speak to Garloge and coming here and thinking that they can't get around So for example, we went to like Vietnam, Thailand They have a lot of tourists there so they can speak small parts of English to kind of get around But it was definitely more difficult when we came to the Philippines You can have conversations with people because everyone learns English school Meaning that you're good like we try and pick up things We've learned what a lot of phrases and slang and little I mean, I've got a funny story once someone walked past George Those are group of people at Waterfall Lagoon are walking past George and they said Pogi And if we when we first came we didn't know what that means But we knew what it meant. So George went, ah, salam al-amat for and they like really lost and they were like oh I didn't know I didn't know who to understand that because they thought we would be able to speak the language It's so funny Everywhere we've gone we've traveled to some really remote places The English like can vary in levels of like how good it is and how bad it is But we've never had a problem with communication and especially like in here in the city here like English is spoken very very widely restaurants bars coffee shops whatever it is. What we need to do supermarket Yes asking guards asking for directions The next thing is how big it is not by Size of it as in like on a map. What we're talking about? How many islands there are? Oh the Tomat Philippines Poof The Philippines is huge and it's got I was I think 7,100 islands I don't know the specific number I feel like it changes depending on the types Yeah, and made up of so many places I didn't know I think there's 81 provinces Which you'd think there's 81 islands, but no there's a lot of island when you think about the Philippines from back in England For me anyway, I thought it'd be like I don't know. What can I compare it to like the Canary Islands like a few islands Right, okay, yeah I'm sort of islands like when I was growing up that's what the Philippines was in my mind, but imagine that like 7,000 islands it's vast and it's so very as we said before it's super very and each has their own story as well Yeah, don't underestimate it if you're someone who hasn't been and when travel opens up again you want to come Definitely come but try and plan a long time so you experience a lot of places In each 7,000 weeks to get around The next item is kind of on the same topic of traveling I mean, this is kind of strange for this video in the pandemic because Be watching probably a bit coming for a while if you're not from the Philippines or you're planning on coming here And that's why you're watching this video. Well, we get a lot of messages saying that I've never been but because of your videos And I've been watching you guys there. I want to visit the Philippines. Yeah, I guess this video is kind of helpful for those people Yeah, the fact that the Philippines is difficult to travel And it's complex and confusing getting from A to B I remember when I said my old job actually I shouldn't have been doing this. I was meant to be working But I was googling how like where we were going to go in the Philippines Because it was on our list of travel places and I'd already planned like Thailand to Vietnam and Cambodia And this was up next on the list. Yeah, and I was googling it and I remember it was like Palawan and then it was put to Princess El Nido and it was Quran and I was looking at them for places I didn't firstly realize that all three of those are in Palawan. I thought Palawan was a place Yeah, yeah, it wasn't very clear and I was really sprung post watching these YouTube videos And I was like what like how do you get around like it's like take a bus Go to this place at this time and ask for a ticket and get a bus here Yeah, and then the same day take a flight back to the And it's like how am I gonna get around all these islands? I wonder if it's it. I don't know how I'm gonna do it Once you start doing it. It's really not. Yeah, it sounds complicated But they really are some of the people to help you there are little ticket offices get bus ticket get plane ticket whatever Yeah book online book Hotel there's Airbnb's all over the country hotels all over the country and you can be super flexible You can look very last minute and it's just in the city there's grab which is like Uber and um, I feel like I'm telling this to people who haven't been here. Yeah, because if you're it's basically We're saying it's not hard to travel so that's a misconception people have that is not true We wouldn't have done it for a pretty much a year nonstop if it was that Another misconception I found is that people think that the Philippines is kind of mainly and Farming and culture and that's there's a lot of that problem. Yeah, we're all that happens a lot everywhere All over the Philippines is a huge amount of farming done here Uh when you take a drive out you constantly see like rice fields and people Drined the rest out on the road and there's so many places and where farming is people's livelihood But people also don't realize that there's like huge cities like Davao is the biggest city Metro Manila's huge and there's so much going on here. There's And you know, Ilo there's taboo there's so many places that have got big cities and on top of that like Infrastructure and all these new developments and projects as new airport being built the real way going up the whole Yeah, the service industry we have here with um Delivery for example, we got this couch delivered the day after we bought it in England I feel like it would be like a few weeks. There's things that are more advanced and better than Away from in the UK more um, what's the word? Convenient yeah convenient and forward thinking there are certain things there are certain things are aren't But there are certain things that are like we can pay all our bills on an app. You can top up our tolls on an app Yeah, for the toll roads We're cashless here now for tolls. Yeah, there's a lot of like forward things that a lot of people Yeah, don't realize you get both you get like the rural and you get the futuristic stuff Oh, last one already last one, I know I said it's gone quick. We've actually been filming for quite a long time Manila, I've got to just written in a manila is somewhere you shouldn't say this is so it we said yes on a Q&A You said this in a vlog recently. Yeah, we asked each other one thing if you could tell the world one thing about the Philippines Because you've spent time there and you want to tell the world about it because we do because we love this place We want we want people to visit. Yeah one thing. I said don't underestimate it because of the reasons that we just said You said kind of the same thing. Yeah, you said um Don't cross Manila off your list So there's obviously if you're in the Philippines or you're going to Philippines and you want to have a two-week vacation on the beach Manila is not the place for you. Of course, but if you have time to spend two or three nights here There is so much here to do and see even just sitting and having breakfast out on bdc High Street on one of the tables in the middle of my own the blue skies and the beautiful high-rise buildings Having a look around the shopping malls go past and just seeing how they live their life just next level I mean, maybe it's just for us because we've come from like a small town in England without any really high-rise building It's cool for us even just seeing these huge buildings bgc. We've got a great view here and that's like every time I see I'm like oh my god, I didn't think we'd ever live somewhere that has high-rises If you live in London, you're very much used to it, but for us we are not So coming here and walking outside of the apartment and being like wow, this is really cool Like the restaurants here everything and even like things like intramurus is really cool Like result partners so many places all around and there's so like the biggest shopping malls right here Yeah, the whole Manila Bay Pable City there's Yeah, like you say each shop is closed loads of cool little spots like we found that sorry Sorry store that had been turned into a coffee shop the other day eastward is awesome So many things to like we've been I say stuck here, but it hasn't been a problem We've been stuck here all year because the pandemic, but we've had so much to do and see when we could start going out a little bit again Never run out of things to do here even places close by like anti-polot Resort and start like you can drive an hour early in the morning and be up in a mountain and have an insane view Yeah, so don't undress your manila because manila is awesome, and it's one of my favorite places there And why else would we be living here like we live here for a reason We love it. So if you are new to the channel, please consider subscribing check out some other other vlogs We hope if you're someone who wants to visit the Philippines in the future this video is helpful And do let us know comment below do you agree? Do you agree? Anything? Said you disagree with anything if you're a foreigner. Did you think what we thought? Yeah, and if you're a Filipino did we get it right? Yeah, and do you have any foreign friends that say the same thing or let have you heard any Similar stories last night anyone to add to the list But with just thought it's interesting to throw this discussion out today might be helpful some people And we enjoy talking about the Philippines as you guys know So we will see you very soon in the next video. Please subscribe for new give it a thumbs up And we'll see you in the next day juice. All right