 But you're Friday. Diffreshes. Hey, you want a lot of time in cool? You know, we reacted and we review a lot of Filipino artists. Like KZTanigan, Berrin Spanto, Bamboo, Izzy Mil. And a lot more, right? Yes. Now you may be wondering, where is this going? We're going to open for them. Performing wise. At the 1MX London Festival, you can get your tickets. That fucking mind-blowing. But I want to sell these tickets like Hot Lechon. Okay? I'm being honest here. So it's unbelievable that people like us that we just reviewing and rekindling our sort of music stuff and then all of a sudden we're back in performing at a big festival and thanks to you. Thanks to you. So, for that reason, Baleska said we must check more TikToks that you guys keep tagging us on. And she said the concept is heavily harmonized. Yeah. That's brilliant. You see the kids in the mirror? Do you see the kids in the mirror? Yeah, look, go back, go back. What? Yeah, look, go back. Go back. Now look at the mirror. What mirror? In the back. In the back. You see that mirror? It looks like a blue thing. That's a window. No, no, no. Is it a window? Even better. The kid was like, huh? And they left. They'll go out to find out what this is. I don't think that's a window. I think that's a mirror. That's a window, senior. Really? Yeah. What is that? What is that? I don't think that's a window. I think that's a mirror. That's a window, senior. Really? Yeah. What is that? Something that always better spread from the rest. The dance is dead. What was wrong with what? What was wrong with what? Bye bye. What song is that? I don't know. Because I feel like I know it. You know what? I think the last person I heard the song, I don't know, way in my head, it would be like, I don't know why that's the thing that comes into my mind. I know. But I use to mean paradise. Probably. Correct. I don't know why people, it's just the thing, right? People look like they're like to record lots of TikToks in their car. Or maybe they just, they maybe they don't want to do in public. No. Because you shouldn't do TikToks in public. I have a fucking thing about that. I saw this kid the other day in the bus stop. And this little girl, like maybe 12 years old, you know, no right to have a cell phone. She goes, put the down in the thing and starts doing her thing. The Charlie that makes you a thing. And I'm like, wow, what happened to the sense of shame? What? What? What? I would have just to be stuck to your side. Oh, you know with anybody else, anybody else. Go, go. I'll give you a piece of me. Oh, also his voice is super nice. Oh. Oh. Oh, that's nice. What happened? I hate roadmins. I got like 3 water pens. I hate roadmins. I got like 3 water pens. That's work. Yeah, just what that's work. Oh, my God, they're good, good. Yeah. Damn. Oh, they're so good. Also, I love the girl in the black dress too. I got to stand up. Hey, and they're doing, they're doing a lot. I'm sorry, but... It doesn't seem rehearsed, dude. I like the girl in the green. I like the girl in the black dress. She's so grounded. I love the girl out here. Because you can do that. Oh, fuck. And modulation. Oh. Damn. Yeah, that girl in green is good. I think the whole four of them in their own song. She's also present. What? Oh, my goodness. This is mad. Oh, I love this. Is that mad, regal? I don't know. Oh, I'm getting up. I'm going to be in the car. I know. I'm going to be in the car. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. I want to be in the car. Fuck. I want to be in the car. I want to be in the car. I feel like I need to be out, doesn't it? This is like an esophageal awakening for you. I love this. Oh, look at the pictures. This is what God is calling you sounds like. This is the man told it. Okay, bring it in. You need it. You need it. Okay. I'd like to have them in my house now. Instead of my alarm clock. Okay. I'm going to be in the car. Oh, fuck. I'm going to be in the car. I can see my heart. Well, make it noise. I'm happy for you. I've said this before, but I think that that's like some of the lessons you can learn. from all of this guys is just if you sing for the sake of singing you just improve you know you just get better and better and better because that song is impossible don't get on the coffee run have a way to cross the road I'm gonna kill it now oh ah flawless he walked off like he was in my business yeah yeah look at him lurking in the background waiting for his moment oh that kid knew dude that kid knew that kid was pretending to do maths and it was just I'm gonna hide behind my sisters I'm imagining sisters because it's a siblings yeah yeah and my sisters bloodied TikTok yeah it's funny though I'm gonna become a sensation yeah a vital sensation oh that was pretty cool it's the greatest Broadway that's what I see what song is that they keep saying you know what's the same the same bachidna young kalang du matin so I don't know if that's the name of the song but it says original sound so maybe he made the song no no no the original or on tiktok when he says original sound is when they could be the own sound of the creator like he didn't make the song like the title of the song itself how did he copyright it it's not copyrighted it's not that's not how a copyright situation happens on tiktok that's days that's just not it original song I think they're covering somebody else's song yeah I don't know that I have to ask questions yeah no that's right oh that's a frag question though I agree just original sound rinsy and his thing is rinsy official so that leads me to believe that he's original song logic with the tape but tiktok is in logical it's making videos in the box store isn't it and that fucking note look man there's so many amazing singers out there and this is the only reason why I still so I've enjoyed doing these videos of tiktok because it's amazing to see from all over the world these singers especially the Philippines who've obviously captivated our hearts and it's probably one of our favorite music industries and probably of all time really correct correct seems to be some of the music that we listen to the most also with other industries of course but it seems the music that we play the most is like Filipinoship so I don't know what that says but let us know perhaps if you like do more of these stuff if you like to tag baleska or more videos rails or tiktoks go to abw lsk 15 and they also tickets available the first of October when i'm ex-filippino music festival we'll see you in October yeah i'd love to meet some of you guys so do make the trip goodbye