 Yeah, bro, not just dad is highlighted like the way the media set up the way the news is set up You would not go a day without hearing something bad, you know, I'm saying so they're feeding just like how we was babies And we watched the news about for instance Africa they will feed us the injustice and the unnecessary views of a location So what I was news today, and that's why we don't really watch the news But we got social media so the news still pops up right what they show in us what people are doing to other people and And they're in some sort of fashion they're highlighting it in a way where it's kind of normal Right, and we're like, yo, that is not what it's like bank it's not normal though What's good, y'all it's a dumbass shits react and we're back with another video who we got today see today We're back with another American reaction Super excited about this video guys if you need to We need you to make sure you scroll down hit that subscribe button and turn on the post notification bell because we're on the road to 100k Hey, and we can like it there without you guys right join the family without further ado. Let's get into the video Hey bosses, it's fan formation boss You might already know that the US is the most gun-owned in country in the world But did you know that the Philippines belongs to one of the least Counter-Strictive countries in Asia it's estimated that there are approximately four million firearms in the Philippines Many of which are owned illegally But how common are gun-related crimes in the Philippines and what do Filipinos think about guns Or Asian boss reporter hit the streets of Manila to find out Getting through the public places put in the middle of everyي Why do you think there are so many security guards guards with guns everywhere in the Philippines What do you think of the benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the health benefits of the Like in our neighborhood, we can go a few days without seeing a cop. You know, they're not stationed everywhere. Right. They're not hugging the block. Right. But we have lived neighborhoods where maybe you see a memory few feet. True, true. Let's go. Let's talk about it. What do you think about the school that we protected? No. Because I think that every city can be safe. You know, you can't go anywhere. There's a sense of security, especially in areas where there's a lot of crime going on in the Philippines. There's areas that we actually have presence of police officers. The visibility itself is required there so that no criminal elements will attempt to do bad things. The bad things in the area. I think I'm a cop. But I think that security guards are more important because they're not allowed to go anywhere. They're not allowed to go anywhere. So they're also allowed to go anywhere. You know, they're not allowed to go anywhere. They're not allowed to go anywhere. I'm sorry. Because they're not allowed to go anywhere. Why would you tell that? Why would you say that? It was a simple yes or no question. I would. Okay, so like with officers, you think when you see one, you know, the root of them is to protect and serve and give justice to the community and things are going on. And another thing is so they can show the level of it. I think this is another thing. To show the level of intimidation to criminals who may feel like they can come around these parks at night on the mornings or mid-day. To do something that doesn't need to be done to hurt, still, or you know, do something that don't need to be done. But at the end of the day, again, like the youth that said, and I'm looking at them as you've, you know, I'm saying, uh, already young men, they're saying that they don't feel comfortable when they see officers with guns. Simply because, again, not just for the criminals, but just for society to stay in order. It's also a level of intimidation. And some of them are hiding it, and especially like here, when you deal with someone who may not like your kind, you know, that's scary situation. Like if I choke in front of you or something, would you help me or would you just watch me choke? How long would it take for you to hit the radio? Yeah. Hello. You're not just doing what you're doing. You're not doing what you're doing, but you're responsible for what you're doing. No, no, no, no, no. You're not doing what you're doing. It's a lot of friends who are businessmen. Mostly because, as most of the time, the criminals, the target is, most likely to be a target of businessmen. Of course, if you're a resource, you can just do what you want. So prevention, or, you can deterrent, is number one, gun. What's your name? I don't have a name. I don't have a name. I don't have a name for the criminals. That's right. And, you know, you have a time for the criminals, because you're doing what you're doing. I do own guns. I sell fire arms. I have a gun. I have a gun. You actually got to have one of the own, the gun. Hey. I would nice, but for the same old, bro. I would think so. I would think so, 100%. Look at the background, if you haven't noticed. Yeah, now I feel like those type of guns don't need to be out and about. I mean, I do understand hunters. Yeah, there's not a hunting gun, though. That's not hunting it. There's not. That's artillery. What they needed for. Those carry many magazines. But what do, what do our average person need that for? Extra-appression. They don't. They don't. I don't even think an average person would have one. Ain't it illegal to carry one? Yeah. It's supposed to be illegal to have one like that. I'm not business, y'all. Since I was a young boy, because my father was serving the military. And the reason why I'm doing this is because we have training for tactical. You can play games in the law enforcement or security guards. That is why we miss more. So, you said guns like that. You didn't say those are used for hunting purposes. But I'm just thinking a lot. Like, if there was a gun hunting with an AR, bro, they'll bleed right there. They're food. Yeah. It wouldn't be no more like the animal would even be standing. At all. There would be pieces everywhere. Hunters usually take like one shot. That's since I'm many. I don't know what type of plan it was. They trained me. They just needed to get a good shot at the camp. And, there were times when I was a person of security. For the people who were in the camp, I was safe because I was a man. I was a man. I was a man. I was a man. I was a man. So... I was a man. A man. I was a man. Because if you're a man, you can't stay there. You can't do anything. You can't do anything. And you can't control yourself. You can't do anything. You can't do anything. You can't just leave the camp in the Philippines. So, I think... You can't leave me alone. You can't leave me alone. Because you can't leave me alone. You can't leave me alone. So, you're a man. You can't leave me alone. That's why you're a man. I don't know. I can't leave you alone. What do you think? You can leave me alone. You can. You can. Connection. Actually, you're not alone. Okay. Because you'll only need to pay for the L-tap. And then if you're going to pay for your L-tap, you'll also need to pay for PTC. You'll be in Euro, examinations, if you're in a psychological situation, if you're going to lose your L-tap. Do we freeze that right there? Do we freeze that all the time? That's it right there. The title of this video is Why the Philippines has a lot of guns? but few mass shootings. That was the answer. That was the answer. That's heavy. That's heavy. The one-year-old legal age, they have to be a Filipino citizen and they have to be attacked spayers. So you also have to go through drug tests. You have to go through a gun safety seminar. Who use money by guns at your shop? What types of people are your customers? I would say about 70% of the market here are actually law enforcement or government-related individuals. There are some that are collectors. Then there's also sports shooter. So the Filipinos have been very competitive in terms of sports shooting. So you said that you have 4 million barrels of Filipinas. This is just a small amount of money. Why do you think that you have to be a Filipino? I'm sure that you are a good person. I'm sure that you are a good person. But for me, I'm a good person. For me, if you have a gun, you have to be a good person. You are a good person. There's a power over the money. There's a lot of money in the Filipinos. They have to be a Filipino. They have to be very good. They have to be very good. They have to be very good. They have to be good. They have to be very good. If you are a good person, you have to be good. You have to be good. It's usually used for self-defense. When you say self-defense, you can just shoot the talker and then run back. You don't have to... That's one of the things that we teach here. If there's... Yes, and self-defense is the one reason. Many have guns. Yeah. Unfortunately, here in the US, we have people who should not have it. No. Should not have it, we need... I don't want to get into the politics of... Self-defense. I agree with that. It's a problem. Don't engage. If you can go away peacefully, go for that. We also heard that there are many guns... ...helt illegally by Filipinos. How do they get those guns? It's really mostly criminals who are desperate... ...who cannot get legal firearms... ...that are actually... ...involved or know around these areas. But for us, we really don't know much. This is the year of 2022. There are some people who are suffering from the case... ...who are suffering from the death of the child. They are suffering from the United States. This is what America is. And we are not in the Philippines. Because of that, ...the case of the three of us who are suffering from the death of America... ...the most shooting of the time. Because I was in the past, ...I was not able to see the gun. There are some cases of the violence. Because we have more than a million of Americans in America. Because I was happy to see... ...I was happy to see the population in America. There are many people. They are like... ...the people of Mariela and Mariela... ...the people of Mariela and the other of the other countries. Regardless of the number of people... ...there are no more people. There are more people in the country. In the Philippines, ...the number of people of Mariela and the other countries... ...but because we are in the middle of the case of Mariela... ...the three of us who are suffering from the death of America. But we are not in the country. There are many people. Because we are not in the middle of the case. There are no more people in the country. There are many people. There are many people. We are not in the middle of the case. We are not in the middle of the case. The people of Mariela and Mariela... ...are suffering from the death of America. Yes, bro. That is how the media set up. The news set up. You would not go a day without hearing something bad. I am saying so. They are feeding just like how we was babies. We watched the news about, for instance, Africa. They will feed us the injustice and the unnecessary views of a location. So, without news today. That is why we don't really watch the news. But we have social media. So, the news still pops up. What they show in us, what people are doing to other people. And in some sort of fashion, they are highlighting it in a way where it is kind of normal. And we are like, that is not what is like back. That is not normal. In the security of the people. The people of the people, the public, that is why we don't have any people. If we are able to remember the security of the people in the country. In our establishments, we have the scan, the bag, or the data, or the other, or else in the LRT stations. The security, the machines, the other, or the other, is the same. It has to do with mental health. I think, and Philippine knows in a sense, are very mentally tough. Why? Because we grew up in an environment that you have to work every day just to survive. There is no government coupons to support us. There is not much money going around between other people. And we really have to work for what we have. So, yeah, I don't think there is really a massive thing here. Maybe syndicated crimes, but that's another story. There are many cases of crime that are being committed to our banxak. Oh, there are many. There are many cases of violence in the people of the country. Usually, it is related to drugs, syndicates, and so on. There are many cases. It's because of the violence. It's because of the violence. I think it's because of the violence. The violence is very serious. So, what is the problem? What is the problem? I am a mother, my family, my parents. I was born in the past five years. I was born in the past five years. I was born in the past five years. That's crazy. On your family, revenge on your family. Just pass somebody. Yeah. It's all bad. I don't know. This conversation is another conversation by itself. It's literally a conversation by itself. Yeah, but it's nice to see with people in other countries filibond it. Yeah, that's true. Like the older man with the mask, he's like, we don't even go to compare ourselves with another state. Because they respect human life. I love everybody's point of view. I've got it. I do. Everybody's point of view. Yeah. Yeah. Dylan, how do you feel about your parents? This happens in the poorest places where people actually have no choice but to look for any kind of work in order to survive. So sometimes, you know, they do illegal things, not just guns. I think anywhere else when there's extreme poverty, poverty and no opportunity to grow. Find a more, you know, protect us. Let me say this. We're from the rougher neighborhoods and now, thank God, we're in a better place in life. But I can say this, when I lived in the hood, I didn't fear mass shootings. Never. Like I do now in the suburbs. That's scary. I did not fear that. Now, I know that there were shootouts, but it wasn't too people. It was too derives. You know, and I'm not saying that that is okay. It's none of it is okay. But I'm just saying I just didn't fear it. People wasn't pulling up to, every doorstep. You know what I'm saying? It was like between A and B. Right. You know what I'm saying? I was with us. And I'm saying, I've never had to wake up in the morning and have to fear. You know what I'm saying? Those type of incidents other than knowing if someone had a beef going on, I was still away from it. Because there's their issue. There's their eating discussion they're going to have it someday. And I don't want to be in a mess of anything. You know, there was taught us never being in a line of fire. Right. So, you know, you guys stay away from some of these. But when you're in public and you have these locations where people look like they're living their best life, they have no worries and a random act just happening. You got screaming at everybody running. It's like, no. Where can you go at this point? I'm speaking up here. I'm speaking up here. I'm speaking up here. I'm like, it's happening at church. It's happening at the movie theater. It's happening at the bar. Stores? Yeah. Everywhere. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But they do say their security. And I don't think there's most of valence with them. I think it's actual seeing people with security. You know what I'm saying? It's like, they say that the security is there. They're monitoring. They're standing there. Posted. It's not to me. It's not to me. It's not to me. People in their vehicles. They're actually in the street. So you're going to see me on top of the energy, you know what I'm saying? Right. I'm going to make a difference. Big facts. The thing is, it's not the same thing as the case. I'm saying that I'm going to be able to post a post-establishment. It's my proper security. It's my CCTV, my guards, my police officers. They're just police officers. Or if they're just police officers, because I'm in a very bad place. Or even if they're still staying, I don't think they're going to be able to get a lot of money if they're going to crowd that place for public places. Or if they're going to be able to get a lot of safety. Why do you think that's true? What do you think is the reason why you're going to be able to get a lot of money? I mean, I think that the weapons that you're going to get after is what you're going to get. You can also target and you can also get a lot of stuff from the crowd. The word I'm going to get is the word I'm going to get. If there's a situation, then what can I get? We're not going to be able to control our people. We're going to protect our people. We're going to be able to get a lot of money. We're not going to be able to control our people. We're going to be able to control our people. The people who fight against Janice. They don't have to know. They don't have to know. They don't have to know. I appreciate his response, but my income is very bad people. Right. If there's bad people who have those things and they come to attack you, Okay, I'm diligent. I see him I see him I I'm fighting but they but they but that's who a fist fight, you know, so you gotta put the Weapons on and pick up your hands and learn arts and days that I nature to defend yourself and protect your family right right and I understand it I'm just saying like The bullet gonna go through my hand You know, I'm serious like it's either taking all the way or Chased I could go in but they give us money. They also provide the support and support for Etiana and the government always comes information and we make sure that ouryour funds areshore that OUC people are willing to give us the support from the government to support them. This is our part of the support and support. We need to use it as a foundation. Man, listen, we got people that mistaken a comes for guns. We got people who mistaken your masculinity as a threat. We got people who mistaken your intelligence. You know what I'm saying? As something like you trying to make them feel like they're lower. We got real weak mental people in this state. Not out of state state, but in general, like weak mind and soul in life, real talk. And there's like nowhere around that type of stuff because all this stuff happens since it's an infant, like some child. But I do agree that people need to have those mindsets, like they need to check them mindsets, go through some courses to make sure they are eligible to carry, eligible to treat certain situations, eligible to be in certain environments. I heard one lady said that she understands why certain people act with the act because she can handle that personality. Some people can't handle personality. So they instantly think that what they're doing is a big issue when it's kind of, like it's a big conflict that's just waiting to happen. In general, you just not built for that type of environment. Need get out. Like we can learn a lot from them, you know? We shouldn't have to live in fear like this, you know, it's crazy. I feel like we need to first of all, put in place the mental screenings and not just that have it every so often, we have to go take the whole thing over or just some part of it over. And I know some people may not like that, but I feel like in order to find the threat, find the weakness of the people who legally have these guns, that's how we read out the bad. Yeah, and I also think that we shouldn't have to live in such a cautious environment. Like why we have to walk on edge shells in life, just to go be a part of an event, be a part of anything like go to the mall, go to the Walmart, go to the church, like anything we shouldn't have to walk on edge shells about this stuff and be prepared to do the worst if there's something that happens. Yeah, I agree. This is a very, very touchy topic, especially here in the United States. So let's keep it positive. If you're not coming to share your constructive, positive thoughts on how things can be better. Right, we're building, we're not tearing down. We're building. People gotta understand that. People come in the comments section and they're quick to tear, tear, tear, tear, tear, tear, and you're left with nothing but your opinion. And don't want to really want to hear that at that point or more because you're not at none. You add no value to it. So if you're coming over to add value to help build and to a point of the people, this is your platform and we'll allow to hear your opinion. Right, so yes. We hope you guys enjoyed this video with us. Like this video, subscribe, turn on the post notification bell, we have your neighbor, our super thanks. If you like to put a channel that way. As well as our reaction request form is in our description box below. We'll see you soon. Peace.