 The Philippines. Do they speak Spanish? Yeah, I think so. I think they speak only Spanish. Not English, not a Tagalog, nothing. Yeah, I mean when I was here in the SB19 song the other day I heard like a Spanish word in there. So I just assume they only speak Spanish. Just like, come up there, yam, mas, comeo, it's nice. Just like that. Sounds like a great song. That would be a good one, it's your name! How are you? We could make a Spanish song. I think that's what's next for us as a Spanish. We're going to change this and do a Spanish song channel. We're going to wing some Latin music Grammys. I know, our Latin viewers are going for it. But we have done a lot of language videos on here about the Philippines. So we're doing this one, do Filipinos speak Spanish? Yes, we've done, can they speak English? We've done, can they speak Filipino? But can they speak Spanish? Let's see, debunking it. She's going to tell us, I'm assuming she is a Filipino woman. She's going to debunk some myths for us here. Hopefully you guys enjoy. If you notice we're in a new space. It's not the normal room. We're in Georgia, the country. We're so much closer to the Philippines than before. Yeah, we're halfway there from where we were. Yeah, we're almost there. We're just like inching a little bit closer and closer. And then COVID gets worse and then they're like, no, you can't come. And then we're like, oh, okay. I guess we'll stay here. We'll just be here. Alright, anyways, let's do this right here right now. Hopefully you enjoy. If you do subscribe, like the video. Let us know more videos. We should check out down in the comments below. We need some more suggestions. Put them down there. Up for the ones you want to see. And let's do this. Okay, what are the myths going to be? Here we go. Oh, man. Does she go sandboarding? No, no. I don't know. Do you want to go to the airport? I don't know. I don't want to go to a coffee. No, it's very late. The Philippines. The Philippines. The Philippines was a former Spanish colony, right? So how come we don't speak Spanish? Or do we? Prior to colonization, the area known as the Philippines was a group of islands connected by water. Independent, advanced, socially complex, and ethno-linguistically distinct communities ruled by respective tribal leaders. Most of the time, peacefully coexisted with each other. Trade with neighboring nations to the north, like China, Japan, and Taiwan, and to the south, like Malaysia and Indonesia, was commonplace. When Fernando de Magayanis arrived in 1521, was commonplace. Is that his Spanish name? No, just Dan Mochelin. Put Danana, Magadon, whatever. The Magayanis arrived in 1529. He united all islands into one region on the Spanish island. We're saying very much. I'm already in the end of Mochelin. Yes. After Philip II of Spain. From then on, the Philippines came under Spain's control and spear of influence. Slowly but surely for the next 333 years. The archipelago used to be Spain's primary foot hold in Asia. Due to the Philippines' unique geographical location, not only did it become an important base for the empire's stake in the profitable spice trade. It was also a strategic location for conducting commerce from the Americas to the Far East. What else? Surprise, surprise. Most towns and cities also have Hispanic names. You've got the obvious ones. Towns being named after places within peninsula, Spain, and towns being named after Spain. It's a fail, that's it. Well. Anyone here from Nova Vizcaya, Nueva Ishija, Pamphillon and Negro, Shkordo Vasiú. I bet you've at least been once to place names, Santa Cruz, San Pablo or San Nicolas. Another thing worth mentioning is that having a Hispanic last name or a Hispanic sounding last name is a norm. I can bet you that the top 20 Filipino last names are all Hispanic and origin. I can tell you. We can eat food. Well, this is a lot of Filipino last names. You know, there's all expanished to me. He said, for an egg, there's an egg. We go, we, we, we. A Spanish person would be like, Come on, stop. We, we, we. That's just the Spanish version of, we. We, we, we, we, are the Australian. Well, Hispanic and origin. I can tell you how many groups of Santa Cruz is. Marquistas, garatillas, mendochas, maugistas. But I know. I know from the full of peens, leave a comment below on what do you think is the most common surname or intergalom apellido. Pero en Spanish lo hicimos apellido. You want to know the most common surname in America? Smith. It's a, um, Mr. Smith. My name's John Smith. Yeah, that's what is basic as you can get. Yeah. John Smith or like a Jacob Smith. Yeah, pretty much. Smith. To streamline government processes like census and tax collection and to further strengthen their rule, Spanish colonizers enacted a law making it mandatory for everyone to adopt a surname. There was literally a catalog where people can choose Spanish or local surnames from. Most of the indigenous lowland population and some Chinese immigrants as well, chose to change their last names to Hispanic last names, probably believing that this change might benefit them. Food. Oh, yes. You've got afritada, calderetta, minudo, mchado, longaniza, picadillo, arorcaldo, tocino, tocino, tocino, tocino. Adolvo. Adolvo, I got that one. There are roughly around 4000 Spanish loan words in Tagalog, the most spoken dialect in the country. And roughly around 6000 in Bicaya. Another widely spoken dialect. Lots of words are spelled differently or bass their dice and lots of phrases are used in a different context. These two dialects in particular because the region's more... Yes, we learned that even with the English, we learned that on the old's playing a video, we learned that some of the words can be even if they're the same word used differently. Yes, definitely. There's a lot of slaining that is thrown around in different... That happens with the Spanish, do you? Yeah, it's perfect. Everyone's got their own thing. They got their own slain, their own thing. I was going to say, you have to use your napkin. And then punch me in the face. Yeah. Sometimes, if you were seeing, they put the napkins up your nose because it stops bleeding, it absorbs it. So you've got to do... You're talking about American napkin, right? Yeah! Where it's most widely spoken were centers of Spanish governance, which are Manila Ensebu. That's the thing. The thing is... Atama. Gracias. Almost everyone in the Philippines knows how to count in Spanish up to 100. And they don't even know it. So, for example, we also have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. The way we say the time in the Philippines is also the same. For example, we do an example, we do it at one, at one, at one, at three. That's an example of French in the Philippines. And now it's not. At one, atama. Days of the week and months are also the same. We also do it in February, March, but the letters are different. For example, we write with S in March, on S. Lots of words related to kitchenware or cooking are also similar. For example, we say the government has to eat with the meat, with the meat, meat, the meat, the whole of the plants. And so are things in relation to law and governance. And then there's Chavacano, a Spanish-based Crioli language widely spoken in the San Juangar region. In hopes of further uniting the archipelago under Christianity and under their sphere of influence, the Spaniards established Samuanga as a foothold and a predominantly Muslim South. A means to communicate was needed between the locals and the Spaniards. In many cases some Spaniards will learn the local language to gain trust and establish a connection with the local population. In this case a grammatically simplified form of a language used for communication between two people not sharing common language was established. This is what you call a begin which then eventually turned into Chavakano. Although Spaniards may differ it is very similar that a person speaking Chavakano can sufficiently and aptly converse to a Spanish speaking person. What is that? What do you mean? During Spain's 333. Can you explain to me what this is? What's wrong? A year long rule. Spanish was of course a widely spoken language. It was even officially considered a national language alongside English and Tagalog until it officially wasn't in 1987. After 300 years of rule you think Spanish would be widely spoken across the country today like it is in most Latin American countries but no. For almost a century now English has been the country's lingua franca. What happened? First of all the majority of the indigenous population of the Philippines remained intact. Unlike in Latin America where the indigenous population was wiped out not only by the colonizers but also by imported diseases. Furthermore because of the Philippines relative distance and isolation from the rest of the Spanish colonies not a lot of Spanish people immigrated to the archipelago. Next in terms of literacy and education during the Spanish colonial period as it is today it is a privileged only reserve for those in the upper class of the Philippine society. Meaning Spanish born immigrants also known as Spanish-Sularis. Philippine born Spanish people also known as Isolaris and half-Filippino half-Spanish people also known as Mesticios. Basically a minority of the population. In the greater part of colonial rule the majority of the population didn't have access to education. Despite developing a public school system to the latter part of colonial rule the masses still were not able to adequately express themselves in Spanish. And we're still more comfortable in their native tongue. To add to that throughout all the years of colonial rule every day transactions of the masses were conducted in the native language. This is an interesting language. Some of the countries were just smoking a pie. She didn't play this though whenever you see it like in old cartoons or they're smoking a pie like that. So that's it. And then... Yeah. Big picture. There really was no true social and cultural and linguistic assimilation that happened in the Philippines. Towards the end of the Spanish colonial rule a strong sense of nationalism also emerged in the Philippines mainly propagated by the Filipino Spanish society. The Filipino Spanish speaking mostly European educated class aka Ilostrados. The Filipino is long to distinguish themselves from their colonizers. So when did the transition to English begin? Well to begin with Spain seated the Philippines, Guam and Puerto Rico to the United States in 1898 under the Treaty of Paris. This means American dominance in the archipelago henceforth. The Americans also set out to establish a Philippine public school system in a system of governance mirrored after the American systems. All of course, anchored in English. The masses now have access to learn a language more than their native time. The rest is history as they say. At the early stages of American colonization, Filipino's eight-up American headgemonie and they still do. The American dream is still strong amongst Filipinos. Just look at the Filipino diaspora across 50 American states. In the Philippines, American pop culture still reign supreme. Consumer behavior is still mostly dictated by what's trendy in the United States. If you have any other ideas as to why Filipinos don't speak Spanish, please share your insights in the comment box below and share your thoughts. It's kind of a pen-an. Because what if we spoke Spanish? What would be our life and economy right now? That would be interesting if they didn't know. Thanks for watching this video. I just wanted to learn Spanish in the school. I just pushed myself to be in a Spanish-speaking environment and mostly just put myself in places where no one speaks English. I'm going to have a video about how to effectively learn Spanish without taking classes or paying for courses. So keep it here and thank you so much for always supporting me. Interesting. You have a great week too. Yeah! But I wonder if they would have went with Spanish instead if it would be more like a Latin American country. Yeah, they would have closer relations probably to more of Latin America. I mean, they already have pretty close ties, but they would have even closer ties to Latin America, but they probably have less ties with other English-speaking countries then. We know how English-slash-a-may-like, English-speaking country colonization works. They pull in and they're like, you're doing it our way now. They're like, no, she said that the American came in and created a government for them modeled after the American government system. The Spaniards came in and they're like, adopt a Spanish surname. Europeans, that's how it is. The pasty boys like us, our ancestors were very forceful. Forceful, yes, and demanding. We're pretty cool though. Yeah, we're not like that. Look at us. We're in Georgia. We're just here to learn about more about the cultures. It's cool to see how Filipino today. I mean, obviously, it wouldn't be the way it is today if it wasn't for the Spanish and the whole colonization history of it. Of course, mixed with the cultures that were already there and just Philippines. This is still such a over-simplified version of it. It's 10 minutes and you get to see where the influences come from. But you don't really get to see too much how they develop. That's such an interesting thing too. How everything just matched and how it all developed and that. We got a little bit like a nice overview here, which is really cool. It's really cool. It'd be cool to learn more. It's so interesting that they speak somebody Spanish words, but they don't necessarily speak Spanish. It's really, really cool and really interesting. But let us know. Other videos we need to check out down in the comments below. And we'll see you in the next one. Thanks for watching everybody. See you later. Bye!