 That's in paradise. Keep aside, keep aside. Good morning guys from Orokai Philippines. Possibly hour will definitely my favorite place in the world. This is actually our third time on this island we got the flight from Manila yesterday to about 45 minutes. I'm actually standing in a different area, sort of stayed in before we stand and Dini would beat you in the micro-tail by wind them and look at this. Look at this setting. This is where you come to the Philippines for the beaches. Just look at that. We basically have our own private beach, Dini would beat. We've got four days here. I'm so excited. I'll show you where we are staying a little bit later. But first of all these are breakfast. What a place to have breakfast on the beach. The last one we've pulled off is the reflection of the palm trees. Everything is just so beautiful. It's so nice to be back on the island. Thank you. Welcome. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Oh my god my pangings are so fluffy. Morning coffee, never looked. Mmm. So good. This is a mummer's fish house. They're in house restaurant which apparently as well you can have dinner on the beach right there which we're excited to do tomorrow. A quick breakfast to eggs. Very well with staying on that beach. Have we got a private beach? You cannot go wrong with fluffy pancakes. I'm definitely getting in our pool like look at that. How beautiful is that? But before that look at this. Hello. Welcome to our private beach. We walked about two steps and I noticed the perfect coconut tree. Look at it. It's not like that. I'm not going to be able to climb. There's no way you're getting up it. You reckon? There's no way. It's sort of designed already. The holes are cut out. Welcome back to Boracay. This is about as far as I can go. This is unbelievable. This cove is beautiful. It's so green. I think they're just behind us. They used to be a famous restaurant called Spider House or something like that which went away because of help and safety. You can sort of see the remains of it in the sea just over here. Look at this. Honestly. Unbelievable. Yeah. Again. I think we're going to try. We've seen the few people taking out kayaks around here. We've never actually done kayaks in our anything here. Try and get a kayak. Go out, maybe explore a little bit of the cove. Start off the morning, a little bit of exercise. How much is the clear kayak? A real study? Yeah. 600 pesos for one hour in a crystal kayak in Boracay. I've never seen these here before. The glass ones. This is new and I'm excited for it. Don't tip it. Don't tip it. Thank you. Thank you. We won't go too far. Thank you. And we're off balance. Lots of balance. Lots of balance. The most balance ever. I don't know why you're leading up. Why are you leading the way? Because I am. It's the row up. Okay, that's fine. This is relaxing for me. I'm just going to sit back and let Molly take me around our crystal clear bay in our crystal clear. Look at this. Unreal. It is a little bit rough for sea today. Isn't it? It is a little bit. It's so cool. You can see where they used to be. The restaurant on the edge. And I think around the back there was a hotel on this beach. But I mean. Can't concentrate on that rowing ass. Try not looking through as well. See some of the coral below us. I feel like I was the best of row up. Definitely not. It's nearly got stranded on the rocks. And as soon as I take over, we get away to safety. But I love it. You can see where that old restaurant was. And there's like a little something's got to be here. I'm talking obviously. It came in. It was. That's safe. This is why it's one of our favourite islands. It is so beautiful. And we have this whole beach. Yeah. We've definitely found a little hidden gem here. Or if not the most touristy place in the Philippines. That was such good fun. 600 pesos for one hour in the glass bottle. And the client actually turns out that the resort next to that old restaurant that was abandoned was Manipaki Al's abandoned resort. Which is pretty cool. We are now walking around to the famous white beach of Borokai. And we have this like cool little rocky cove that we have to go around to get to it. And all the locals are jumping off the rocks which I definitely wouldn't be doing. There you go. Thank you. After a 15 minute walk, I definitely need this to calm down. So we came to at the very beginning of station one, two Jonas Fruitshack. We actually went to this one sort of three years ago. But it was right inside. It wasn't on the beach. This is brand new. And they've been going to it's like 1983 and basically it is what it is. It's Fruitshakes. I've got banana vanilla. And they are so good. Definitely what you need when you're sat on the beach to cool down. Literally this really is the life. Mango shake. Hmm. On possibly the best beach. So let's stuck it back in my throat. Best beach in the world. Looking at the brilliantly named like the best rock ever. Well he's rock. I don't know what is wrong with the weather today. This is April Philippines. It's meant to be like sunshine, 40 degree heat. But there are some rain clouds coming between us. So we thought we'd quickly run out. I'm so childish. I laugh every time I say will he's rock money. Really really childish. Basically we've been here before but we've never been on to the rocks. So that is our target to all fall of 10 feet before the rain comes. More of an island. I was about to say I think we've only ever got like this far. Yeah it's definitely an island. Are you ready to go up? I think so. I'm going to call it Alan Peppie. Alan Peppie and Borough. And we've made it to the top of Willie's rock. I think that is a virgin Mary behind us. Amazing views. Look at that all along. White beach but it's pouring with rain. I'm running back in. Cheers. Cheers. It's starting to rain. We have to come and sit in one of these lovely bars and get a San Miguel light. I mean you do come to Boroughkite to be on holiday and that is it. We've come into Los Inbios Bravos which is basically like a bar restaurant. Bravbea bar as well but they didn't really have any Bravbea today. I think there's a few of these for the afternoon to the rain stops. Cheers. And just like that, two beers later the sun is back out that is the tropics. Before you've walked along to station two it's probably the busiest of the three stations on White Beach. Epic behind me the best. The best place for food. It's actually one of our favourites in the island. We're going to try and not go there because we've been there too many times in the past but it's good to see walking along. Not like many lot of the bars, restaurants and bounce back off the pandemic. There's also some new ones that we haven't seen before because it's signed out. Boroughkite. Thank you. We can finally spend some time on the beach. I forgot how busy this place used to be. I'm pleased it is though. I feel like it's got to be one of the world's busiest beaches. It is absolutely crazy. And the weather is just as crazy. I don't know if you can tell but I don't know what to say. I don't know what's happened. The sun's hardly been out. Literally for like five minutes every now and then it's been raining. It's been cloudy. Like it is right now but still on the world's busiest beach and the most beautiful beach. This really is beauty of tropical weather that you get. I would say I like it. You get like three different types of weather in one day and it's still one of the most beautiful beach in the world. I love the fact that it's busy. It shows again that everything is getting back to normal in the Philippines. And I haven't seen a beach this busy. I think since before COVID which is great it's so good to see. And just like that. How can the sky change so quickly? And why do you always get an amazing sunset here in Boracayat? Have you seen how many people there are on the beach? This is so good to see. This is definitely the busiest beach ever. Even when it's cloudy you manage to get a magical sunset on this island. There's something about it that it draws you back. And then either you're going to have to go to. We're going to have to go to. I feel like every year for the rest of our life just... Wow. You can't really see it right now but... It's popping somewhere over there. Hello. Hello. Can you buy a table for two? This is nice exciting wristband that you will get. Ever. Hello. Cheers. So basically this is the best place for food I think in Boracayat. If you want to eat a lot and drink a lot this is the Hanan Palms buffet. It's going up a little bit. I think last time it was like 700 pesos. Now it's just over 1000 pesos if you want drinks included. So we've got basically the three hours. We've never had this long before so it's going to be just plates and plates. Drink from buffet food and drinks and drinks. Basically three drinks now. So we're not really free drinks but all you can drink for three hours. Play number one. How many are we going to feed? They've got eight natural. Eight. Eight one. Sort of. Eight one and two. That is not too bad. I don't think we've got peace. I've got rice. We've got fruit. We've got fancy muffron. We've seaweed. We've got natural. The natural is basically the same rules. I think we're going to have a good night. That's not a good day at this. We have morning guys from the beautiful bar guys. A micro-sell by Wyndham, the buffet last night put us in a food coma. So we got back and we had an amazing sleep. We'd highly recommend the buffet and it is slightly more than that. It is expected but it's worth especially if you spend the three hours there. But look what I am. I'm just kind of chilling right now. I'm honestly so happy that the islands are open when we've got the flight from Inemilia. We only had to show the QR codes which come to the health declaration and our vaccines are typical. It was super smooth and seamless. Made it to terminal four domestic and it is looking nice. It's been completely redone in the process again. Very very quick. So easy to check in. You need your vaccine card. You need your QR code which you get on the Borough Card Tourist website. And you need your passport obviously. Thank you. Hello sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's a bar guys. I believe we're getting in fun. Thank you. That... ...imparadise. We landed in Cassifan. Pick up our luggage. Got our trike to the port which is where you get the ferry from. And everything actually seemed much quicker. So now I have the ferry port in Cassifan. You have the scanning of your QR code for Borough Card. And the ticket in Booby is now inside. We boat ticket and environment. And again, it's pretty quick. From plain to trike to ferry to e-trike. It's good to be back in Borough Card. So super impressed. We have how seamless the journey felt. And as I said, so happy that the islands are open. And hopefully you can all come and visit the Philippines and check out the islands too. But today I'm just going to chill in my pool and relax. I think today's going to be a beach and pool day. Has this woken you up this morning? It definitely has. What a backdrop. But I realised we haven't yet shown you where we're staying. So let me give you a really quick run talk. From the beach run to the beach run pool. How amazing is this? To the beach run room. Not far to walk at all. We have our own sunlangers with our own pool. Welcome to our beach run room here at the Microtel by Windom. Beautiful bed. Imagine looking out in the morning at that view. Unreal TV desk table. So far. Big light. We even have a microwave and kettle in here with super heavy. And our bathroom is a complete mess. I don't know why we're so messy. I'm going to come with you and follow you out. This is my favourite bit. Okay, run too quickly. And then that... It's the view. Unreal. It is so beautiful. I could literally lay by this pool all day. Especially after eating way too much food at the buffet last night. Way too much food. The food coma is still hit me. So for lunch, I'm basically having a smoothie here at our hotel. But just like... Look at this diny-weird beach. It's definitely a hidden gem in Boracaya, call spot to chill out. Just as nice beach. But with much fewer people, you almost have it to yourself. Thank you. Thank you. Cheers. Mango shakes. Look how yellow that is. You really can't beat a mango shake. Look at that. In the Philippines. Freshly made. Freshly baked. And yeah, this is for the day. To put a pool. And buy a beach. Drinking mango shakes. Because we are doing something very exciting. You see, there's nothing we've seen a lot of here. We've never been able to do so. We're doing that. And then we've got a really good dinner. On the beach trunks, and then forward too. Time to go sailing. They now have all e-tripes in Boracaya. Last summer we were here. It was like 50-50. And now every single one is electric. It's really good to see. But we are actually heading to White Beach. To go on a hurrah, which is a traditional Filipino sailing boat. We've seen them going out here all the time on Boracaya at sunset. For the first time. They are iconic. They are iconic. We've never done it before. Tonight we are lucky enough to get the opportunity to go on a traditional Filipino sailing boat for sunset. Beach doesn't seem as busy as yesterday. But don't get me wrong, it's still massively busy. And we have met our guys from the Vietaia Royal. If I'm saying that correctly, company. We are super, super excited. We are just waiting for the sun to drop a little bit. It's quite high at the minute. But look, they've all gathered. Or the Peret. I've never seen this many. Or I don't think we've ever come to the meeting points of the Peret. I don't think we've ever really noticed. But they are definitely like the picture of Boracaya. They're the White Beach and the little sailing boat. Black sailing, black and around. I can't wait to get on one. Ready to sail. Are you ready? This is so cool. And the sun is perfectly starting to sail. I don't know how we're getting on this. How are we getting on? You're getting wet, Molly. I'm already wet. I'm already wet. Thank you. Enjoy. That looks harder than it is. We're off. And we're off. We're basically getting pushed out. And then the wind is just going to take us in whatever direction you see it. And pink colours are starting to push through. Wow. This is incredible. We are leaving it in the shores of Boracaya. You can see it. I think it's only 7 kilometres long. And it picks up some speed, doesn't it? It's so cool. This is quick. I did not expect it to be this quick. This is not even that windy today. I'm literally laying down on this string netting. I don't know if I'm going to go through it. It's a little bit worried, but behind me the sun is probably not the best one ever. It's the night, but just the experience of being on one of these perao is unreal, Molly. Unbelievable. And you're big. Okay. You've a side. Yeah. I'm safe. I'm back down. Can you believe how far our people are? I'm really looking for the ocean. The sailboat. And you can go around Boracaya with me there. Oh, you're so beautiful. The whole way around. That would be incredible. It's 7 kilometres, right? Yeah. Molly, I'll choose you from a distance. Cheers. Cheers. This really is the light. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Limbo. Cheers. How much fun was that I would highly, highly, highly recommend if you do one thing in Boracaya. Do the parallel sunset. Saying it is unbelievable. We'll link the company below that we've done it with. I'd again highly recommend them. It was seamless. It was perfect. Wasn't the best sunset, but the experience made up for it. I think the boat and the sea and the fact that you were just floating. I'm a little bit wet now. My bum got really, really wet. But we are now back at Mummer's Fish House at the Bean Microsoft by Windham. And we are having a dinner front. Dinner. Which is, no, we are having a beachfront dinner which is just so cool. It's very, very romantic. Yeah, not like you, Apple. Not like me at all. Thank you very much. Salam, thank you. Thank you. This looks so, so, so good. So we have the vegetable pile. It's actually one of their specialities. Normally with seafood or chicken. But we want all the fresh vegetables as we are on the island. And it's actually a really popular dish because I don't know if you know this. But the Philippines has an underspanish rule. So there's a lot of Spanish influence. But without talking rubbish, let's try the peala. It looks really good. Hot. Oh, that's really good. Oh my god, so, so good. I don't really normally like peala. Which is really unusual, but this one is very good. I spelt me. Good morning from Boracay Philippines. That food last night, almost fish house, the pile was so, so good. But that was our first two days back on this beautiful island. I feel like the Peral sailing. Definitely a highlight of all my times in the Philippines. I highly, highly recommend if you do one thing on this island. Do the Peral sailing at sunset. It was unbelievable. But the island is thriving. It's back to normal. I'm loving our little hidden gem here in Diniwad. Beach, microtelebot, Windam, amazing hotel. We still have a couple more days to explore and relax. That's what you come here for. To relax in Paradise. It's thriving. It's open. Come here. It's busy. Busy, but beautiful. I'm going to relax on the beach for a little bit. We'll see you in the next one from Boracay.