 In this video we will be reacting to Filipinos who made Pinouille's proud number 4. Yes sir, I have reacted to the three previous installments by Casual Choc. So of course I was going to check out the fourth one because I do believe that he is good at storytelling and I find these videos engaging and entertaining but also informative. So let's check it out. But if you are new to the channel, welcome. My name is Overa, I am a sound engineer, beat maker and content creator on YouTube. I would really appreciate it if you would consider subscribing to the channel and smashing that like button. It is free after all. And of course, make sure to follow me on Instagram at NewsTheGameNews because that is where you can DM your suggestions and without further ado, let's jump right into it. Oh, these videos were about popular Filipinos who made Pinouille's proud, who represent the Philippines proudly outside of the Philippines. And inside of the Philippines as well. So I don't see what this has to do with that but let's see. The Philippines, the Dominican Republic. It's like the opposite of the male-order bride. So a lot of these men get remote jobs. And so they go there and they live in these countries and then they meet these women. And then women in the Western world, definitely the United States, are so pissed off about it. And they're like, you're going to all these countries or these women don't even know how to speak English. They can't even be with you. They're so uneducated. And then the men like film themselves with these women and like show themselves on date and the women are so elegant and they're so well-fledged. Of course. They're like, look at these women. Like they're so respectful and kind and the Western women are, you know, so... I don't for the life of me understand why this is a thing. These are adult mature men going to Asia to date or marry adult Asian women. Okay. The key here, the keyword is adult. They are adults and they can do whatever they want as long as they are respecting each other. And I feel like the respect is there. So what's the problem here? Okay. It's not Asian women's fault if they take care of their men better, better than these American women. I don't get it. They're sitting on their, you know, fresh and fit podcasts, whatever podcasts. Losing their mind over this. New pay attention to the passport rolls like they're getting women from like the DR Columbia or the Philippines, Thailand. Like women can, that can speak very little English. Women that don't have education. Women that, that need that. Wow. Raise the B-Wars. They learn everything. That is nonsense. They speak very little English. Excuse me. Yeah. The first language in the Philippines is Tagalog. So the second is English. Bra, they speak very good English. My goodness. From birth, from their father, from their mother, how to be a wife and how to support your men. Women that need them. It's not even women that need them. It's women that treat them with respect. Exactly. There you go. It's their respect. I live in your country and I speak two languages. The kind of people you hear when you speak one, you're still bad. It's very nice. It's very nice. You don't have to go there. I mean, you're not wrong, but you didn't have to say it. I mean, good Lord. Do you think it is a prerequisite to speak the English language being Miss Universe? No, of course not. You know, a Miss Universe is just someone who communicates her thoughts effectively and is able to connect to people. And just like in music, you don't need to understand the lyrics, but you can feel a feeling from what they do to the whole world. Oh, preach. preach. preach. There you go. See, the storytelling, he is good at storytelling. Good job. Okay, so he's going to touch on Miss Universe this time. Oh, my God. I really do hope that he did not use too many copyrighted music. I mean, yeah, he did put like a disclaimer for copyright, but maybe he was talking about just the videos, you know, the image. But the audio, man, if it's too heavily copyrighted, I may not even be able to post this on my channel. There's an Aliko Sayos. Yeah, but I don't know. Fuck it! My God, who is this girl? Can you actually... I forgot that. Fuck it! What about the model? Nope. Long story. Fuck it! Miss Universe. She was born and raised in Angheliciri, Pampanga to a Filipino mother and an American soldier. I'm a pretty good example of a passport, bro. Nice. As a teenager, Kelsey always wanted to be a model. She was so passionate about it that while studying in high school, she was already auditioning for various modeling games. She is, bro. In this early footage, it clearly showed potential was off the charts. Despite her future being so bright, though, Kelsey never forgot about her education. When she was the earliest 21 years old, she would graduate from a tenetode manila university with a degree in communications. After finishing her studies, she went head first into modeling. She focused on improving her craft and stri- Yeah! ...and the passion of herself for rigorous amounts of training. And I think it paid off. She started appearing in different magazine covers, make-up and clothing brands, and sometimes even work with other people's celebrities like Liza Suburano and Baya Lonson to name a few. And of course, even more commercials. Perfection! Check out the dude in the middle! Hashtag love attraction. The Victoria Secret Fashion Show was no joke. It was home to the most respected models in the entire industry. How old is she? She looks super young, though. I know nothing about this. About the fashion industry, seriously. You're too short. Let's try a smile on that. Okay, you're lingering a little bit too much on that. Good job! That's nice. That's nice. You can't please everyone. Hmmmmmm. Hmmmm. What's that? Well said. And you can't please everyone. I love the outfit shot there. Michael Scott's legend. Damn, is that her? No, that wasn't her, right? That's her. You're a good girl. Do your thing. Do you realize how crazy this is? Kelsey literally walked among world famous models. Just Kendall, Gigi, Adriana, Candice, Baharie, and more. She herself couldn't even believe it happened. She just made history by becoming the first ever Filipina to have walked the Victoria Secret Fashion Show. And she wasn't even done yet because after just a year, she also became the first model from the Philippines to be photographed for sports illustrators annual swimsuit issue. Okay, so she impressed. I mean, look at that face, come on. Hey! She's easy to observe the way she interacts with other people because she still speaks the galop and sometimes even her local language can pump on. Do you think she'll ever try to run for Miss Universe? Oh, byc. She's big. She's big. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, look. Yeah, I think. God damn it. I'm sick of sheeing her face. Sit on the saddle, I'm sick. Bell up back your art over here, contorting her beechers to be all cutesy like gives me the rage to take down the Chinese government from the inside. And she gets so much pain because her videos are like low effort or whatever. People's like, oh, you're so talented. You deserve all this fame. But is that all there is to it? It's belladish of... Listen, I understand both sides seriously and the thing is simple does not mean easy. And even in music because let's face it, that's where my expertise lay. Even in music, simple does not mean easy. And usually simple works better than complex, you know, and difficult. Keep it simple, stupid. That usually works for a reason, okay? And I feel like that's what she did. And it worked. Good for her. And she's freaking hot. Really? She went to the army, right? Wow. Yeah, that's not right. It was like, looks stupid. Girl, I know. I have to clean up real good. Because if I don't, then I stuff that. We get mad at me and be like, oh, you're not even breakfast if you don't get this done. I went to school one time with a swollen hand, on my right hand, and it was like bleeding. And I try to like stop the bleeding before I got to school. When Bella turned 13, Karma would do its work as her stepdad had to plight a fast. Oh, I'm sorry she went through that. Oh, you go. Oh, my God. Yeah, but she was getting... Yeah, but... Yeah, but I feel like even if those videos did, like she didn't put a lot of effort in those videos, she did prove to the world later on that she was more than that by making music and music videos that, you know, also worked really well. I mean, I've reacted to a couple of them and honestly they were super well produced, you know, and very entertaining. So... Oh, my Lord. Oh, my Lord. The thing that her number of followers today is even more than the population of Canada and Australia combined, despite all the criticism, she stayed silent. But not until May 14, 2021, but she decided to silence them. Welcome to Mads Man. There we go. There, her musical career. And what I like about her musical career is that she does not spam, if you will. You know, she's not there out there just making music, just for the sake of making music. I feel like when she has a goal, you know, she has maybe a song in mind or whatever, she will make it. And she will do it well and produce it well and I respect that, you know. Really? Sharing her stories or podcasts and made sure that she also showcased her talent. The same build a bitch. You don't get too big and choose to fur out some big boobs if my eyes are brown or blue. See the line with the sky with the sea. It comes with a blue. Oh, she can definitely hold a note. I wonder how they sleep at night when the cell comes first and the truth comes second. Stop for a minute and smile. Nobody says it was easy. No one ever said it was easy. At this point, I'm not even surprised anymore because you know how it is with Filipino. Exactly. So that's her singing karaoke. This day, Bella Portia is still active and ticked talk on her music career. She released more bangers such as Inferno, Living Hell, Dolls and Recently Crush. What a like about Bella is she's a loud and proud Filipino. She speaks three different Filipino languages and she doesn't even hide it in her live streams and interviews. She's a good girl. She's a good girl. She's a good girl. She's a good girl. She's a good girl. It's more fun in the Philippines. I just want to say that Malna is a good girl in the Philippines. And for me to represent the Philippines is crazy because I'm sorry. It's pride, man. You know they're very emotional. There you go. Well, Kelsey and Bella experience haters. This Filipino experienced far greater dangers. There is a popular formula one driver. A Filipino? It's a good girl. A good girl. Yeah, man. From the Pinoza everyone. The qualified to compete in the W series. International all-female racing championship that is known as a stepping stone to make it in Formula One. Sadly though Bianca didn't win but she performed well enough to earn the spot in the Formula One Academy. Despite being only 18, it didn't take her very long to back her first F1 Academy win which happened in the very challenging racetrack in Valencia Spain. I'll anger how many win-many. Oh, I'm sorry. You know, exercise this sport. That allows Bula and Handa Alcubati to close right in on her. Can Bianca be a man to hold on? It will be, Mr. Mandate who crosses the line first to win her first F1 Academy race. That's what we know she won. What a start. The F1 Academy Championship. This victory made her the very first Filipino to win an international race in the league that is directly associated with Formula One. As she stood at the top of that podium, Bianca couldn't help but lose it when our national anthem started playing. Aww. It's just super cute too. I would lose it too if I were seriously representing your country proudly like this. It's an amazing feeling. Now she has to make it to the actual official F1 competition. That's the Latin was that for Philippines was playing in the podium and that just got me crying. It hasn't been played for a very long time so I'm very thankful for it. Sheesh, these moments always get me. Yeah, yeah. She would beg another win in Manda Italy while experiencing some very dangerous crashes. As they made their way to the first breakings out of the year and there's a huge shut to the back. It's Koi Kaurant in the ART car upside down. Actually, after Alcabase she hit the MP motorcycle car, then Mr. Mandate. And I think Shrinah, another innocent victim there from her teammate in front as well, plays out the back. Scary. Bianca Mr. Mandate out in front. Mr. Mandate. The way he pronounces her name. Mr. Mandate. Mr. Mandate. Mr. Mandate. When I wound up the podium, I heard them chanting my name and really that just got me crying again. So here are the anthem played and the Italian fans cheering me on. I just felt right at home. I've always been so proud of being Filipino and even though the world's the most important thing is not going to happen. Or if you don't know how to say Filipino, you're still proud of it. Bianca Mr. Mandate is currently sitting right behind the scenes. So this is very recent. Or if you don't have any points on it, definitely still have a chance to win it all. And speaking of winning, how about winning the heart of Hollywood's biggest movie star back then? Steve McQueen. What do you know? Yeah, I'm not even kidding. Meet Neil Adams. Her real name is Rabid Nilam Salvador Arrastia. What? No way. Arrastia, who was known as the son of one of the most prominent hashi in deros in luba bampanga. She barely knew her dad because she grew up under her mom's care. She would bring her to life performances so it was natural for her to want to follow in her mom's footsteps. Before she became a teenager, her mom would start performing in the US and unfortunately this was also around the time when world war 2 broke out. Damn bro, you had to dig really deep to find this philopeena, my goodness. Japanese attack. A group of peasants were originally formed to fight the Japanese but later rebuilt against the government because they didn't like the terms of the alliance between the Philippines and the US. Then the craziest thing happened. As a teenager, Neil became a spy for the resistance. What? She carried messages and intel between the Rilla groups. This went on for months until she got caught and incarcerated by the Japanese for 18 months. It was also reportedly wounded by shrapnel, one of her legs from a nearby explosion during that time. 1948, Neil's mom finally was able to return home and immediately moved her to the US where she would finish her studies in the art of performing at the Katherine Dunham School of Dance in New York. In 1953, she was cast as a dancer in a musical called Kiss-Mid and worked her way up to become the lead dancer of the show. Due to her ambiguous beauty and exceptional stage presence, she was offered one of the lead roles in the show called the Pajama Game. Who's that? That's Neil Adams. What does she do? What does she do? Man. We want some scandal. Know what I mean? Lips up the page and then look between. One has the headlines. Two has got the news. Five, six, and seven has got the latest in sport. Come on Jackets, not on the front page. Find it on the board. That is so old school. While rehearsing for the show, she bumped into Steve McQueen. So? You should have that brandy after breakfast, not before. Why? It's not a mean to overstep myself, but would you like to join me in a part of coffee? The rest was history. Her name then became big in the Broadway scene and she also appeared in over 20 films on TV series between 1952 and 1991. I want to do something daring. Neil and Steve had two kids. One of their grandchildren is Steven Armaquin. No way! Yes, I'm actually rewatching the vampire diaries. What? Dude, I had no idea. Okay, see that's why I said at the beginning that his videos are also very informative. Cool. Just a young Filipino girl who cared for her country. A big Broadway star at the Liberty. Neil Adams is definitely proof that Filipinos can excel in many different fields. And one of those fields is beauty pageants. Yes. The competitive spirit in everyone else's play there for Filipinos. But pageants for us? It's not a competition. It's an obsession. This is beautiful. Oh my god! I don't know why! Like, I know it's an obsession in the Philippines, but I don't know why. Like what started it all in the Philippines? What made it become an obsession? Mis-Universe. What? In this country we were in dire need of heroes. I love these reactions. It made people realize that somebody who comes from a far-flag area in the Philippines can probably stand the chance of making it with the rest of the world. We back our first Mis-Universe titles back in 1969 with Gloria Diaz. The first runner-up in Miss Finland, Miss Philippines, is this universe of 1973? Wow, okay! 1969. Bro, I wasn't born back then. And in 1973 with Margie Moran. I was still not born. That's incredible. But after that, we went... Maybe that's why they are obsessed with it because they won from the beginning. They start winning the title from the jump from the start. On the 42-year drought. That's the longest one. I want to change my legs because I'm content with my long legs. What would you rather be? Beautiful or smart? Well, quiet. Beautiful and smart. Come on. El Nino is what we are facing right now. If we do simple things like planting trees, then we will not experience drought. So, if we are now, we will achieve plenty of thank you. Alright, so you won two of the major awards. Best in Long Island, Best in Swimsuit. Do you feel any pressure right now? No, I don't feel any pressure right now. Confident? Alright, please choose a name of a judge. The question is, what role did your family play with you as candidate to be the mid-impleuminous? Well, my family's role for me is so important because there was the one who's very... Oh, I'm so sorry. My family? My family? Oh, my God. Oh. Okay. I'm so sorry. She stressed. I told you that I'm so punked and I thought, wait. And I think her English is not great that's why. Sorry, guys, because this was really my first pageant ever, because I'm only 17 years old. And I did not expect that I came from one of the death deaths. So, but I said that my family is the most important person in my life. Thank you. I'm not by any means an expert, but in my humble opinion, that long drought fueled our determination to win another title. We wanted to prove something so badly, so the community increasingly became desperate and the training for candidates became more and more grueling. Come 2010, it started paying off as the Philippines went on at 12 years semifinals straight. Maria Vennes' role 22, Philippine, Chancy Suksil, 25 Philippines, Janinto Golo, 23 Philippines. Ariela Arida, the Golden Age, Mary Jean Nazimata, Suzy, and Alonzo Wicks. Yeah, Alonzo, yes. She was great. Philippine! Philippine! Philippine! Adriana, Mademoisse! And of course, Papriana. Philippine! This is Serbia of Sanio Mateo, all the way from the Philippines. The Anteas Luigi Golo, Philippine! Two of those runs made it all the way to the crown, but the road to getting there was very far from easy. During my research, I learned that Pia Catriona also had their own fair share of crushy and devastating defeats. There we go. Philippine, Philippine, as 2013 runner up is none other than... Philippine, Philippine, 15! Pia, words back! Philippine! Our Miss Universe Philippines, 2014! It's none other than... Philippine number! 25! Mary Jean Nazimata! The winner of Miss World 2016 is... What the... What the... Almost! Almost! You are... You are our Miss Universe. You are... You are our Miss Universe. You did your best. You did your best, Chant. We love you. But these Filipinas are just built differently. Why should you... Why do you use these words? Our built differently. To be a Miss Universe is both an honor and a responsibility. If I were to be Miss Universe, I will use my voice to influence the youth. And I would raise awareness to certain causes like HIV awareness that is timely and relevant to my country, which is the Philippines. I want to show the world the universe, rather, that I... Damn, those teeth. So freaking white and perfect. 2015! Philippines! Oh no! No! I have to apologize. Nope. Yeah. My gosh, that was such a big deal when it happened. Even I who doesn't really follow Miss Universe and stuff, I've heard of this mistake. 2015 is Philippines! Oh my gosh, can you imagine? Can you imagine? Being in the shoes, especially of Miss Columbia. I don't know if I made sure there was no confusion. I made it so clear that she was the best candidate that night. Heck, most fans even agree that she's the best Miss Universe ever. Ever, huh? I am. It's a former martial artist who earned a flat belt at 12 years old. Now 24! Damn, look at that fake y'all. And she can sing too, by the way. Philippines, South-East, Rhinocon, Surprises and Reneveen, an old apartment building in Manila. This is for your role, turned a building into a young folk. A school offering free education to children, Philippines! Philippines! What is the most important lesson you've learned in your life? And how would you apply to your time as Miss Universe? I work on the art of art. I'm a student, and I'm a student. I work a lot in the slums of Tondo Manila, and the life fair is very poor, and it's very sad. And I've always taught myself to look for the beauty in it, to look in the beauty in the faces of the children, and to be grateful. And I would bring this aspect as a Miss Universe to see situations with a silver lining, and to assess where I could give something, where I could provide something, where I could give some advice, and to be grateful. And I would also like to say that I'm a very good person, and if I could teach people to be grateful, we could have an amazing world, where negativity could not grow and foster, and children would have a smile in their faces. Thank you. We're the most famous thing around the year. The Philippines became one of the biggest beauty pageant dynasties in the entire world. There were four titles behind USA's 9, Bill and Zuel is 7, and Puerto Rico's 5. An achievement that Lee Filipinos should be proud of. Now I know that some people don't like this concept of Pinoy Pride, because they find it cringe or corny and all that. Well, someone has something to say about that. The Philippines is home a very beautiful natural resources from the beaches. She is my Cleopatra. That's how I like to call her, man, because she used to have that Cleopatra type of haircut. Man, she looked like Cleopatra. She is stunning. The mountains, but I firmly believe that the best natural resource that the Philippines has is us Filipinos. Absolutely. We are the trill, the heart and soul of the Philippines, with the way we are hospitable. I understood that from the beginning. The warm smiles, and we are the reason why the world keeps coming back for more. No matter where, the universe takes me, I will always proud to call the Philippines my home. No matter what happens, I will always be proud to call myself Pinoy. Okay, so as usual, he did a great job, but I don't know why. This time around, I felt like the video was maybe a little too long. Like, there were some parts that he didn't necessarily need to show entirely. Like, there were some moments I was like, raw, was it necessary to share the entire speech of this, of this miss? You know what I'm saying? Like, yeah. But other than that, I had a lot of fun watching it as usual. I mean, it must take him a lot of work to produce these videos. So congrats to him. And he obviously does a great job. And I believe he deserves the applaud and the views that he gets on these videos. So wonderful job. I can, you know, looking forward to watching number five if there is another one coming. So now what is your turn to tell me in the comments section below your thoughts. If you see that there are some parts that are missing, maybe it's because of copyrights. And I had to remove them. We will see. Yeah, so Marami, Marami, stand up, Matt Po. And of course, if you found the value in this video, as usual, do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.