 Chalato, julio y tu familia. Espero que hay un gran Christmas. También chalato a todos, que han sido supoientos para la gente de nuestra comunidad. Eso es correcto. Gracias por ver. Gracias, chicos. Gracias por ver. Gracias por ver. Gracias por ver. Gracias por ver. Gracias por ver. Hola, hola, hola. Hoy vamos a... Y este es Ortega, ¿vale? Capitol comons. Estamos aquí. Capitol comons, Ortega. Oh, estamos aquí a... Talk about how it is to be Latina in the Philippines. Yes. Ay, ay, ay. When you are from Latin America and you are in the Philippines, a lot of things happen. To you. Or like number one, when people see your name written somewhere, they immediately assume that you are a Filipino. It's a Filipino name. Absolutely. What? What? That's you? Really, that's you, Madame. Oh, that's a Filipino name. That happens to us a lot, especially when we request grab food, that they just see our name, like our full name. They think it's a Filipino requesting food, and then they are like doused, like hesitant to give us the food when we say that yes, it's us. Yes, po, it's me. Number two, as soon as they know that you are a Latina, they start telling you random Spanish words. Yeah, when they know you speak Spanish, immediately they say, la mesa, cujara, la puerta, tenedor. I find it so cute. I mean, you guys are so funny. Like, yeah, we know all these words in common that we have. So you just try to make sure that we know that you guys also know a little bit of Spanish because of the Spanish pronunciation that was here in the past. So for me, I find that so particular, it's so interesting, and so funny. Number three, you catch many Spanish words when Filipino talk around, and you get surprised of the new discovery, that's like us as Latinas living in here. We hear sometimes, like, Filipinos speaking Tagalog, and then suddenly they're like, one more two words in Spanish, and they're like, oh, you guys are like a solina too. Oh, you guys are so cool. So that's also in Tagalog. That's your Spanish too. And you know what, the most wonderful thing is that, also when we say that to the Filipinos, they also get surprised. Oh, really, that's also Spanish? Sometimes. Sometimes you guys don't know that someone of your words come from Spanish or which specific words. Yeah. It's interesting when we tell you that, that comes from Spanish. That's in Spanish. It is always fun to compare languages. Yeah, of course, we love languages and compared to the ones they are. Oh, number next. Filipinos say they are loud, but compared to Latinos, they are naps. They are like my blood. Oh, what happened? They love the Filipino people. Anyway, number four, Filipinos say that they are loud, but they haven't met the Latinos. We are really loud. We are really loud compared to Filipinos. I, as a person, have to make an effort on the line to try to laugh. I, as a person, have to make an effort all the time to try to understand sometimes when you guys speak, because it's so low. So I am like, so compare with us. You really are not loud at all guys. So I'm just saying, just saying you're loud. You're not loud. Maybe compared to other agents. You guys are less shy and less quiet. Yeah, compared to other agents, you guys are loud only with other agents. I'm not loud. Yes, that's another thing. About the Latino and the Philippines, you guys are surprised on how many signs are in Spanish. There are like a lot of signs here that are in Spanish, especially around BGC. Especially, yeah, everywhere. Yeah, like a street name, but it's basically because your heroes have Spanish names. So it's just very interesting. It makes you feel like you are in a country from Latin America. Yeah, a lot of things are in Spanish. Number six, as people from Latin America, we were colonized by Spain, which means that we speak Spanish, right? Yeah. But people here in the Philippines they get so surprised that we only speak WALLENGWESH. Oh my God! Okay. We are, I know, I know, we speak Spanish and we are speaking English right now. So technically we are bilingual, but like in my country, now everybody is bilingual. And our only language, official language, is Spanish. And for you Filipinos, that's like so shocking. Like all the foreign concepts. All the Filipinos that ask about that. Oh, what languages do they speak in your country? Only one language, guys. Language, right? You guys are a rare breed, because you have like, 179 languages. Isn't that over 300 languages in that? 179 languages. All right, so Luna says 179. Let's believe it. But yeah, like it's so many. We get shocked. Oh, this revelation, you know? So yeah, it's always like a little shock for the Filipinos to learn that. We only have one official language and one of the most famous. If you know Dominicans who speak English, it's because they learned that for a purpose, like either travelling, getting better jobs, or what else? Moving to another country, like that. Number seven, as soon as people realise that your country was also colonized by Spain, they also start talking to you about the history of the Philippines. And how the Philippines was colonized by Spain too? For 300 years. And 33 years. Oh my gosh. Yes, we already know my memory. We love it. Because we are history lovers, history junkies. Any chance we have to learn and talk about history we take care. Thank you so much. Thank you. Number next, as soon as they learn, the name of your country, they will say your country's name, like they are announcing a Miss Universe Beauty pageant. The mini-sense. Yes. But that's because Filipinos, they love us. They are obsessed with beautiful things. Oh my gosh. So, like typically, when they have heard your country's name has been in a Miss Universe or something beautiful pageant. Related. So they immediately associate your country's name with Miss Universe. And they start calling you like that. Luna, from the mini-can report. Pintin Pintin. No pimpin Pintin. As a side note, it's a contrast from the Korean that they actually, whenever they hear Dominican Republic, the first thing they think about is baseball. Also the Japanese, the Japanese say, oh, you can't say a good at baseball. Exactly. They know. It's our official sport. Number nine, as we look different and exotic. They usually say that we are so pretty that we could be models. That's right. So because we are in the Philippines, we suddenly became models. We went back into dancing because we were retired. And then never retired. So I was like, you never retired from dancing, anyway, so yeah. And yeah, like we are getting, getting, entertaining business opportunities and stuff. Thank you so much. Because like for our Latin America, we are kinda average. But here you guys think we are pretty enough to be involved in entertainment. Yeah. So we are taking all the opportunities we can. And the last one, and the most difficult, is more related to our experience, our particular experience. All of us are for Latinas, which are Latinas that are more into the dark, skin color side. We get confused a lot by Filipinos thinking that we are from Africa. Oh my God. Yeah, that day that we went to Bula Can to the Filipino arena. There was a Filipino who was like, or something like that. I know that. I understand that language. So I don't know what language that is. I was so confused like, because I thought he was trying to speak Tagalog to us. But then he's like, oh, where are you from? And then we said, oh, I'm going to speak Spanish. And start speaking Spanish. Usually it's like that, or usually it's like, you're from Africa, right? You are here as a student, right? So apparently there's a lot of African students here. It's one they know. Africa is closer than America. Exactly. So like they are used to see more African people, like in our country, Latin American people. In our country it's very rare to see people specifically from Africa, the continent. Yeah. No. We have a lot of African Americans. You see a lot of African Americans. But now... Because that's why. Africa is so far from our country. It's really rare to see. So yeah, like because our skin color are hair, I can understand why Filipinos usually confuse us and think that we are also from Africa, but we're not. So this hair is almost gone. Oh, guys, so take a bite of this hair. And so you will not confuse me for Africa, but you will think I am Filipina. Oh wow. And guys, giving it a husband. The thing, particular things that happened to us as someone from Latin America, we've seen the Filipinos. And if we think that we miss something, if you're from Latin America living here in the Philippines, and you think that we miss something, let us know in the comments. You are expecting it. And you guys, if you have more ideas of videos like this, let us know in the comments and we can do your request. And thank you so much to our patrons and supporters. Thank you so much to our patrons, Emilio Valmáik, Valdum, Pogipinoi, Tita Wang, Desk Jog, Fred Cabriol, David Sans, and Andru Shika. Also huge shout out to our verified and certified solunatics, especially Jerry Flore, Janice, Kenny Hughes, Clengeng, Brian Cabusora, Egi, Egi Primesias, Tishtoni Wang, Jokagi Sang, Estelvary Jeng, Gabe, Ubehalia, WV, Rho Alf, Cherbon, Don Grato Puso, Emilio Tavera, Pinoy OFW Adventure, Six Men, Archie, Arizona, and Mardi E. Now watch this video. This video appears right here recommended by the tips algorithm especially for you. So click on it right now. Music