 Now this one is from a Philippine A Philippine support us that's into flip top battle rap We took a break After we will be listening to We'll be watching a niggman all of them man, loony But the only thing is bra I would love to watch I would love to do all the flip top battle raps But they're in Tagalog They're not in English and me sitting down And watching a battle rap in Tagalog For half an hour It makes no sense without a translation bra It's like a disrespect So I will never do that But anyway this is just the This ball rap just happened the other day And you guys been requesting it EJ power flip top versus Kali smooth Philippines versus the USA So we got the international But a rap Let's go Apparently this one goes off to it And it's been a long time since we actually listened to some Butt rap in it It's been ages man Well let's go Let's go straight into it mate Hey so look this is second language He battling in his second language So you're not a ninja to keep your energy up Point of choice Love you feel me First of all you got up the most respect To be going down a level I should say To go down to someone's level Of communicating And to still have the capability To stand your ground And not speaking Tagalog but English Even though English is still very Very strong in the Philippines but still It's not the same as speaking Tagalog Butt rap in it As you guys may say It's more Bicious Now you don't need that's what we're doing tonight man You ready? Here you go Hey What's up With that being said With that being said You got a submachine oozing that'll kill Marines I'm really clean I got your bitch butt naked twerking The building gene Who shout out to the mother fucking Philippines Yeah Oh Hi Hi Love you Kana Kana Oh no Oh no We're all trying to make a little good Yes, yes This is a crime We are more sorry And we're here to fight the emotional Very strong Very strong in the Philippines Thanks a lot for this Two years please right here Yeah Not energy So far I'm sorry We got so much especially like we had so many days So that was many kind of snow my face like baby Three Oh She boy Kelly boy Smooth I'll be back Man we live I ain't gonna rap PTs ain't no rap We'll breathe Shout out to my nigga EJ Powers Shout out to Flip Top Holy all that Man we love Bring me Peace and love Yeah Okay Yeah And I'm on right hand side It's so good to see that The barraps industry still have their own community They're low key on the ground community I don't know if he asked It would be As international As other genres but It's good to see that the connection is very unified I should say It's good Representative of the most viewed Battle League of all time Y'all heard it Y'all heard it Shout out to Flip Top Holy thing man All that shit If you don't know Now you know Let him know who the fuck you with Playboy EJ Mother fucking power Representing Philippines That's fucking gold Yeah All right let's get to it I get the shit if Yeah Come on Kelly smoothies of Mexico for LA here Yeah Come on Kelly First off let's not get the shit if you I'm here because I'm that nigga Kelly smooth You're here because you get a lot of views I As is that's the Which one might a dough Views doesn't matter but depends if you're It's your career You need views right if you're just doing something for the love and the passion who cares about views If it's a hobby But today I'm this is not hobby, you're right I guess Been a straight stashed in the car What a lot of As is that's the case been a straight stashed in the car What a long scope since he an international star See I think do for the Philippines my fuck around and push smooth and agility I move this when in a ring bow smooth like a hilly ding Who said that this was free I need why think all hairs at the liquor store EJ are about to get hit with a cheap shot It says it's me hot don't call certain lies I said I ain't sparing them in a one the alien Causing power lines like area 51 The aliens crossing power lines like area 51 the aliens area 51 and power as in his name EJ power lines Area 51 where they say aliens are all god almighty So many too many balls the alien crossing power lines like area 51 For one I can't tell if you talk slow or if you're special education Thinking I'm gonna I'm saving and we in your second lane. Let me set the record Let me set the record straight look we in your second nature. I was really smart like I'm in the second basis No, my first vlog on the second name basis You strangers and it's the city that excites you Spare it to your whole block like that like a typhoon And your prayers to the Philippines Honestly, you're deserved more but a bullet of being one way trip back to a third world Oh I bet you like an LA this whole image of new you It's diverse here. We got some of your women in food too Just say more like a food dude. Oh, is that like you too cool pick up plans be like what's up They I got 20 million views on YouTube They're who cares you couldn't match stats for my record I created an outlet in a city that everybody's connected If you My quotes from California Rome you will legend back home bitch. I'm globally known And that's the difference from when niggas put that off in a box and a villain when you hear a nigga that's really cut from it Slow That was stuff that was solid Very mind this is his first language. I don't know if this is his first language because he looks makes like he can speak something differently. Well Let's go Now he's literally mocking The all the Philippines but rappers always come Muck them and make the thing. I don't know what the camera is so high Yeah, they always make the accent and make people people believe this is how they speak in English, right? But he's literally mocking it I'm the happiest man on the planet Now I can finally show them all my abilities and talent I this In don't English English me with a lot of back nonsense I'm telling you I will knock him out all three rungs using my money back now accent So this is so this is who I'm gonna be battling I How many you're from Hawaii The shit out of you Really by do you wanna know the main reason why I really hate Hawaii I Ain't gonna lie bro. I ain't gonna lie. I prefer pizza. We don't pineapple and I was still eating with pineapple I'm what I've done. No, I'm weird bro. I know You want this to be you want this to be English versus Tagalog right? Yes, well for all that shit I was born to break rules and ready to throw it all under the bridge All of my green shall be released. I'll tell you to go on and on with the basement intro I'll protect by a summer beach. I make sure you get this by my iron flag safe You want this honor upon the bridge you're not gonna make it on top of no list Even though I don't brag about glossing the place. I got more credibility over the streets Every word that I speak is a portrait in stick. So I ain't backing up even quarter of each I'm a son who are their team on the father You're just a son of a bitch Let him cook That ain't no profile Those are the words that feed your shoes. It's like I'm battling EJ power. Let me do some interviews Well, I'm gaining shit from this dumbass even if I win or lose and bitch because of you This might be my first battle that will reach a million views Since smooth want to talk about views Oh my days are miss butteraphrough. This is what I live for god damn. This is good Does he still can see their name? There's even though he's battling for ages. That's why his bathing spirit in the MCs Which being chap is not enough to make him famous So you want to get fuck your fame? You're down in your perceptor and the reason why Cali rolls is to sign the casting count director Before you became immersed prepare for my enraging verse. I know that there are levels in this game No wonder why you're the one I'm facing first I Brows not even the final boss his his lever one basically First the service the blades and swords so while riding my pagan horse and holding this claim in torch I can easily finish the straining course so ready for impact because history repeats itself But this ain't no ancient wars. It's more like world war two because another Hawaiian part in a get destroyed by this upcoming Asian horse Yeah, I easily detect your delaying tactics and all your dirty moves Fuck you smooth even on my second language. I will still go further through so fuck that English versus Tagalog Botion on the best of both worlds food because I want you don't understand how I'm gonna fucking murder you I ain't gonna lie, bro. They're both heat. I ain't gonna lie. They're both here Oh Pray if that was his first thing I think you speaking with first Anyway, that's crazy. It's crazy So you really for the Philippines? So you really for the Philippines? Ask my question You said I won't get you that you only got 17 million views in seven battle. All right, that's impressive But I got you all the way out in America So on all the flip toppers you gotta be the baddest one now you're about to get the hungover than views like Michael Jackson's son Oh I'm spas it for fam. I will need a grab a gun. I'm battle rats Bruce lead away. I'm dragging son For one, I don't know much about your culture and I don't know if you know much about ours I just know y'all can roast a whole pig and under an hour Power I am not the one to play with I would turn that hostile that you're saying Do a hostile situation I word about your rounds I think all you shit is basing, but if you do start winning then I'm calling immigration Bro bro bro bro come on bro I like the energy, but everyone is just vibing you know even though they're dissing the hell out of each other I said if you do start winning then I'm calling them a grace case they told me I need to start taking bigger names I think you power Think not they told me to be the shot and I gave you power Sour butter out I ain't taking it back made tax in every city like the patreon of that well Staten this facts. Let's go ride you four files on both sides like your island I said where you came from is the most violent But on the after the US we will in trade many pack you off and don't buy Not gonna happen Mike it's not it's not gonna happen Your political figures got his hands Like his hands I literally seen him with they say you know they stay silly gonna be be very I bet thinking you lost get hit with an axe and he don't present it Right you fit in the box and that's the difference One second I thought I wasn't recording the god damn videos about the crack because I wasn't gonna about to watch it over again I don't do to I don't do double reaction to the fake that shit bro That one was He started off very strong that second one was you know the first round was stronger Don't stop In all the下 Start I'm going to put this on God. I want to completely annihilate you before having a go. Attacking my flow would feel like countering a throw from Patrick Mahomes. I don't need no interpreter, whole, just to kill you with the language I know, because all these Los Angeles folks will surely understand when I say who punk in a mob. Oh, no, no, no. As his claiming, he's part Hawaiian, part Native American, part Black, part Mexican. Wow. So you got a lot of different DNA parameters. Now, it sounds like your mom's pussy got passed around by the United Nations. That's what I'm talking about. A lot of different DNA parameters. Now, it sounds like your mom's pussy got passed around by the United Nations. That's what I'm talking about. Oh, no. He felt that one, right? You see, he's laughing out. He's laughing out about Jesus Christ. This is the first time I thought of cough, by the way. This is the first time I'm watching a battle rap. And then this is better than mom. You got to tell me in Tagalog, in the flip top, it's worse. Everyone get it. Damn. Woo! Woo! Oh, that is so good. That's why he came out with some birth defects. While my strategy is made up of poor g-sets. I am a product of worldliness, while he is a product of poor g-sets. Woo! Woo! Woo! And that's when he realized to live this decent life. Because he's always bragging how he's at nicety, devised. The only problem that gets by, he meets the part of being white. And that's the reason why you can't shoot kids inside your wife. Woo! Yeah. So fringy. Stop bragging about your personal life in such a lousy fashion. And stop doing this. Just to get a fucking crab we have. Because all you do is rap about your tragic life that is quite pathetic. Balance himself poorly, like he's using a leg prosthetic. And then rock himself too low, like an anorexic. All of that without using bars, just his whack aesthetic. And then out of a sudden, drop off now, his energetic lift himself up with his arms extended. Now that's expected. No wonder why the word that rhymes with gallous technique was gallous tenix. Woo! And I don't even f-. The people that work out with body, I thought he believes in explaining that. But those body work out only, moving all type of jumping on bars, brim, standing hand, push it all. Jesus Christ that ball. Word that rhymes with gallous technique was gallous tenix. Woo! And I don't even f-. If you're a book author, I don't want to hear your shitty stories. And breathing books from me. Out. And I don't even f-. I don't even f-. If you're a book author, I don't want to hear your shitty stories. And breathing books from me ain't sad. Extremely enormous, because my wisdom and knowledge came from my experience and morals. But if you want to see me finish a book, then give me the Soros. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Or is that him sending for someone else while dissing him? Oh gosh. Judge me, I'm from the third world country. I always stay hungry. Yeah. I'm from a third world country. I always stay hungry, because you know, a third world country is things... I'm from a third world country, bro. Jamaica. Psh. Always stay hungry. From the third world country, I always stay hungry. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, nice. Now I feel crazy. Yo, now I feel the every year. I'm a sympathetic nurse spreading worse from Heisenberg. I take back all the credits earned. So you're thinking this country we are slaves? Boy, the world's already turned. You normalize to the phenos being made. Well, now you're getting served. Woo! I always give my everything on every battle. This is my future at stake. So facing me on my prime is a brutal mistake. And if you really want this battle to have a language in their culture of take, you're going to be a great battle because you're not a slave to the world. Oh, my God! Woo! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Bro, I ain't gonna lie. So far, I think Epo is winning. Because, can't be smooth-started off really good, but his second... His second... Second... Pfft. Pfft. Damn, bro. I need to stop smoking. His second... Time he went. It was a bit... Meat. Meat. Yeah. Yo, yo, yo. I checked it out, checked it out. Oh, Kelly. I'm gonna do something a little different this round. Let's go, y'all. Yeah. To me, it's respectable that you came here to expand your style. And yo, city, kids get a rush off power lines like static shot. Woo! Millies of people look up to you. And you got your paddle lights on. Bro, static shot is a long time call to an album. I might have to... That's a throwback, y'know. If you know about anime, static shot... Static shot with a lightning. Oh, bro. It's a watch that every day of the school when I come from... When I was in Jamaica and I come from high school, primary school. I used to come home before half 530, even, towards static shot. It was one of my favorite, bro. Power like static shot. Oh, my God. Kids get a rush off power lines like static shot. Because static shot. He said kids get a rush off power lines because static shot power is electricity. And he gets energy or rush by consuming more electricity. You know what I mean? A rush off power lines like static shot. Woo! Cool. And yo, city, kids get a rush off power lines like static shot. Woo! See, a lot of them don't understand that ball day, but that was a bug. Look up to you. And you got your pad on lock. They would die for the opportunities that they'd glad. You got power. Do you understand you have the opportunity of a lifetime just because you write rhymes? It's kids back home dying. You already trying, I know white lines. Understand, we got like minds. I put my people on my back. When they see Mexicans as competition. I made a believe that we can write. Yeah. It's so much cat bell where you're from. They barely know me. I see your fans in the stands. They don't care they know's bleeds. If I feel a sense of disrespect, I'ma tell you how seen you. American know for making open caries. The Philippines know for making karaoke. Oh, no. They're crazy. Crazy. Facts. Carryoke. Roll please, your whole team against Swiss cheese. It builds from six feet like Ripley's. Tell me this bib squeak will be six feet. Let's hate and make mix. We got a gym Z. They put your little boy in the car. Okay, okay, smooth. Okay, okay, no you're talking. No you're talking. They put your Swiss cheese. It builds from six feet like Ripley's. Tell me this bib squeak will be six feet. Let's hate and make mix. We got a gym Z. They put your little boy in the car. I know his boy is a coward. If you hear our minimum wage. Your skippers return. Fight and be employed in the hour. Stop the boil. Stop the fat. Stop the boiling the fat. I picked this battle and told you name your price. So you ain't got to witness me get the message out. When you literally watching me change the light. Yeah. Talk to you literally watching me change the light. I lived a dangerous life. But you came from a broken scene. Battle map made the due to first one out your family tree to travel overseas. The doors that's open, leave. They're saying about a victory. To yours another battle. To us this hip hop history. But sometimes you got to go three rounds without pulling away from now. Sometimes you got to sacrifice bars to get the message out. This is the came all the way from the Philippines. My clotting, order of thin pain. It is rib cages. If I slanted like your friends faces. I'm sitting by your death bed. The plan oldies got me impatient. Listen to your heart beat. Listen to your face making. Keep people with the heart beats like the temptation. And that's the difference. Who in need is put that open a bars. And the feeling when you hear a nigga that's really cut from the claw. You got that outside. That was solid. You got good. Yo. You know what rhymes with the gallows move? You look like the fucking dude who sang the song. Baby baby young, my son and whoo. Who's that? It's nigga those chokes very straight. He done his research bro. That's what he came prepared. A lot of people on the estimate. Because his first language is talk like. He came prepared and he done his research. He's impressed. Smooth is impressed. It's good. It's very beautiful. Hey. You look like Borat. You look like Borat. My the fucker always asking for a little respect like a reed. Claims to be an activist but act like a bitch. Asked even. Self-proclaimed alpha male but almost beat up a pristivia. I'm just saying smooth between you and me. I'm the real. You could do it man. Do it. The real. Is that done? Bro, he's like so much love. Even though they're sorry for coughed in bad way bro. I don't know. I picked up a cough today because I was a very early this morning around 6 and it was cold. Didn't cover my head up properly. But it's still showing love in the midst of Bali. Even though he's told him about his mom and all that stuff. I like this one. This is what I'd like to see. I would love to see more reps like this. I hope EJ power is more people. He's going to stop more people in English. Bring on that torch. I'll let it. Bro. You're going to stop asking me to get to a Filipina. Oh oh he's getting mad. He's giving me that egg we'll look out there. You're going to stop bragging about how smooth you reach on being a lady killer. You're ready to get a lady. Stop asking me to get to a Filipina. He's giving me that egg we'll look out there. You're going to move. Calis move. So we're going to start with your aggressive mood. Act like a bitch. I'll fix your attitude. Girl that Hawaiian punch. I'll give you a sandy book. But no. Hawaiian punch. Sandy hook. Hawaiian. He's from Hawaii. Hawaiian punch. And sandy cause. Oh. Love that shit. So we're going to start with your aggressive mood. Act like a bitch. I'll fix your attitude. Love that shit. So we're going to start with your aggressive mood. Act like a bitch. I'll fix your attitude. Girl that Hawaiian punch. I'll give you a sandy book. But. But no need for gun bars. I don't have to shoot my brother. Cause these two hands are enough to make your two eyes shut or. Grab a baseball bat and swing high like Luke Skywalker. I'm not a BTS fan. But you'll see me head banging smooth like butter. It's nice like water pounder. That's all the K-pop boss K-pop lovers. That's the ball for you right there. I don't listen to that. Nice bottle. It's nice like water pounder. My apple outside down and under. I'll make you eat the bat like a Chinese motherfucker. I'll make you eat the bat like the bat. You know the theory that people was they were actually not a theory. They were eating bats in China. And they said this is how the Corona started. But Jesus. The bat like a Chinese motherfucker. You're the one who paid. Yo, you're the one who paid me for this ball right. Fucking prick. That's how the faggot in the Philippines are. They'll give you money just to suck your dick. They did not expect him to come like that bro. He is cooking. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. You want to stick with the beef that came from the street. You want to make sure the price is right because every dollar hits. So have a kiss with the face of the apocalypse. Do your toughest rituals. You will not be served up from the plough no more misguides once I put you back in your place with a lot of stitches. Your tightness under pressure. This is all the way master. Since you want to spend money just to die. Oceans gave passengers. Bro, bro. Do you understand what he just said? You want to spend money to die as he is paid. He already told you. Can he smooth paid him to borrow rap him. Come then. You want to spend money to die ocean gate passengers. You know the people RIP that went on the submarine and went missing. They paid that how many money hundreds of thousands of dollars just to go and die. You want to pay money to die ocean gate passengers. Oh my god. passengers. And while you are training to be a living legend that is trying hard to keep score, I'll do the leading proof of the same. Be careful what you wish for. You became trapped by using recycled bars. Bought you so you can do some less of words. Narcissistic thought that got no sense of worth. No matter how hard you try to step upward to forever stop on level one because you are nothing but a net. You are nothing but a never-was. You are too strong. You have been dying to battle in flip top right? You are not going to be able to enter that mansion just before you can set inside the kingdom of gods. You got to get best repursible Jackson. I'm a lyric called Sassin who will conquer more than you can imagine. I'm overcoming my family. I'm a castle on the distraction. Witness my malevolent action. California Extraction. You call this my English debut battle. I call this territorial expansion. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Hey young, is there Jamol? Please be humble. Remember, with Wynu and me, I got the higher ground like Sikhan Flore. Yeah! You said you, you said you, oh you're like, you said you, oh you're like, oh the ENT right? Nice man appear. Well now you're facing an ENT who just graduated this year. Yeah! So tonight is the time to be grateful and say thank you my dear, because another ENT just fucked up your dying career. Woo! I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Why? The rest of the people thinking, what did he just say? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Someone in the back console, what did he say? Chancellate. And the same thing that we did in the last year, we gave him a time-ex here, and he was in the middle of the war. Yeah! Yeah! I respect their channel connected, but boy, he ain't got a lab, or an EJ power clatter. Can't let smooth, it's very smooth, but he went more of the rough, like he even explained in his lost stage, that sometimes it's not about this and it's just to get the message across that they're trying to synchronize the industry. You know what I mean? Well, it's a fair play, bro, But who... who Wanderr? Was it just for straight-up friendly, this doesn't even count off. Is it actually was a competition or did they just did this because they're doing it for the culture but Why I want to see more of EJ power and even Kelly smooves as well Feel that direction of this video share support by stopping up that like by subscribe to the channel for more content like this It's been your boy. It's been your home