 What is this? What the bumbung? What's into this? It starts to whistle I gotta wait for the whistle All right, somebody explained to me what's going on? Anybody know? I didn't know that. I was going to wait for the other one What's going on? Is it melting it by steam? Steam? Okay, okay It looks like ice cream. I'm a little confused Oh, okay That didn't answer me. I'm still confused So, Ube? Ube and... Sticky rice Okay I gotta try that then All right, let's try it. Why not? How much? Special is 20? Wow, okay. I like special. Fantastic. Let's give it a shot Okay, so I'm gonna try this Puto bumbung That is Ube And Sticky rice, I believe But he said maybe I'm getting a special item. I told him to choose Whatever it is, I'm gonna try it Let's see what it's like. Because I've never even heard of this before. It served on a banana leaf You want a banana? Okay, you got some butter You want a banana? And there's the sticky rice And it's steamed. So, this is going to be a little bit different than anything I've ever had Oh, and some cheese Braided on top Stopping All right, it's looking good. Wow So which one did you pick? This is special or no? Special Okay And, whoa, what's that? Oh, flan Okay, that looks amazing Yeah It matters And some condensed milk All right That looks super sweet, that's for sure With a little Great, great, great, great Yeah, give it a shot. Let's go Let's go Hang on a sec, sorry All right, all right, all right, here we go There we go, perfect Okay We got Ubi, we got cheese, we got Sticky rice Oh yeah, oh yeah, look at that We got flan Oh, that's good Wow, this is a good combination I like it all actually, it doesn't taste too too sweet Pretty decent All right, I love it Puto bong bong This is amazing It's a meaty And here are the original, are you? Here are the original? Yeah All right, well, this is special number two Special number two, have special number to your love it All right, thank you very much, come on, come on Oh, so good Good, I'm going to jealous Oh yeah, oh yeah, it looks like Oh yeah, oh yeah