 good morning and welcome to the beautiful town of Oslob here in the southern part of Sipi. The locals here are so friendly. The same is like everywhere we've been so far. The locals just want to say hello, so nice. We are currently on the main street here in Oslob and it's all going on. It looks like people getting ready for work, the course is setting up shot, people driving around, they've got us just walking around taking it all in. There's a 7-11 round on the corner of our street which is amazing, so handy. I think we're going to head towards a cash point because at the moment we have nothing and we can't eat if we don't have cash. Unfortunately the ATM in 7-11 is not currently operational so we were told by one of the locals to go down the main road here and keep walking down to the shopping mall and we should see an eighth. Hello! Hey, welcome to the black town. Thank you, me. He's calling me beautiful, I mean he can't really argue with the man, but yeah the ATM is not really working in 7-11 at the moment so the only other operational one should be down this road. Maybe a five minute walk, we'll see. And here we are, the guys there are no bronze Oslob mall. No time at all, jeepney! Hello! Hello! That jeepney was so cool, we're ATM there, there it is. It's always really fun going to an ATM abroad. Will it let me take cash out? Will it not? It's a fun game. For some reason, Filipino ATMs especially hate our card. Right, no luck there unfortunately, we should have shown because BDO bank in Philippines normally works fine. We're going to try this ATM at the petrol station and see if that works. Well this is not the gas station but it's certainly worth a shot. Euro net, international cards accepted. What a relief. Right now we've got some money, we can go get something to eat and something to drink. I mean it's clearly not a Philippine ATM problem or a Thai ATM problem, anything like that. It's just our bank trying to be very very protected with us which is understandable. Just sometimes it makes life a little bit more difficult. But anyway, look at this town. Hello! Magano Magano! How are you? Hey, welcome to the Philippines. Thank you my friend. We are looking for some nice fresh Filipino fruit. I'm sure we can find some here, surely it's bustling and there's market stalls all over the place. Good morning. Do you know where we can find some fresh fruits? Fresh fruit there. Just over there. Thank you very very much. Thank you Salama. Salama. That is indeed a fruit market. Oh look at this. Hello! Peace and good. Hello, how are you? I'm good. What was the name thing? Two. Two. Please. This guy is all this fresh fruit. Amazing all the colours of the rainbow. This is what we need in the morning. We have the pineapple slice. Pineapple yes, one of them as well. One. And Filipino banana please. Yeah, it's good. Yeah, good. I'll take your word for it. This one. Look how green these ones are. Wow. That's not ready to eat yet. We have the small here. Oh yeah, maybe just one of those. Are you shy? You didn't have one of them. Come on, come on, sir. I gave that! So I'm really fancying a fruit shake and the lady next door is recommended. This place. So let's go and see what we can get. Thank you so much. So, today's breakfast comes in two forms. We've got liquid and we've got solid. We're going to try liquid first. I've got watermelon and mango, green mango. And I've got an orange and a pineapple juice. So excited, try this. Oh my god, green mango. It's like a little bit more sour but it's so sweet as well. But it's just what I needed. I could drink five of these in one go. That is super fresh. It's so fresh. Let's try a Filipino banana. Not smaller than the ones we get in the UK. But I think that's better. I think the ones in the UK are too big. Too big. And, unsurprisingly, they taste better too. They're probably very local and haven't been flown for about 5,000 miles. That tastes a lot sweeter. A lot sweeter. And now some pineapple. Flavor explosion. That's one of the best pineapple in the world. Wow. That is so juicy. It's been in this sealed bag for probably not very long. So it's super fresh. What a delightfully light refreshing breakfast that was. Look at this jeepney guys. It's super chrome and shiny. I've always wondered what's in the cab of these things. We've got a ray of buttons. Big thick steering wheel. That's the cup. It's on the seat. He said that I can drive. I don't think that's a really good idea. We'll end up in the ocean. I'm not seeing any tourists around here at all. It literally feels like we are amongst all of the locals living their day-to-day life. It's great. It's really nice to kind of just feel like we're getting a real authentic like local experience here. Everyone is so nice here. I'm just so not used to it. It's amazing. I feel like this is so rural here. It's such a rural part of the Philippines on an island in the Philippines. In such a tiny town, you'd expect it to be really quiet, especially with the lack of tourists around. But it is really, really busy. It's popping. What I also really love is that even in these tiny, tiny towns, they still always manage to find room for a 7-Eleven. Convenience is king. So, turning off the main street now is a lot, lot quieter down this back road. And we're going to go see what the water looks like down at the beach. Oh my god, we've seen this in the pictures. It's called a quartel, which is a type of barracks, and was built by the Spanish in the 1800s of House Soldiers. And then the Americans came and they had to flee leaving it unfinished. And even though there have been countless typhoons and earthquakes in the area, it was built so strong that it's still standing to this day. And right behind in front of the water is Museo Oslob, or the Museum of Oslob, which unfortunately looks very close today. So, not a beach exactly by the looks of it, but still a beautiful spot to come and sit down and take in the sunshine. There is some big fish in there. That water has taken me by surprise. I can't believe the colour of it. It's like so bright. And I didn't expect to see all these fish so close up here. It's so tempting just to jump in that water right now. So this is the eastern coast of Subbu. Subbu City is that way. And behind us at that tip there is Santander right at the very bottom. The roads around here are so quiet and peaceful, especially when you come off the main road, of course. And it's not uncommon to see a rooster or a chicken, in fact, crossing it. Right guys, it's a couple of hours later, it's lunchtime. And we've come to a restaurant called AC Palaiac, right in the heart of Oslob. There's some lovely cold glass of Kalamanse juice. For those of you who don't know, Kalamanse is kind of like a Filipino lime lemon orange, hybrid of all three and it's tiny. And it tastes amazing. Over here we have got vegetable limpia, which is basically like vegetable spring rolls. And it comes with some cucumber tomatoes and some sweet chili sauce, our favorite. Right, let's give it a taste test. Cheers. I'm going in without the sauce. Cheers and a dip. Crunchy! There's some good limpia. I hope I'm saying that right. Doesn't even need the sauce to say a good one. That is delicious. That crunch on the outside is perfect. Filling is so soft and so hot. Hard to lick. I do find that spring rolls tend to differ from country to country. This is one of the best. When you can eat it without sauce and it's still delicious. Yeah, these are really really good. Listen to this crunch. Listen to this crunch. So for mains, we have got here a dish called pancet, which is noodles and stir fried vegetables. We've got some spring onions, some peppers, or capsicum, carrots, cabbage, I think. And there's little. Yeah, there's calamansis on it. These are so cute. See what I mean? They're like tiny tiny little lines. Orange is lemon. Do you know what I mean? I'm excited to try this. That's going on the top. I'm still dressing mine. Innocently that flavour just hits. The food we've had so far in the Philippines is really flavourful. It packs upon. Very heavily, heavily seasoned food. That only touched my lips. And I got a full hit of flavour. I'm having mine, I'm well, I'm having hot sauce with a side of noodles because unfortunately, I need to eat hot sauce with literally everything I have. He's got an addiction. An actual full blown addiction to hot sauce. So let's try with the hot sauce. Wow. This is so nice. It's only noodles and vegetables but honestly, it tastes incredibly good. The flavour is really good. The flavour. I've never tasted the flavour like this. That calamansis squeezy on the top. Beautiful touch. Let me guess. I wonder where Adam's going. Where are you going Adam? I don't know, it's the place called Sibucha. And what do they do at Sibucha? Oh, nothing. I don't believe you. Possibly my favourite creation in all of human history. Bubble tea. Bubble tea. Do you have any fruit tea? Yes. Okay. And bubbles? Yes sir. Amazing. I don't like not being the centre of attention. It has been a long time since I have had bubble tea. And I've just ordered the one called the Popping Strawberry fruit tea and it's got a five-star rating. Adam has got the... I don't think that's the rate of it. What did you get? Passion fruit. Passion fruit? Thank you. Thank you. Oh. I don't think I'm ready for this. I am. You can have Popping Strawberry. Hello. Look at this lovely park right next to the lovely tea place with a view of the mountains and the background as well. A lovely place to enjoy a nice refreshing bubble tea. That's my favourite park. Actually, no, this is my favourite park. Right. Six weeks. Here you guys. That's a religious experience that. Yeah, I'm lost for words. That is incredible. There's nothing better than that on a hot day to refresh you and give you a bit of a sugar high as well. So sweet, isn't it? Bubble tea! So good. Our first ever bubble tea in the Philippines and it did not disappoint. All right guys, thank you very much for joining us today and tuning in. Please remember to hit the like button and give that subscribe button a little tickle. We will see you in the next video. Bye.