{screams}
oh my god she's holding out her hand does that 
mean she's interested or did she just put it there?  
My mom told me I should respect her 
but what should I do? What should
Do you want to hold my hand?
Do you want me to? Well, that's why I 
put it there. It's finally happening.
[Screams]
Baby, I have something for you.
Ready? but before we go inside you need 
to know something about my family. Okay.  
When you meet my mom, you have to do this -
[touches foreheard to hand]
Huh??  Hi, hello.
[touches forehead to hand]
So respectful! Welcome to the family. Thank you! Wait 
uh what's your mom's name? It doesn't matter baby.
Just call her "Tita".
Got it. And one more thing, don't say 
no to food. [laughs] Piece of cake - pun intended. 
[generous Filipino mom montage]
Okay. Meeting, name, food. Got it. Ready?
NOOOOOOO!
Put on my sweater, take it, take it!
I'm really so excited for you to meet my family. 
I'm really excited to meet your mom and dad.  
Okay, so this is -
[Lists many Filipino relative names]
And you'll finally see the 
truth, that the hero lies in you.
Okay, okay, enough you come sing now.
Oh! Green fields, trees, and mountains. 
fly high to the silence oh yeahh.
Tito, you're next!
[claps and applause]
Well since my baby left me you gotta find 
some room down at the end of lowly street at  
heartbreak hotel. Baby slowly baby 
iId be slowly cannon lipstick
Good Morning, Baby. Ready for church? I'm not 
really feeling it today, okay. Okay, no problem.
Church on TV?! Yeah.
Seriously? That's crazy, wake 
me up for breakfast, okay?
 
Hey guys, my friend's having a party tonight - want to come?
hey, do you have any Tylenol? Tylenol - no, no!
Okay, you lie down. Okay, you take off your 
sock. Okay, we're going to put this.
Kay, [slaps foot].
The fever is going to come out through your foot 
and then {boom} it is gone, okay. Now go lie down and sleep  
Okay go go go. Nanai you're so cute. You "haha" 
all you want, it's going to work okay. Go!
[sneezes] You're sick? Okay 
give me your foot, lie done okay.
Babe that's too much rice. 
There's never too much rice, baby.
Sweet Caroline! Bah-bah-bah!
Good times never felt so good - so good, so good, so good!
I've been inclined - bah-bah-bah!
Hey everybody, I hope you enjoyed our 
newest video. By the way if you haven't  
watched the female one yet, go check it 
out right now and if you are Filipino  
you have any Filipino friends and you could 
very well relate to what we had to say in  
this episode that let us know what is your 
favorite scene in this video and of course  
share it with all your friends, relatives, grandmas, 
titas. Help us get the word out! Help us make  
more of these. And a quick update for you 
guys, I am publishing my first ever book  
It's called, "Sex Before Coffee: Guide to Dating 
in Scandinavia". It took me around two years  
to research and write this book so it's a huge 
deal for me. So if you are interested in dating  
in Scandinavia or you really like sex before 
coffee then stay tuned I'm gonna be releasing  
details on how to purchase this book through 
amazon in the upcoming month and as I wasn't  
in Toronto for the filming of this video, I'm 
going to be going back to the team - Now in Tagalog!
Please hit like and subscribe, and keep on breaking 
down your barriers and don't forget the Vapo-rub!
