 Ayo, what's up and welcome back to my YouTube channel and it's your favorite girl as always, Ducas, thank you so much for tuning in if you're a new subscriber, thank you so much and if you're a returning subscriber you are most definitely welcome back and if you are not yet subscribed what are you waiting for? kindly subscribe to this channel I really appreciate and let me know your thoughts down below so today I'll be talking about the topic here as you can see from the title I know the title you know made you watch this video and that topic is why I love Duterte's administration and the Philippines the Filipino people just voted for a new president and of course we know who won the person who won is the daughter of the president, you know president Oustenio is about to round up you know and Markos yeah BBM won the presidential election so what is my take on these two parties? I do not have a party that I stand for I do not have a favorite party I do love politics so much and I have once you know long to be in my country's politics box I change my mind my country's politics is deadly yeah it's can you know caught my life short so I decided not to engage in my conscious politics but in the future I don't know what the future holds maybe when I'm in a better country yes I don't have a problem going into politics so guys let me talk about what I love Duterte's administration I know that's not everybody love Duterte's administration but from a foreign as point of view I'm not going to go into you know corruption or embezzlement because as it is all country as corruption but the level is greater than each other every country as corruption mm-hmm yes but now I'm also talking about the aspect of killing by Duterte I know some of you might see Duterte's administration as you know having extra judiciary you know killings but if you have lived in a country like mine you would know the importance of embezzling like that now let's talk about my country my country is a country that is full of crimes governments negligence your life is not valued in Nigeria if you get killed today by a robber that is it there is no justice I personally I wish we have a president as Duterte in my country in Nigeria because the way it is in my country it is only a president like Duterte that can bring everything back to order the crime rate in Nigeria is so high to the extent that it is already you know it is not something that can be solved easily no you need a very strong leader like Duterte I'm telling you now something I follow recently just like a few days ago a girl who is in a university a college in the northern part of Nigeria which is dominated by Muslims was killed recently by our Muslims classmates now I do not have anything against Muslims I have Muslim friends in fact I have a Muslim friend who is a Filipino in my former house but it is also where I live and I always like eating our food she is one of the sweetest soul I have met she is Muslim she likes cooking Filipino food so I always go to her ask her what are you cooking she has things to us my friends can be a witness she is schools in Segu City she lives in Mindanao whenever she goes to Mindanao and comes to Segu City she brings candy for us biscuits for us and start giving to everybody she is Muslim I love her so much I do not have anything against Muslims but in my country in Nigeria Islamic is practiced in a different way I don't know if they have different ways you know I don't know if they are different from Islamic religion but the one in my country is very dangerous our current president is the Muslim which made the matter worse worse Muslims are the one causing 90% of the problems we have in Nigeria religion is one of the issues is one of the problems we have in Nigeria look at the Philippines they are different religion here we are both living peacefully we have no war Muslims are here Christians are here Catholic Christians are here Hindus are here people from different parts of the world are here we are all practicing our religion respecting each other religions without causing no problem but in Nigeria it is no if you are not for us it is against us that is it in Nigeria if you are not for this religion why is this school girl why was she killed basically they have a class group where they are all and we all know what class group is meant for for sending school updates I also have numerous group that I joined in the Philippines it would be too big of me if I start posting things based on my religion on that group knowing fully well that I am not the only person who is in that group and I may not be the only person who has the same religion in that group chat so these students they start turning the group chat into a religious stuff posting things about their religions and this girl she is a Christian then she sends a voice note to a classmate telling them that I listen to the voice notes she sends a voice note to a classmate telling them that this group chat is just a class group chat it is meant for school updates if you want to talk about religion you can do it somewhere else not in the group chat this is how they started sharing their group chat to different people so almost all the schools knew about their group chat and she lived in the school hostel so she had been getting threats that threats from different people saying some of our friends were advising to leave the state to run away from the state but she felt like since I am inside the school they cannot kill me inside the school that is what the way you think in Nigeria about things that are going to happen to you that is what I told you in one of the videos I made I am going to link that video up here when I made a video talking telling you that I am scared of going back to my own country even if you are righteous in Nigeria like no since I am in the school they cannot do something bad to me so this will keep on sharing the voice note and this muslim fanatics they feel like that girl blasphemed against their religion so they all planned to know what to kill and on this faithful day they all went into a hostel dragged that out they first of all stood up to death after standing up to death and they made a video recording themselves jubilating laughing that they are medits that they are concovers the person who was who sat on fire I saw the face it was showing the matchstick that look this is the matchstick I used to sat on on fire now the old engineers are frowning against this issue that why would your religion take the life of somebody one of the copy-das in Nigeria see what he has to say he justified the killing that they do not accept any form of blasphemy against their religion that if nobody does anything about it they are going to do something about it like what they do like what they do the reality is these people who kill this girl are going to go scouts free as lost a life and family are going to remember this issue for life all the engineers are going to remember this incident for life but if the tattoo we had to be the president of Nigeria these people would be killed instantly guys I am not joking this is something I can do in the present state of Nigeria if I were to be the the president I would encourage that fear in people that if they do this that would be the penalty guys but in the Philippines we enjoy peace of mind you don't have any of that in the Philippines this is what I really love the tattoos you know regime and I wish that the tattoo was the president of Nigeria I really wish because Philippines is 100% safer Philippines ask you know good leadership that Nigeria Nigeria has absolutely badly bad leadership can you see what is happening in Nigeria that is how people lose their life on daily basis with no justice somebody could come into your house today kill you you are dead and that person is going to go scouts free people see that they commit crimes and nothing gets done they keep committing the crimes but when people know that if I commit the crime this is my consequence it's going to restrain people from doing bad things now let's look at the western countries why is it that every single mistake you make less take for instance in the US why is it that every single mistake you make comes to the consequence if you park your car at the wrong place it's as a consequence if you don't take care of your child it's as a consequence if you don't do this it's as a consequence when there is a consequence for every action people will learn how to abide by the rules and regulations or that's country take for instance in the Philippines I have never had any reason for a policeman to look for me in the Philippines why I am abiding because of this country I know that all if I do something bad I will go to prison there are a lot of foreigners who are in the Philippines because they do bad things and you are going to remain there I feel like I understand that some of you may not like the tactics you know regime but because me I know what it means to live in a country that is full of crime you would know the importance of killing criminals yeah you would know the importance of killing them let's talk about the election I was at one of the voting sites during the election and this was at April of 18 two of my stay during the election I noticed that everybody voted peacefully and you don't even know who your friend is voting for for instance people who are voting for BPM people who are voting for you know Lenny they were all at the same site casting their votes they were no talks they were no stealing or ballots boxes in Nigeria elections does not go smoothly the way it goes in the Philippines in Nigeria especially in those provinces these people these leaders they will go to those provinces to those provinces you vote you get 1000 pesos they will give you a tangible money in fact it is always less than 1000 pesos it is less than 1000 pesos they let the people sell their votes just for less than 1000 pesos so as you are voting for their party they are giving you the money and all these videos always go viral it always go viral but the government doesn't do nothing about this also on the day of the election they will they will pay talks you don't know who talks are talks are I don't know how to explain talks are bad people they are people who are streets people they can kill anybody these people are going to go to the province they are going to steal the ballots box of a party to favor another party because they have been paid before ant when I was at the I heard that any of that happened in any place that is for you to know that Philippines is way better than some other countries like mine there is no peaceful voting in my country in fact on the day of election people do not want to go out and vote because you can be killed on the way and that is also one thing I noticed about the Filipinos Filipinos are one of the most people have seen on it during the election everybody went out to vote with old with young they knew their rights they went out to vote in Nigeria I have never voted before because when I left Nigeria I was not on the age to vote so I have never voted before in my whole life but even with everything with forever I am going to have the pain in my ass that I was part of the people who voted for this person I have that fear because you don't know who is who in Nigeria everybody is just here for the selfish interest they are very patotic but in Nigeria they are also patotic but with everything that is happening in Nigeria you would be fearful to even go out and vote because you don't know ...to start shooting everywhere who wants to steal the Balox boxes. ...and God forbid, you might become a victim of the shooting. So pay us all this advice, they're kicked to stay at home. To stay at home. And the people that are not educated, they sell their rights for just three pens. Money that can not, you know, that can't sustain them for a week, for a week. Less than a thousand pesos, they give them money and the votes. The video always goes viral, you can act any ninja and it is true. So personally, I love the Tatians regime. I wish we have a president like the Tatians in Nigeria. Oh, we killed any criminal. Do you know what my government does? Now, a group of Muslim people. I'm just hearing this which is so that you can know that things are happening in the world. Now, some groups of people, we go to a certain barangay. We call this barangay here in the Philippines. I'm just making it so that you can understand like a community where people live, a group of Muslim people, they we go there, they we kill everybody in that community. And you have to take notes that these people has never offended them before and but they are trying to prove a what a point to the government. They are trying to prove a point that they are powerful. This people we go to a certain barangay or community and kill everybody in that community. Both old, young, even babies, you would see the way they were being caught. Like on some of them are sleeping on their bed, some of them. Like I'm just remembering one of these things. I'm like crying. I am just remembering one of the things that I once watched, right? And it is so heartbreaking. So heartbreaking. That's why I am so scared to go back to my country. I don't want to go back. I do not want to go back to Nigeria. I do not want to have anything to do in Nigeria. And my siblings that are there, I want to get them my mom, my dad. I want to get them out of Nigeria. I don't want to have any business to do in Nigeria. Now, some of these people, they are still sleeping on their bed. They are hypnosis people. People who do not know anything. People who are not part of the problem of Nigeria. They were still sleeping on their bed. And this group of people went there. They killed everybody while they were on their sleep. With young, with old, you would... With young, with old, you would see the way the caught last was being caught on their bed. And you would see the slashes. Some of them were still sleeping. They would kill everybody. And when they are being caught by the government, do you know what the government causes? The government will tell you that they are rehabilitating them into the society. The government will tell you that this people have repented and that they are rehabilitating them into the community. The government will take care of these people, close them, feed them, do everything for them. Things that they normally would not do for the citizens. They would do it for these criminals and bring them even empower them and bring them back into society. And these people later on, they will be caught by the leaders of their caught groups and be brought back again. And these people will still comment the case. Somebody who killed somebody. It is okay for them to act for repentance. It is between them and God. What it should be killed is that. That is why they are lost and ordered in the country to make sure that the country is running well, to make sure that the country is safe. Okay, if you feel like the government should not kill that criminal, why should that criminal in the first place kill a person? I am supposed to take the life of anybody. But I know that this is what some of the Filipinos want. So Filipinos don't want kills on criminals. They want them to be to be sent to jail and be brought back into the society. But you don't know that. One, they keep on doing that. The Filipinos becomes dangerous to leave. Torres will not come here because it will become dangerous for us. Because that is what is happening in my own country. They keep on forgiving the wicked people because they are Muslims. And this will keep on committing crime. They keep on doing it over and over and over again. That is why Nigeria is not safe. I think a month ago, there is this doctor who was planning to travel. She already had a flight ticket to the UK to go and work as a doctor. She is a doctor in Nigeria. She is a very young girl. So she took a train because she was traveling from a part of Nigeria to another part of Nigeria because she is traveling to UK that week. This same terrorist, the bomb that's rain, the shots at people and she was one of those victims who lost a life in that train. Just because of the field system in our country. Our future is gone. Our vision, our ambition, everything. It's over. If we have a president like Duterte in my country, it would not be like this. Yes, criminals should be killed so that everybody can know that they have to abide by the laws and order of the country. If you kill somebody, be killed instantly. If you do drugs, be killed, just be killed. So you have to be grateful that your country is good. You have to be grateful that your country is the way it is. Because if your country is like mine, you will be wishing that you have a president who kills criminals. Look at me. I am here wishing I have a president like Duterte. But we don't have. You have a lot of opportunities here in the Philippines. Look at you. Students here in the Philippines, they are open to working students, meaning that a student in the Philippines can work in the university so that part of his tuition is being paid by the university. In Nigeria, there is nothing like working students, meaning that you have to pay no matter how poor you are. No matter how poor your family is, your family has to look for you to pay for your tuition. There is no opportunity for you. There is no opportunity for you. And if you are not privileged to enter school, that is the end. There is no university education for you. There are a lot of opportunities here for Filipinos, which I am grateful that, you know, because of the governance, even if people feel like they are not up to stand at or they are not doing their best. But you should be grateful that you are not living in a country like Syria. You are not living in a country like Afghanistan. You are not living in a country like Nigeria. You should be grateful. For me, in my next life, I don't wish to be in Nigeria, because I'm tired of everything. Even if you are outside the country, but if you have your family in Nigeria, you cannot at peace of mind, because you are always going to be worried about them. There is no law and order in Nigeria. Look at Philippines. Very beautiful. Good words. Laws. In fact, there are some parts of the Philippines that I walk through. I go through. And then I will see a very big sign on the word saying that six wheels, trucks are not allowed on this road. In Nigeria, the roads are applied by different kind of vehicles. And these vehicles, they call it, how can it's rock? That's a skyline petrol. That's a skyline gas. They're using the same road as normal vehicles. And most times, these trucks explode killing thousands of people. Yet, the government will never do anything, but also, the government will never make law, saying that this has to stop. But when it comes to religion, they are always there talking. Look at this young girl, who just lost her life. You would never hear of any way that a Christian killed a Muslim because they blasphemed against Christianity. There are a lot of people who blasphemed against Christianity and they go scots, we they don't do anything about this. Boy, in Nigeria, if you would say anything, anything to think, especially if you know that part of Nigeria, you are dead. Nothing. People commit crimes in Nigeria and go scots free. So that's why I really love the Tatees, you know, Reggie, and you guys should be grateful because if you have a president who forgives criminals, who allows criminals to go scots free, Philippines is going to turn into something that you, you won't be proud of, you won't be able to live in this country. My country is worse, it is bad, it is dangerous, it is evil. You cannot trust nobody. Yeah, they are good Muslims out there. There are people who would make you see that, oh, Muslim or Islamic religion is a religion of peace or there are some people, especially in my country, who would make you see that that religion is a religion of war, no peace of mind. So basically me as a foreigner in the Philippines, I'm the one in the best position that can make the comparison between a country that has peace and a country that does not have peace because I have lived in a country of no peace. Yeah, and the country is presently still having no peace. So I know what it is. So always be grateful. What I just want or this party lost, just be grateful. I'm always replying, you know, for the leadership of your country. By an angel, it is a sorry case to be honest. It's a sorry case. And guys, this is all I just want to say that look, no matter who won or who lost, I'm just happy to be here. I'm just happy because of the joy, the peace, you know, that Philippines was in my life. It is in the Philippines. I know what it means to our phone. When I came to the Philippines, that was when I realized that my childhood, the yes, I spent in Nigeria was without phone. Nothing. So when I left Nigeria, but I'm so grateful for the peace of mind. Philippines brought to me for the safety. I don't need to be scared for anything. I can't travel anywhere without being scared or being kidnapped or being killed or being raped. Yes, there are crimes that still goes on in the Philippines. And this is what we have to be caught both the level of crime in Nigeria and the level of crime in the Philippines. There is a very huge effort. You can't compare it. Yeah, there are still places that's crime or cause. But I feel like when you also see your kids, when you see your kids that do not be at this place, always be vigilant of your environment, they would also be able to prevent themselves from being evicted. So at past from what is happening in your country also educates your kids. Tell them, don't go with this place with a boy. Don't do this. It doesn't cause you don't answer. Don't do that. Because I don't know as grown as I am. I was somebody who will learn me somewhere and I will follow. I can't. So guys, I will come to the end of this video right now. Thank you so much for watching. Thank you so much for subscribing. Let me do your thought down. Let's us look my together. Do you feel that you don't like the tattoos administration or do you feel like the kids are being unjustified? So let me know your thoughts down in the comments section below and I will see you in my next video. And I'll see you then. Bye.