 Mahal Kitah! Are you ready? Hi Shurram! What's up Philippines? Welcome to a brand new reaction video on our channel I'm Mike. Can I'm Ellie? We do travel food and lifestyle vlogger based in the beautiful city of Makati. If you don't know us, our main channel is making it happen vlog. We bring you some travel vibes, some food vibes and all over good vibes. As it also says on our merch, check it out. Good vibes! If you like this t-shirt, check out our merch store. We both have a local merch store for customers here in the Philippines. And also an international merch store. Everything is linked in the description down below. But, Ellie, what are we reacting to today? Okay, today we are reacting to celebrities speaking the galogs. Celebrities speaking the galogs. Celebrities. Western celebrities. I think international celebrities in general. I saw one celebrity. We're beginning when I tried to adjust the starting point of this video. Okay, okay. I'll be very famous. I'll be surprised. By the way guys, if you want us to react to a video of your choice, we do have a link in the description box down below where you can submit your recommendation to us. It's the only way we can actually check out the videos you like us to react to because the comments get a little bit overwhelming in your morning. The comments for us communicating with each other about thoughts on the video itself. Yeah. Let's jump into the video. Let's do it! This button doesn't work. We need a new laptop. Oh, here we go. We have a new laptop. Oh, we did not have a video of this channel. The reaction of this channel. I can't remember. Few vlogs ago. We say, the piece of chocolate. I like it. Yeah. Oh, not bad. Not bad. Oh, the way, John. Get the kids. The! I'm back tall! All right, this is when I swallow the stone. I'm going to get this. I love my brothers. Taylor Swift. Mahal Kizam. Mahal Kizam. Mahal Kizam. Gina Ligan. Gina Ligan. Gina Ligan. Yes. Gina Ligan. Okay, I see Haley Steinfeld. I am in Manila. Mahal Kakaia. Charit. Am I saying that in like a word? Charit. It's usually said it was said it was meant to be a joke. I got a lot of damage. Cool. You. Mahal Kizam. Mahal Kizam. Mahal Kizam. Yes. Mahal Kizam. What? Should I have something? Hold on. Wait. Are you more crazy? Mahal Kizam. I was thinking about my ex-girlfriend. I'm pleased you're having a good night. I said it was wrong. But it's your hard-to-kill friend. Just want to say I love you very so much. And I guarantee you that we will be back. I'm the only big sail. I hit my head. Wow. He can do it. You can do it, Mike. I'm the only sailor. You make it work. You can do it. I'm the only one. Don't do it. I'm the only one. I'm the only one. I'm the only one. You are the only one. It's not a sailor. It's not a sailor. It's not a sailor. Oh, make my tail look right now. What are you... We want to see it again Hahaha Ha ha ha ha Mom's pity Yay! We don't know Mr. Keatsamahara Oh! Ha! Oh! Oh! Mr. Keatsamahara Oh! Oh, my God Mr. Keatsamahara Oh! Oh! Mr. Keatsamahara Mr. Keatsamahara Oh! I'm so glad I know where to stay I'm so glad I stayed And I know what you're going to do Baby, if you want me to be in front of all these people And that's the sound of that Very cool This is the Filipino When I was a kid working in the castle This is true There was Leo, was a Filipino salad man And he stayed FFB and P4F I said how do you feel? I'm so glad I was able to do this I'm so glad I was able to do this And he stayed FFB and P4F I said how do you feel? I feel bad today I said why? Well, Filipino feel bad when having bad day Because I found the car by the firefloor What? And I found the car by the firefloor And the policeman gave me a fortune I think Look, I have so many things to say So many things The first time when we were on a... It was during a concert actually At the Seagames Seagames, we realized that one of my favorite bands Members Is Filipino It's a black and piece Apple the app is from Pampango And he's... Like when we were there, everyone was starting to kind of sing a song Yeah In Tagalog And we were like they like What is going on? Is this like... Is he singing Tagalog? And we realized Yes, it's like... Hemsing in his name National Bank project Native tongue Yeah, we're just a pretty cool Realization because other Kind of find it cool Cool, sorry And also when we went to the karaoke bar with our friends And Michael singing Filipino songs It was quite cute If you missed that video, it was a pop-up right here I really enjoyed that karaoke experience Great, awesome! Yeah, I hope we can go to do some karaoke in soon Yeah Alright guys, if you enjoyed this video as much as we did Be sure to give it a thumbs up Let us know if you have any other videos Of celebrities talking Tagalog If you do, there is a link in the description where you can send your recommendations Also, head over to Mike's Instagram And convince him to finally, finally do his singing And it's coming soon! When? You said it was coming soon I don't know how to do it, I did like... I added so much video Would you guys write a mess out on a week full of videos Would you like to see the song earlier? Thank you very much! I think you're putting too much thought into it So the deal was, if Mike hits 100k on Instagram He's going to perform a Filipino song for you guys on our channel Making it happen wrong He has not published it yet We're waiting, please encourage us And we're also waiting for maybe to eat the ballot Anyway guys, say it when we have 1 million Thank you for tuning in, we will see you guys tomorrow on What's up Philippines! Bye bye!