 Hey guys, Michael here with Keys Daniel and Charlie! You can't tell with their mascot but it's really them! Anyways, we're still in New Haven, Vescaia and as you can see it's green pastures all around us. So today we're gonna do some manual labor. So if you wonder why we dressed up like this, because we're gonna go ahead and plant some palae behind us. Yeah and we're in this amazing place so we're gonna check it out. We're gonna plant this palae. Let's see what happens, our feet are gonna get wet. And we're in the province and it's the first time we've done an episode in the province, the Batchaarrii! He's got a rice pick in. He said we're going rice pick in, so let's do it! I've never done this before. I don't really want to go into the water but I'm gonna do it. Yeah, I brought some soap with me so I can have a bath as well. I really don't know what's gonna happen. I'm pretty sure we're gonna plant some rice, it's gonna grow. And then we'll pick it hopefully three months later. Feed a few people, you know what I mean? Rice picking isn't as simple as it is. I mean some people just go, oh you're just getting the field and you plant your rice. Well actually it takes a lot of preparation before you plant your palae. And basically they set a line in a straight formation across the rice plantation. So you have a kind of a keyframe to straighten your palae as you put it into the soils. You're given a bunch of these grass looking thing, I think these are palae. Palae, you grab a bunch just to come into the ground evenly. One stock like this provides about more than 100 grains of rice. So each one of these, so probably a thousand grains of rice when this grows old. Well actually I don't know how much is in the sack so I would say this is a sack of rice right here. This is looking very straight because we started but these guys are so fast. So this is getting like this really fast so hopefully we'll be like that at the end of the day. Hard. Yeah. Wow just look at my line. This is the kind of thing that I hate most, you know going stagnant water like this. Not knowing what's beneath the feet. Find a new straight line. It's taking me a long time, it's taking me about half an hour to do that. But that's the way you got to learn isn't it? Flow and steady and then you can speed up. Just done my bit, I'm actually getting the hang of this. I'm certainly enjoying it but you know, I've got to do the work, I'm a grafter. I'm going to do my next line. Kind of sort of feel bad because I'm messing it up. I hope I don't make anybody do extra work because it's just so hard to make into a straight line. When you see those corn fields or rice fields, oh look at that. When you see those rice fields that's just like so straight, that's pro stuff. All this mud, you know there's a lot of bacteria whether it's good or bad. Avoid any sort of activity like this if you have any cuts or bruises. Minus the bruises. It's really important to balance because apparently because I was stepping on over the place, you ruined the planting of the pailite. So you have to really walk in one straight line like that. Pard my white legs, I didn't really get a tire up here. The problem with what we're doing as we walk back, we're stepping into mud. And like some places the mud is firm like here, it goes straight in. But here it's just all water. Because that's where our footprints are. So it's making it difficult. I think my shorts just ripped. Got home on my shortsight. This is quite difficult and over time, in the sun, your back starts hurting. It's not an easy job. So whenever you're eating that rice, always remember who planted it and who made that hard work. It's hot, need dish, need dish, need dish. We're gonna bring a towel for later. We're gonna be dirty all day. One of the things you need to do is work out your back before you get out here because it will test out your back muscles. And if you have chronic back pain, highly not recommended. It's actually amazing because I thought maybe you only need this... Oh, oh, okay. It's raining a little bit with mud here. You know, this is my favorite stuff. But you know, I'm rambling like I always do. So time to get back to work. Feels like I'm meditating in a sweat box. Ah, that's way better. I feel the breeze out my nose now. So after working for almost two hours, we still haven't gotten a lot done. It's still very little, it's just because we're so slow at doing it. Just amazing how slow we can go. I think we would have to spend the whole day here to get the whole square done. Just finished planting rice up in the fields. Let's be serious. This isn't a scientific to plant rice. It's just a lot of effort, a lot of energy. And yeah, you just got to graft. So I appreciate rice more because I know I do. Yeah, it's very difficult doing this job actually because these guys are so skilled and so fast at doing it. It's just like, bam, bam, bam. But when it came to us, it's really slow. I don't want to plant one, check your line. Line's always wonky. I think Miko's was the wonkyest. Yeah, I had a hard time. I did such a great job that as soon as I finished planting my stuff, someone came along and replanted all my plants. So that's how I did. Anyway, basically thanks to Dong Parunga grains in Salano with the sky for making this all possible. And we had a great experience in the last week here in the way of the sky. It's a beautiful province. So guys, I hope you enjoyed that episode of Thailand. I hope you learned a lot about rice and how to plant it and appreciate it more. And take care guys, because that's Thailand. Come in, out. We come to this little stream by the side of the rice paddy fields. It's clear a water surface wash. You can just wash it off here that you are. It sticks to the dirt in there. It's really sticky. It's recommended that you don't drink this water.