 Hey, oh good morning guys! We are at our hostel right now and we're trying to get a little workout in so we went around, collected some things and we're gonna put together our own custom workout routine. So if you are traveling like us and you want to stay fit, get in shape, here's a few things you can do pretty much from everywhere. Depending on what you have, we're lucky we actually have a little bar, we can do some pull ups, we also travel with the yoga mat so we can have some cushion under us when we do like, ab workout and stuff. We also found this bucket right here which we filled with rocks so we can do curls and bunch of different things with this. So we're gonna get creative. Oh, we got some tires over here so I don't know. We'll see what we can do. We'll try to get creative and feel free to copy us and stay in shape while you travel. Woo! Work out complete! There's no, there's not like the movies when you try to take your shirt off and just doesn't come out sexy. And that's how to stay fit while traveling. So now a shower time, gotta wash up real quick, check out of our hostel, we have to get out of here in like 20 minutes. Then we're gonna go to an immigration office to try to extend our visa. I'll give you some advice and tips on how to do that if you're interested. But after that we're gonna meet up with our couch surfing host. We're staying with someone about three hours south of here but she's in Seaboo so we're gonna meet up with her and today is her birthday so we haven't met her yet but we've been talking with her and she sounds so cool. She, yeah, we'll tell you about her when we meet her but we're gonna go do all that right now so let's go! Alright so we're currently waiting online to extend our visas and I just want to give you some advice, some travel advice if you plan on coming to the Philippines. So if you plan on coming to the Philippines and you're from a western country typically most foreigners get 30 days for a visa on arrival. So that means when you arrive in the Philippines for free, don't have to pay anything, you can stay in the country for 30 days. But for me I want to extend that visa so I want to stay in this country for two months. And if you know you want to stay in this country for longer than a month, like I said if you're only here for 30 days you don't have to pay anything. But if you want to stay here for two months or more you do have to pay and you can avoid all of this hassle that I'm doing right now when you arrive in the airport which I actually didn't know until later but when you arrive in the Philippines you can just pay that at immigration. It costs around 3,000 pesos. I actually haven't paid yet. I'm waiting for them to call my number so I'll put that cost right here once I find out what that is. And that's how much you have to pay to extend your visa. And you can either do that as soon as you arrive in the country which is easy and quick or you can find an immigration office like I'm doing right now, wait in line, go through the process and yeah it's much easier to just do it when you arrive in the country. So that's some travel advice for you. Also another real quick piece of travel advice. I needed to take out some money to pay for this so I went to an ATM and the bank I use is called Chal Schwab. If you are from America I think it's only for American citizens, American bank. Look into Chal Schwab if you are traveling because they have an awesome policy that they refund all ATM fees worldwide. So no matter where you are in the world if you use an ATM typically there's going to be a fee involved with it but Chal Schwab reimburses all those fees. So looking to Chal Schwab that's your travel advice for the day. I hope it helps. I've got to go back to immigration right now. Then we're going to meet up with a couch surfing host. See you guys in a bit. Alright let me introduce you guys to my couch surfing hosts. This is Maricol. Hi. And Ali. Hi. So where are we going right now? I'm going to Vadyan. Vadyan. That's where your home is. Yes. And it's about three hours away. How are you? Cool. And today is her birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Are we going to celebrate tonight? Yeah. It's Papa Junk and party party in the house. Yeah. Alright. We'll see you guys there. Yeah. Alright so we made it to her family's home. And it's a lot. She is a very big family. And since today is her birthday they're all celebrating. This is nice welcoming. Check this out. You don't buy enough of this. Yeah I love this. She knows it. Indecorated. Oh. Oh. Is this my son? I know this one. Yeah my son. Hi. Asha say hi. Hi. Hi. How's your nice cake? Gang Gang? Yeah. My nickname is Gang Gang. Gang Gang. Gang Gang. My name is Sozi Ma. Sozi Ma. Sozi Ma. Sozi Ma a lot. Sozi Ma a lot. I have beautiful niceings. Oh. Oh. That's a big family. How many siblings do you have? Uh, I have four. I am the youngest. The youngest, okay. Is everyone live over here? No. Okay so everyone comes here and today for your birthday. Oh, but I have. Hm, but, I have a… But other people stay very touching. Mirlighterd was born. Yes. Little baby was born here. Yeah. Good for people. people yes so you have to open for everybody oh nice can you explain everything we have here um where is this is panseh okay yeah and this is one chicken all right take two our room for this is panseh and panseh what is panseh panseh it's like a noodles okay just like it's dry and this one is fried chicken fried chicken this is the sauce from me and fish this is tuna it's tuna fish so we did go on yeah tuna and then this is our Calderita we call it Calderita but this one is a god no this is big we call it Inasan yeah Inasan oh Inasan it's John that's big no one has lechon the chon the chon this one all right and you is for a special occasions yes special occasions fish that's everything so of course it's a special occasion now special occasion break out my birdie bro yeah yeah yeah this is really big huge big yeah big one so we are we're gonna feast and if guys if you go into the bone and you can eat this one just visit Sibuchon here in Macdan airport Sibu this one yeah in Macdan Sibuchon Sibuchon this all right and now we get a dinner cool and now we enjoy no one here in the Philippines yeah famous beer here in the Philippines Red Horse this is a big one we're gonna we're gonna have fun to that so we're gonna we're gonna let's put this to say that we're gonna this party is getting crazy what do you say it's getting crazy yeah it's happening we're having a good time here but it's getting late so I'm gonna put the camera away we're gonna go on some adventures she actually our couch stuffing host she owns her own tour company so we're gonna go on some tours the next few days we're gonna have a great time explore the local nature around here we're definitely gonna bring you with us so stay tuned for more episodes and vlogs coming your way for now I'm gonna go enjoy myself I'll see you guys in the next video peace