 Oh, beli. Hello. Hey, pare. Ya, nakagayang bagong tam? Musta. Okay lang, daman. Happy New Year, ten sa yo. Anong bago, Jan. Hi, magbarao. It's Chris here. How ya, New Year's resolutions going. I made a video a few weeks ago back, kung kung sa mga popular, na New Year's resolutions deep asability, nangstead all of us, never keep. Including myself, I ate too much, drank too much, and I now like eating soup every week, and cut it back on line. I hope you all are doing the same thing. But today I wanna talk a little bit about what was the one that died at the time? Because I know all the thinking about that, you know, just starting the year. And fucking someone that died, but like you make usung diet, and remember, first back in Australia, there was that diet where like you donate grains and all that, it was the Athens diet. And it was like the diet where you just eat whatever you want. And I'm like, how is that a diet? And then there's like these fasting diets where it's like, you eat whatever you want, but you're gonna only eat within a few hours when you're eating each day, and then you're fast. There's alternate fastings. Now, I've been hearing about this new new song, diet in Tao-chan, ketogenic diet. So I thought that people on my, a body was a call, was an expert, took us a month, topics of nutrition, medical, and so on, a diet thing. As a doctor, Adam, now, she's a little man, and she had a new son, a young man, and a Indian, a little bit of penis. So let's just give him a call and see what happens. Okay. That's Australia. Yeah. I'm gonna call him number. One minute. Hello? Hey, Maray. Yeah, I'm gonna call him back home. Mustar. Okay, lang, man. Happy New Year to you. What's your name? So, I'm really used to practicing Christmas. So, I'm gonna call him a shift. I want to call him back home. Hey, I'm gonna call him back home. So, Philippine has a whistle down. Ah, ah, a little bit. Tiba, what on top of your diet? What's your name? Yeah, so, for me, I'm gonna call him back home. I'm gonna call him a diet. Oh, the man. Why are you calling him back home? I'm gonna call him back home. What's your name? My name is Adam, I'm 5 kilos, I'm 21. I'm a little bit of an effective with my diet. Because, I'm gonna call him back home. I'm gonna call him back home. So, I'm sure Maray I don't know that it's Philippine for starters in Thai because, oh, what kind of brother? Well, you're just saying, how do you feel about people child? Even, what I've seen in Italian? Yeah, I'm sausage and bread. But when I was younger, I started to learners. Ah, I was coaches so to speak. Go ahead and teach. Pero kira hindi nan Thao ga kayo nakamagatawin When distributed kito Ya pataki Mi-Xmit Ah mehkanak 의ya ...mong kali mo katano ang gula i-dibak sa kapotaso. Ayo, lito bit porn, buto ina... ...ok, yaw in-shepinap, dali yung dayat na yung lahat na... ...gina gali mo masarap, diba, pero na... ...it seems to go it all, sa na manas yung mo na 50-years-of research and good science ...about eating vegetables, o, ay mo lito bit porn ang iso. Tekalang, alas, putiyon, speaka. Baraming po mo pali at sa kito. And when fat is the main thing that we're eating, the body starts to burn its own fat. Power gumwagang energy. Yung na lang, hindi barin malinao. Gong dala ka do ito sa bangwagagaman. There's a few studies that actually saying this is safe. At hindi it don't like the do-lot, like strokes and heart attacks. But first I can... I'm not convinced yet. I think there needs to be some more studies. Because kung taba ang kinaka in the new pelagi. Surely this is going to affect your cholesterol levels, your club pressure. I agree with what you're saying. Like, it must have some effect. On the chance that you get a heart attack or stroke. And also, I found that when... It's just fat that people are eating. They're having a hard time getting the minerals and nutrients that their body needs to stay healthy. Because we often get minerals and nutrients from vegetables and fruits, you know? Yung prutas kulae. Gong hindi natin kinaka in. Ang genitong passing ang paka in. We might not be getting the nutrients that we need. Baro ka ilang ang natin mag-antain ang manapaka arrow. Phamalaman ang tuto ang sa gotito. Ibrae sa lamans sa oras mo. Warang animang kiwigan. Eh, kayaan. Dobarit ito sa Filipinas. Mabakayon ka o panong. Ing akadjan ha. Oh, papalika ko sa much. Maki ito tayo, Jain. No, siwiyin, noong tayo, dian. Yung mga fruit, juus lamah. Yung mga hindi, hoddi, hoddi, hoddi, hoddi, hoddi, hoddi, hoddi, hoddi. Kain tayo. Ok, prae pa. Klamata. Ya, next time. Okay, in-a. Say ala. Bye. Bye. Okay, so there you go, Makawaro. So there's the facts from the true medical profession about the ketog genit tayo. I'm going to say I agree. So, umong nga poin si Dr. Adam na may makandang infects about probably my masamong effect as well. So, you've been a judge of obviously what you want to put in your body. Genuinely for me, I believe, nah, about on-stide and everything in moderation is the way to go in most states. So, I wouldn't give up all of the vegetables just yet. But, kao baalah? And, you know, we're helping you eat vector and choose vector because Filipinas either way. Please do subscribe to my channel. I'm Dr. Adam's channel, of course. And, you can follow us at Facebook. Check out the links below to the website where I put all of my healthy Filipino recipes for you to check out at the TriHole. So, keep in touch. Leave a comment. Like the video. If you liked it. And, we'll see you guys next time. Bye now.