 We call it jupa culo. For kids? Culo, what? I don't know if you also like rice with almost all the dishes? Where do you get that? Huh? No, you're not. You're really about that. It's very surprising that we're actually having a conversation. Is that your first time to hear it? It's my first time to hear it, yeah. I attempted to learn Spanish when I lived in Miami. Didn't go very far with that. What's up Philippines? Welcome back to another video. But today is a language day. You know, I want to keep it a little bit interesting on this channel. The creation of topics and something that I am very interested in are languages. And especially languages. The top similarities, you know, Germany, for example. I speak German, but I speak Austrian dialect. I can understand Swiss people, but I sometimes have trouble understanding Austrian. Because the dialects are so, so different. So, yeah, today I am reacting to a video of Spanish versus chava cano. And they understand each other. So fun to do these kind of videos. So I'm just going to jump straight into it and enjoy. In Zabago we have this dish. But I don't know if I should say it. What do you mean? We call it Jupa Culo. Jupa Culo? Jupa Culo. What? Papi Papi. Papi Culo. Hey guys, my name is Paul from Rice Squad. And today I'm joined with some of my friends. One speaks Spanish and the other speaks Chava cano. And we're going to see how similar these languages are. And we're going to see if they can talk with each other. So let's go see how they do. Hi, this video is by the way. My name is Jonathan. My family is from Peru and I speak Spanish. Hi, my name is Deer Lee. And I was born in Raisins in Ponga City, which is in the Philippines. And I speak Chava cano, which is a Spanish creole, which is the name. Interesting. Get out too. Very good. Yeah, that's good. Chabre, yeah, I can understand right now. And my name is Jonathan. How do you like it? My name is Deer Lee. How old are you? I'm 29 years old. What is your favorite food? Interesting. I like something from my country called Kigaina. It's like rice, with chicken and a spicy sauce of yellow pepper. I know why he has it in his own language. Yeah, interesting. I see. Okay. I want to try some of the food. I don't know if it's spicy. I don't know if it's spicy. I don't know if it's spicy or not. Okay. Okay. Okay. I like rice with almost everything. How big is this of communities? I don't know if you also like it or not at all. Where is your backpack? Where is your backpack? How big is your backpack? How big is your backpack? My backpack is so big. How big is your backpack? How large is your backpack? How big are my backpack? How big is your backpack? How tall would it be if you were a hamist of a Mexican? Take A Remember about two things, and then we show up at the latest. Again. How size are your markers? So, every time you come today, They have 12 and 14 more years than me. Yes. Did you abuelo? I live in Barcelona. I have a grandfather still alive and a grandmother still alive. But my mother and my father are still alive. I was born here in the United States. I was born in another country. Only my grandfather, my grandfather from my father, she is in Peru. Peru! I've also died in Peru. What do you speak in Spanish? Ok. So do you speak Spanish with him or not? A little bit. You don't know how to speak Spanish. Ok. It's super similar. Ok. I can understand almost the most of what you are saying. But not everything. I can understand it. I can understand a little bit. I mean I had attempted to learn Spanish when I lived in Miami. Didn't go very far with that. Did I? But you know when you get older your brain is just slower. Should have done that when I was younger. But in Peru you are still alive. So John, how much did you feel like you understand? What's your real experience in that language? So I feel like I understood maybe 80% to maybe a little bit more of it. There were just like a few words that I lost meaning on. And I was... You can make sense. And then I just kind of filled in the blanks on what I thought it said. But for the most part you can understand everything. For sure. I think there's only one or two questions that I 100% didn't get. And I was like, can you say again? I don't know what you're saying. It's very surprising that we're actually having a conversation. Literally understanding each other and he is extra. And like I said earlier on, if you have the basics of that language, let's say we're talking about Roman languages, you kind of understand. It's like the same Islamic languages. If I speak to people from Russia, I can make sense of a few things. When I focus a lot and then also from other countries, on the Balkans for example. Same with Germans. So if it's in the same language family, I think it's easy to understand, right? I think that's a question. That was crazy. I know. You can understand everything you pretty much said. Yeah. I did. I did. What's the language you speak? So I'm actually speaking Chavacano. That's what the language is called. And that's a Chavacano that came from Zambuanga City. But in Zambuanga City, south western part of the Philippines, we still speak that. Okay. Is that your first time to hear it? It's my first time to hear it. Really? I knew about a place where they only speak a very specific Spanish language. But I thought it's closer to Manila no Bambuanga. I've heard Tagalog, but I haven't heard Chivacano. Oh, I see. Yeah. Wasn't very surprising. It was surprising that I could understand so much of it. Yeah. I know. It is. So our city is called the Ashes Latin City. It's trying to make people know that we have that Spanish-cree-o language. Okay. Which is the Chavacano. Yeah, it's Chavacano. I also think there are a lot of Spanish words embedded in the Filipino languages. I'm saying languages because you know, Filipino is not just Tagalog. That it makes it way more easier for them to understand Spanish words. Right? It's crazy. So I'm going to give you a couple phrases. And John, I'm going to have you say it in Spanish. And Deer, I'm going to have you say it in South of China. Okay. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yes, Bien Bonita. Bien Bonita and Mohen. I'm even in Canta to hear K-pop. Yo, get a get a get a wee K-pop. It's so different. Wow. Cuantos años tiene usted. Is more formal or cuantos años tienes? Is it important? Okay. Cuanto año ya tú. Cuanto es su compleaños. Cuanto detuvo you compleaño? ¿Me llamé a mi teléfono? Lama a comigo en el diño teléfono. Oh wow. Cuatro de mis hermanos viven en las Filipinas. Cuatro del diño hermano está que da ahora en las Filipinas. Wow, es un día de un poco de challenge. El pelo de la mujer es bien larga. El pelo del mujer bien largo. Okay. Good man. ¿Pueses el video de suscribirse a Rai Squad? Numa olvida y subscribe canal rai Squad. Rai! So this is the first time that I've ever heard of Chavacano. I know the Philippines has a very heavy Spanish influence. I've heard some Tagalog phrases. I know some words are exactly the same, have the same meaning. But this being the first time I was super surprised by how similar it was. The Chavacano language is the only Spanish-grilled language in the Philippines. And that speaking to someone is the only way to communicate with them and understand them. It's just amazing for me. Oh no. Hey guys, that is it for my video. What do you guys think? Yeah, what do you guys think? Did you understand any of those words? Are there any people from Zambuanga who can actually also speak that language? Let me know in the comment section down below. Please subscribe to my channel, what's the Philippines and while you're at it, if you want to see some travel vlogs lifestyle, be doing some crazy stuff. Please subscribe to my channel, Nelly's Life as well. I always link them in the description box down below. If you're searching for it and also feel free to follow me on Instagram. I'm posting a little bit more behind the scenes of my life and connecting more with you guys. If you want to send me a message on Instagram, feel free to say hi. I'll see you guys next time here on... What's up Philippines? Bye bye. Bye bye.