 Wow! Plus video is like so much information. Lalalalalalala! What? This video drank too much coffee. Hello and welcome to... What's up Philippines? We are back with another reaction video and today we are going to be reacting to... The top universities in the Philippines. Oh, very interesting topic. Yes. Before we get into this, I'm Mike. And I'm Lily. Travel bloggers that were stranded in Chagal for the past three months but just recently got back home to our apartment in Macatis City. We travel around the Philippines, we travel around the world and we make food blogs, lifestyle blogs and of course travel blogs. Our main channel making it happen blog will pop up right here. And also we are on a huge mission to get one of these bad boys for this channel. Yes, we want to hit 100k by the time quarantine is over. So you guys can take a while. So you guys can support us by hitting that subscribe button right now, turning on the notifications and if you enjoyed this video, let's run, give it a thumbs up. Yes. Okay, university belt. Yes, you have top 10 universities. We actually made a blog, actually two blogs, right? One or two blogs at the university belt here in Manila. Yes. We went there with our friend Karsten from Besan Hila. A very fun blog if you want to check that one out, it'll pop up right here. But I actually do not know which universities exist in Manila in the Philippines, general. So this video should be quite interesting. Also one interesting fact that we didn't know, you can't just enter the universities. We tried to go to check some out at the university belt, but we were not allowed to enter. Which was very unfortunate, so because we wanted to see what it is like. I went to university quit my studies, became a YouTuber. Great. Oh, I'll be back in a second. Keep going. Keep going. Yeah, so I'll talk about that topic a little bit later on. But for me it was just interesting to see and compare universities in Austria and universities here in the Philippines. And we got awarded by the University of the East for best editing and best in cinematography. Yeah, that is for our main channel. Making it happen blog. Yeah. Alright. Amazing people, they huge shout out if you're watching this. So I'd say without further ado, shall we jump into this video? Let's jump. Oh, what? Another popular study abroad destination for international students in the Philippines, a country made up of more than 7,000 islands in Southeast Asia. The Philippines provides an affordable and quality education to more than 5,000 international students every year. Today there are 2,100 listed colleges and universities in the Philippines. Here's a ranking of 10 best universities in the Philippines. 50 in Austria. Do not miss our upcoming video notifications and subscribe to our channel and hit the bell icon. Oh, that's the newest university by the way. I want to be Japan. Originally named St. Louis School, it was founded by Reverend F.R. Serifin Devis in 1911 to provide education for 10 local boys. In 1963 it was granted university status under Dio Stato Macapagol's government becoming the first university north of Manila. St. Louis University is made up of 4 campuses that cover a total land area of 24 hectares tossing more than 40,000 students. It receives several centers of excellence ratings from Chad in accreditation from PAAS. Okay, hi, I'm on the second. Number 9. Baguio City. Yeah. Awesome. We love Baguio. We need to be like 3 or 4 times nothing. Do we have a playlist for Baguio? No, we have a playlist for our trip up north. All right, well, check out that. Our road trip through the north was epic. Very amazing. Yeah. Wop. University, Cagayan Dora. Cagayan Dora. Named in honor of the Jesuit missionary St. Francis Javier. It is a private Catholic university run by the Society of Jesus in CDO Northern Mindanao Philippines. It was established in 1933 as Adheneo de Cagayan and became the first institution in Mindanao to be granted university status in 1958. Okay. Took a long time. No, no. Mindanao State University, Illigin Institute of Technology. This public non-sectarian co-educational institution of higher education and research is located in Illigin City, MSUIT, was chartered in 1968 and integrated as the first autonomous unit of the MSU system. It is also recognized as the flagship and largest campus of all Mindanao State University campuses. It has multiple center of excellence recognitions from Chad and has several programs that received accredited status from the accrediting agency of chartered colleges and universities of the Philippines ASUS UT. Yeah. This video is like so much information. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. My mind is like smoke here. I want to say something. I want to say something to you. I want to say something to you. But I'm just trying to listen because you guys gave us the feedback that we should listen and stop and speak when we just love it. This video is like this. This video drank too much coffee. Okay. I need to cool down a little bit. Yes. Are you ready to continue? No, no, no, no, no, no. Number seven, Silliman University. Established in 1901, Silliman Institute, this private research university located in DumaGet was founded by the Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions and named it after the school's first donor, an American by the name of Dr. Horace Brinsmaid Silliman. It is recognized as the first American school in the Philippines in the entire Asian continent. It's one of only five universities in the Philippines with institutional accreditation by the Federation of Accrediting Agencies of the Philippines FAP and has the highest number of accredited programs in the country, 20 of which have level four status. Okay. Cool. Number six. Cool. University. Makhkuk. Makhkuk. Corally known as Makhkuk Institute of Technology, this non-sectarian research school has campuses in both Manila and Makadi. It was founded in 1925 and named after its founder Tomas Mapua, the country's first registered Filipino architect. This university is known for its engineering programs with currently seven engineering courses in IT recognized by Ched as Centres of E- Okay. That's something that we heard before. There are a lot of engineers from the Philippines all around the world. All around the world. Can't speak anymore. It's like one of the main, how do you say, work forces. Are really? Yeah. A lot of engineers. Comment down below if you are an engineer working overseas. Excellent. It's also the first Philippine and Southeast Asian educational institution to have a bet, a accreditation board for engineering and technology ink certification. Number five, University of San Carlos. The pride of Sebu, the University of San Carlos, is a private Catholic research university that was founded by Jesuit missionaries in 1935. I love it. It's one of the largest universities in Sebu City covering a total land area of 90 hectares combined from its five campuses. It consistently ranks among the top schools in the country and in Asia and is recognized by Ched for having the most number of center of excellence. So we watched a video from 1 to 3 Japan and we saw a lot of Japanese students studying in Sebu and the one place that they knew was Sebu. Remember? Yeah. And we wondered why and it's because of this university problem. I think it's foreign students studying there. Yeah. Must be highly recognized, do you say it like that? Recognized? University? Yeah. Very cool. It's in center of development in the Visman area. That's what we tried to go in. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Okay. That is very impressive. Yeah. Being one of the top 1000 universities worldwide is crazy, but also being founded. In 1611? Yeah, it's, it's wow. Crazy. Wow. That is a fact that I didn't know. Oh, wow. Wow. Oh, wow. Thank you. The top one. I think that's way. I think that's way. University of the Philippines, still. Thank you. I think that's way. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Good job. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. This is the first time I've been to Poles Engineering. My whole time. Thank you. This is the second time I meet now as a college student. Wow. Alright, didn't know. That was a lot of information in a very short time period. We need to let it sink in. They could have made it 20 minutes or so. We squeezed it into a animated video. Hania shrunk the video. So for me, it was quite interesting to see a few campuses. And I started in Lens in Austria. The new campus was a little bit sad to be very honest. It was very grey. The old one. The new one was built when I left when I quit my studies. But I like the one in Vienna. It looks super fancy. The new one and the traditional one. You're really cool. Let us know if you went to one of these universities. And we would also like to know. You experienced with it. Or if you're going to university right now. And if there are any differences. I just saw a few topics. What they teach at this university. But let us know what your experience was. We really enjoyed going to the university belt. It was a vibrant area. A lot of young people. A lot of smiling faces. So I still remember my time as a student. When we went on a break. And we were just hanging out and having a good time. A few beers or two. But yeah. That's an Austrian. It's an Austrian. Alright guys, if you enjoyed this video. Give it a thumbs up. If you would like to support us here on the channel. Hit the notification bell. And we will see you guys next time on WhatsApp Philippines. Alright. Always it sounds like. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye.