 Hello folks, it's still morning, 10.14am. We just stopped by the landbank here in San Antonio, speculating the shop we delivered today and then also it's payday for James. Excuse me. Sorry about that. It usually happens whenever I get hit the record button and start to talk. I got choked up. Scar tissue in my throat from my bypass surgery I had back in December of 2001. They jacked up my throat whenever they shoved that oxygen to whatever the thing down your throat and they jacked my throat up pretty bad because that hurt me worse than anything else when I woke up and for a couple of months afterwards and still now I'm doing this all the time now. I didn't do it before so I'm always getting something caught down there whether I drain from my sinuses or food I've eaten or something but any how. Sorry about all that. We're going to go that back road again which is behind the house and I've seen the house that's behind us on the other side has a blue roof so I'm going to see what our property looks like from the rear. Then I want to record it bringing guys along the way. This boat now was cemented now it's dirt so we're going to go down here and take you along with us as we drive slowly. We got some tricycles up here, double parked. Okay. See, here we go again. It's telling me to clean up. Well, I have to delete something here in a minute. I'm using Lady Jazz's phone. The shopper delivery we're expecting today is supposed to be my camera and the accessories whatever that may be. Yeah, here's the barren guy haul for barren guy Luna in San Antonio right there and we're turning left. There's the usual basketball court you see in the plaza at the barren guy haul here. Yeah, so yeah, so that's a good news so I have to get take that out and play with it and know how long I'm going to take me to figure the thing out before I start using it. Go from there then Lady Jazz can have her phone back and hopefully I'll have a handle or something to hold the phone with. If not, I'm going to try to use my selfie stick with my tricycle or whatever it's called. Right here, right baby? Yes, right there. Okay. I'm going to do directions and I am because only in the Philippines here because I'm always watching everything and everybody except the scenery and what's going on because I'm worried about cats and dogs and kids and people and tricycles and bikes and motorcycles and cars and just everything just coming out of nowhere all the time everywhere. So that's what my focus is on trying to drive safely. I know I'm holding a camera and driving but I'm only going like not very fast. I'm not even, I'm not even five kilometers. So two or three miles. Well, I don't know how many that breaks out to. Here's the breeze we're going to cross. Now to my left is the direction of San Francisco. And yeah, this is a beautiful view back here. It's one of the, when I clear some bamboo, all the other day we were here. See, these guys are laying rice on the road but the other day I kid you not. There was a dude laying in this lane that I'm in here a little bit further up the road but he was just laying there. That was his crossways and I thought he was a dead person but the longest time we were creeping up but then I saw his shake his foot a little bit and I was like, are you kidding me? He was like taking a nooner right in the right in the middle on the right lane here. I appear about the trees. Yeah, these guys are harvesting their rice. If there's a get past this thing here I'll show you. I mean when I said that nothing's got to sweep and they're just laying it out the dry. Okay, okay ladies, I'm trying to drive. So I need you up here sometimes, you know, my cold pilot, my friend, my camera person. So I'm going to stop him here. These are the guys over here doing the rice stuff. So you can see in the tractors as I creep because this is why I pooped. This is tricycle ahead of me. So anyway, yeah, look at the birds out there and there's harvesting and sometimes when they're done here they're going to start over back behind our house. I don't know if it's the same tractors or not but I've seen them back there before and they were building their house when we were back there. Look at the beautiful sand here and I kid you not. We're like probably a half kilometer of this road behind our house on the other side of the creek. There's gentlemen there doing something. So I just wanted the, I think the other day I said, I mentioned that we drove back here and I said I want to biddee out because it's beautiful back here. There's nothing but trees over here on this side. I'm not sure babe, I looked directly behind us this morning or yesterday and I saw the house with the blue roof. No, we have not. We have not babe. So yeah, it had a house with the blue roof, bright blue roof on it and it was up close. So it's to the right of the road that we're on now but I want to catch this view here. This is what I mean. The Philippines is a beautiful country. Beautiful country. That's why I get irritated when I see people throwing trash and besuhrer just throwing it down without even thinking about it on the ground. That's why I get irritated because this beauty and I'll keep saying it. Here's what that dude was laying here. Not here. Not there but he was right here laying in the road. It's crazy. Oh, this is how we're being so close. Yes, we're close. Probably up here to that little clearing up there to the right. I'm going slow again because they're trying to cycle. I think the blue house is up here on the right, babe. I saw that roof. Babe. The fence is roofed, right? Yes, okay. Okay. We're getting there. So they built this road up. You can see to the left down by the pavement where they had built it up. I don't know if that stones or cement or a mixture of both or bags. I don't know. It's hard to tell this distance but here's the year old, the 10. We're talking about over there that's, we'll sneak a peek through here. See if we can see our white house. I don't think so because the house with the blue roof, no, not yet. Maybe it's further back. Oh, it's, she can't drive. She's in the back seat as she should be holding baby skies. So I have no camera person. I just got passed by a dude on bicycle. That's okay. Not in the hurry. You got to look for the house with the blue roof, babe. No, no, no. What's, hang on. See that? Hang on. Hang on. No, I think this house was higher than that. We'll see. You may be right. I don't know. Who's behind us? No, no. That's the one standing still. I'm worried about this guy on the bike. So anyway, so I folks I'm trying to, trying to be a tour guide and a cameraman and the driver and a good man listening to my lady when she's talking. So one day we'll come back out here on a scooter or something. Excuse me. When I figure out my camera because it's supposed to come with a helmet mounted. Here baby, this house here, babe. The house there has the blue roof. So it's behind. The property is directly behind this place here. See the blue roof? See the blue roof? That's what I saw. I want to ask these people if they're on city water. Yes. Because right back there behind those trees, that's the field, but behind those trees is the creek and the trees and the bamboo stuff behind it. Although you can't see it. Is there people here? I want to ask if since we're here. I want to ask these people, what kind of wall? Similar, but I want to do it with concrete. I want to pause folks. Okay. All right. Well, we were getting ready to ask that there was no people, but then lady jazz saw the big water tank. So it's no city water. That means they pulled them from a well. And I'm asking because I don't like, you know, well water can be like a color. It's kind of a yellowish color and light brownish color sometimes. And then ours is that way. And it's just staying in our tub and jacuzzi. And it's just not clean. So we're going to go to the San Antonio water district place to see, okay, that's the end of the good road now. And next week and ask again about getting water out to our place, it told us before it was too far out away from the city line or something. But I want to talk again and see and just say, hey, you some Filipino ingenuity, man. You know, that just you can't just say, I'll know it's too far. No, what will it take to get the water there outside of the pipes? Yeah, you're going to run the pipes. Hell, I'll pay the pipes. You know what I'm saying? I'll pay the labor to dig the thing. If that's what it's going to take, if you're talking about water pressure, I got a pressure tank that's going to build once it gets there to put the pressure up to my house. So if I need to get another one, I can get another one. I mean, you know, I just want to get on the city waterwards cleaner because you know, when you try to wash white clothes, guess what? It turns yellow. So that's the issue we're dealing with now. And after I pursue that, and if there's a cost associated with it, then I'll also pursue some time of water distilling system to have all these little water stores. And if you can do that with well water and run it through the distilling system, whatever it is, and clean it up. We don't want to drink it, we just want it clean so we can wash in it and bathe in it. Take the caribou with the grass on it. Only some of them. Hey, buddy. Yeah, you got some grass on it's horn. Hey, buddy. There you go. Somebody's digging up the grass. Say anyway. So hold up. Look over there. Put my wind down, just do it this way. A little bit. I can't really see it. Anyway, just give you the view. Now, like I said, I'll probably run it back here one time on the scooter. I don't want to have to get a bigger scooter or something. Try to feel a little bit better. It's beautiful country. Let me share your head, buddy. There's goats. I'm still debating whether I want to get a couple of goats and just string them out in the yard. It's the goat poo. It's tiny, but I still don't want to step in it. Give EJ something to do. Give my children to do to move the goats every day. Water on it. What now? There's a guy coming. Everybody's always looking at me when they run around here. There's a tricycle guy. Look at that little man. Look at that little man. He's having a tricycle like a boss baby, like a gangster. That's going to be EJ and Sabrina and Skyler. They're going to learn a young age, be riding that thing around. There's somebody coming up behind me. I'm going to move over. Come to the courier. Hello. There's nothing but trees and grass on the right side of me here. Anyway, it's a nice little video driving the back of our home here. We'll do it better justice next time in the future on the scooter. We'll stop, look around, take a few steel photos. What's up, babe? Okay, you tell me when we get close to something. Black, marble, good thing. So where you want me to go? I don't miss some good views. You're in my love with the right side. You in my love booth. I'm sorry. Hold up. That's thinking. Well you said the view on the right side. That's nice. Yeah, there's our mountain. There's the orange and then we put the, there's the road highway. Yes, yes it is. We've been to the orange house. Yes, there's the big orange house, we drove ahead. We bought sand and cement hollow blocks and gravel and stuff from a place up here. But we never came this direction till the other day. We would come in for my highway. But here's the view over here. You recognize our mountains over there. And everything. So anyway, I don't know how much I miss when I was recording because she said, she's behind me. She said, oh, your own paws, you're not on play. So I don't know. All right. Maze, a little break in the scenery here, some corn maze. Anyway, we appreciate you guys coming along with us on our little ride. A little place to stop under the mango tree. Look out over the fields. This is it's size, some ice house, the tricycle, unfinished house. That's what an unfinished house looks like. It's built but not painted and stuff. Back on the road. Yeah, say again, I appreciate you guys coming on on our back road trip here. Nice little views. Get you off the beaten path sometimes. I'll show you the other side of San Antonio. Hello. Hi. I love the people of friendly. She wasn't smiling. I come home. I said, hello. This is my little goodbye. That's nice. Okay. Man, moving his goats. Hello, Paul. I missed you. Yeah. That's what I like. Yeah, see the building, the building, the cool bone. Yeah. Yeah. See? They raised it up high because I'm sure it floods you if that little creek area. Well, in the back when we clear that area about the creek, we'll build one high, high up like that, build a cool bone so we go back. Stop recording on me off the sudden. So again, I don't know what I missed. Nice tree there. Just some scenery. Going to track through the back road. I got a container watch where I'm going. I'm going to get caught going the wrong way. Speed up a little bit. Take a nice, slow scooter ride here someday. Once they get me a bigger scooter, man-sized scooter, not that little bitty thing. Lady Jazz has it. I can't, I look like a giant, I'll drive the giant on. Hello, Paul. He's walking that pump. Yeah, the bamboo bridge going here behind the electrical pole up high. That's how high that creek probably gets overflows when it floods back here. Okay, we stopped for a moment and cleared off some old videos with it need here. Because the phone was selling me, it was full. Look at that. I just stopped and looked to my left. Nice little creek. Got a little current going to it. Directly it crawls from it. People are growing stuff there. Got a little house. Got a little grammar bowl. A little pond area right there. Down there. All up to the house. I bet it floods though when it gets a lot of rain in the morning stuff. I like the little fence, bamboo fence. See? Simple lot folks. Simple lot. It's alright to be a little bitty. We've all come in, we've all seen it. It's alright to be a little bitty. Back to those I'm going to go ahead and leave you behind. Smoked to track down on this side of the right side right now. That's a little bit left. It's more modernish. Oldish. Oh, coming up to the seam int. Oh, now this is what we got this far before when we were coming in the opposite direction. They're member going down there and they're not turned around and they're drove back. You want to go up? Oops, it's easy. There to the left. We're breaking the scenery in the mountain. We've got a little more modern fence up here, little house back there. Another unfinished house, unfinished gate. Another side. We're going that way.kaya boob으니까 Fambu lipa. Oh, a lot of time, I had some houses in, some say hello to the bull. Okay, that was the last of the scenery. We had to clean the camera again and we're just back up here. We're closer to the highway now. And so I'm just going to close out the video. Once again, thank you for joining us on our back roads trip journey. Glad to have you come along. Alright, hope to see you next time. Please like, subscribe, share and comment. We're 808 subscribers. Still a ways to go for a thousand. Appreciate all you guys. There's the highway up here. Alright, childlike. Oh, one last bit, you. Here we go. I had to let the cool on cool on get around me or top down as they call it. The hole. The last bit of the scenery. We're coming up on the highway here. Oh, don't eat that coin. It might not going to be a happy camper. See the highway. What's that? Yeah. Okay, local corner bound. Ciao. Zenmoshlin'o'bound. Ciao.