 Dog just pissed on the floor. I f**ked him up with the floor. Oh! Oh! Not you. My f**king new socks are brought in the balloon festival. Good boy! God damn! I'm trying to feel it. Hello everybody! We are on our way to Baggyau. Baggyau City, the city of Pines, and today I'm joined with Nancy Lettard, Miss Tina Wells, and... Hey! Henry Edward! Okay, so right now we're having a pit stop. We're about four hours away from Baggyau. Yeah, we got up early at about 4am. So we can get to Baggyau early and enjoy the cold weather. Colder weather is not really super cold, but it's a nice nippy weather. It's going to be pretty good. So yeah, catch your baggyau guys. Merley! Merley! Merley! So we're trying to figure out how to get this contraption working. Henry has got the new DJI Osmo. Yeah boy! This is a self-balancing gyro camera. Look at me! Ah! I don't care how many sweaters I have. Oh my god! Oh my god! So while you feel the changes, you think you see when we can't have a panic to sweat? Oh my god right now I feel so suhaiish. I'm like I'm going to vomit because we're going up and down and the roller coaster is road. It's going to be a lot of fun. Yeah! I'm sorry, bye-bye. I'm going to pee. I'm going to pee. Oh, pee. I'm going to pee. How many? It's the same. I'll get you two. Thank you so much. Bye bye. I thought you're supposed to be cold. It's so super hot. It's so sweaty. The air is not working because we're going to pill all the time. But nine hours later, we're getting there. But I keep my knife in my side Okay, so right now we're in pit stop too. We're gonna head on to Baguio Yes, we're in Baguio now. Yeah, it's pretty cold and it's the air is fresher It's really awesome pine trees everywhere to fresh smell of pine So right now we're gonna head on to a fifties diner. This is the thing about Baguio Baguio is a lot of cheap food and I think that's primarily because it's near to all the farms and stuff around the locality But anyway the food is really cheap and Really really good and also as a friends birthday later, Mr. Marco Labyrinth got he is now turning 24 years old So we're gonna go visit him a little later Well not wait to the fifties diner to have some good food So on the best places here in Baguio to eat we've got our DJ Osmo right here Yeah, getting ready and we're meeting up with some stupid chat. We're meeting up with our brother. He's gonna meet us up here So another person on me Marley have to carry him. We don't have a leash My little friend a little friend All right, I'm gonna go to fifties But We just found out there's a big queue to Getting more like the 11th 37th We're seven people to seven people 140 God take longer to get the food and getting here look who's arrived. I love that new. Oh, yes Wow Haha So after this we're gonna head on to our hotel. What's your hotel called? Well, this is the thing about Baguio yeah, there's so many like be and be using bad breakfast in just amazing places There's so many here and they're so cheap I mean, I think our place is going for like one thousand two hundred. It's like crazy I'm excited to go I'm excited to check it out. We'll do a little house tour my man. Oh, yeah later You know, so yeah catch us no tell How does it feel being in baguio and see Leonard? Your turd time That's awesome. So yeah, we're just gonna go to the hotel now. Oh, is that the place for staying? No, but he doesn't know there's another car behind us Oh, this is really true. This So yeah, we're still trying to oh my god, there's children in the oh my god Anyway, yes, so we're still trying to find our way to a accommodation It's really like a roadway. It's really my sake. It's really tight Dude, that's pretty easy though because It's taking us so long to find this house I'm so tired now starting to crash What It's on it's a bug Get it See that I am The goddess of nature Basically, we're still trying to find the place It's so hard to find this place my god. We spend most of the day looking for the place That's only nearly three everything's in a tree. Everything's three We're still looking for the place We're looking for this house, but we think the woman sold the house and took our money the ghost house It doesn't exist That's why you should just get a fucking hotel on the main road Get a hotel on the main road real talk by matchy words do 1715 on the main road well, I'm for a blemma when you're here. It's hard to find a hotel Ready we do Yeah Taliluia we finally found it Some around here, but I know we definitely know it's around the area now there it is There we go there's the house So we finally made it here to the little house in baguio I'm absolutely exhausted No Oh my god, why? So tired what's the plan man? Can I go take videos outside? You're gonna take videos with me. Come on. I'm gonna take videos. You know you see me man. Let me go I just chill out for a second. I gotta save a battery. No you don't let me go dude