 Future Friday. The freshest. Christmas get together in the Philippines as you could expect they're very special. The full of video key. That's right. And actually has a familiar name and two unfamiliar names for us. It has John Madali Day, the amigo God. The amigo God indeed. And the Garrett Bolden and Josh Adornado. Adornado which means like he's be dazzled. Yeah. In Spanish. Josh be dazzled. Oh, it sounds amazing. You see, John is just so old people. Yeah. Yeah. Jesus. Stop. Oh, you stop this guy. It's so good. Jesus Christ. Oh, guys, come on. We're in the hill. You got K-pop playing in the back. Okay. No, this is just ridiculous. This is not even a vocal. This isn't even a vocal showdown. This is beyond that. This is like, this is like, okay, you know when you're experimenting with something. Right. And you have discovered like a brand new trick. Something like you are very good at. And then it's, but it's freshly new that you're still discovering ways to make it work. Yes. And then you're like, what this feels like. Yeah. Like, they're just so good at this song. And they've sung it so many times that it's so ingrained in their muscle memory that they can play with all the little nooks and crannies of the song and make it even more enriched. It's like taking store bought pizza and then putting extra toppings in there before he goes into the oven. Like, it's that great. And they managed to remain very musical. Great. You know, this isn't just vocal chops. This isn't just them showcasing. I'm a great singer. Like, they remain immensely musical. And he's complimentary to each other. So good. He's. Wow. Merry Christmas. This is your gift. I like him. I like him a lot. I didn't say last May, I believe it to speak. My favorite bit. Very full. That is literally on his range. So. Wow. I love him. Here's something cool, dude. So much personality. Wow. What is that? Actually, go back to that whole section. Go back to that whole section. Really, I hate you. Gridar managed to get her to沒有. Beautifuliche Nineteen. I thought they were gonna go the harmony is up but the... Oh what is he doing? This guy is not the Adornado guy cuz he is Doyle. Truly be dazzled. Whoa. He was just chatting, having a laugh? No more, can't this song be like seven minutes long? This is the best song, this is the best part of me. It's hard to personality, I'm joking. Totally, totally. I don't even know what he did. How did they do that? Big ass fucking. Well it's a mix. It's a mix for a setter. He actually introduced a little bit of chest pulling into the end of that belt and added a little bit more twang. So he made it sound bigger, he made it sound more fuller. But it's not a completely straight tone full setter. And if you see he's actually anchoring backwards throughout that whole of that section. And if you see a physicality, then if you were using a simple file setter, which is a straight tone, a straight stiff fold ability. Also the technique with the full setter is very breathy. So if you take away some of that breath that you're pushing through and you're anchoring a little bit towards the back, it makes a fuller sound so not the edges only of the folds are touching but more of like a half fold touch. So less air coming through the larynx for sure. This is stupid. It's just stupid, it's stupid. Yours was a fucking long ass neck. I actually like the fact that all three of them are bass tenors. So you got the really cool flexibility and range. But it's so rich in the lower octaves and it's so full of life. Towards that Chasty vocals that when you're seeing them do a ladder run like he just did now the guy white. He goes from the bottom of his range all the way up in cross racing up until he gets to that full set. And it's just so satisfying because he has so much control of that range that that flexibility in his larynx is. So he is Garrett Bolden. Okay, Garrett is a god and then Joshua Dornado is the guy wearing the white or the beige sort of top. Yeah, he is definitely be dazzled. Eight. I love how young sings as well, man, he's sick. It's just so satisfying. And they're joking about like this isn't even like this isn't even they're not even trying seriously like. Come on. That's fucking really the. It's phenomenal guys Christmas parties. This is this is what is that? Yeah, I promise next year I will I will get into some some Filipino video capabilities on karaoke parties. One thousand percent sneaking my way in but they're sneaking my way in by getting an invitation. I want to read it. People just walk know that I've maybe I changed my name. I even thought to think no, I don't have a Filipino name. I should have I should I should have a Filipino name. Yeah, but it's okay. They're not gonna see who I am up until I get it. You know, I was like I don't know you get out. I am. Yes. Okay. Yes, Adornado. Anyway, let us know what you guys thought about it and if any other videos that you would like us to review let us know in the comment section below and I'll be honest. And they're Christmas.