You're so happy to be here huh?
What's up amigos, it is Jon coming to you from Little Manila in Woodside, Queens.
Scene of one of my most popular vlogs ever.
Which got more than a quarter million views
After I first published it back in December.
And the number one complaint I got about that video.
Was that I showed the outside of this Jollibee
But I never actually went inside to try the food.
Well today we're going to be changing that.
And also stay tuned at the end of this vlog.
I am going to be announcing the winner
Of my one year anniversary give away.
And this time I brought along Adriana.
And it will be your first time trying Filipino food.
Are you excited?
I'm really excited.
And I think this place is so famous
That I can't wait.
You found my friend.
I'll do the two piece chicken joy.
Yeah yeah.
So for 17 dollars we got a ton of food.
I got some of the staples of Jollibee.
And we're going to try it all just for you guys.
Spaghetti with hot dog slices.
And cheese.
And then.
Fried chicken.
Rice.
And.
One spam slider.
One corn beef slider.
One crunchy chicken slider.
I don't know how to explain it.
But it's really good to  be fast food.
Alright taste test time.
Here we go.
It's interesting.
I think it's going to take some getting used to though.
To appreciate the sweet sauce
And the cheese.
Kind of a little strange to have hot dog slices in spaghetti.
But for 4 dollars I think it's a good deal.
Wow it's a lot of sauce.
And this is just one dollar.
That's not bad actually.
That's not bad at all for one dollar.
Alright.
Let's do it.
So you like fast food a lot more than I do.
It's a little bit salty in the beginning.
But with the bread it's perfect.
It's really good.
It's a little to much mayo.
But i'm willing to ignore that if the chicken is good.
Tell me it's good.
I think it's a good value.
And i'm not shocked that this place is so crowded
It's two o'clock right now on a Tuesday.
And you can barely get a table here.
When this place first opened a couple of years back.
The lines were out the door.
So clearly Jollibee is working in New York City.
Are you part Filipina?
Look at how much food this girl can eat.
Oh my god.
I'm telling you guys, this spaghetti is way way better than I expected.
Just like the last time I was in Little Manila.
The majority of patrons at these restaurants
Or fast food in this case
Are Filipino.
But if you're in New York and you're watching this right now.
Hit up this spot.
I'm not a fast food fan.
But Jollibee is not bad at all.
I'm stealing your spaghetti.
I guess this tells you all you need to know if I enjoyed this spaghetti or not.
There's like nothing left.
Nothing.
So this is the best fast food you've ever had in the United States?
So long Jollibee
And what was your favorite?
I think your spaghetti.
That was my favorite.
I hope a lot of my Filipino followers out there are happy
That I finally did come to Jollibee
I am going to be leaving a link in the description showing the original Little Manila video
If you're curious.
What all the hype is about.
But now i'm going to announce the winner
Of the backpack giveaway.
And believe me it was a tough decision.
As I had so many people leave cool and creative comments about what
They would do with a new outlander backpack
But I've decided
On IsItVainToSayImpretty
Who left a comment about traveling to Mexico
To learn spanish.
Using the backpack.
To help bring their gear to Spanish class.
And then giving away the backpack to one of my followers.
But i'll tell you what.
You can just give it someone in need in Mexico.
Who could really use it.
So check your private messages.
I am going to be sending you something about how to receive it.
Other than that the experience at Jollibee
Was awesome.
Again i'm not a fast food person
But if you are, come here
Before the Manhattan location opens
In the fall.
Because I gurantee you it is going to be an absolute circus there.
And just check out the rest of the Little Manila, Woodside Queens area if you're
really into food.
Definitley be sure to subscribe to Here Be Barr
If you haven't already.
I've got tons of travel vlogs coming out from New York City
And certainly hit that little bell notification
To get notified of all future videos.
Thanks a lot for watching, until next time.
My filipino followers are happy right now after I ate at Jollibee
If I scream maybe they'll hear me.
