 You Good afternoon folks. It's somewhere between 12.30 and 1 p.m. Monday afternoon. So I was laying down. Set that horse laying down. Somebody's laying down there. Somebody's laying down over there. Everybody's laying down. Taking a rest. Even though in the far field it'll be under. Somebody's laying down. Okay. Just a quick update. Today's date. What is today's date? 16 January. Yeah, 16 January here in the Philippines. Brother Jay's on his lunch break. James didn't work today. Yeah, he said he'd be here tomorrow. You see that little thing there? That rascal. I can't see it in the video. That little metal bar, the brown metal bar. Where it was out over there. I gave it to E.J. Erlin and told him to put it over there. Then I went in the house. I gave it to him here. And he probably got that far and dropped it. Either that or the kids came and started playing with it again. I teach him not to leave stuff like that laying around. Then we got that orange thing over there laying around. They're playing with it. So if I just don't want them to drop it wherever they are in the land. That's a task in of itself with the children. There's more over here. Again over there. So we got to do some stuff. I've slowed my roll. I'm not moving this fast. I was thinking before just trying to sit back in the joy life a little bit more. That I have to rush, rush, rush everything. We're making progress. However slow it may be. We're making progress. James came this morning. I saw him on the bike. He was going to take the day off and work tomorrow. I don't know why. We went over to the old house. I'll explain that in a minute. Right now we're still here. It's still dug there. Brother Jay, as you can see, put a little concrete. I asked him. They dug a really big hole. I said, no, I just want something small. Put some concrete blocks around it. The bottom will remain dirt. We're going to run the pipe into that little slot right over there. We've got to get some more of these. I think I need a total of five. They're like 500 or something. Pace those. That's what we're going to run. The drain is from the sink inside out. All that dirt here, we're going to pile up up under the kitchen window. I'll show you. Let them walk down. They've got to come over here and have Brother Jay fix this. This so we can clean this up. It's not looking like that. I get Brother Jay see in here to clean it outside of the CRN. We're going to have some people over here in a couple of weeks. It's a prince, a gippo, Tina, Tina's mom, Kristy, Tina's dad, Hooch. The folks I was neighbors with, Fran's with, and Tennessee. Okay, right down here. We're going to have him put that dirt. Once he covers this back up, most of it. Once he covers that back up, whatever left over dirt. We're going to just basically like right with that, yes. We're going to just pile it back up in here in this corner. Over here. And dry up that. You can see he's still got some water leaking out of there. I smell it. It doesn't smell very well. So I made the right decision. I just didn't do it soon enough to take care of that. Then we're going to start picking up all this stuff. So anyway, that's kind of where we're at now. The other thing I want him to do, I've told him once we're done here. Garbage burned when they burned stuff before. We're going to shovel that up. Shuffle this up. And there's another garbage pile in the front. Over there around the corner. We're going to shovel that up and dump it. Either in the burn pit there or the burn pit back over there. It's just burn up garbage and stuff. The decision was made. We talked about it over Lady Jazz and I. We read comments and some people have mentioned me directly. And stuff. And that's kind of what we're leaning to anyway. We're going to bring the dozer back. Many reasons for that. I do want to keep the fellas working James and brother Jay working. Brother Jay is getting ready to go Thursday evening to Manila and pick up his wife and son. He's been a few days there. He's going to bring his daughter and sister-in-law with him. Lian, young Lynn. This is your only going to miss a day of school. I see some just house family there. And then they're going to come back after a few days. I don't know if I want to have him decide to get if I'm going to keep James working. I may have him do that. Just have him when he does come back. This is the stuff I want to get up. You see that? We want to knock this out. Shuffle this up. These are all the rocks here. Rocks there. Rock stuff over there. I'm not worried about that. Not to what I'm going to shovel up some of that. This burnt pile there. Stuff like this. Shuffle it up. That one over there. Shuffle it up. And throw it into the boundary back by the dirty kitchen here. There's a lot of it left over here. Because I don't want the bulldozer to come in and start shoving this all over the yard. It's sand. It's got rocks in it. The dust kicks up. I want to get as much as this up as I can. We're going to wheelbarrow back there and finish filling that up. And this area too. Shuffle this up. It's got gravel, concrete rocks in here. Stuff. The sand. Otherwise, when he comes to level, he's just going to shovel it all over there. I really didn't want that. But anyway, so I'm going to have him level it. Basically, we do what he did over here. And obviously, they may still be a few lower levels, but it's going to get the biggest part done. And then during the rainy season, when I start seeing the puddles of water, I'll know where to start. Go to fill them up with dirt. Have more dirt come in. And then start filling it up in different places. The low area is gradually over time. This, like I said, this land is more low than this over here. This doesn't really, maybe a little bit here and there, but you know, we're going to get all that taken care of. So I said this is, and we're going to bring the doves with guide. So I said this is, and we're going to bring the doves with guide back. I got a reminder of the JC. I told him a small in the truck to have the guy come on Friday. We'll get him a heads up if he's available. If not, it'll be the following week. Now the givers time. And then I want to get these rocks up and fold these back there too. And the thing. And like I said over here, some part of my car, some of my concrete foundation. But we've got to get all that smooth out over there. All the garbage picked up. As I've heard me say that before. But again, it's this slow progress. Yeah, this morning we went over to the old house. Still trying to sell the house. That's a house I bought a year ago this month. It was rather small. My life was, actually I bought it two years ago. My man, I bought it two years ago this month. I didn't know Lady Jazz then. So I went through it and purchased it. And everything. So anyway, we're trying to sell it now. So we just need to fix it up. So we thought we had three buyers. But it turned out it was one buyer who was just working three different. Two different realtors. And a third party. Actually, the person that wants to buy the house is. Our Navy directly in front of our gate. Her daughter is there. So there's an offer there. She's going to talk it over with her husband, who's a merchant seaman. He's supposed to be back next week. I was hoping she could talk to him sooner. But maybe she can communicate with you sooner. And we'll see. There's just a certain price we're going to go through on the house. And I'm still losing money on it. I don't want to lose too much money. There's no profit in it for me. There's no breaking even in it for me. It's just the size of the house and what people are looking for. It's good for a couple, man, woman, couple. Probably Filipino because of the size of this. It's a Filipino, what I call a Filipino size house. Of a foreigner's generally don't want that type. I didn't mind it. Because I can see myself living it. And I did live in it for quite a while. And our foreigner has a doing a long distance relationship. Or whatever anybody doing a long distance relationship, they want a place for their lady to reside in. It's good for that. It's good for a single man. It's good for a single woman. Or just one of the type houses. It's ready to be moved in. Obviously it needs painting. There's a couple of things happening. But there's nothing major that needs to be done to the home. A lot of people buy it. And I put the house unfinished. And I put some money into it to get it live in ready. And that's what I mean by why I say I'm losing my money. I'm not going to get my money back. I'm going to break even. Unfortunately. But it's money that can be freed up for us to use on the house here. Pay it through that's off. And use on the house here. As needed. We'll see what's going on. That's what we were doing this morning. And that's when we thought we had three different buyers. But it turned out to be the same person who just worked through three different people. And it's just funny how it came in together. I was like, wow. We're in a wild now. Here anything now we got three off, three potential offers coming. And it turned out to be only one. So it was just kind of comical the way it happened. Okay. Anything changes? I'll add them to it. Ciao, bye. Good evening, Zumbales. San Antonio. Republic of the Philippines. Coming to your live as at the tape in anyway. It may be a day or two before it reaches your media. Okay. It's about 5.06 pm. Just a little daily video here of the property. See the cutscene? You hear the kids in the distance. He's going to the left with the basketball. Jajang, the red. Leann and the white and the other one in the pink is the brain now. Bye-bye. I think it's back to the Kubo. His day just finished up. Bye-bye J. Um, there's my beauty. She's a little rough around the edges but I gotta get her fixed up eventually once I stop. Spinning my hard-horns and tobos on the lupus and the... ...by-high. Beautiful evening. Lady Jazz just took a couple of photos there. The cloud with the mountain there. Where's the cows again? Here's what makes the world go round. Lady Jazz and Skyler Lerok. And the other young ones on the other side. Ta-da. Oh, for a minute, I thought he was breastfeeding. I was like, oh, she ain't shy. See any way, um... So we didn't do start any grouting today or doing any work here because James is not here. This is probably going to wait till J gets back. I don't know. We'll see. It takes several days, I don't know. Over here. Still the same. We picked up five pieces. Oh man, our friends at Blue Hardware, they wanted 500 and something pesos per pipe. So we went down to Ask Why Why and we got them for 290 pesos per pipe. So I don't know why there's such a huge difference in prices. They're only... They're less than the mile away apart from each other. Anyway, I also picked up that plastic screen because under that plastic screen is like a bar, a rebar. It's crisscrossed in a square shape form. The cover, the concrete drainage tank, whatever for the water from the inside. So anyway, we just got this. So that's why it has, you don't see it laid out and then they're covered up or anything. So, and then we took a ride. We went to the local Burangai here and brought another headquarters. And we went the back way. So I wanted to see what was on the other side of the back of our property and stuff. Just other homes, other farmland. Nice little pretty ride there. One day, someday I'll Vigio it. You can see J took up some of the dirt. We'll put it over here. Not yet here yet because we still got to do the elbow to pipe down and then run it that way. And then we got some over here. Excuse me. And he started shoveling up some of that pile of garbage. It's up there. It's pretty much gone over there. So it's back in the Burangai area where it belongs. And tomorrow when James is here, we're going to start on some of these other places up here. I pointed out earlier in the video today, I believe. I believe I did. So I'm going to put something up here. I want something up here. Decorative. And touch this up a little bit. That's why I love this place. Everything. There's always something to do here. Something that needs to do. You can see the difference between the week from when we cut the green grass to the brown grass. It's already growing. So I got to get it more soon. And before I do that, I got there's a lot of rocks and gravel and stuff. I don't know what to do with that. I'm going to have to this section here. Just cut it with a weed eater until I can get some money to get some dirt hauled in here and cover that up. It's just so much of that we just can't never get it up. Now, I want to hit it. It's going to screw up a lot more blade as well as shoot rocks out of the window and our house and our truck windows and truck and just mess it up. I've been there done that before in years past. So this is kind of the status of the day. I just wanted to give you a quick rundown. I'm hoping I'm not leaving anything out. Oh, converge. Yes, sir. You see, can you see two wires? One here and one up there. Converge finally, they came today. There were three fellas and they ran the cable all the way out from wherever they had it here to the house. There's only one area that I didn't like that they did, but I'll live with it for now. They did running up under the house. I'll take a pause this in a minute. Let me pause it now. Stand by, folks. Okay. They did see how you're running up under here and you clamped it in and running up under there. I appreciate that. It's not perfect, but hey, you did what I asked him to do and you ran it down here. Excuse me for that one I go. Yeah, there it is. I came in the top of the sliding door window. I'll show you the inside thing there. So they did that and they made that look okay. And let me show you what's next. Okay, I stand corrected. He did exactly what I asked him to do. The other wire was the one that went into the window. That was the PLDT right there. This guy hooked it up to the same place and then he just shot it straight down. Straight down and then he cut it over. And what we're going to do is the same thing we did in the white plastic we got from Ace Hardware and come back up here. Eventually I'm going to cover all those up that goes there and down here. This is what I was looking at. I was looking at that from inside the window. That's what I thought. Anyway, so yeah, he clamped it down pretty good. So we're going to cover all that up with the white stripping so that it looks a lot cleaner. At some point in the future, that's what we're going to do. I'm still see the kids like I told you the giant sand box. See the wood they stacked it and they put the little rocks on top of it and everything.