Hi guys, Assalamualaikum, I'm Zahra and I'm Suki 
and today we are going to 
react to Philippines 14 reasons  
the Philippines is different from the rest of 
the world yeah let's see it together let's see
 
 
 
 
 
Like in Morocco when we go to 
work mostly we speak in French so it's similar 
 
 
 
 I really like this kind of thing really 
 Because there are so many
Really?!
 
yeah it sounds crazy
 
 
really?? 
Here in Italy, I saw the church in the hospital
but I've never seen the church in a supermarket
so it's new for us
 
 
I really want to go there 
I think that um what I was  
trying to say?  I don't know! I was trying to say  
that your supermarkets are like a city 
 
 
A day???
we don't text much
yeah so for me it's really impressive 
 
 Why do you like to text so much? 
I want to know, I'm curious.
 
 
 
 
 
When you see something like this you think it's for tourism, but 
in reality, it's regular transportation in the Philippines. 
wow, look at this!! it's God bless,  I really like it!  
if we go to the Philippines, I will take it. It's like a taxi for you. 
 
But it's cool anyway 
we should hurry up yeah 
 
 
 
 
Really??
 
 
 
 
I didn't know! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Yeah, you told us this guys!
you told us in the comments that there
are a lot of filipinos in Milan yeah
 
 
 
 
 
But it's also beautiful
because it's beautiful so of course tourists 
will go there, me too
tourism is really important  
for the economy of a state  yeah 
 I also think... 
today I'm talking an alien language
 Is still impressive
 
 
 
 yeah like we saw  
 in the video of geography now Philippines 
they said that the Philippines was dominated by  
Spanish for that the majority are Christians  
 
 
 
 
 
 
So beautiful! 
 
I think because you guys are a mix of Spanish people, American people  
and Filipino people so I think 
always that the mix makes beauty 
 
 
 okay good 
yeah, I would like to!
 
 I like this video really yeah me 
too and I think the most impressive  
thing for me was the supermarket  
yeah, the church in the supermarket everywhere yeah 
but also they have not just church but they have  
everything in the supermarket so it's impressive 
and I really want to go to visit this supermarket  
and also the transportation yeah I can't remember the name but  
I want to try also that and for me it 
was also impressive the texting, yeah  
maybe because we don't 
like to text much so for us it's "ahhhhh"
 I like everything so far, I want also 
to go here how it's called I can't remember  
I would like to see all these places
today we learned a lot about the Philippines really, yeah 
these 14 reasons are really really great yeah  
really unique! thank you for who recommended this 
video! it's so informative and so good
thank you for watching our video and 
see you in the next video goodbye
you
