Hey guys good morning
This is for Halloween, Trick or treat
How are you?
let's wait for the others
wait, my phone is still on
I'll decrease the volume
hello guys, how are you? Let's wait for the others to join here in our Youtube live session
before anything else,
Blessed Holy Monday to you all
wherever you are
for those who don't know me, I'm Vanjo Merano from PanlasangPinoy.com
and this is our 2nd youtube live session. Yes were live right now
actually I can see your the messages guys but... I need to read it. The letters are too small because the laptop screen is far away from me
sorry if I lean too near
let's greet Adrian, Daymard, Louie,
Kristina
wait, it's too many
I'm here to say hi
we usually use facebook live but today let's use youtube live
let's try this one
if you haven't watch our first youtube live, I think it was last year. I used my cellphone there so it's not that clear
so Panlasang Pinoy is based in Chicago
but don't worry all the ingredients are available here as you can see in my videos
that's all.. And today we'll cook, since it's Holy Week, so we'll cook, I'll remove my specs first
we'll cook Sauted Sardines with Egg
it's very simple
Since it's Holy Monday, Lent season. We're avoiding meat or any good food
usually we just cook fish and vegetables
I know some of you do not follow that tradition, it's alright. It depends on your belief.
excuse me, I was about to sneeze
kidding aside
I guess some of you are in vacation
how are you? Where are you spending your vacation?
someone is requesting Bicol Express from Wondered Music
let's prepare the things for cooking first
tell me a story while I do this. Tell me where are you spending your vacation,
please mention where are you located, first
I did already an ice breaker
I'm here are Chicago right now and it's Holy week here, actually the whole world is in Holy Week
but you can't feel the Holy week in America because we still have work
right now is morning, 6:42am
it's breakfast but after this, I'll go to my office to work
post here in our chat, where are you located?, say your greetings
then I'll capture a screenshot of those
I'll make a separate video for it
I'll prepare the ingredients. I don't have complete utensils so I'll just use alternatives to crush the garlic
in crushing the garlic, you can just use the bottom part of the knife handle
chop it. It's alright even if it isn't finely chopped so we can start cooking
I wasn't able to prepare these earlier
alright. And then the onion
alright. So onion, garlic and tomato. Those are the ingredients we need
I think I need to wear my glasses
by the way, this mask is connected to my eyeglasses. I had a surprise party yesterday
actually it's my birthday next week, March 31st
the surprise party looks like Halloween party because they all wore this mask, so trick or treat guys
I can really feel my age. The age where life starts, I know you know that
I'm not used to wearing glasses but nevermind. So I can read your comments
thank you for your greetings. Thank you thank you
I keep on telling stories
I know some of you are waiting for the recipe so,
let's do this. I'm peeling it faster so we can finish it soon
set aside
I'm peeling the onion. Sardines is a simple dish. Who among of you are eating Sardines?
for simple people like me, there you go Sardines
let's remove all the trash
it's difficult to cook when it's messy so I make sure the place is neat
there are more onion skins here, I'm rushing too much
alright
let's slice this quickly
while waiting for the others to join
If you haven't subscribe yet, please subscribe to our PanlasangPinoy Youtube channel
we're almost there to reach 1 million so thank you very much
we are increasing the subscription little by little. But every subscription is highly appreciated. I'm really thankful for it
for those who haven't subscribe yet, I'm not sure if you're required to subscribe in order to view the live video. But I don't think it's required.
so for those who are watching that haven't subscribe yet, please support us by subscribing to PanlasangPinoy. So we can promote  this
so this is done.
I'll set this aside and I need to move faster
then tomatoes
the knife is not very sharp. Let's just dice this quickly
and put it here
so guys, it's Monday. Visita Iglesia, when is it? Is it on Thrursday? Is it correct?
for our Catholic friends out there. As far as I remember, I think it's Thursday
visiting 7 churches, right?
that's what I am anticipating here in America. Although it's not holiday, we still manage to go for Visita Iglesia
we still practice the tradition of Catholics together with the other Filipinos. It's a good experience
and the "pabasa", "pasyon"
have you ever tried that?
I'm not sure if the millenials are still aware of that. But I think they still are aware
wait let me clear this one
let me transfer to a plate so it's neat
my chopping board is huge
they're all together here, forgive me guys
I'm not able to separate them like what I usually do in my other videos because were on live
I'll just wipe this
ok let's go back to our regular program
we'll cook sardines, I have here my stove
let's heat it up
and then
let's add oil while heating as usual
so let's go back to our topic "pabasa"
because back in Las Pinas, who's from Las Pinas?
as if I can see who's raising their hands
I can from a place where it's happy
because the name of the place is calle Happyville
it's a subdivision located in Las Pinas. Who are from Happyville?
I cannot see who
every "Semana Santa" I remember the "pasyon" in our church there
the home owners gathers together to do "pabasa"
there's someone making "salabat" and sharing food
and singing "..nung si Hudas ay.." something like that
I'm not sure if they still practice it there. But here in America, maybe in other states they practice it
so far, I haven't seen one yet here
for those living at U.S., do you know if there's "pasyon" around here?
that's what I miss in the Philippines. That's why it's better to celebrate Holy Week in the Philippines
heat up the pan
I'm just entertaining you guys. It took me a while to prepare the ingredients but Sauted Sardines with Egg is very quick to cook
for those who are watching, it's still morning here
I'm going to open the window. The sun is rising
let's put it altogether, see how quick I chopped these earlier
let's add them all at once. It doesn't matter if one by one or all at once
we're sauteing the tomato, garlic and onion
I need a spatula, wait I'll get one
I'm not prepared doing this live, it just came to my mind
do you think it's good to have a live every week? Telling stories while cooking?
while sauteing the tomato, onion and garlic,
here's our sardines. Some of you may ask what brand
I have my favorite brand but it's a secret for now. Use your favorite brand for now
nothing beats the one you already used to
I guess there are many people who are going to cook sardines
especially for those who are at home.What time is it in the Philippines?
7, correct? Or is it 8am in the Philippines?
and it's a Holy Monday, it's a holiday, no work
I bet there are people who are at the beach
I'm not sure if you're going to cook something like this when you're on your vacation
for those who are grilling BBQs and having their "pulutan", invite me please
I'm just sauteing and making it sure that the tomato and onion are soft
we're going to beat the eggs
but that's a nicer way of saying it
we're are wholesome here
let's do this one by one
I'm removing my specs, I'm Parkin no more (LOL)
alright, egg... one, two, whoah!, three
guys we have 3 eggs
3 eggs and  2 cans of sardines. You may do it 1 can is to 1 egg. I just want more eggs, let's beat the eggs
while beating the eggs, I'll move near to the computer so I can read your messages
Happy Birthday from Hero Nebol (Sorry), Aaron, Anthony Bordain (Wow, I'm not worthy but thank you for your suggestion, that's a good suggestion)
Hi JR, Hi Rowena, Hi Kristen, Shoutout Christian, Ian Hello
who else? Wait, there's a lot
Hi BJ, Hi Bellcross, Hi Rusan, Rowena, Roy, Yelin, Victoria, See I'm beating the eggs and keeps on talking
umm.. wow I was flooded with comments. I can't catch up
there you go
our sauted sardines might burn, let me mix it
this is just right
Sardines with egg is really good for breakfast plus garlic rice with so much garlic, yummy!
alright
here goes the 2 cans of sardines
they're collaborating with each other, that's good
mix right away
turn the heat, this is a portable oven
this is what I use in camping. It's very convenient. It just uses propane
mix it because the pan is hot and if you did not mix right away, the sauce will splatter out, do you want that to happen?
that smells good but it's yummy
sardines has fowl smell but why do I like it because it's so delicious
I'm using sardines in tomato sauce, see?
here I'll show you. Sardines in tomato sauce, spicy, so there's no need to add chili
but for thos who wants spicier, you're welcome to add chili
alright, so while simmering, I'll go back there and do some shoutouts
so, it's Wazzap, F Palabok, yes palabok takes long time to cook in live but we do have that recipe at Panlasang Pinoy
here we go again, it's so fast. Hi Erica!
Hi Easter! I noticed you post because it's highlighted
Hi Jay
Hi Diana Ortiz
Jovani,
Christian Divino, Charmaine, Hi guys!
there there it's simmering, so..
what we can do is season it with salt and ground black pepper, there you go and we can add the eggs, it's up to you
here's the salt, not too much. Let's add enough amount
mix it and then, is it appetizing? I know you've been waiting for it
so we're talking about "pabasa" and "pasyon". There are a lot of food served in "pabasa"
I sometimes do not celebrate it as Holy Week because I'm going there because of the food
but gathering and helping together is good for the community
those are my experience in "pasyon" and "pabasa"
In Holy Week, the most important day is the Easter Sunday
Monday to Saturday are the days where we should reflect within ourselves
"nagninilay-nilay" or reflect
Easter Sunday is festive day
it should be the day where we give it all out
we usually set a feast in Easter Sunday grander than Christmas
Easter Sunday is the day of resurrection, that's more important
that's why I'm trying to cook all the best dishes
I'm planning to do a Facebook live on Sunday but the live would take a very long time because I'll cook a lot of dishes, you might get bored
By the way about the egg, I keep on talking about other things, I forgot to tell you about the egg,
when egg was added, it will solidify. We'll do it like a scramble egg but do not scramble it too much
push it inwards so we don't ruin it
this looks better if we don't let the egg coagulate too much so it wouldn't look like omelet
but it still depends on you preference. I respect if you prefer it the other way
different people have different preferences. I'm just sharing how I would do it like what I do in my other videos
I'm sure some of you are better than me, I'm just a mere cook here
but if you have sugestions and recommendations, post your comments so we can help our fellowmen how to cook
if we only base on my methods, but if you have a better suggestion, then let's go for that
so we can share it to other people, use me as you medium
so we can help other people, Panlasang Pinoy is just here. This is not for me
this is for everyone that's the reason why I made a vlog and channel
and you pushed me to do this, that's why you can now see my face in the video
they had enough of my hands, see these hands?
sardines is done, let's turn off the heat. It smells sardine here in my kitchen
mmm~ fragrant
this is a very simple dish
the appearance is not that good,
but if we eat this, it's so delicious
this is sardines, yeah
let's transfer here
see, it's that fast
and then, here you go guys
there you go
let's set this aside
here's our sardines, see how good it is
it's a Holy Monday, you know what? This is like dried fish because it might look simple and cheap but it's definitely delicious and we crave for it
I want to have a taste of it, it's still hot and I need a spoon
what else can we talk about? This is my breakfast. It's a perfect to match with garlic rice
and "pandesal". Filipinos out there can just go to a nearby bakery and buy some pandesal. You guys are so lucky
here, you need to make your own "pandesal" if there isn't a nearby store
but that's how life is
"pandesal" or tasty will do
umm what else
pair this with garlic rice, that's awesome
let's do shoutout
coffee
if you have watched my vlog, you'll see our routine. Waking up at 5am, but today is sem break.. I mean spring break
the kids don't have school, so I have time to relax. I woke up a bit late
let's shoutout, I already have missed a lot of posts
alright
I can't see it clearly... because of you brother Vanjo, my husband is eating Pinoy food, wow! Sheshe
that's good to know. I'm glad he like it
hi to my baby Fiana, hi Fiana, hello!
still hot
because of you my carrot cake passed the certification, wow! who's that? It's Kid.. I'm sorry Kid. I know you know it. Kidoin something. Good job man, good job
Sharmaine, eat well. Thank you Sharmaine!
Yes Inday, this is delicous. Let's eat. but it's hot
mmm~ delicious
why the sardines can says it spicy but it's not
but it's alright
do you have questions or stories you want to tell?
let's read it one by one. So we can all enjoy
Hi Viewra.. Viewra spear
pardon me for my speech. Staying for a long period of time here in America affects my speech
I sometimes noticed it in my videos, when I say the ingredient, I might sound ridiculous (who's this ridiculous guy?) That's me so..
Sorry about that. I'm trying my best to fix my diction. I'm trying to go back how I say the words back when I was in Philippines
I think it's coming back to me, do you agree with me?
do you like it? of course. let's be honest. I can quickly adjust
I have that twang twang
but now, it's ok. It's coming back to me. I'm still practicing it
hmm looks like no one's asking
Thank you Aini, I'm good at Tagalog. Thank you thank you
shoutout to Ian Tabat
to Jessa, you want me to deliver this Sardines to Belgium? I think that's difficult. I can send you the sardines, no, I mean the recipe and you cook it
it's very easy. Let's eat
I copied almost all of you recipes, wow, thank you
hi S9 gaming
I think that's a gaming channel, cool!
who else? Who among of you has a Youtube channel?
do you have your youtube channel? umm
where do you live? Do you have Youtube cooking channel? Are you in Chicago or anywhere nearby?
another thing I want to do is to collaborate with the other youtubers nearby my place
if you have any idea, just let me know. Just message me in my channel
and we'll see what we can do
and one more thing, as what I have said in my videos, I'm excited to go back to Philippines on June
see you guys in Metro Manila area
we'll stroll around there
we're going to meet the Panlasang Pinoy people, in the facebook group
I'm going to meet a group of people. Just in case guys, I'll let you know if I'm going to have a live post, or I'm going to post in our Facebook page
so you're updated where we are. For those who want to meet and greet. Of course I want to meet you in person so I can thank you personally
it's still hot
it's sunny, you can see the reflection, I look like a cyborg
the sun is rising here
guys, thank you for watching this video
see you again next week. Thank you guys
for those who wants shoutout, just post your messages. We'll scan it. Sorry I can't catch up because there's too many of you
ok so, thank you thank you, see you next time
keep on cooking, thank you for the support and please don't forget to subscribe to our youtube channel, alright thank you
