Check the video description for the complete recipe written in English.
hey guys, I'm Vanjo Merano of PanlasangPinoy.com
and today I'm with my eldest to join as we cook
hello, we're gonna cook Pork Menudo, please join us
we're going to cook Pork Menudo for Christmas. Here are the ingredients:
pork shoulder
pork liver
potato
hotdogs
tomato sauce
carrot
raisins
dried bay leaves
soysauce
ground ginger
onion
garlic
and Knorr Pork cube
aside from these, we also need: water, cooking oil, salt and ground black pepper
and guys, here is the complete list of ingredients with their measurements
if you're ready, let's start
first, prepare the potato and carrots
by pan frying
pre heat pan with cooking oil
Diane, can you help me add cooking oil here?
Sure
add more, there you go
make sure to distribute the oil, ok?
this is already hot, it's now time to pan fry. Add the carrots first
you may add the potato right away
pan fry for 2-3 min.
we're doing this to have good texture
notice, all sides are almost light brown
continue cooking until all side are really light brown
that's ready Diane, so transfer to a clean plate here
please hold the plate for me?
let's tansfer it here
very simple. Pan fry the vegetables if you have extra time but you don't, you can directly cook it without frying
set aside the vegetables
let's now prepare the liver
we'll fry this first to remove the gamey taste. I know some of you don't eat liver
saute the liver in ginger
are you ready Diane?
Ready
ok good, can you please add cooking oil
proceed with the step
that's enough
then swirl, up and down, ok. Go round and round
wait for it to heat up
then we'll add the liver then the ground ginger
if ground or powder ginger is not available, you may use fresh ginger. Do not add to much so it wouldn't be over powering
the cooking oil is now hot, Diane please add the liver
once added, please stir immediately
stir well
while stirring, I'll add the ground ginger
add the ground ginger after the liver. But if it's fresh ginger, add the fresh ginger before the liver
this procedure is quick, 2 min. is enough
after pan frying the liver, set it aside. Then let's proceed to cooking menudo
after preparing the potato, carrot and liver, let's proceed with cooking the menudo
pre heat cooking pot. Diane, please add cooking oil
we'll saute the onion and garlic. Ok that's enough. Thank you
let the cooking oil heat up
once hot, add the garlic and onion
it's ready, we can now add the garlic
ok Diane, we'll just saute the garlic. Please put everything
let nothing be put to waste
stir well to avoid burning
while it's turning brown, you may now add the onion
the browning of garlic will slow down because the temperature went down due to the onion
stir the onion with garlic
cook until onion is soft
it's important to stir contiuously if you're on high heat to avoid burning or lower down the heat
it's important to make sure it's evenly cooked
now that the onion is cooked, add the pork
ok Diane, let me help you add the pork
saute until outer part is light brown, ok?
stir fry all the ingredients well
it's important to teach our kids how to cook their favorite dish, right?
so they are able to cook on their own, like my Diane, she's in college now
ok, then the hotdog. One more
yeah!
while cooking the hotdog, add the fried pork liver
the gamey taste is lessen. This will also add flavor to our menudo
Diane, please add soy sauce
here goes the soy sauce
next is tomato sauce
small can 8oz. of tomato sauce only
the stir
alright
no need to stir very well because we'll add water
mix the tomato sauce with water
then scrape the sides. Make sure to take the onion, garlic on the sides to extract the flavor, that's very important
and to make our pot presentable
now, let it simmer
it's now simmering. Let's add Knorr pork cube
this is very helpful because it makes our dish have rich pork flavor
especially in pork menudo, one of my favorite dishes
I always use this ingredient. Diane, please stir
see? It's very simple. The liquid is simmering. That means the tomato sauce mixture with Knorr pork cube, is surely mouthwatering
I prefer a sweet pork menudo
instead of sugar, We'll add raisins
here it goes
to make this aromatic and flavorful, add dried bay leaves
we're almost done. So Diane, let's cover the pot. Let me take the cover
cover the pot.
continue to cook until pork is tender
about 40-60 min. depending on the pork quality
at this point, the pork is tender
remove the cover
put the pan fried potato and carrot
Diane please add in here, please
alright
stir please
since the carrot and potato is already cooked. We'll cook it here for a shorter period of time
while mixing, add ground black pepper
add salt and ground black pepper
and salt
then stir well please
make sure to stir well. Then cook for 2-3 min.
then transfer to the prepared serving plate
it's ready
ok good
then let's serve
guys, thank you for watching
I hope we gave you an idea on how to make your noche buena more delicious
if you're looking for tried and tested recipes, I'm inviting you to visit panlasangpinoy.com
please subscribe to our panlasang pinoy youtube channel
to receive notifications for new posted videos
here's our Filipino Pork Menudo
come let's eat
