Whatchu doing in my bathroom?
Oh thats right, I put you there
Well since you're here, i'm just gon' tell you that, this video is sponsored by BLACKPINK AMINO
Hold up, hold up, for a second
I got toothpaste --
But, wait
There's a giveaway happening
So they are hosting a big VAPP BLACKPINK channel plus subscription giveaway
There will be 8 winners chosen
and all the rules are in the post, so go get BLACKPINK Amino and check out that giveaway
Because
It's a pretty good giveaway. Like in every Amino app, this one is dedicated to BLACKPINK.
So download the app just to find out how BLINKS are streaming the music video
Where to vote for the group, you know information, important information to have BLACKPINK get that win
Also, they posts of things like what you miss in the music video or just memes, because who doesn't like memes?
BLACKPINK news, streaming information, fan projects,
Basically, um
Anything related to BLACKPINK info
I'm also on there, so please follow me
So all the links .. that you need to know are in the description down below
and yeah
Let's get into this music video shall we? Let's begin
Yo
Literally just woke up
It's 5:05am
BLACKPINK just came out
As you can see from the title down below
"As If It Was Your Last"
I'm so tired right now, but I'm so woke
"As If It's Your Last"
BLACKPINK
Let's go
Let's get it
I can't wait, I already see the teasers
Beat was so poppin'!
Let's go
Let's get it, come on
And the chorus because I heard the teaser and uh
Yeah, the MV looks so aesthetic, and so flashy, and cars, and y'all,anyways, let's go
Rosé
Jennie
Jisoo
Lisa
Lisa with that new hair doe
Oh my god
Just woke up
Jennie doe
Oh my God
Jisoo
Oh, shit
Oh those are like, two magnets
With the hearts
That new hair though
Linking up all the time
Linking up, chain up
Rosé's voice though
Oh y'all this is giving me feels
Like
It reminds me
Okay, Lisa!
Yo' , they did the little--little--like
Yo
Right?!
What?!
X'S and O'--monie, what? okay
Okay La-Lee-- Lisa got the
Always killing that verse
I mean Jisoo of course
This not that even appropriate dance -- dance like...
And of course Rosé
And now Jennie
Yo Lisa
You know, straight up body rolling
I love her new hair though
Just like the dark brown
Yo, it ju--i'll talk about it later but,
That breakdown chorus
They look so beautiful as always
i don't even know what the hell i'm doing anymore
This breakdown
This breakdown got me in the feels yo
I-I don't want to compare, but I'm gonna, maybe it's just too early for me
Why-- I'm-- T.O.P.
Hi T.O.P.
That breakdown remind me
of another girl group, you know who it is
It's just that whole, i don't know if it's a
Cause of a girl group
And it's YG, it's a girl group from YG
It just sounds like that breakdown that YG breakdown, and I'm just going to say it
That sound remind me of 2NE1
That--that chorus breakdown
And that's why it just got me. I know it's BLACKPINK and everything
And I love BLACKPINK
And I like the song and the music video was poppin, you did especially at one point when I was just like in the hall
In that tunnel it was just like you know LED lights like different designs with a car obviously
Lisa's part killed.  I think it's just too early right? I just literally woke up in it. i'm just in my feels
Like for like the reason, I don't know I've been having like I don't know some
Kpop related dreams recently and I usually don't have it like with KPOP idols and
That's been a-- that's been a verse for a while,  it's been happening like consistently,
and I don't know if i'm in my feels. I don't know if this is change of weather. I don't know maybe it's
I'm a straight mess right now
I got KCON to come up too,
It's gonna be POPPIN
I'm gonna meet all you guys, new hats and everything are coming out
JREAMER hats are coming out
Yo' .. so much is happening right now
It's so much in the feels is happening , you know you know that breakdown
It's just, i know it's not, it's not 2NE1
It's BLACKPINK and it's that YG feel
But when they broke that down I felt like some
I don't know like
Maybe I just wanted to hear like part that Park Bom sound
You know, Park Bom's voice during the chorus
I don't know
I'm just
I'm just messed up right now
I'm just saying, i don't want this comparison that offend anybody,
but that's just what I heard when I first
*sigh*
I love BLACKPINK, BLACKPINK is whats up
Lisa KILLED  that verse yooo'
Right?
Yo, I--
Put a comment down below what you guys think
New BLACKPINK song
New music video, it's just dropped
I don't know when this videos gonna come out, but yeah
Thank you guys for watching like this video share this video
and subscribe, it's yo' boy J.R.E from J.R.E.K.M.L
Love you all my sexy, beautiful people, love you
All my dreamers.
Yes, what's good my dreamers?
Dream, believe, do, repeat.
Again, new hat's on sale at KCON
And uh, it'll be on sale online
a week after KCON
So those, who are not going to KCON can buy it after that
JREAMER hats
They got the Miami blue and uh
and the clean black and white JREAMER
If you have a dream out there put some hard work into it might just come true
Alright y'all
Put that hard work alright?
I'm sorry, if I'm in my like feels
Just right, right when i woke up
I guess, I don't know
but see you guys at Kcon
Yeah
Alright y'all, thank you guys for watching
Bye for now
Hey! You better subscribe
