Welcome to Panlasang Pinoy. I'm Vanjo Merano
Did you know? I really love grilling especially on summers?
what I love the most is the grilled pork
do you love it too?
today we'll grill a very delicious and flavorful version of grill pork
it's called Easy Liempo Inihaw (Easy Grilled Pork Belly)
here are the ingredients for this recipe
"liempo" or pork belly
garlic, crushed
soy sauce
banana ketchup or banana sauce
lemon or calamansi
ground black pepper
Knorr SavoRich Pork Liquid Seasoning
here's the complete list of ingredients with their respective measurements
are you ready? Come, let's start
this is very simple
combine the pork belly with the marinating ingredients
here goes the garlic
I crushed this using mortar and pestle
ground black pepper, you may use white ground pepper
I squeezed out the lemon juice and put it in this bowl. You may use 3 pcs of calamansi
"toyo" or soysauce
banana ketchup or banana sauce, to add color and sweetness to our dish
these are the basic marinating ingredients for our pork belly
to make it more delicious and richer pork flavor, add Knorr SavoRich Pork Liquid Seasoning
this really helps to make our dish flavorful and another good thing is it hastens the marinating time
mix very well all the ingredients in our bowl
it's better to use a large bowl
once we're done mixing, let's wait and marinate it
in a regular marinade, I usually suggest a minimun of 3 hours. But in this case 30 minutes would be enough
while marinating, let's prepare the basting sauce
this is the sauce we'll brush when grilling
add soysauce, (it's almost same ingredients) ketchup
same banana ketchup
and this is the half of the lemon. Don't put here everything. Just a bit of it would be ok
if calamansi, use 1 pc only. And cooking oil for the pork's texture
mix well
use a teaspoon, once it's mixed well, set aside
preheat the griller
here's the pork belly, it's ready to grill
we can use any type of grill for our pork belly
usually we use charcoal grill. You may also use gas grill
but if you're like me who's eager to grill pork but cannot do it because it's raining outside. You may use infrared grill like this
place all the pork belly in the griller
then brush with basting sauce right away
it's already marinated but brushing with basting sauce would help a lot
I flip the pork belly every now and then
so after 3 min of grilling, I'm flipping this right away
then apply basting sauce again
if we grill it more that 3 min, there's a tendency for it to burn and dry out
it's simple but we need to keep an eye on our pork belly
so after 3 min, flip it again
continue the step until the pork belly is cooked
how do you know if it's already cooked? If it's brownish in color and has grill marks like this
brush the basting sauce on the pork for the last time
grill the last side and it's ready
get ready with the big plate and transfer the first batch of grilled pork belly
we still have second batch
set aside these. Once all are trasnferred in the plate, let's grill the 2nd batch. We'll do the same thing. Same procedure, every 3 min flip and apply basting sauce
it's better to use basting brush
our pork belly is ready. We can serve it like this or we can slice this
let's slice it first
it's up to you how you want to slice yours but I'll show you the very simple way to slice the pork belly
slice lengthwise into serving pieces
make it bite size
repeat the procedure with the other pork belly, then we can serve it with a spicy vinegar or with "atsara"
but vinegar only is already enough for me
just make sure you already steamed the rice because I'm sure a lot of rice will be consumed because of the grilled pork belly
our pork belly is ready
just for you, Easy Grilled Pork Belly
come let's eat
here's our easy grilled pork belly
it's time to taste this
I'll get 1 piece
and dip in the vinegar. It's really good to dip this in vinegar
this is a coconut vinegar (that's why it's dark colored) with chili
coconut vinegar + cane vinegar
with ground black pepper and chili. Very simple
Mmm~
very flavorful and the pork belly was perfectly cooked
the inside part is juicy and tender
both inside and outside part is flavorful. The marinade really helped a lot
come to think of it, we added Knorr SavoRich,
plus the soy sauce and other marinating ingredients. It's a fullhouse! That's why it's so rich and flavorful
it's not over powering. We may eat this as it is
we may pair this with beer or pair it with rice
this is best for those who are going out for excursions/family outing like going out to the beach. It's summer in the Philippines, it's a perfect time for this. For sure some of you will grill pork
if you're going to grill pork belly, try this recipe. I'm sure you'll love this
I hope you learned something new today
if you enjoyed our recipe, please don't forget to like our video
if you haven't subscribe yet to Panlasang Pinoy Youtube channel, please click the subscribe button below this video
after clicking, allow the notification so youtube can notify you everytime there's a new video upload
thank you so much for your support and see you for the next interesting video
thank you again and till then!
