— Tonight:
Duterte meets his match.
Google fined billions.
And…
The end of the tanning tax.
Lacking the base level of support
needed to pass their health care bill,
Senate Republicans delayed the vote to overturn
Obamacare until after the July 4th recess.
— This is a very complicated subject.
I remember how challenging it was for the Democrats.
— That is why they are in such trouble,
because their bill is aimed at helping the very wealthy,
whereas we are trying to help American families.
— Secretary of State Rex Tillerson officially classified
China as one of the worst human trafficking offenders—
putting it on the same tier
as Iran, Syria and North Korea.
— China was downgraded to Tier 3 status
in this year’s report,
in part because it has not taken serious steps
to end its own complicity in trafficking,
including forced laborers from North Korea
that are located in China.
— China “resolutely opposes” the move.
The Tier 3 rating could bring
sanctions from Washington
and limit access to U.S. and international aid.
The Supreme Court of Brazil is
seeking approval for a criminal trial
against the country’s deeply unpopular
President Michel Temer,
who’s been charged with corruption.
Temer is accused of accepting
millions of dollars in bribes
connected to a multi-billion dollar money
laundering and kickback scandal.
The allegations come nearly a year after Temer
replaced former President Dilma Rousseff,
who was impeached for accepting campaign
money linked to the same illicit funds.
D.C. became the first city in the country
to roll out a third gender option
on its driver’s license application.
Residents can now choose “X” as a gender marker—
and they won’t need a health provider’s note to do so.
— Having this “X” gender marker on my ID,
instead of an “M” or an “F,”
is gonna be a lot more accurate to who I am.
— Oregon will start issuing an “X” option
for licenses next Monday.
And in California, similar legislation is being considered.
One year ago, on June 30th, 2016,
Rodrigo Duterte became President of the Philippines.
He hasn’t shut up since.
— Mr. Obama, you’re gonna go to Hell.
If you destroy my country, I will kill you.
— Duterte positioned himself as
the strongman the Philippines needed
to fight drug dealers and restore national pride,
but what happened last month
on his home island of Mindanao
has called all that into question.
ISIS-linked terrorist groups
have thrived in the city of Marawi,
and Philippine joint forces are
in the midst of a full-blown war
that the government badly underestimated.
Hundreds of well-equipped militants
showed up to join the battle,
which is now entering its fifth week.
Isobel Yeung reports from Marawi.
— These are the Philippines specials forces
on the hunt for ISIS militants.
— More accustomed to jungle fighting
than urban warfare,
battling in these tight alleyways
is proving harder than expected.
— Are they still here?
— Where are there snipers?
— How close?
— These forces are turning this
bombed-out school into a sniper outpost,
and preparing to attack.
— With the enemy now firing back,
the unit is taking cover in this classroom
until the escape route is clear.
— Wow.
So crazy to see this was an active school
just a couple weeks ago, and now…
it’s bombed to smithereens.
Is this the toughest war you’ve been in?
— Why?
— This is Marawi.
For weeks, the Philippines military,
assisted by U.S. Special Forces,
has been pounding this city with airstrikes
and battling house-to-house
in an effort root out this man:
Isnilon Hapilon,
the leader of homegrown terror group Abu Sayyaf:
— They pledged allegiance to ISIS in 2014.
— Philippine authorities say Hapilon,
along with another local
ISIS-linked militant group called Maute,
were planning to establish Southeast Asia’s
first Islamic State caliphate here in Marawi,
a predominantly Muslim city in a country
that’s more than 90 percent Christian.
With an extensive network of hundreds of fighters,
both local and foreign,
these militants have mastered the terrain and stashed
away a seemingly endless supplies of weapons.
— We’re heading right into Marawi City right now,
towards the heart of the battle.
You can hear this continuing barrage
of airstrikes going off, all day long.
— The only functioning building in this part of town
is the tactical command post of one Marine battalion—
the main forward operating base for the armed forces.
— We’re being fired at?
— Yes.
— From where?
— From that position.
— From that position?
— Yes.
— Okay.
So… we should keep a low profile.
— Yeah.
— Okay.
Have they managed to fire at here,
into the base before?
— This is still a hot zone.
— Major Rowan Rimas is one of
the commanding officers
who’s been stationed here since the fighting began.
— Firing, firing!
— Can you just show us where the enemy is?
— Okay, this is Mapandi Bridge.
Before, this was well-defended.
So they placed car bombs, roadblocks,
and they employed the sniper fires.
— So the city is essentially divided
by this river going through it.
So the enemy is contained within this
area on the other side of the bridge.
— Other side of the bridge.
Now, the target of our maneuvering elements
is to neutralize those vantage positions
through our mortar firing.
— Sounds close...
— These guys have been pounding
the city with airstrikes,
and they’re just about to send
this mortar into enemy territory.
— Just hours after we left this base,
these marines were ambushed during an operation.
13 were killed, and at least 40 wounded,
in what was the bloodiest day for
the armed forces since the battle began.
— But it’s not just militants inside the city.
there are also hundreds of civilians.
We managed to get the number of one man,
who’s trapped in the heart of the siege:
— Do you have a plan to escape?
— Are you safe right now?
— Okay—he hung up.
— For the people trapped inside Marawi,
the army is not moving fast enough,
and the situation is becoming
more desperate by the day.
— So, is everything going to plan on your side?
— We are doing very well.
— Colonel Jo-Ar Herrera is the
spokesperson for Joint Task Force Marawi:
— It’s a .50 caliber...
— Despite the military’s many setbacks,
he’s keen to show us that armed forces
have retrieved around 120 high-powered
weapons from the enemy.
— I mean, obviously the insurgents
were pretty well-equipped.
How well-equipped are your troops?
— Well, our armed forces are
well-educated, highly trained.
We are very capable against terrorism.
— So obviously there’s also a lot of
criticisms towards the armed forces
suggesting that you’re not well-equipped
and that you’re not doing a great job, quite frankly,
at pushing back these militants.
— Well, I think that’s their opinion.
— How long do you think it’s going to be before…?
— Well, we don’t want to give a timeline,
because we need to put a premium on the lives
of the people who are trapped in that conflict area.
— Obviously time is running out for them,
I mean, they’ve been stuck in there...
— Yes, but we’re doing our best.
— Now, as the military ramps up pressure
on the remaining terrorist strongholds,
a humanitarian crisis looms.
And concerns that Marawi is only the beginning
of an increasingly violent ISIS presence
are rapidly spreading throughout the region.
— Today in Brussels,
the European Commission slapped
Google with a $2.7 billion fine.
It’s the largest antitrust penalty
ever leveled at a single company,
and it’s meant to put the tech giant on notice
for using its near-monopoly on search to promote
its own online shopping service in Europe.
In 2013,
U.S. antitrust prosecutors tried to stop Google
from employing the exact same practice in America.
But Google exhausted them in court,
and the prosecutors eventually gave up.
But they didn’t have Margrethe Vestager,
the EU’s competition commissioner
and resident dragon slayer.
Last year,
Vestager found that Apple owed Ireland
$14.5 billion in unpaid taxes,
tried to get them to pay up,
and landed herself in a huge scrap.
And now, she’s done it again.
Today, Vestager gave VICE News exclusive
access as she prepared for her latest battle.
— How do you feel on a day like today?
Level of nerves on a scale of one to ten?
— Three to four.
I’m a little nervous.
Not, you know, sort-of heart
jumping out of the chest nervous…
but I can feel it.
— Margrethe Vestager is a giant killer.
And this morning,
she’s after possibly her biggest scalp yet:
Google.
— Just give me a sense of the preparation
that’s gone into this announcement, then.
— Well in this case it has taken since…
for real, since autumn 2014.
— A former Deputy Prime Minister of Denmark,
Vestager comes from the dead center
of old European politics:
economically and socially liberal,
and convinced that politicians should
make globalization work for everybody.
— Is all this because you’re Danish?
— No, no, no, I don’t think so.
— Is it because the Danes have a particular view
about how we need to stick by the rules…?
— I think it’s part of it,
because I come from a society where,
when we’re starting out,
inequality is about the same as the U.S.
Then, we tax and redistribute.
So we end up being one of the
most equal countries in the world.
And that, of course, is the political
culture that I also bring here.
— Not the values of the winner-takes-all internet,
as exposed today.
Google “sneakers,”
and the first thing the world’s
biggest search engine will show you
is results from its own comparison-shopping service.
On average, rival price-comparison
sites don’t feature until page four.
— What Google has done is illegal
under EU antitrust rules.
It has denied other companies the chance
to compete on the merits, and to innovate,
and, most importantly,
it has denied European consumers
the benefits of competition.
— The risk for Google is that its other services—
maps, restaurants, flight bookings—
will also be subject to an investigation.
The company’s considering an appeal.
But then, Vestayer’s never been shy of a fight.
— It’s a “fuck” finger.
— You met the Google executives in this room?
— Uh, yes.
But that was not only for them,
because it’s always here.
— Google has phalanxes of economies,
and consultants, and lawyers.
Do you think they didn’t know
they were doing wrong,
or do you think they did know,
but they carried on anyway?
— Well, we can see that there
was this change in strategy.
We can see what they did,
we can see the result of what they did,
which is also why I don’t guess about their motives—
because we find now we have proof of what they did,
and therefore the potential consumer harm.
— Here’s the question I wanted to ask
you all day.
Every time you do one of these things—
whether it’s against Apple in Ireland,
or against Google,
there’s a huge fuss.
And there’s already a fuss building with letters going
back and forth from Washington
about this latest ruling.
And there’s a huge amount of flack
directed to you personally over that.
Why do you do it?
— For me, there’s no distinction between what
I do in my working life and what I believe in.
And, for me, it makes a difference.
Because if you feel that,
when I’m in the marketplace,
I’m not being cheated at,
they haven’t decided the prices in the back office,
they have not divided the market between them—
if I feel in control in the market,
then maybe I also feel more comfortable
in my society as such.
And that, I think, is what is needed.
— Despite the delay in the Senate’s health care vote,
the White House says it still wants to see a bill passed.
— We look forward to hearing
what they have on their minds
and figuring out what we can do to
finally replace and repeal Obamacare.
— Republican senators rushed to the
White House for a closed-door meeting—
an acknowledgement that pulling the vote
puts their signature initiative in grave danger.
But it also creates a golden opportunity:
for holdout senators to start selling off their votes.
Alexandra Jaffe explains.
— Back in 2010, Republicans moved to ban earmarks.
Those are things like the infamous
“bridge to nowhere” projects—
spending for senators’ pet projects
that get slipped into legislation as
a way to win votes for a broader bill.
Republicans praised their ban as a big
step towards cleaning up Washington:
— House Republicans voted to stop
this process this year, on our own…
— But, in practice, it’s still pretty easy to get around.
The ban only prohibits attaching
earmarks to spending bills—
but adding them to broad policy bills is still allowed.
Right now, there’s no better example of this than
the scramble over the Senate GOP health care bill.
The reforms in this bill actually give Republicans
more savings than the House version of the bill—
about $188 billion in wiggle room, according to the CBO.
Republican leadership is using that money
to buy the votes of reluctant senators.
And so you have Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson,
a public opponent of the bill,
working behind the scenes to win more money
for Medicaid to treat opioid abuse—
which is a big problem in his state—
or Senators Ted Cruz and Mike Lee,
two conservative holdouts on the bill,
potentially getting more money to raise the caps
on health savings accounts in exchange for their votes.
If these funds do make it into the bill,
we probably won’t know about it
until the vote happens—
and it’ll literally be the product of backroom deals.
Republican senators met with
President Trump at the White House today,
and with McConnell in the leadership offices
at the back of the Capitol to negotiate the bill.
That’s why earmarks have been traditionally seen as
part of what makes the Washington swamp so slimy.
But if they get enough GOP senators to “yes” on this bill,
it’ll prove, once again,
how earmarks make Washington work.
— Right now, the Senate healthcare bill
is running perilously low on support.
But even as it falters on the Hill,
there’s more than one bronzed businessman
standing foursquare behind it:
enter America’s besieged…
tanning salon owners.
That’s because Obamacare levied
a 10 percent tax on tanning salons,
to help pay for the ACA.
— We are done!
— It became known as the “Snooki tax,”
after the pumpkin-hued star
of MTV’s “Jersey Shore.”
— That’s it! That’s perfect!
— I don’t go tanning-tanning anymore,
because Obama put a 10 percent tax on tanning.
And I feel like he did that intentionally for us.
— The IRS estimated the tax would bring
in $2.7 billion in revenue by 2019.
It’s fallen far short of that,
bringing in just $369 million in its first six years.
If passed,
the Republican bill would dump the tax altogether.
And for a leathery cohort of single-issue voters,
that makes all the difference.
— I am supporting this replacement bill right now.
And I also believe everybody in the
tanning industry is supporting this bill,
especially, come to think of it, in the swing states,
where you probably have hundreds
of thousands of voters
that I know swap from one party
to the next because of this bill.
I feel that the tan tax that was included
in the affordable healthcare plan,
specifically that was the catalyst
for me switching parties.
I went from voting Democratic to voting Republican.
My extended family, and people around me,
in my circle, all switched.
There was no evaluation—
“Can this industry withstand a 10 percent tax?”
So what ended up happening, it couldn’t.
So we ended up closing stores.
They’re targeting us, one, because
we have a weak lobbying group,
and it’s easy to say,
“Okay this is an industry that may or may not be…”
I’m not gonna say healthy,
but the perception has been drawn to be not…
…healthy.
I think President Trump is a fair businessperson
who sees the inequity of the tan tax
and the affordable healthcare plan.
— Oh my gosh.
This is cool.
— Mac.
Return of the Mac.
— It’s pretty classic songwriting.
That’s one of the things,
he obviously is aware of the craft
and that’s something that I appreciate.
— I feel, uh, delightfully seasick
every time I hear his stuff.
Makes me feel like I’m on a boat
somewhere with a cocktail in my hand.
— You were quick to take your headphones off.
— Yeah.
That makes me wanna drink more.
— Who is it?
— He’s from Sweden.
His name is Jay-Jay Johanson.
— Seems like a nice guy, like…
a guy that you could be best friends with.
— Man, I’ve been trying as I get
older to not trash people.
It’s just not something that I would necessarily buy.
— Stop.
— This is cool.
What a funny song.
Can we hear that back?
Yeah, I just wanna hear the chorus one more time.
— Damn, that’s Lil Yachty.
— Do you know Lil Yachty?
— I’ve seen that name written down.
— I thought it was gonna be different than that.
— Lil…
Lil Yachty?
— Yeah, Like a yacht.
With a “y.”
— A seaman.
— Feel like I could hear 15 seconds of the song,
and guess what the rest is song is going to sound like,
put it down, and probably within about
a 90 percent chance be right.
— Who is it?
— Lady Antebellum.
— I thought they were, like, sophisticated country.
— Does UFC have a record label?
— Who is this?
— This is Nickelback.
— They’re probably one of the nicest…
— Yeah, they’re nice.
— ...group of people I’ve ever met in my life.
And, uh, that’s okay if I’m not…
jivin’ with their tunes…
They’re good people.
— That’s VICE News Tonight
for Tuesday, June 27th.
