Hello Nomades !
El Nido is one of the most beautiful places on earth!
SO
Get ready to embark on an incredible adventure
of 10 things to do in El Nido in the Philippines
For those of you who do not know me yet
I created Nomad France
with my girlfriend Salome, 6 months ago
We have been to the Philippines several times
and spent more than 2 months there
We have seen and done a lot of things here
THEN Tie your seatbelt and get ready
because El Nido in the Philippines is going to be your next destination
if you crave adventures and breathtaking scenery.
Smash the like button
and subscribe to our Youtube channel right here
to follow all our tips and we can advise you in your next trips
Now stop talking
Let's start without further delay with number 10...
Helicopter Island
As you can see
this island has a rather original form, hence its name
helicopter island
You can go to the beach of this paradise island by taking a boat ride
There are 4 Tours in El Nido
Tour A, B, C and D
This is the first island you will visit during tour C
It is a very photogenic island seen from the sky
but do not expect to be alone on the beach
I do not know what you think
but this island also makes me think of a dinosaur
Write down below if you see a helicopter or a dinausore
Oh and by the way,
I put you 2 BONUS places in El Nido END OF VIDEO
you will not be disappointed!
We continue with number 9
NACPAN BEACH
It is without a doubt the most famous beach of El Nido.
It is located 17km north of El Nido
so to go I advise you to rent a scooter
or go by tricycle
the local means of locomotion of the Philippines
The beach is HUGE
you can tan quietly there's room for everyone
There are coconut trees everywhere
sand nice, and incredible water you tell me news
If you are hungry or thirsty,
you can find your happiness in one of the bars / restaurants along the beach.
And if you want to extend your stay at Nacpan Beach
there are some beachfront guesthouses
without the factory being far from the beach
On top of that
you can admire the beautiful sunset from the beach of Calitang
less than 50m from Nacpan Beach
Let's move on to number 8
The Big Lagoon
This is the most popular place in El Nido.
To return a second to the alphabet of boat tours
the Big Lagoon is part of the tour A
It is an incredible place from the sky
but not only
You can rent a kayak to visit the Big Lagoon
and sail on it
You will notice the clarity of the water
and its magical colors
The entrance channel is splendid
I advise you to take the time to contemplate the nature around you
which is just grandiose
There is also a small extension of the big lagoon with a mangrove
and some hidden places, very nice to explore
And of course you can swim to refresh yourself a little
and enjoy the water and the beauty of this beautiful place
So why an 8th place for such a place?
Mainly because of the number of people visiting the Big Lagoon
every day and the noise that can be
But also because El Nido is a remarkable place
where every new landscape will leave you speechless
We now come to number 7
So yes, the snorkeling is an activity and not a place
but it is a must to do in EL Nido
Each boat tour offers a snorkeling stop
and there is no wrong choice
all will allow you to discover coral of all colors
see tropical fish and sometimes even turtles
If you dream to see Nemo you are in the right place
You can even see giant clams as they call it there
we just saw some small clams but it was funny
The only negative aspect is that there are some jellyfish in places
but do not worry too much for that!
Number 6
This beach is a very original because it is hidden by huge sharp black rocks
and very sharp, very characteristic of El Nido
You can go there by boat TOUR C
To go to the beach you have to jump in the water and go swimming
Be careful once again
there are some jellyfish that terainent by
the but the game was really candlelight!
The water is transparent
and the scenery worthy of a movie
There are some hiding places to explore
It's really wonderful
We even met a little Komodo dragon
who was strolling on the cliffs
Enjoy the place
it will may stay in your memory for a long time!
We now arrive at number 5
So no there is no snake on the island or other
this island is named because it has a snake shape, quite simply
Snake Island is part of Boat Tour B
Once again the water is incredible
I will not do you a drawing you will understand it
There are some sellers of kayak drinks
if you want a coconut or other refreshment
What is nice is that you can take a walk
to get high on the island
and go to a point of view.
From there you can admire the beauty of the island
its beaches and its original form
You can also swim from the sandbar
and enjoy this paradise landscape
We ate a great meal on our boat at Snake Island
will be remember this for a long time!
Let's go now to the one who is not on the podium
but who has nothing to envy to others
How to say
this island is just perfect!
It is wild, there is a huge beach
beautiful black rocks, a phenomenal water color, nobody on the horizon
Anyway
This is clearly our favorite island of El Nido
You can access it by going around with boat TOUR B
You can walk around, sunbathe, rest, snoerkling, there's everything
We even saw a striped knit, which is actually a deadly snake, but very little aggressive
Whether seen from the sky or on the beach,
this island is clearly worth it and you will not be disappointed!
We are now talking about serious things,
the podium, with in 3rd position...
Neighbor of the Big Lagoon
the small lagoon is more intimate and extremely beautiful
Formerly on the boat tour A like the Big Lagoon
it is now part of boat Tour D to reduce the number of daily visits.
To go there
there too you have to take a kayak.
Then you sneak into a tiny entrance
to land in this wonderful place.
You can contemplate the beauty of the black rocks and the color of the water.
There is also a small cave that you can explore if you feel like it.
You can stay only one hour at the Small Lagoon
so take advantage of it, time goes fast
The small lagoon is on the podium because we explored it alone
a unique experience
and I will explain to you incessantly shortly how we did
Because on the second step of the podium comes...
Let me explain
There are many ways to do boat tours in El Nido,
A "public" tour of 25 people on a boat
but very affordable
A speed boat ride to do the equivalent of 2 boat rides in a day
if you have not the time but very expensive
Or a private boat tour
And I'm going to explain to you why it's fire
You have your boat, just for you
with your crew.
You choose at what time you leave in the morning
and that makes the difference
Boat tours start at 9am
EXCEPT private boats that can leave earlier.
So you can find yourself TOTALLY alone in different places!
That's how we were all alone in the small lagoon
Otherwise you can be with 100 people maximum
but I let you imagine the difference of experience that it is
You can also take your boat ride in the other direction to avoid a maximum crowd
You are entitled to a divine meal on the boat, on a private beach
no matter where you want it!
You choose how long you stop somewhere
if there are too many people in one place you can tell the crew to go next door
in short, it's YOUR boat and you do what you want with.
It's perfect for couples who want to be alone in dreamy places
for families who do not want to be bothered by the world and have a unique experience with their children
and even for your group of friends to have a good experience. madness all together!
Now you're wondering what's wrong with this and can be on the top of the podium?
It's not a boat ride, it's not a beach, it's not something everyone does
it's about ...
Without a doubt our best experience at EL Nido!
These cliffs of black rocks are right next to the town of El Nido.
To get there, it is mandatory to have a guide.
In the morning it is perfect
for the sunrise.
So you have to get up at 5am, do 1h of walking
which is more like climbing than anything else
you're hot, you galley, but when you get to the top and you have a fantastic view on El Nido with the sunrise
you forget the galleys you had
and you're just happy to be there to live this unique moment.
Attention, it is very dangerous and difficult
you must have a minimum of physical condition to go.
When I say that a guide is obligatory
it is because there have already been a lot of accidents
and when you see what the rocks look like and the height that you have
You can guess, I'm not talking about simple scratches
When you are at the top of the cliffs, you find it hard to realize how far you have come to get there
It's really an epic and extraordinary adventure
so if you feel like doing it, it will be an unforgettable moment!
Still think of taking some water and nibbling to get in shape for the return.
In addition, the cool thing with this expedition is that you finish early
and so you still have all day in front of you to go boating
chill on the beach or explore the surroundings.
Do you remember I told you about Bonus at the beginning of the video?
Well there is not 1 but 2.
First
It is a beach a little out of the El Nido
very quiet, on which you can sunbathe and rest.
There are plenty of great restaurants and bars there
a perfect place to chill and have a good time!
And as a surprise does not come alone
let's talk now about the 2nd Bonus
It is THE beach that allows you to see a sunset of madness!
Here too you can do everything you want to do on the beach
eat and enjoy the beautiful view.
Smash the like button and subscribe to our Youtube Channel
It would make us extremely happy you do not even have idea.
Leave a comment to tell us what you thought about it
share this video if you wish
but above all, we wish you
a GOOD ADVENTURE !
