good value definitely good value  
good portions you like a good portion don't 
you? Yeah very tasty, haha I heard what  
you said you know!
you eat, you eat naughty stuff as well. Yeah
naughty but nice
i'll tell you what
this is my kind of food good afternoon 
everyone and welcome to another episode  
of the day in the uk and today 
we are back in romford shopping  
hall because last time i came down 
here i missed a right little treat  
of a cafe. It's a filipino food cafe and i'm 
proper excited about checking out so let's do it
look at this everyone it's absolutely ram 
packed. Everyone's enjoying their grub...  
is it good? Is it amazing yeah? I'm looking 
forward to this right it's called the sunrise,  
sunrise jacket potato is an oriental food, sunrise 
cafe let's take a little look you know it's really  
great to see what cracks me up though um it 
fills me with confidence yeah look at this  
the food is so good that they have to they have 
to put it in a frame with all the photographs here  
i'm going to try and, look the lady is taking 
orders it's all going down it's all going down  
and we've got all the different soya sauce here 
i don't know what that is but we're going to ask  
um malt vinegar anything else special fish sauce 
okay so you really know that this is definitely  
filipino food they've got all the right condiments 
as well what is this? and what is that? looks like  
onions in a bowl of vinegar with foil on 
the top. I sat down to get a chair because  
it's so busy but already i've met some lovely 
ladies, some locals. How are you doing lovely?  
Do you eat here regularly? hello hello it's 
another lovely lady here! and are you all from  
the philippines? yes you are what particular, 
what place in the philippines are you from what  
part? I'm from manila. You're from manila? yeah. 
Is manila the capital? yes. Manila is the capital?  
all right, okay. We've got another this one's got, 
we've got another lovely lady here. She's got a  
nice nice colorful scarf over here as well. she 
knitted it herself she knitted that, you knitted  
that yourself did you? yeah you knitted that 
yourself so you're regular customers here yes yes
we come here you know once a month
once every two weeks. Now here's a question for 
you right, can you cook as well as these ladies  
at the sunrise cafe? yes. You can! Well that's 
a good thing though isn't it, because that means  
that it's proper authentic filipino food right 
oh yeah. It is? now what would you recommend?  
That's what I said, Sinigang.
adobo? what's that?
chicken, pork or chicken yeah
pork and chicken
you can mix the two together with it look like 
we've got rice as well and stuff like that  
you have to cook the rice separately so you have 
to cook the rice separately as well ladies really  
really nice chatting to you yeah i'm gonna go 
and eat this lovely food okay so we've got the  
filipino breakfast served with two fried eggs and 
fried rice delicious tapa pan fried marinated beef  
uh bulaklak, deep fried pork fat end, 
and you've got all these other ones um  
lechon kawali crackling pork belly.. this is all 
breakfast? this is breakfast? this would be dinner  
for us! Lutong Bahay, homemade filipino dishes 
so this i won't go through all of them but look,  
you've got sizzling dishes you've got sinigang 
meals and if you look at some of the photos as  
well, it's like being abroad isn't it? look 
it's like being abroad you don't need to go  
abroad everyone! side orders oh there's loads 
there's loads and you've got chow mein fried rice  
you've got vegetarian summer platter it goes 
on jackets and you've got the sort of normal  
british food as well kids menu bagels cold drinks 
right now what was brilliant chatting to the  
ladies there one of them was saying you've got to 
try the filipino breakfast now that sounds great  
to me so to be honest with you i have no idea when 
i look at all the framed photographs here it looks  
pretty confusing i've never tasted filipino food 
before so i'm going to go for the easy option  
shoot me i'm going to go for the filipino 
breakfast so when these ladies are ready i'm going  
to order hi you've been so busy hello hello how 
are you doing? what's your name lovely? my name  
is edna. Edna can i can i meet you over here where 
i can see you properly, I'm gonna come around here  
there she is... so your name is edna yes 
and this is my sister evelyn hi i'm evelyn.  
Evelyn what a lovely couple of ladies already  
do you know what i'm not gonna beat around the 
bush i've heard of this is it tapa tocino i was  
like or the breakfast yes that is one of our 
traditional breakfasts okay it's called tapas  
tapa is the beef okay tocino is the pork oh i 
see we do combination or like the combo meal  
wicked what does that come with? it comes 
with garlic egg fried rice and two fries eggs
ooooooo!
ooooooo! 
Mouthwatering isn't it!
can i have that please yes that sounds try yes 
please that sounds amazing thank you very much  
okay i'm going to prepare it for you. oh lovely! 
all right i'll be over at the table then. Do you  
want me a pay now or after? after is fine, oh 
that's beautiful that's beautiful thank you very  
much oh that sounded amazing! garlic fried rice 
with beef and some sort of pork anyway anyway  
we'll check out when it comes along sounds amazing 
do you know what it's brilliant about this,  
i'm waiting for my food but i keep meeting 
really cool people look at these lovely  
ladies here now you're you're locals are you not? 
first off let's just check out the hat and let's  
talk about the hat first... tell me about the 
hat..this hat? This hat is older than you love!
I've had it ages...
have you? yeah you don't know i 
might be much older than you think  
you never know you never know but you don't 
look good oh it's sweet she's a charmer  
what is the food like here ladies it's lovely 
amazing i love it really tasty yeah it's not hard  
this is not hard to do because we eat here 
all the time, the food is lovely good value  
definitely good value good portions 
you like a good portion don't you! yeah very tasty. I heard what you said you know!
Enjoy when your food comes along okay the food has 
arrived thank you very much sir thank you all  
right what we got here let's have a little look 
here wow okay so we've got some pork is that  
tocino pork okay good we got some spiced beef 
okay we got the garlic rice it looks like onion  
as well and we've got some eggs there right 
everyone let's try this out i'm going to talk  
a bit louder because it's quite um it's quite 
busy in here which is great but let's try it out  
right okay i've got a spoon as well that's 
noted, i've got a spoon and not a knife i  
don't know if that's authentic but we'll find out 
anyway let's go for the pork straight off the bat
okay here's the pork
that is absolutely delicious see if i can 
bring it to the camera there's the pork  
there's the pork right okay it's sweet it's 
tender it is delicious let's try it again
it's been cooked so well but the one i'm really 
interested in is the beef let's go for the beef  
i put my fork in the beef it's so tender it's 
almost split in two let's try it out shall we
oh yeah
that is delicious I don't know what the spice is
on that, i'm going to ask her afterwards  
really really tasty really tasty okay now we're 
going to go for the rice let's try the rice i've  
noted there's onion you know like fried onion like 
the crispy bits of onion in the rice you've got  
the egg as well so it's obviously egg fried it's 
got garlic in it as well so there we go let's get  
close up there we go see that see that beautiful 
egg fried rice with garlic and onion but that to  
be honest with actually that could be garlic and 
not onion anyway looks great that's taste it okay
well i love that!  it's very similar to... it's similar 
to eating chinese egg fried rice, but it's better  
it's got a more powerful flavour i 
think that garlic really comes through  
and it's definitely fried rice that beautiful 
taste of fried rice as well really good really  
good and what's unusual about this dish is that 
you get a couple of eggs with it as well so  
let's let's go for let's go for the beef the 
pork and the egg together okay let's try this out
there's the beef the pork a bit of the egg as well
I tell you what..
this is my kind of food if you like 
your meat and you've had egg  
fried rice from the chinese but you want to 
taste something a little bit more different
why not go and try breakfast here at 
the sunrise cafe i'll tell you what  
it is absolutely delicious really different
Right I've just picked this up yeah it's like onions 
and ladies what is this? I'll ask the ladies...that's a lady vinegar and  
garlic all right vinegar vinegar and garlic looks 
like...is that onion big chunks of onion as well?  
okay so don't have this before you go out on a  
date don't breathe on anyone 
after you've eaten this yeah! hahah
all right i'm gonna try it this you dip the beef 
in there? okay so let's give it a go shall we okay
there's the tender beef
excited about this
i can taste vinegar and taste soy sauce a bit of 
garlic there's a lot going on there it's really  
really tasty it reminds me of the japanese dips 
that you get okay the vinegar like the like the  
rice wine like the rice wine vinegar look at that 
beef! Look at that tender beef oh yeah what have the  
ladies got? Chicken chow mein.. chicken chow mein yeah that's 
not filipino oh yeah yeah that's not chinese it's filipino style
filipino style! Oh filipino style chicken chow mein...
you don't like the english 
style? what is the difference  
between a filipino style chicken chow mein
this is drier no sauce no oyster sauce yeah 
there it is uh either oyster sauce or soy  
sauce or soy sauce mix it with the rice and then 
mix it with rice and what you got here? this is
national fish in the philippines what is that  
fish milk fish yeah fried fish and what you 
got there what's that? a mixture of vegetables  
vegetables rice beans oh wow look how healthy 
this i! but that's not fried rice right no no  
that's boiled right you're healthy you're healthy 
filipino ladies aren't you.. not really you ever  
you eat you eat naughty stuff as well
naughty but nice i'll let 
you eat your food ladies yes
all right so the ladies the ladies has
brought me over some iced tea  
apparently this is a typical filipino drink okay...Gulaman!
say it again? Gulaman?...Gulaman!
hopefully i said that right did I?
okay anyway let's try it
well that's lovely.. this is a cold sweet tea 
with ice and it's delicious really nice very  
very sweet very very sweet if you like the 
sweet stuff you'll love this really nice
well let's see if i can finish this meal it's 
absolutely beautiful so i'll see you in a bit
right goodbye everyone thank you it's 
absolutely beautiful thank you see you later bye  
take care everyone see ya take care my lovely 
see you later bye bye what about that loads of  
friendly people amazing food first time i've tried 
filipino food it's absolutely delicious i'm coming  
back get yourself to the Romford shopping hall to 
the sunrise cafe... one of the only filipino cafes i  
think around this area so it's pretty rare anyway 
until next time i'll see in the next video cheers
