Hello guys! How are you!?
It's been a long time, I missed the timing of our opening, no one would notice, right?
- No, everyone knows
We're here at Hanin Town Hotel
- Yes, it's your second home
I come here often
- To sleep?
With who?
I was surprised when we checked in, the receptionist knows Min
Here's out of place
I want to introduce you about Hanin Town hotel, there's a public pool in front and resto-bar where you can order food or deliver it to your room via room service
Then when I checked the menu, I saw some food that we haven't tried yet
What are these food called?
- I forgot
When the food comes here, I will explain
You look exhausted, what happened?
- These past few days, I worked myself out hard
Why? you worked hard in bed?
- .....Okay let's start
Tokwa't...
- Tokwa't?
Tokwa't baboy
What is tokwa't baboy?
- It's cooked tofu with pork on it together with vinegar
You know it very well
- It's delicious
Why there's a slice of lemon here?
- For decoration
Should I mix it?
- It's up to you
Okay, let's try it out
I love tofu
Tastes good
If you put some kimchi on it, it would taste like "Tofu Kimchi"
It tastes sweet and sour
This is my glass, but someone put tokwa't baboy on it...
Is it you?
For your drink to be sweet
Filipino food are mostly sour
When I came here for the first time, I didn't like how the food taste, but now It became one of my favorite
Okay, next time I will cook sinigang for you. the original taste
- ........
This name is called tokwa't baboy, but I always confused it between the word takot
What's the meaning?
- Scared
Wooooooow... you know that, Min.. you stayed here longer than Yohan
Yes, for a year
So have you tried studying tagalog?
- I studied Filipino culture more than language
I think you studied body language more than dialects
When you can't communicate, you're body speaks for yourself
Please be quiet, it's time for eating
Try this (Labuyo)
Tofu is fried
Yes, that's why when you bite it, it's crispy on the outside and it's soft inside
Korea and Philippines have their difference when cooking tofu
Korean cooks tofu, they pan fry it... while filipino cook tofu deep frying it whole 
They sell tofu in a food cart as well
- Really?!
Sure
And have soon-tofu (soft tofu) as well
- Soft tofu?
It's called "Taho"
Tahooooo
It sounds like a native pronounciation
It sound like taho kuya (taho vendor)
It has similar pronunciation as tahong
It's soft tofu
- Is it soft like Korean tofu?
Sure
In Korea, we eat soft tofu with soy sauce
And here in the Philippines, vendors rides bicycle and have a big container
- Ahhh, now I remember.. they put some brown colored sauce on top
They put soft tofu on a plastic cup with pearls and sugar syrup
It sounds like process of making milk-tea
And they mix it together then drink it
It's affordable and tasty
My Filipino friends told me that usually eat it before going to school
By the way, tokwa't baboy kinda' taste like a Chinese food
This tokwa't baboy is served for foreigners so it doesn't taste like the original
I think it's good for pulutan
Good for soju
- You want to drink soju now?
No thanks
We have tried a lot of food here at Hanin Town, among them this is my pick
For me, it's Bicol express
- It was good as well
For me, this one too
This is my second pick
Why you always like second?
- Why you always make seconds?
When I sit here in the middle, I already felt that there's something wrong
I love the taste of this
It's name is tokwa't baboy so maybere there's also tokwa't manok?
Anyways, what's the meaning of tokwa?
- Tofu?
So taho is soft tofu?
Our viewers, let us know
If it goes with chicken instead of pork, it will taste good as well
Adobo flavor tastes heavy but it's fresh
They put vinegar in adobo too
- Do they?
They don't?, I'm asking
I'm sweating
Chili makes me sweaty
I'm done
I really love this taste
- Are you full?
Slight
How about you? Yohan?
- I'm full
Cause I already had dinner
- I already ordered some desserts
What did you order? cake?
- Nothing like that but you guys will like it
Graham?
No, only Me likes it... you guys don't like sweets
Did you just came out from the shower?
Because of labuyo
- Stop saying the word, it makes me sweat
I ordered the dessert, it's spicy and refreshing
The next food will be on the next episode
Are you okay?
- Labuyo is too spicy
