Hey everybody!! This is Randy Santel 'Atlas' and I am very very excited today!!
I'm going for overall win #881!!
We've got lots of people here which is much appreciated!!
[Clapping & Cheering]
We are down in Sommerville, South Carolina!!
We are taking on Lola's Lumpia Food 
Truck which specializes in Filipino cuisine!!
It's been a while since I've had Filipino food!!
They specialize in Lumpia which are deep-fried smaller, about 1 ounce each spring rolls.
All meat-filled.
We've got 48 of their lumpia, about 1 ounce each so 3 pounds.
We've got 16 of each so we've got 16 beef, we've got 16 pork, we've got 16 chicken.  
In addition to that, we've got some shrimp chips here which look amazing!!
And then we've got 2 of their siopao which are filled with pork.
And then I can't wait to eat some of this sandwich.
it is pulled pork adobo and then over here we've got I think it's about half a pound of pancit
which is a traditional Filipino food.
And then I've got 2 dipping sauces for all these lumpia.
But we've got their homemade sweet and sour sauce right here.
And then we've got their homemade sweet chili sauce.
We've got only 45 minutes to 
finish everything here.
If I fail, it's gonna be around $100.
But if I win I'll get my meal free,
I'll get a sweet t-shirt to add to my collection, 
and I'll be the very first person up on the wall of fame!! let's get this challenge started!!
[Cheering & Clapping]
Alright, big thank you to Mark and Ranika, the owners here of--- it's right behind me--
Lola's Lumpia Food Truck!!
And Lola, the grandmother, is Mark's mother and she is actually here too!!
Also big thanks to Ben and his whole team here!! 
This is also hosted by, since it's a food truck, Oak Road Brewery!!
It's not going to be part of the actual challenge, but we've got their 3 beers 12 ounces each!!
We've got their Joggling Board which is a Munich Helles Lager.
And then I'm very very excited for this!!
We've got an Oktoberfest German Fest beer
and then we've also got their Contra Code which is an IPL or India pale lager.
So we've got all this!!
Let's shut up and eat!!
1,2,3............BOOM!!
Alright, going to start out with some of this Lumpia!!
It's gonna be good!!
Oh yeah, I think this is the pork.
This is the Joggling Board that I'm 
starting with, but these are so good!! 
We'll do 4 more of the ones in the middle, I think beef.
Love this sweet chili sauce!!
Gonna keep on dipping 
in that, it's homemade here by the food truck!!
A couple more then I'm gonna have some of this pulled pork adobo.
It sounds amazing!!
This pulled pork has a sauce on it and then a Filipino achara, cannot wait to eat it!!
I don't really know how to explain 
the sauce on it, but it's amazing!!
Alright, let's get back to some of 
these lumpia.
That sandwich was so good!!
Ah!! Done with beer #1.
Next is going to be my favorite!!
I've already tried these but we've got Oktoberfest here.
Going to have those along with --
we're going to move over to these in a minute!!
Alright, we're 8 minutes and 15 seconds in.
We've got 6 left of each so we're done with over a pound and a 1/2 of these.
Next, we're going to go over to the siopao which is pork-filled.
I've heard it's delicious. I think it's fairly 
similar to the bang pao or bang bao that I had in Vietnam.
So we will see!!
Making good time!!
These are homemade too these steamed buns, they are awesome!!
I'm going to go ahead and finish off the other one too.
It's been a while since I've had steamed buns.
This pork is good but I think I
like the steamed bun part more!!  
It's got some healthy vegetables in here too!!
Now I've never had these before; these are shrimp chips.
I don't think they're going to be filling, but let's get them down!!
These are a Filipino street snack.
I think you can get them in bags in the Philippines.
[Randy! Randy! Randy!]
Mark says they're called shrimp chips,
but he thinks they're like a 
tapioca starch; they're amazing!!
But just about everything is fried!!
We're 14 minutes and 28 seconds in.
Last shrimp chip!!
Alright, finishing off with Oak Road Brewery's Contra Code which is an Indian pale lager.
So we'll have that, get all the rest of these lumpia down, 
finish off with the pancit, dominate!!
[Cheering & Clapping]
I think it's my first time doing 
a food challenge with only beer. 
Usually I start with water-- they're good beers!!
We've got 5 left!!
Alright, 21 minutes in!!
Even after 45 of these freaking things they're still amazing!!
I've really enjoyed these 
homemade dipping sauces!!
But Mark, Renika, and their staff they roll these things---
They hand roll them like every morning to fill the demand; they're amazing!!
Let's finish these off then we'll finish off the pancit and win!!
Last one, we'll do no sauce.
This was actually added last minute and I wanted to try it so we added it to the challenge.
There's like a half a pound of their pancit; they are rice noodles and wheat noodles  
and then all kinds of healthy vegetables!!
So we'll get these down, finish the beers, and then it's diet time!!
This challenge was not low carb.
[Cheering & Clapping]
AHHHH!!
[Cheering & Clapping]
Every part of that challenge was so delicious!!
Big thanks to everybody here at Lola's Lumpia Food Truck!!
 They serve the entire Summerville all 
the way to Charleston, the entire area here in South Carolina.
 Oh!! All of that was delicious; I've 
got to say my favorite was that pulled pork adobo sandwich.
I loved the sauce and that Filipino stuff 
on there; that pork was so juicy, it was amazing!!
I enjoyed the shrimp chips!!
Gotta say, I don't really have a favorite of the 3 of the lumpia.
They all just kind of blended in because I was eating them all together.
But really enjoyed the lumpia, definitely!!
That was my first time having it and I will have it again in the future!!
25 minutes and 58 seconds.
That is the record now to beat!!
[Cheering & Clapping]
The challenge is available now!!
You've got 45 minutes to finish if you're interested in trying it.
 I'm going to get the entire meal for 
free, I've got my sweet t-shirt right behind me.
Then I am going to get a surprise!!
Hey, look who we have here!! Get in here!!
We've got Lola which is the inspiration
as Mark's mother!! What's your actual name?
[Cora]: Cora Lola.
[Randy]: Cora Lola, okay because Lola means grandmother in the Philippines!!
Definitely, now that I've had that, I want to get back to the Philippines.
I'm going to get this sweet t-shirt 'Salamat, Y'all!!'
Thank you very much!!
I can't pronounce it, thank you very much!!
And then we've got their logo of course on the back which is also right behind me.
I'm going to have my name and photo up on the wall of fame for winning the delicious challenge!!
It was overall win 
#881.
Thank you guys all for being here to watch!!
And of course, thanks to Ben and his 
team here at Oak Road Brewery!! 
This was not part of the little challenge I did, but I'm still gonna have it because I do love dunkle beers.
But they are here in 
Somerville, South Carolina.
The links to all of their social media are down in the description, but we've got their Dunkle.
[Cheering & Clapping]
