Hi Guys! I'm Punit. And you are watching RudraTrack.
Seeing the thumbnail of the video, you must have come to know what the video is about.
Today we are going to talk about my recent trip to Philippines.
I recently went to Philippines. I entered in the Philippines on 13th may.
And I stayed there until 23 may. 10 Days in total.
Today I'm going to tell you about everything about it.
Like which are the docs that you will need to provide for visa.
Also, I'll tell you how to plan.
And how much money it will cost to go there.
almost everything in detail
When and Which thing you will need to do.
So, let's talk about the Documents first.
The first thing you will need to travel abroad is your own Passport.
Your passport should be valid. It shouldn't be expired or near to its expiration date.
Then you will need valid Visa.
So, I used Singapore visa. I went via Singapore.
Then you will need flight tickets.
Mainly you must have confirmed return flight ticket from Philippines to Singapore or India.
If you will not have confirmed return flight. they will not give you visa on arrival.
In short, they will reject your case. 
if you are landing in manila or cebu. anywhere in philippines.
No return flight ticket means no visa on arrival.
And I can't guaranty that you can get that without return flight.
Then you will need some cash in hand.
If you are a solo traveler and your trip is for one week or ten days.
So, 500$ USD will be enough. you can present 500$ as cash in hand to immigration officer.
Then they will check you financial planning for your trip.
For checking that they will ask for your credit card.
And you have to show your credit card to immigration officer.
If you have credit card, then it's alright.
But if you don't have credit card then apply for before it's your time to go.
Then you will need  RTPCR 
And you bank statement. 
Also proof of your work or proof of income.
Along with you will have to show hotel booking.
You have to show your travel itinerary to immigration officer.
They ask it to know where you going to travel in Philippines and how.
memorize all your date and city names and you home address also.
when they will interview you, they may ask you that where is your first hotel booking.
Why will you start from this city and how many days you will stay in one city.
All these things happened to me that why I'm sharing it to you.
Again, I repeat remember all the date of travel and name of city.
Also remember where you will move after exploring first city of your planned trip.
This is all the details about documents. 
If you go via Singapore.
If you want to apply direct throw Philippines embassy in india.
There are not a lot of chance that you will get visa.
I will suggest not to waste your time doing that if you haven't travel to any country before.
You can you Europe visa if you have one.
Or you can use Singapore visa like I did.
But if you US tourist visa or Work visa then it will be easier 
You can apply for PHP visa from india.
And you won't have to worry about immigration it will be smooth.
Just because I went via Singapore they stopped me and asked a lot of questions.
It took me to pass the immigration almost 1:30 hour.
But thankfully I had all the answers of their questions.
And all my docs were correct and complete.
Even my passport was new 
And I had Singapore visa.
I had credit card and 1000$ cash in hand.
That's why I could provide them what they asked to me.
Even I was travelling solo, 500$ could be enough in that case.
According to me I have covered almost everything.
Still if you feel you have more quarry and questions.  
You can follow my Instagram page. And ask anything to me there.
So, you can get quick reply.
about all of your quarry's. 
Or else you can write a comment under this video.
And I'll leave all the links of my social media in description. 
Follow me on social media guys all reply to all of you if you follow me.
I'll help you until you reach to Philippines.
You don't have to worry it's not that hard.
Just immigration of Philippines is hard for Indians. Because they don't provide direct visa easily.
Even if someone goes via Singapore they ask a lot of questions.
If you want to know details about my immigration, follow our Instagram page.
Can't make a long video on YouTube.
 
