Hello everyone, welcome to another video in the Reação Imediata.
And in the reaction of this video after many and many requests
we bring Darren Wonderland with "Phantom of the Opera"
and we hope you enjoy this video.
And if you're not subscribed to the channel, subscribe
And if you're already subscribed, activate the notifications
and follow us on Instagram
this video has the link as well as all other videos on the channel.
Darren Espanto is an amazing singer
we already did two reactions to he
and it is interesting that in one reaction he was older 
and in another he was younger and so we follow his musical evolution.
so let's see him singing "Phantom of the Opera" 
which is a world music classic and we'll see how his presentation was
so let's go for the most important, 
because the most important thing now is Darren Espanto
So... Let's react!!!
-Incredible.
-He surprised me.
He sang very well
this song is very difficult to sing for everything it requires
is a song that has a lot of influence from the erudite song
requires the use of the head voice
and it's very interesting to see how thick his voice got heavier
and it's very interesting to see how thick his voice got heavier
because when he was younger, he was already forming that heavy voice
but his voice was not yet fully developed
and now his voice is very powerful.
We realize that in this song he makes use of Belting
but interesting that within this he makes variations
but interesting that within this he makes variations
in the projection of the voice of mask that is the voice that we speak daily
in the projection of the voice of mask that is the voice that we speak daily
only that the Belting puts more force in this voice
and the interesting thing is that he also uses the chest voice, 
that is a heavier voice
which helps give you greater flexibility in his presentation
and I was very surprised at his high note
because until then we only saw him do it once
and he surprised me a lot because he sings this song alone
and we know this song always with a man and a woman singing together
and he does it all alone, amazing
And he surprised me!
Certainly and no doubt he has a great vocal ability
and he is very talented too.
He is very, very talented. But this is our opinion
and we want your opinion
leave in the comments what you think of this beautiful presentation of Darren Espanto
if you have suggestion for another song and another presentation
leave in the comments that we read all 
and press the Liked button a lot that helps in the development of the channel
and share this video.
We hope you enjoyed this video 
and we see you in the next reaction.
Tchau (Goodbye)
