"Hey, I don't eat that..." 
Just embrace it.
You are Filipino, be proud that you are Filipino.
(Chef Roline) Right?
(Kirby) Yeah.
(Kirby) And I see it with your granddaughter.
(Kirby) She eats the oxtail from Kare-Kare, and she's not even one year-old!
(Chef Roline) Yes…
So Tita, how do you define "Filipino Food?"
Filipino Food is a blend of many cultures,
Stemming from way, way back...
From the time of the Malays [Austronesians], the Chinese trading, the Arabs,
And of course, the many years of us being conquered by Spain,
And since the [colonial] government was seated in Mexico
So we have their food also,
And then the Americans [United States] came to
You know, "to save the day" but then of course,
We got the Spam from them,
We got all these kinds of food,
So our food is really a blend of these cultures,
(Kirby) Different cultures.
(Chef Roline) Yes, so I love it!
(Kirby) Wow!
As a trailblazing Filipna Chef,
"Tita Chef" 
*laughs*
What's your vision for Filipino Food?
Especially, here in the U.S.?
I really want our food to be mainstream.
I know it took so many years for us,
And then, now I'm happy that a lot of chefs
And a lot of, you know, young people are embracing our food.
And that's our goal, that's our mission,
It's really to educate people with our culture through our food.
And I'm glad that people are
Slowly, you know, coming together,
And really understanding what Filipino Food is about,
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Just like right now, we have Paella,
This is [from] a Spanish dish,
And it's really meant for special occasions,
We have the, like the Lechon Kawali for example
You know, in Spain they have this too, and also in Asia,
We have the Crispy Pork Belly, the Chinese they have it [too]
(Kirby) Lumpia,
(Roline) Yes, the Lumpia, is of Chinese origin and also [found] in Indonesia,
(Kirby) Yeah, and the dried fish,
(Chef Roline) Yes, and the dried fish,
We have all these food, that is really easy for the palate,
And easy understanding of other cultures,
That "Hey, you know, it's not so bad"
That Filipino Food is easy on the eye,
And easy on your taste buds, right?
And we have pickles,
(Chef Roline) Atchara, we call it Atchara
(Kirby) Yeah, Atchara/Atsara
But different ways of preparing the veggies,
So that's our goal, it’s really just
For Filipino Food to be accepted,
And people will be happy that “Hey, we’re here.”
(Kirby) Accept it for what it is, right?
(Chef Roline) Yeah
(Chef Roline) And no need to turn it around.
(Kirby) No need to change it to fit the mainstream.
(Chef Roline) Yes, that's our goal.
(Kirby) That's why you made this famous!
(Kirby) The Kamayan became really famous here [in Solano County] since you started serving it.
We know about [Kamayan] but not everyone was doing it.
(Chef Roline) Yes, we've been serving it but not everybody was doing it.
(Chef Roline) Plus, I'm here in Vacaville,
(Chef Roline) We're not really in Downtown San Francisco or in New York.
(Chef Roline) We are the underdogs, you know, it's fun, I like it,
You know, I'm stemming from little steps,
(Kirby) Baby steps.
(Chef Roline) Yes, baby steps, but it’s okay we’re getting there,
We'll be there!
Any advice for the younger Filipino Americans?
(Chef Roline) I want them to embrace their Filipino in them.
(Chef Roline) I want them to eat the food,
And not be embarrassed by, you know when you're eating Filipino food.
You know, like "Hey, I don't eat that..." 
Just embrace it.
You are Filipino, be proud that you are Filipino.
(Chef Roline) Right?
(Kirby) Yeah.
(Kirby) And I see it with your granddaughter.
(Kirby) She eats the oxtail from Kare-Kare,
(Chef Roline) Yes…
(Kirby) And she's not even one year-old!
(Chef Roline) Yes…
(Chef Roline) That's how I started her,
That's her first teether, our Oxtail,
Oxtail, Chicken Bone, you know,
I make her eat Dinuguan, and even Ampalaya [Bitter Melon]
(Kirby) Oh, I still can't eat [bitter melon]
(Chef Roline) Yes, even Ampalaya
(Kirby) It's still hard to eat [bitter melon] for me.
(Chef Roline) You're not Filipino!… Just kidding!
*laughs*
(Kirby) I'm lacking in Filipino, it's not enough *laughs*
(Chef Roline) Not enough, *laughs*
(Kirby) I'm only about 99% [Filipino]
(Chef Roline) I feed her Ampalaya, because I want her to,
(Chef Roline) I want her to know 
(Kirby) The taste?
(Chef Roline) The taste, and of course where she came from!
(Kirby) Yeah, her roots.
(Chef Roline) Yes, because she's already here [United States]
Her parents are Filipino Americans, they’re already second generation,
I want her to know that, "this is your roots!"
You have to be faithful with where you came from,
And you have to be rooted.
Yeah, R.U.F.!
*laughs*
(Kirby) What does it mean again? Rooted...
(Chef Roline) Underdog, and Faithful
(Kirby) Wow, that's amazing!
(Kirby) Thanks Tita, Salamat!
(Chef Roline) Salamat din Kirby, Thank you!
Tita, one last question,
How do you properly say your name?
Because I call you “Tita Ro-LINE” but I’ve heard pepple call you “Tita Ro-LEEN”
(Chef Roline) I know right? It's "Ro-LINE"
(Kirby) Oh so it's really "Ro-LINE"
(Chef Roline)”Ro-LINE,” Yes
(Kirby) There you have it, it's clear 
(Roline) I know, it's clearly Roline
R-O-L-I-N-E
*laughs*
(Chef Roline) Thank you!
(Kirby) Thanks Tita, Salamat!
