Welcome to Panlasang Pinoy
Idols, let's make a delicious version of Cassava Cake
and it's so cheesy.
These are the ingredients that we need.
So, if you are ready let's go and start the cooking
I have here one mixing bowl and we will use this
to mix all the ingredients.
and at the same time. I already pre-heated the Oven at 350°F
First let's make the cassava cake batter
Mix all the wet ingredients.
First, we will be using 3 Eggs.
The good thing about the eggs if it came from the fridge
you need to take it out for 30 minutes before using it.
Beat the eggs.
Add the Milk. There are 2 types of milk that we will be using.
Evaporated milk, stir it well
Next, Add the Condensed milk.
This is 14oz, scrape it all.
So, This is Ok.
Continue stirring.
Add the butter, this is our melted butter
The best thing to use butter is to put it in the microwave for about 20 seconds to melt it.
But make sure to watch it so that it will not overheat.
continue stirring it.
Add our 'Kakang gata'
It's so thick, this is 'kakang gata' or what we call Coconut Cream.
Coconut milk is different from Coconut Cream.
Coconut milk is the second squeeze, the Coconut Cream or 'Kakang gata' is the first squeeze.
This is Coconut milk in general, but if you will buy in the groceries that are canned or packed. The label is Coconut Cream not Coconut milk, this is what i want to explain.
keep stirring it well.
Next, Add the Cassava, 
this is a greated cassava
2 pounds
more or less 1 kilo
Put it gradually because if we put it all, 
the liquid mixture might splash on us.
keep stirring, once it is well combined,
transfer it to the baking pans.
This is so plenty.
once it was well combined, 
Add the quick melt cheese or cheddar. Make sure it is shredded.
If we use quick melt cheese it's quite challenging when we shred or grate.
so my technique i put it on the freezer to make it hard.
once it was hard, it is easy to shred or grate.
As you can see it was shredded nicely. This is the cheese we will not put it all. I want to make it cheesy and later we will also put cheese on the toppings.
After adding the cheese, stir it well.
Ok! It's looks ok. Just make sure to stir it well.
So now, we're ready to transfer it to our baking pans.
Make sure to grease your pans first.
You can use any pans as long as it can be in the oven.
Bake this at 350°F. I will use cooking oil spray.
you can use brush to spread the oil or butter in your baking pan.
Use laddle to transfer the mixture in the pan.
Make sure to put it evenly.
Wipe all the excess mixture in the pan so that it will not burned.
After wiping, put it inside the Oven and baked it for 1 hour.
While we are waiting we will be making the topping.
When it comes to topping, Combined the Coconut milk, 
7oz of Condensed milk.
And Butter. Mix all the ingredients well.
After the Cassava is baked,
 pour this toppings on the Cassava.
How about you lods do you have a story to tell?
About the Cassava ofcourse not the Eyebrows.
Ok! Story about the Eyebrows. How was your pampering? Did you sleep well after they shaved your eyebrows?
I just want to tell you a story, I went with my wife on a Spa. I ask her if they do trimming of eyebrows since my brows was so thick and hairy.
It was an Asian Salon, I told them to trim my brows because it was so thick.
I close my eyes because i want to relax.
 When i open my eyes i was shocked. What they did was different.
But then I can't do anything anymore since it was all done.
How about you Lods, what is your story in making cassava cake?
Is it like this? What are the ingredients are you using?
On our first version we used sugar but in this as you notice we didn't.
Add the cheese on the mixture.
Mix it well. Add the remaining cheese.
Mix it well.
I will show you how it looks like inside the Oven.
This is how it looks like inside the Oven.
After 1 hour, get the Cassava  in the Oven.
Mix again and pour the mixture on top of the cassava.
Spread it evenly.
Put it back inside the Oven and bake it again until the topping is baked.
Lods, Our Cassava cake is ready. I also prepare tea, for me this is the best partner for cassava cake.
How about you? What drink do you preffer? Tea, Coffee or anything else? Kindly Comment down below.
I will set Aside this one first to give it to our neighbors.
This one, I will taste it. 
I will just slice a small portion to taste.
It's still hot
I can't resist because the aroma is so good.
This is how it looks like.
I'm going to taste it
'hmmmm'
The sweetness is right. 
Delicious.
That's what i can say.
It's Delicous, and the texture is so good.
I feel like i'm floating in the sky.
What I like most is on the corner. As you can see lods, it is the tastiest part like caramelized sugar.
The taste is there. It's not so sweet.
 This cassava is... Sorry I cant stop chewing.
This cassava cake really melts in your mouth.
If you have left overs, you can put it in the fridge.
No worries because it will still the same in the morning.
I will continue slicing it. The kids will enjoy this for sure.
So Lods, here is our Cassava cake. Thank you for watching our video.
See you again next time.
