when it comes to street foods it is better to have sauce
so we will try to make some of the most popular sauces
welcome to Panlasang Pinoy. We will make three different sauce (Sarsa ni Manong) for this episode
sweet, sweet and spicy, and spicy vinegar sauce
and these are the ingredients that we will use for our recipes
if you're ready, lets cook
we will make first the brown sauce or the sweet sauce
i am heating the sauce pan
we will use onions here
we will cook we will not just mix it
because the sauce is better when it is cooked. i am chopping the onions
i use red onions but you can use different colors. and we will crush the one piece garlic
we will put oil and heat it
i will put the garlic
we will put the onions and saute it together with the crushed garlic
i will saute it until onions softened
cooking is better to extract the flavor of onion and garlic than mixing
onion and garlic caramelized
if you want shortcut, it's okay to not saute the onion and garlic but it is better when we saute
onions turning to brown
and also the garlic, but the important is to clings the taste of garlic in the oil
i will get pepper and roast it to clings its taste.
this is the star anise, an optional ingredient
and we will cook it fast
the star anise helps the taste of sauce, we will not cook it long to not over power its taste. the onions are okay
i will remove the star anise
if we cook star anise longer, the sauce will already taste like siopao sauce
once it is okay, we will already put one cup of water
just exact to boil it fast
mix and wait to boil the water
once it boils, cook it one minute
while boiling the water, the ingredients taste extract
once we extract the taste, i will drain the water
we will transfer it in the bowl, we will strain it
we can remove the garlic and onions because its taste already clings
we will strain it
we will only need the liquid
i will just scrape it
our liquid is tasty
we'll continue cooking the sauce
this is the leftover liquid. i will just get a whisk
this is the flour
we will combine the flour, and the water at room temperature
don't mix it with hot water to not clot
that's it, i will mix well
until flour dilutes well
i will set aside
it's okay to not filter the garlic and onion
we will cook it with the sauce if you like
i put here the mixture of water and flour
i will mix it and turn on the heat
mix it and wait to boil
you can notice while heating the mixture is slowly condense
it is important to mix well to not clot
we can already put the sugar. i use light brown sugar
because some of vendors' sauce is light brown
i'll continue cooking until it condensed
you can add sugar if you want
mix it
until we get the consistency. i'll also put little soy sauce. it will add saltiness on the sauce. we can add salt if it is still not okay
we are waiting it to be okay
we are almost in its saltiness, i will add salt
to make it okay
you can notice when it boils it is already condense. i will turn off the heat
i think this sweet sauce is already okay
i already get the texture
i will prepare the ingredients for the two sauce. the sweet sauce is already okay
we will make the sweet and spicy sauce
and the third one is the vinegar
we will slice chili and mix it with our sauce
it depends on you how spicy is it
it has sweet side and also spicy, it depends on you
i will just transfer this
in to container
i will just put half of it and its half is for the sweet and spicy sauce
this is okay
this is okay for our sauce
we will put the spicy
the chili
that's the difference from the sweet sauce, we can add ground black pepper
i am not cooking it anymore because the sauce is still hot
i am mixing the chili
this is our second sauce, i will put the sauce here
i will cover it to trap the heat and to cook the chili well
we will set aside the two sauces and make the vinegar sauce
white vinegar that i put in the microwave about 40 seconds, the garlic is optional, we will just crush it
we will chop it the garlic and mix it here
it is important to have more red onions in this vinegar.
we didn't cook it so it is better to put ground black better because its taste will explode immediately
we will add salt
and sugar
cover and shake it
we will add chili it depends on you the amount of it
after holding the chili wash your hands well
we'll shake it and this is ready
i will fry squid balls to taste the sauces
since we have different kinds of sauce i will recreate the Kwek-kwek video that I've did years ago tomorrow
we will do different styles of kwek-kwek
watch the kwek-kwek video that i will make
so guys, among the three sauce that we made which one is the best for you? comment down
let's taste the three sauces (Sarsa ni Manong)
these are the squid balls, what will I taste first?
i will taste sweet and spicy because it' is my favorite
delicious
it's good
we will add vinegar. before if you'll buy squid balls you'll dip it in three different sauce it's good
that is what i'm doing right now
good
overall, when we combine the vinegar and sweet and spicy, it's better. what do you think?  comment down below
if you have suggestions, feed backs, or anything comment down. you can also visit panlasangpinoy.com for our recipe. good bye
