I'm Vanjo Merano from PanlasangPinoy.com
let's cook beef stew. I have prepared a special beef stew dish for today.
I call this red wine beef stew
here are the ingredients for our recipe
this cut is called beef chuck
red wine
bacon, chopped
pearl onion, small type of onion
carrot, sliced
thyme
onion, chopped
garlic
we also need salt, ground black pepper, tomato paste and beef broth
here's a complete list of ingredients with measurements. Take a screenshot from your phone and take it when you go to the supermarket or groceries
are you ready? I'm ready!
so let's start!
pre heat cooking pot and add chopped bacon
cook bacon until bacon fat is extracted
then add onion. Chopped yellow onion, but you may use any color
you chop like this but you may chop it finely
cook this onion and bacon using the bacon fat for 20-25 sec.
add garlic
this is garlic is crushed then chopped finely
or minced garlic
continue cooking for 30 sec.
add beef
here it goes. Beef cut into cubes
this cut is called beef chuck or paypay
cook until outer part is light brown
add tomato paste
you may notice the bacon adhered on the pot. Don't worry we'll deglaze those once we add the red wine
here goes the tomato paste
mix and make sure it's well distributed
next is the red wine
you'll notice some of the bacon adhered on the pot. That's normal if you're not using a non stick pan
once we add red wine, the adhered bacon will deglaze
and will blend with the other ingredients
what's good about the glazed bacon is it makes the dish more flavorful
mix
add beef broth, beef stock will also do
you may also use water but I suggest you add 1pc. of beef cube to make the dish flavorful
let the mixture simmer
once simmering, add carrot
carrot is sliced thinly and diagonally
mix
we  have a special ingredient for our red wine beef stew
this is the thyme
this makes our dish aromatic and flavorful
add everything including the stem so we can extract more of it
we'll remove that before serving
cook the beef for 2-2.5 hours
in low heat. Until it's tender
once tender, let's add the other ingredients
by the way, in the process of tenderization. If you see the sauce is drying out, don't hesitate to add water
here goes the pearl onion or small onion
this is different from the onion we stir fried earlier. The pearl onion will give more onion flavor to our dish.
I removed the thyme stem by the way
we're now ready to season our beef stew
mix
seasoning is very simple
add salt
it's up to you how much you want to add. I suggest have a taste so you can know how much you need to add
same with the ground black pepper
you may also use crush black pepper
if you prefer a saucy beef stew, this is done
but for me, I want the sauce to reduce to half
please take note, the red wine will not make you drunk. It already evaporated once simmered on fire
but the flavor remains
our beef stew is ready
transfer to a serving bowl and serve
here's our Red Wine Beef Stew
come, let's eat
here's our Red Wine Beef Stew
it's so appetizing. But before we try it, let me sit
before we try it, I want to ask where are you watching this video right now?
we have a lot of friends all over the world watching our video. I want to thank all of you. Our Filipino friends there
in Middle East, our very hard working OFW friends over there. Kuddos for you guys
we have a lot here in North America
especially in California, Illinois and other states and Canada
I just want to know. Because here in Panlasang Pinoy,
it's not just about me and my recipes. It's about our community
let's now try our beef stew
for those who haven't tried this, no need to worry about the red wine
like what I've mentioned earlier, the alcohol evaporates as we cook but the flavor remains
so you don't need to worry. You will not get drunk
mmm~
mmm~ that's it
that's what I like in beef stew
the beef is tender and flavorful
we really need the red wine for this
if we added red wine and tomato base ingredient, let say the tomato paste
the combination has a great flavor
I enjoy eating. The pearl onion added a good flavor
mmm~ wow!
awesome
let's try more
what else can we eat with this? Of course with rice,
we can also top this on mashed potato
if you just want to try but pairing this with rice would be awesome
some pair this with bread
usually the baget
not bagets (youngsters), ok? Baget
you also spread this on a soda cracker like sky flakes. That would also be great!
this recipe is really great, you should give this a try
if you enjoyed this recipe, please like our video
please subscribe to our Panlasang Pinoy youtube channel if you haven't subscribe yet
please don't forget to visit where this all started, all our recipes is available at our food blog PanlasangPinoy.com
if want to search for something to cook. Today or tomorrow? Even if run out of recipes please don't hesitate to visit our website
thank you very much for watching
see you on our next video
if you have feedback, suggestion or questions
please post your comments, ok? Till then!
