 in November of 2000. The Philippine authorized the creation of this new unit under General Order number one, two, nine, two, the light reaction company was born. All right y'all, welcome back to Combat Arms Channel. Okay, so today we're checking out another big recommendation that I was getting from my fans over in the Philippines. So I appreciate you guys. We checked out the Philippines Scott Rangers. We checked out the Marsog. We checked out the Navsog. And now we're checking out the Philippines. LRR, which is our light reaction regiment. So I read a little bit about these guys on Wikipedia just to get a general understanding. But it seems like they're kind of like a counter terror unit. But they're also like army special forces. So some people have compared them to like the Philippines like Delta Force almost. So I guess we'll have to see. This video specifically is about the history of the LRR. So it should be good. It shouldn't give us a little bit of insight as to what these guys came from and what sort of operations they actually did. So again, I'm able to rock the Hawaiian shirts a little bit more now because the heat is now on in the barracks, which is really awesome. And then of course, I have the repelling elf on the shelf right here. And then we also have our Christmas lights. So again, I hope you guys can appreciate it. Christmas is coming up very, very soon, which is really exciting. Christmas is just a cool holiday, cool music, especially. I love hearing Christmas music all over the place. So people get tired of it. But me growing up in like New York and New Jersey, I can't get enough of it. So yeah, I hope you guys are getting in the Christmas spirit. And hopefully this helps a little bit. But let's get into this video. It's about five and a half minutes long. So not too long, but should give us a little bit of background on these guys. So let's do it. It's a high speed introduction right there. Prior to the creation of the LRR, the Republic of the Philippines maintained a small counterterrorism unit called A20, which belonged to the 33rd Special Forces Company. In the year 2000, Islamist terrorist organizations in the Philippines were growing strength. For sure. A series of high-profile kidnappings of American citizens captured Western attention. Now the United States wanted to fight the problem that the armed forces of the Philippines have been dealing with for decades. Oh yeah, it's a good team right there. Attack in 2000, let Ambassador Michael Shihan support the Bejoel filter, the deputy defense at the Shay, the push for the Philippine armed forces to develop a more robust counterterrorism capability. Okay. Yeah, so I don't know. I've never seen any Special Forces units specifically referred to as counterterrorism. But again, when you talk about the Philippines and what has happened in their recent history, yeah, counterterrorism is going to be big parts. Mainly because it's, you know, you have the terrorism on their soil and in their country. So it makes sense. You wouldn't really see a lot of like other countries who aren't really, who don't really have like a terrorist problem in their country developing a counterterror special operations for. So that's already pretty niche. And it's very understandable. Again, with all the kidnappings and stuff, you need specific teams to do specific operations. But yeah, so far we've seen like a wide range of like equipment. So yeah, we have like some nice helmets here. So normal helmets here. Different weapons. So like M4s, I saw an M14. We have these sniper rifles right here. So yeah, we're already seeing a bunch of different stuff. The night vision, I think I saw like a PBS7. And I'm not sure what this specific night vision is. But yeah, so he's got the M14. So yeah, okay, interesting equipment so far. The United States prepared to deploy a mobile train team of Green Bay Race to Philippines to train a new counterterrorism. Ah, okay. Hell yeah. In November of 2000. The Philippine authorizing the creation of this new unit. So it's relatively new. So it's relatively new. Number one, two, nine, two, the light reaction company was born. Hell yeah. But still they had to be trained and equipped. Bravo company. First battalion. First Special Force Group. Station at Okinawa, Japan was given the task of training the LRC. All right. So it's a good working relationship. Many of the Indian Marines were at graduates of the SFAR from AEDC and S.H.O.D.I.C. were also regionally aligned with the Philippines. They were the perfect choice to mentor the new unit. All right. So that's awesome. I love seeing the working relationship between the United States and the Philippines. It's awesome just to have like, we see this now with the US Army's SVAB or the Scurdy Force assistance brigades. You have people going out there and training these like militaries and these police forces and everything to make sure they have the capability to defend themselves. And it's awesome. It's an awesome working relationship. It works for the US because the US doesn't have to send as many people to support if those people have the right training and they have, you know, the good enough equipment to make sure that they can do it. So it's awesome. I love seeing that. Especially the Green Berets going out and teaching them. If you're trying to get like a really solid Special Force Group, you know, built from ground up, it's nice to have that input from the Green Berets especially if they have gone through Specialized Training to assist in these specific operations. So it's cool. I love seeing that working relationship going on. We've spent $25 million to support the unit. Okay. The unit sources it's personal from Scout Rangers and Special Forces and then trains them along counterterrorism lines which was done by the US. There were also some rivalries as the two other Army Sock units. Scout Rangers and the Special Forces eyeballed the new unit suspiciously. The fact that LRC or the Light Area Action Company was getting the state of the art weapons and equipment, the LRC had all the good stuff. Yeah. The line gear, whatever the B11 guys had, the LRB had. That's funny. The action company nearly had their first counterterrorism training course cut short. Wow. As the military wanted to deploy them and needed to be down south to Lassivir. The mission was to locate and rescue two American missionaries who had been kidnapped right at the SIA. Okay. So they're already getting operations like instantly. So yeah, that rivalry. I can understand that when you have like a new force coming up and all of a sudden they have like much better equipment than you. Yeah. Of course you're going to be like, you know, low judgmental. But when you have people who are trained to use this specific equipment by, you know, like green braze and everything, it's going to work out just fine. And again, if they have that specialized training from those other people, then, you know, maybe they are a little bit more entitled to the equipment. I don't know. Again, it's going to come down to, you know, their mission and what they actually need. But I can see why some people would be upset, especially if they're, you know, a new unit and they don't have the experience with the older equipment. I can understand that. But yeah, at least they're getting the right equipment they need for the jobs, especially counterterrorism. It's not an easy job. We're taken from resort. You're staying at wild celebrating their 18 wedding anniversary. Okay. The LRC hit the ground and began their search but suffered from command and control problems. It was an issue and then make among Philippine SOF units. While deployed, they fell under the command of local carrier command. Okay, that makes sense. We usually do not have special operations for you or know how to problem with such units. Yeah. The LRC company also deployed in their search alongside a company of Scott Green and the company special forces. Together creating the counterterrorism task force. Oh yeah, you have special forces with the fight. Okay, so task force is an awesome way to do it. So when you have like this rivalry, it's nice to get the task force because then you have people working together. You can understand what each person's like mission or specific nuances are for that specific unit. So working together would increase the understanding from units to units. And again, it will definitely help with the command and control because you need a certain, you know, you need people who are experienced one, but you also need people who know how to employ special forces. And if you don't have the right command and control, then you're going to have the unit sort of misuse and that's definitely not what they need, especially when they have the right equipment to do the job. They need the right command and control to make sure they do it. We tried to help as business to do it. But just months after the 9-11 attack, it shook the world and the war in terror and the war began. Rumor has it that some US special forces members were Philippine military uniforms and were on the front lines to their host nation counterparts. At this time, there were also Philippine commanders who assigned American special forces advisors. Okay. Those advisors had to go wherever their counterparts did. So if he was on the front, then so were they. Oh yeah. However, these American soldiers did not engage in a firefight. With LRC's initial deployment, other problems began to emerge. The LRC has to be highly specialized unit. It can keep them in the field for more than six months. You have to bring them back and be trained. Okay. So yeah, that also makes sense. You see with like American special forces at least, I think like the Rangers are on like a three month deployment rotation. And most special forces from what I've seen aren't more than like six month deployments. So you need to be able to go out there, operate, come back, retrain, and then also whatever lessons you learn down deployment, you can bring them back and sort of change your tactics. Especially for a new unit like this, they're going to want to, you know, try and evolve their tactics as much as possible. So whenever they go out there and get that experience for their counterterrorism operations, they need to take that experience, come back and sort of talk about it and see what they can do a little bit better. So it makes a lot of sense for them to make shorter rotations, especially when they're not that experienced with the actual operations. But the advisors definitely do help. And again, that's what you see now with the SBAB. They're out there advising. Not really getting too involved. They're just trying to make sure that they can be self-sufficient, that that specific units in that country can be self-sufficient. The full pin arm forces were learning the same lessons that the US Army did. When it stood up the Delta Force, A squadron and B squadron were initially created, but soon they realized that B squadron was also required. Thus, it needed to become a battalion with three companies. Okay, yeah, a little bigger. If nice. We are now looking at training soldiers in an urban setting to this day. The Light Reaction Battalion partakes in urban operations, particularly in the urban setting. Two of which were the strongest in the Marawi. Yeah, that makes sense. Especially what we've seen with Marawi. Marawi. They're going to need that CQB experience in that training. I like the camouflage. All right. Okay, so that was from the YouTube channel Phil Defense. Again, I'll put the original videos down in the video description if you guys want to go check it out. Yeah, pretty good. I like the history lesson and talking about how they're formed. Again, it is a pretty new unit, so they're probably going to be changing a lot. But I'm not too sure what their selection looks like as opposed to what we've seen. Again, he was saying that they do get people from other special forces to go into this unit. So you have people who might have that experience already and who already have that discipline and physical fitness. So that'll help out for sure, but I'm not exactly sure what their selection process looks like. If you can find any videos, if you all can find any cool videos about the LRR specifically about their training or like follow-on operations, I'd love to see it. I might not do a specific reaction to that additional video, but I'd love to check it out just to see what these guys do. But it's awesome. Again, it kind of sucks when you have units built out of necessity for certain things, especially like the problems they were having in Marawi. But you need people to be able to assist with that and make sure that that doesn't happen again. Like they said, they saw what was happening in Marawi and they realized they needed that close quarter battle training and that urban training. And it's completely different beasts. Again, most of what we've seen with the Philippines is they have a really solid expertise with tracking and just being in the forest, being in the jungle. But however you are going to need those urban skills, those urban operations experience. Just because if terrorism does come into your country, it's going to root itself in those cities and it's going to happen like that. So it's nice to have the capabilities to be able to respond to that. But yeah, these guys are cool. This is an awesome little history lesson, I guess. But yeah, if you guys can find any more videos about these guys that love to check it out. I do love doing historical videos. I don't do them as much just because I'm trying to like see all these units and all these different countries and how they do certain things and how these units sort of compare. But whenever we get like a good overall knowledge of all these units, we can start going to the historical stuff a little bit more. But this was like a cool little history of the Philippines LRR. So yeah, I like it. I like the little change of pace. Hope you guys appreciated it. Let me know what you think down in the comments section. If you were in the LRR, let me know how that was, especially the selection. If you can talk about it. And yeah, I mean, it just be awesome to hear about it. I know I have a lot of fans over in the Philippines. So I appreciate you guys. I hope you guys appreciate this little reaction video because I did get this recommendation a bunch. So I'm glad I was finally able to react to this one. But yeah, it was a good one. I'm excited. I want to check out more about the LRR. I'm sending those recommendations, especially for any other Philippines units. I'm down, check them out. I do hope you guys enjoyed the video. That is it for this one. So we'll see you all in the next one.