 What's up guys, it's Alice. I'm back from Wisconsin and I'm here for another video. Okay, I'll try. I'm safe. What's up guys, so today we're gonna watch the S.D.19 Gento music video. He also saw my reaction. So this is to kick off the World Tour, which is happening really soon. Okay. They're biggest World Tour yet. I feel like they just fell on tour. It was like not even six months ago. Wow. Okay. One thing I noticed was this year, the venue, I thought it was gonna be a bigger venue this year. But surprisingly, it's similar capacity, even actually even less people. It seats less people. It's this year's time, the website's called the website. And I was like wondering what, but then I realized it's because there's more stops this year. Oh okay. So like... We're talking about more cities. All the Canadian 18 came to the New York show because it was like the closest... Yeah, right. It was the only option. But now there's like I think three stops in Canada, which is, you know, it's huge. Yeah. Canadian fans are getting served. They're performing in Chicago this time, they're performing in DC, along with like the LA and San Francisco show. So it's, you know, much bigger, more ambitious. Wait, that's really exciting, yeah. Yeah. Because I really watch this. It's gonna be kind of more... Kind of more her reaction. I'm kind of just sit there and just watch along because I just want to watch it with you. Okay. Yeah. Let's hop in. Alright, let's sit. Okay. Dirt. We're outside. Oh. Pablo's just cooking up something. What is he cooking? Yeah. Okay. So what is he cooking? You know what it's like? It looks like...yeah. Oh, Josh is okay. Like some of those pookie bells. Oh, oh, my gosh. Oh, I'm gonna show her. Who's that one? I think that hair color on him by the way is just so... And Justin looks really good as well. Yeah. Looks like a big new game character there. Well, that was a cool transition. They're in a cave. There's a reason why they're gold miners. I'll like... We'll see if you pick that up. It's a good beat though. I'm liking the chorus right now. Okay, a little dubstep mix. It's very like... It does feel like a real... A dubstep. A dubstep mix. You know? Yeah, I think it's... And couplements to video because it's like very... You know, they're miners. Yeah. And I think I like to have a choreography mirror. Is that on me? I think it's like their hair. Okay. That is my massive construction vehicle. And it looks real. Oh, oh, whoa, it's so cool. That was a really cool transition. I think the directing of the U is so cool so far. The vocal fire? Pretty well. I have to... So, I don't usually... Yeah. I didn't want to pause at first because since I don't have my normal set up, it's actually... It's gonna be harder to edit and doing myself. I'm making it harder for myself. But I heard that... I'm gonna have to do it. I'm gonna have to do it. I'm gonna have to do it. I'm gonna have to do it myself. But I heard that they signed recently with a new... Not like label, because I think they started the only label. But they signed with a new video production team. Creative team. That's the way it's Sony Music Philippines. It feels like levels up. It feels like a business scale. Like the set, the props, the lighting, everything just feels like... It feels like I'm watching the... Like something in a movie. I think it just goes to show what the technology can offer. When you're working with a company like... You know, like some music Philippines, like equipment, just resources. I guess that's what I mean. Like technical resources. That bigger like companies or production. It just feels different. Yeah, it does. It does. Also like I've never... Like signups have seen a music video filmed in a K before. So that's like... So... So you... Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if I have not. Yeah. These lyrics by the way. I had... Oh yeah, I've been too busy with like the visual. I haven't even seen the lyrics. I'm so... Oh. Oh. I like how this is dangerous. It's dangerous. Oh. So... Let's go. It's like way back. She's... I like how this is dangerous. Oh. So... Let's go. It's like way back. She's... I like how it goes up. The song is more like... Yes. Yes, it is. It feels like almost like a dance track, a party track in a way. It's fine. I like it a lot. I like it a lot. I like it a lot. I like it a lot. I like it a lot. I like it a lot. I like it a lot. I like it a lot. I like it a lot. Ok. Yes thank you. I like it. Gosh. I like it you are all so cool. Oh. I like it. Just like... I'm torn to pieces. Just like... I'm giving 100%. It's okay. A little dance break over it. What is that? very very smooth oh i like how they really do the self-care kind of angle yeah this is insane third option quality really good oh yeah it definitely seems like last time they went from one of the groovy sound and i feel like this time was from one of the it feels like just a party track but i love it right it's like upbeat um what is that? is that an ant maze? oh i'm trying to figure that out too for a while wait what? this other being washed by aliens? yes that's honestly really philosophic what do you mean by that? because like lowkey like i think that represents the future maybe yeah no but like we could be looking down like we could be like aliens could be washing our planet right now in that same way i hope this is not a stretch but the more i think about it that that ending scene with the aliens washing over i know they there was like some text subtitle but i don't know that that visual of like the aliens like the very futuristic thing like there's them being washed by some out of this world force feels kind of like it's an expression for they're becoming more of a bigger name in the industry there's more eyes on them not only by the general public but kind of just like the corporate world yeah i'm pretty sure that aliens were wearing suits like i do think it's like a representation of like another factor like whether it be like the big dogs in like the industry or like these corporate leaders like watching what they're creating like what they're putting forth like how they're growing and it's just like becoming a bigger presence in the industry they're being studied like they're literally kept in that little like yeah think about it they are pioneers they're the first uh from from what i know you know Filipino idol boy band to have the success they have you know like literally they're having a world like a huge world kind of a second world tour in the states and it's kind of just like let's keep an eye on these guys right like they're being studied they're being like like observed it's so symbolic because this whole music video is about how like they're really telling the story about themselves they're their story about how like it took them time to get to this place you know like them working from the very beginning till now it's very similar to the process of mining for gold you're mining you're mining something it's like you're a minecraft you don't know when you're gonna find diamonds in this case gold and you just have to keep at it right keep at it not knowing if that's right i guess that i have this big time to talk about the ganto so ganto i guess has various meetings um in the subtitles after they say ganto in front of the seasons it's like this so that could be one meaning but then also they're saying how ganto is similar to ganto which means gold which translates to gold oh okay so that would make sense with all the mining comparisons and like they were in the caves and like the choreography of the like this that will add up i love when the concept is directly tied to like choreography and but just like the meaning of the lyrics just like the meaning of the song usually i feel like stellar josh have been my favorite not necessarily favorite but what i'm like watching as we 19 like music videos they like i notice some what you have a you have a bias i do i think like my bias is like josh and silly i couldn't pick so i guess i have the two biases but wait wait wait wait you off i think ken really took it from me this time i'm like i love i think his voice is just so sick just it's just sorry you i didn't get say last time um i think Pablo really came to like take into my my vision my senses wrap one wrap one especially towards the end when they had that little dance break to like wrap up the song like he did a lot of his really feeling himself like the wave and choreography i was like okay so i feel like for this era like i don't know Pablo was really feeling himself and i would take that they were good bro you know how i touched on the fact that like the obviously why it was a very pop yeah song you know very retro pop i feel good yeah this one like you said is more of that kind of like party performance song you know like perfect a perform at concert um so i guess that that works well for the tour i can totally envision it now like they're gonna have this song come on and everyone's gonna freak out and start like getting down to it just rhythm wise i really love what like what they did like insulin first time i was like don't don't like that sounds like a one of these charismatic songs you know that sounds like a rhythm that's just so easy to just like get get down to the end for sure so