 Vitya Friday. Differacious. Incredible. That's how I'm gonna start this video. Incredible. Just by the title of this video, you already know you're in for a treat and it's probably gonna make you question everything you know about breathing. These are Philippines' longest breath holding and sustained notes while singing. It's like a compilation that someone sent through. I would presume we were gonna see some familiar names. Perhaps some new ones, but I've never seen this and yeah, it seems fucking over. But oxygen just be different. It's like you don't need that. I don't need a guy to go. And then in her mouth she has like a mint. How mad is that bro? How crazy is that? A pastille. That's what is called pastille. Yeah. I couldn't think of that word last time. But yeah, she probably had the clip. I mean, I don't know if Correll, I don't know. Everyone knows anyways. Jaya Rasi. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. Jaya. It's not only that they're holding the note and maintaining a continuous breath flow. No, no, no. They're proceeding to be belting in incredible larynx possessions that also required physical anchoring and also changing into a different note. So the musical singing journey of it, it's absolutely why. I wish they would have put like the note of their reaching. Oh yeah, that would have been cool. Let's see. It'sボカ one cent away from his heart. After this he's going to have to stand, not have a desire so tonight he's gone. There he is! You would know that way right? Yeah, actually, but transportation is zabites to acquire a strongよろしく Plus week of time records. There you go, your audience. You see that's crazy! Oh, Kaila! Wow! Kaila! I have no idea this video existed! No, I know. This is amazing. Oh, sure. She's so anchored from the beginning, right? So incredible. Oh, gosh, that is so full. Oh, Lani. Oh, Lani. Whatever second she's going to hold here, she can go longer. That classical training is no joke, bro. Oh, yeah, it comes in clutch. Oh, my God! And she's actually not accessing that classical last break of the video. Oh, come on. It's just for jeep. Ah, do you know what she do? She just stands there. So full, damn. This is in the same notes as Regina's last video. I don't know why I want to see this on F-sharp, probably not. Oh, my God. Literally the most covered song I think I've ever seen in one country. Yes, well, that's about one minute. Over myself is who is. It's Celine Dion, that's what. Hey, bye-bye. Ah. Oh, yes. Sarah James. Oh, this is a episode, a cake for her. Oh, yeah, damn. Put that in here. I like this one's better. I like this one's better. I like this one's better. Because obviously range is like. Put that again. Obviously range is super impressive. And it drives people mad and stuff. To me, it's the color that you can provide to these things. And I think that's why she's so impressive. Because range is only one aspect of things. It's not everything. So it's like you can have great range, but then have shit texture, or not be able to tell the right story, or be able to connect with the piece. And then it's like, yeah. But if you can have all of them, which I think every singer that we've checked out right now, Kyle Lajaya, Angelin Quinto, Lanim Isalucha Regene, they all do have the ability, hence whether some of the best in Asia. But this aspect of things, it's what I think is like a true elite. I agree. She's not even anchored. She anchored there. Oh, that's beautiful problem. What the hell? Oh, so good. Is that powder? It is. It is. No, I think someone is. Oh, that's really interesting though. But you see, she was moving through that whole singing phrase, with one breath. What the hell is that guy? Yeah. Go, Shireen. Yeah, TFC. Shireen Regis. Oh. Shireen Regis. Shireen Regis has mad pipes, bro. Mad pipes. And she's such a tiny person. Mad, bro. Like, it's not. Yeah. Oh, that's really cool. Yeah. Shireen Regis has mad pipes, bro. Mad pipes. And she's such a tiny person. Mad, bro. Like, it's not. Not even funny. 12 seconds. 12 seconds and a half. How? And just a thought. That's what you mean. Pretty women as well. Oh, wow. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. For example. The Adipallanshaw. 13 seconds. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We're at 13 right now, right? Like, and we're halfway through. What the hell is the ending for two minutes? You know what's beautiful about that? Yeah. Okay, I just shared this. Dude, I'm actually back. It also moves so quick as well. Her voice stimulated a little bit. But this is mad because in that, in that last clip, you were also seeing that she, this is an EC, part of her vocal range. This isn't like one of those comfortable bars of her singing phrase. So she's really just allowing the breath to be sustained. Which is tricky though, because how do you maintain the note to keep the same tension throughout without wavering any bit out a little bit more pressure or a little less pressure is just the right amount of air for 13 seconds and a bit. That is actually so crazy. Okay, okay. Same technique here, how? I give you a laugh. I feel like I recognize the name, but I read that. I don't think so. That sounds so easy. You know, to this day, I haven't heard... Oh, shit. That's actually perfect. Like, that's why I think she's became so legendary. It was in moments like this, where she's like... Sitting down, having a blast. Yeah, whatever, but it's like... It's just the take. It's that, it's the take, it's that song. Like, you don't really get singers like that anymore. Yeah, so you get moments like that anymore. Like, I'm a big believer in like... That's why I tune into sports events and go watch concerts and even if they're online or in real life. You wanna witness greatness. Not only because I'm a big believer that chets contagious, if you're exposed to that and then you're also obviously putting the work in and whatever, you could... It could inspire you to do something similar to that. But it's so rare in different parts of the world, even now, to find singers that have those moments of greatness. That isn't filled with all the other BS. That's a music concert for being a music concert and she's a singer. And that's what she does. She sings. Nothing else. And she's the best at the world at that. And I think it's what's interesting about this, I think the Filipino music industry overall is that they really provide you with the idea of organic greatness. Like, it's not... It's about the true core essence of the talent itself and how it's been executed. Not about how we're gonna mask it up or put makeup on it. That comes after, like way after. I think a lot of people from all over the world feel like that. Like, in Korea and pop, people do feel like that. That's why when you watch shiny for the first time in life, in 2000 and I don't know when the fuck, 2009, 10, and they have these amazing concerts. You're like, oh my god, I've just witnessed the first time greatness. You want to always witness those ones. The record-breaking woman says, when people watch BTS in Wembley, they're like, oh my god, the greatest thing I've ever seen in my life. Because you're witnessing first-time greatness. You're witnessing something that is gonna be marked in history forever. When you watch, you know, like Lata Mangeshkar, if you're like, you know, if you're from like India, or in Japan, or like, one okay rock, or in China, or like... Watching you live, you're like, what is happening? In Malaysia, it would be, I forget her name, but goddamn, she's so good. I was listening to her the other day. Abdul. Abdul, what's her name? Ah. Seeing African name. But she's like a joke. And she sold out so many places. And she was one of the first Malaysian artists to do so. And then it was like... It was like a first-time greatness moment in Asia, you know? I mean, in the US as well. It's like when you, you know, Mariah Carey in her prime, you watch that, that's like, witnessed greatness. Oh, Jesse J. Life. And you're like, what is happening? Selling the on. It's like, again, different caliber of people. But it's like selling the on. When you watch that shit, that was witnessed in greatness. You know, that wasn't just a concert. That was something else. We watched Power Oti. When you, when you watch nowadays, like, Bocelli, André Bocelli, that's like, that's greatness in the flesh and blood, Stevie Wonder. That's like, great. You know what I mean? And it's rare. Those moments don't happen frequently. And in Asia, I definitely feel regime was one of them. Queen. When you watch Queen, you know. That's a special moment, man. Wow. See, you know, eras of regime. She's so fooling that tape. That tape... Wow, so... Can we,ances. chose now? Some F5? doesn't know naturally a long amount of time oh right a restaurant go go that's my choose another she's another western queen you see that like why why because I can't it's like it's like it's like why not it's like Thanos is I mean when he has all his stones they could figure it just end everyone out so why not watch out think why not por Mic It's saying again to me that last that's when it's mainly every era of Regina. This song is actually good. It's going to be the new obsession. So she had moments where she did it longer. How ridiculous is that? Go, Jonah, girl. Jim. She's so beautiful as well. It's a pretty woman. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh, she's out to get that seriously. Wow. Oh, Leia. Well, she is what you would call, like, textbook perfect singing technique. So she is really intriguing then to have a look at how what her breath economy would be like and stuff. No problem. Grit to be lifted, she's in her diaphragm. You can see it up in her chest. Oh, immensely economical. Oh, so is the eval and the softness of the song? She could carry on. And the funny thing is, you see what I mean? That was so much more impactful because it was not the highest in the entire era. So there's a lot of emotional interterrhyning into the picture. It does not matter. And again, when we speak to different singers from all over the world, it's like everyone obviously appreciates this. And this is an immense and, like, an anomaly, like, alien type skill, right? To be able to hold those notes for that amount of time. But emotional delivery intent, connection to the piece, text, your own colors. You don't have to do this to be a world class singer. These people are just crazy. And that's what it means. It's a compliment because they're going beyond, far beyond what you actually need to do. I guess you could argue with this, like with Jonah, with Lani, you could argue like their classical training. Does coming really handy for this? With Regene, you could argue that she is genuinely just an alien. That's normal. That it isn't normal. You get people like this every now and then in generations. You know, genetics are just genetics. And very rarely that you have the same vocal predisposition as someone like Regene. Sorry to crush your dreams, mate, watching. But yeah, then like, Laiasalonga is like a great example of like, you know, good genes. Work ethic, but like very like an immaculate vocal technical approach to things because of theatre. So you're different. It's a very different breed way of like, there's a different breed of singing. Yeah, it comes to theatre. It's like, I mean, you can use theatre like influences in contemporary singing and modern pop music. To do it at its chord essence, like, Racheal, Gohan, and Goh, and Laiasalonga. You got those really pinnacle moments where like the theatre technique comes through. And it's the core reason for it being the way it is. Yeah, another anomaly. And just with blessed ability from birth would be like Sharis, and now Jake Cyrus. So it's like, yeah, you do get these individuals that are like blessed from the get-go. Obviously without the training and work and ethic and the ability to execute on the pressure, you won't even know of them. But let's presume that they do have this ability like Sharis, Jake, and you know, Regene kind of do with those type of larynxes that just, it kind of, it's inexplicable sometimes. Yeah, but then you see people, for example, like Kyla, who are so naturally gifted, but they have also put in an enormous amount of work. Because they stylized it. That's the very interesting bit. So they've taken the extra step to go, I'm not just going to be encapsulated in this birth gift that I've received from God, but also style, a style, listically speaking, also narrow it down. Kyla's story is really interesting. If you ever seen the podcast we did with her and Jay, I would, Jay, I would highly encourage you to do. It's phenomenal. She's the sweetest woman ever. Yeah, Lily, I like, I want her to be part of my family, you know, like you want someone like in your life to be like that sweet and encouraging and understanding. And also her stories, no easy journey, bro. Like head dad was, you know, really believed in her, but that meant a lot of hard work and a lot of, you know, sacrifices and stuff. So mad, but Kyla ain't no joke, bro. Yeah. Oh, my God. I counted late and I counted 18. Damn. Thank you for watching. No, my God. Thank you for blowing my mind. I'm not a jamb though from the previous ones like 14, 15, yeah, 28, 21, 21, 21, 21, okay, 28, 21 seconds. I told you something. I'll tell you something. It, I honestly, I also John attacked the wind. Yeah. Yeah. Again, I think those classical singing influences come in clutch with this with this stuff with stuff. I would not be surprised if there's clips of Lani also doing this like 15, 15, 20 seconds. Yes, that is madness. Again, let us know what you guys think about it. And who would you put into this list? I'll try. I want to try. Oh.