 And we are back baby! Correct! Checking out more TikToks that you guys have tagged us on! You like to continue to do so? You can do so at WLSK15! Today we'll be going festive! That's right Christmas! Christmas festive! Can I have a Christmas hat? And a beard! Because, when you're going to find out that Christmas in the Philippines is very different to Christmas! Anywhere else? Yes! Just really have normal legs! Really? Today's episode is brought to you by Happy! Happy! Wow there's so many Harry Potter! Oh my god! Is that the Christmas card? This is the people Carole? Yes, it is! I want to go to the neighbourhood! This is it! Can I just say bring them to Sarri? We had some Carole done in our parents house and I don't know what they wanted! Usually because you give them money and they take that money back to the parish church. It's for denating to the community! Oh no! What did you give it? Oh no! Nothing! Well thank you for the Christmas! Oh no! That makes me feel so bad now! They were singing and I was like wow that's so nice! Well done! That's really nice guys! Happy holidays? Because I didn't just look at me as if I knew what to do there! I don't know, I had no idea! A fantastic way to introduce your little ones, your children, your creations, into music is through games and toys. Happy is a toy company that is committed to creating toys that further child development. We obviously like the music section. That's right! Like for example? This bad boy right here! Yeah! Oh my god! And he doesn't use batteries! So what a great way to introduce your little one into singing in front of the family crowd and getting used to holding a microphone. Oh! A piano! You can get him one of this bad boys! A dynamic sound upright piano, which is basically like a small cabinet piano. That fits literally everywhere! Yep! And also the build quality is awesome! Look! It fits me! Hahaha! It also has 30 electronic keys. It can be plugged or it also has batteries, giving you a lot more freedom and convenience. And the sound of the piano, it's very close in similar to that of a real piano. In case your child wants to become the next Jose Maria Chan! It also comes with an awesome songbook and it's really good for the kids to start getting accustomed to reading and playing at the same time. Correct! This is an outstanding way to introducing your children into more advanced music. It's a fantastic piano to do so. That's cool! Who said we need karaoke machines now? Link in the description below y'all! Next one! It's called Rama. It really has no weight. Grandpa! No, they got frees! Jesus Christ! Well, I love this song. I like she understands what we're like. I like Michael Cohen. Come on! Yeah! Yes, Lord! Yes! It's so wild, dude, because she does so many technical things correct. And obviously, here in the West, the UK, the US, the even South America, right? Very rarely are you going to get your grandparents or just elderly individuals to be singing in public settings like this, in the karaoke of the neighborhood of the herd or... And very rarely are you going to get them to belt like that. And that song is particularly difficult because it is like a ton of long singing phrases and it feels like a really long song. Well, it's because the singing phrases are long. It does exactly what it is. It's a marathon. And also, it has constant peaks. And those songs are incredibly hard to maintain. For anybody, even for the original singers, these songs that go up and down in dynamics, they ask a lot from the singer. That is incredible because some of the harder parts of that song she did effortlessly. Perfectly. Like, absolutely not a shadow of a problem with any of those notes. That is incredible. Not range, control, everything, man. Modulation? Go, Lola! Little child. In the Christmas fest. Wow, a little bro sounds like... Why is so cute? Arnell Pineda sounds like... Oh my god! This is Arnell Pinyu, I don't know. This kids are too reigned. Wow, it's so great. It's because they're so exposed to singing and stuff like that. All you need, genuinely, if you want to have a chance to sing in the Philippines, I think all you need is just to try to be a confidence. Because you had been probably been exposed enough and had tried it enough, either through the karaoke, through toys, through... In school. In school, your family gatherings and stuff. And, you know, they're on to giving you his tempestos, you know, go sing this song. And if you... I tell you to sing that, Janogibs. You know, I tell you to sing that, you know, Garibalensiano. You know, his 25-pestos kid. You know, go now by your... Those types of motivations are, you know, incentives like the toys, like from happy or stuff like that. It really encourages this type of like... Natural ability to do things. Because the opportunities will come. That's right. You know, the opportunities will definitely... This is so cute though, he did so well. Next. Oh my God. Limuel! Oh my God, Jesus Christ! Limuel Janice is a God. Oh, he really is. What? He's the karaoke. Monster. I think he's the rock monster. Oh my God. Garibalensiano. He really does have the karaoke Filipino starter pack though. A Coca-Cola, a table full of food, the flip flops. So when you go, it's like 90% of Filipino is a singer. I'm so proud to be... To say that I belong to the tempersand that cannot sing. That's tough. I think he's really close to 5% that people are constantly singing. It's a trio. It's not. He's a guest. They're restaurant. This is the part in the gig where they ask people if they want to sing with them. Happy holidays. The time can't be like a straw. Oh my God. Now the way they go looks at it. Carry on, dude. What? What? What I told you was fine, these guys. I just ran them a lot. People come up and be like, I know that song. I mean, they're always sitting, it grows out here like 10 times platinum voice. Honestly. I thought he was that song. Next, it looks like we made it. I don't know if you can see this. From the movies crew. Shout out my Cantonese man. They're not even there. What in the technology? Talk about Christmas spirit. Oh my God. I love Christmas. What? I love it. That is so good, guys. He's such a brine. It is. He's a track. That's so priceless the way God's work. Well, if that doesn't make you ready for Christmas, I don't know what will. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for watching. Happy holidays and make sure you get it two times to get your happy toys gift to your little ones and turn them into the next Jose Marichan.