 Music And another mini van, we're leaving on either day, we're very very sad, but we're off to a new destination, we're very excited to go to Paul Barton. Music Made to Paul Barton, it dropped off again at the bus terminal and then we've got to get a tutu to our hotel or a dry school. I think it takes about 10-15 minutes from here and again it's only about 50% of the seats, it's not too much to talk, so you can get there. Music It's not too bad, we've got a loft, we've got a lovely little balcony here, look, look down to the hut, it's lovely, look at the view out there. Incredible, Mollie, you're going to take a upstairs now then. It's nothing amazing, but you don't get that in Paul Barton, they're all pretty much the same, there's a loft bed with a fan, with a view over the basketball court. Enough of the room, you're not in Paul Barton for the rooms, just why they don't have facts, results, in Paul Barton to explore, so we're going to get out, walk down to the beach and just see what's going on. So just walking out of the hotel along to the beach and you can just see how useful tourists there are, compared to El Nido, this is like a ghost town, it's really really nice, I'm really looking for people to see what the beach looks like. Music The beach here is so, so quiet, I know most people go to white beach, which is like, I don't know, like a 10 minute boat ride away, I think we're going to do it in a little bit. But the main beach at Paul Barton is so quiet, we've got a few restaurants on the beach, bits of lovelies, like you've escaped everything. Music We're going to go there, but the river leading to the seas there, Molly Finch, she's found a bridge. Because I'm very clever, I think we just have to walk around it, and part across the river, the sense of a wave across the bridge. There's no one to ask, there's nobody to ask, no tourists for information. You just have to use your clever boat. It's perfect, isn't it? Music So we've now walked all the way up both ends of the beach here at Paul Barton, probably seen two other tourists, and all the bars, restaurants are really really quiet. I wanted someone to say that a lot of people will be out on island popping, if they do come to Paul Barton, or they will have gone to a white beach, so I think we're going to get the boat across the white beach. Music We can't get over how few tourists there are here, and we've seen stuff on here. In the last couple of years people come in here, so we thought, yeah it's built up, there's going to be a lot more people going. Still there's no one here. We're likely only people walking around this street. Yeah, apart from locals, and this is quite a lot of the restaurants and bars and things like that are. There's still no one here, it's so good. Music We're getting our shuttle, shall we say, to a white beach. You can get a motorbike there, you can walk there an hour, or you can take a boat and the boat is completely empty. It's all to ourselves, basically like a private little boat, I think it takes about 10 minutes, and it is 150 per person each way, but it's more of the experience taking the boat. Which way? Like this? Any time today? Ah! Ah look, expert. Music You have to pay a 50-page source of tourism fee, and I think that's actually each time you come to the beach, which is different normally you pay it and you get to come for the week, but here I think it's for the day, I might be wrong. I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure that's what they were telling me, but you have got unlimited use of hammocks, sunbeds and everything like that. Probably the best thing of all. I've found a hammock. Yay! Perfect way to chill out. Nothing peaceful. Not that many. Not the peaceful. Music Just set up. Just here, nice little spot. There's still hardly anyone around, and we're finding it really hard to get our heads around because it's so beautiful. There's coconut beach that you pass on the way. That looks insane. You can obviously guess why it's called coconut beach. There's just as many coconut trees, palm trees here, but it really is insane. And Matt has found a jellyfish. I don't even know. I don't know if it's alive. Yeah, that would be really sad. It's huge. I don't know if you can see it very well, but it's humongous. Just a quick update. The jellyfish is alive. We think it's stung a couple of people in the sea, so I was going to go in there. I don't think I'm novel. Music Music Music So we're looking to go back now. We've waited for us. We're going to captain. Here is Fawftoslic. So you're going to go and wake him up, aren't you? No, I'm just going to be in captain. Music And we're all going to captain up. We're going to take a look at the words that everyone in the green photos are. Head back to the walk bar and have a shower. And then head out. We're going to go to the restaurant with the best white parts here in Blomar. Alright, so we're back in the room. Molly is putting some stuff on the hard drive. Definitely not uploaded in here. But we experienced our first pork bottom shower this evening. It was good fun actually. It was refreshing, wasn't it? They don't have hot water, so it's like cold fresh water. And also they don't actually have a shower. It's a bucket and a hose or a tap. It's a good experience, isn't it? Yeah. And check this. A little trick if I can zoom in quickly. If you're not getting wifi, put a plastic bottle on top. It improves your signal, apparently. Off to Mabuti. I think it's like some sort of cafe, bar restaurant type thing. But apparently it has the best wifi. Everyone's told us this. I think it's got to be a vlog. I've got the laptop. We're going to try and get it up tonight. Just pray, pray, pray. The only bad news if I've heard it is vegetarian. I don't know what that's all about. But hopefully they do say it's vegetarian. It's nice. There's literally no light at night. It's an hour goes off. So Mully is using her phone to navigate us. Got the bikes with her light. I'm going to clue where we're going in. So I'm going in the booth and lovely. I'm really, really nice. So I'm going in the booth and lovely. That's a really nice French life. You know what I'm saying? It's actually a private work. I've got some of the blog posts. I think this one's across that. That goes up. But I think I did you burn it. You couldn't have had a light here. I've never tried a vegetable one. I think it is. I'm pretty good at different things. I'm pretty good at different things. I'm really, really good. So good. But we're going to eat this and go back to the hospital. You're going to have to have all the travel. It's going to be a very exciting day. We are going to island events and stay tuned for that. If you're new to the channel, be sure to subscribe. Drop a saline. Peace and lovely. Manyu! Not for people.