 Hey guys, it's AceBashCool. It's everyone, because I'm single and cool, because I am. I'm the number two YouTuber in Anvil City, Philippines. And this video, we're going to talk about Philippines versus Thailand. Now I've been to Philippines on and off many vacation since 2010 and I currently live here. I visited Thailand about four different times on short many vacations, you know, 2012, 14, 16, and 18. So I've been to Thailand a few times. All right. Philippines versus Thailand. The big thing is Philippines, they speak English. English is important, giving, receiving. Communication is big. Thailand, no English. You guys, when I was in Thailand, I met some girls. You have breakfast with them, lunch. I've spent hours with girls dating and you look at each other, you smile, you try and talk to each other, you say hi. But the English is just, there's no English. So you smile and laugh and just stare at each other across the table, but it's just different. There's no communication in Thailand. So that's one of the big things. Philippines, everything is cheaper. It's just cheaper in the Philippines. You guys, Philippines is still a third world country. The economy is still slowly growing. Thailand, there's better structure. I mean, just think about it. Bangkok is a huge city with skyscrapers and it's clean and it's just, you know, the structure in the economy is just a lot bigger and more put together. So Thailand is the head of Philippines when it comes to the economy and all that, which makes everything more expensive in Thailand. It's all business. So cheaper, the US dollar goes a lot further in the Philippines. All right. It's easier for expats here. You know, there's a big expat community. It's just easier to live here and get around here and, you know, the language is the barrier. There's a lot easier here than in Thailand. So, you know, when it comes to extending your visas and things like that, it's just easier for expats to live here compared to Thailand. You know, here, for the expats, you know, it could be more difficult to extend your visas and things like that. Thailand is a great place to visit, but really they don't want expats here. They don't want people living there full time. They just want tourists and vacationers and things like that. Here the Philippines is more acceptable for expats and living here full time and extending your visa and things like that. So it's just easier in the Philippines. The Philippines rugged, less infrastructure. So you can kind of think like country, farm, dusty roads, you know, farm animals, things like that. In Thailand, infrastructure is going to be better. Like I said, it's going to be cleaner and more buildings and the cities are nice and things like that. So, their economy is just faster growing and better than the Philippines. It's easier to find a girlfriend or have a girlfriend experience in the Philippines. You guys, and this, this can all, everything seems to kind of tie into communication, English. Filipino girls are beautiful girls. They speak English, you know, that helps. They, they attach themselves to fairly quickly within days, you know, they're, they're looking for a foreigner, maybe a relationship, boyfriend or something like that. But in Thailand, it's hard to find a girlfriend and it can also be, they don't speak English. Thai girls are more business oriented, business women, they want to work, they want to make money, they want to be independent. They're not necessarily looking for a boyfriend experience, a, you know, a relationship. Philippines. Average food. The food is great. I love Lupia, I love Pantsett, Kenton, Pantsett, and I love, you know, Topsylong. Filipino food is great. But my, one of my favorite foods is Thai food. Thai food is awesome. I would just say, you know, this is my opinion, but I love Korean food and I love Thai food. Thai food is awesome. I've been there. It's authentic, especially when you're over there. It's nice. Alright. Philippines are friendly to tourists. It seems like we're more welcome over here in the Philippines. The Filipino people are nice, they're friendly, they're smiling. They accept tourists over here on holiday vacation or even expats to live here full-time. They, they welcome us more. You feel welcome and more at home over here in the Philippines. So they, the Filipino are friendly to tourists. It seems like in Thailand, the whole, the whole business and we're talking about money and things like that. They kind of look down on tourists. They like tourists. They don't want you to live there full-time, but it just seems like they look down on foreigners and tourists in their country. They're not as welcome as you would feel in the Philippines. So here they're going to, you know, you're going to feel different. Alright. The nightlife in the Philippines. You guys, I'm right here in Anjali City Philippines. They do have a nightlife here. Walking street feels avenue from a road. They do have an entertainment district. It's only a couple blocks long. It's small. You know, they have bars and live bands and things like that. But they do have a nightlife in Thailand. If you go to Pataya, Thailand, it's 100 times bigger. They're going to have beach road, walking street. They're going to have different areas, beer bars. They're going to have all the soy streets, soy sex with 100 bars. So it's 100 times nightlife is going to be, you know, even if you compare Bangkok to Manila, Bangkok is just going to have all the, like, soy cowboy. It's just going to be bigger nightlife and entertainment in Thailand than the Philippines. Alright. Philippines. They're mostly Catholic. I think it's 88% Catholic. So Catholics and, you know, Christians are more family oriented. In the Philippines, you know, the families, the mother, father, the kids, they still live together for long periods of time. They take care of the kids, the children, and they take care of each other, the family. So it seems like Catholic is more family oriented. Thailand. They're more transactional. Buddhist. Buddhist is like, you're going to give, and what you give, you're going to get back, and it's just kind of give and take. It's more transactional. It seems like ties aren't as family-friendly and things like that. So, you know, there's a big difference in religions in the Philippines and Thailand. Alright. So let's go up here, guys. Words versus actions. So I've visited Thailand. I've visited the Philippines and I now currently live here. But since I've lived here, you hear all the time. Guys are like, oh my gosh, you have to go to Thailand. You have to visit Thailand. You have to go on vacation to Thailand. You have to go on holiday. You have to live in Thailand. Go to Thailand. And I got buddies that are over here. They've never been to Thailand. And that I, I'm guilty of saying that too. Go to Thailand. You've got to visit Thailand. Well, you guys, guess where we're all at. We're in the Philippines. We live in the Philippines. We're living in the Philippines. We're, we're enjoying the Philippines. So, you know, all this go to Thailand and they hype up Thailand. It's like, well, where are you at? You're in the Philippines. Alright? Hello! Okay, so I just want to make this video. Philippines versus Thailand. We can come up with another video. I'll break it down. You know, Angela City versus Bataya. The entertainment and things like that. So, this is A-Spatch-A-Cool. Thanks for watching this video. And we'll see you on the next one. Peace!