 I would definitely love the Philippines, the people that are really great. I love the Filipinos. I think Filipinos are the funniest people in the world. I love everything about them. Filipinos are so friendly and so loving. So there's anything I've learned from the Filipino people, it's friendliness. The culture is great, the Filipinos are the best I think in the world. The Filipinos and their culture, I love the culture and the Philippines. The first thing everyone says, and it's true, is that they are a happy people. They smile. Even though they have a lot of people with a lot of problems, they know how to smile, they know how to laugh, they know how to keep pushing on through or without, you know, just complaining. And that's something you learn quick as a missionary and you learn from their example is, you know, you're thinking, oh, you know, it's hot, this is hard. I don't know the language. And you learn that you can do hard things and still be happy and still enjoy yourself. That's something I love about the Filipinos is their ability to laugh and to smile. It's unlike any of any other people I know, they can just smile no matter what situation they're in. Another thing I love is they're very, just a very welcoming people. They treat you, you know, you could, something that's nice about the Filipinos is you don't have to track in the sense where you go knock on doors and say, hi, I'm, well, they're pet, I'm a missionary from the church. You just walk on the streets and you can just talk to people. You can say, how's your day? How's your family? And just start conversation with someone you don't know. And it seems like after a minute you can feel like you've been friends for a long time. They just are very open. You can ask them things, you know, that people would think you're crazy in America. You can know someone for a minute and ask how many kids they have and what their kids are doing and where they live and who their mom is and who their dad is and what they like and what they do in life. You know, you can get to know someone very quickly and it's awesome. You know, here in America someone was at wish that we were more open just saying, hey, what's up? Who are you? Where are you from? What do you like to do? Unfortunately, we don't do that quite as much here, but the Philippines, you really can talk with anyone and I love that. They're just a welcoming people. I also love just the faith of the Filipino people, how they're able to kind of like I said, get through hard times and do a hard of things knowing that they will make it and believing in God, believing in his hand to be there to help them. They have the faith to make that happen. It's a country where you can promise someone that if they do something, they'll get those blessings and they will get those blessings because they'll do it. They'll have the faith they'll make big sacrifices. That's something else's, the Philippines, they'll sacrifice so much for you. They want to make you feel at home. So when you're visiting members or even people you don't know who just recognize you as someone visiting and a servant of God, they'll give you the food they had for their family and they'll put it in front of you and make you eat. They won't give you the choice. They'll they want you to feel at home. They want you to feel comfortable and it's incredible to see how much they are willing to give up for us as missionaries and for other people. They have charity in that sense. I'm like really anyone else that I've known. So I really love that the Philippines are so giving. I definitely love the Philippines. The people that are really great, even though the culture is like completely opposite from America. I really love it. Their lifestyle is so simple. They just have a simple life. They're always happy. It doesn't matter what they have or they don't have. They're just willing to share with people. They're very kind. They're really easy to talk to. Usually you can talk to them even if they don't want to listen to those. They'll still talk to you at least for a little bit. And basically everyone has a belief in Christ. Different religions, different beliefs. But it's great to be able to just open up any conversation. You can just talk about Christ. They have Christ on their like jeep knees and on their tricycles. Everyone's very religious, which makes missionary work. Sometimes a little easier. Sometimes not because sometimes they're very firmly embedded in their beliefs. But they're very kind people. They're willing to share with the missionaries, their food. They'll help you with language. You can ask them how to cook stuff. They'll tell you. They're very nice, humble people. Filipinos are so friendly and so loving. They are so kind and so welcoming. It was such a different culture than I was used to here in America. And it surprised me at first how willing people were to talk to us, to let us into their homes. And to feed us, they're so polite. If you go into their house and they're eating, they will offer you whatever they're eating. Just because that's the nature of their culture. They're also very sensitive and can sometimes be easily offended. But they always do everything to try to save face. So they won't let you know that they're offended. And they'll kind of close off from you. And that's just kind of their culture. So you have to learn to be sensitive to that. And just love them despite that difference. Because I feel like here in America, we're very straightforward. We're very direct. And sometimes if you're like that with the Filipinos, they get offended because they're not used to that directness in their culture because they are so polite and so formal with each other. But I love Filipinos. They are so funny. They have this this really funny, sassy sense of humor that it takes a little bit to understand and to like find that their jokes are funny. But after you start to understand it, they are hilarious. And they'll make you laugh. And they love making people laugh. So it's great. I think Filipinos are the funniest people in the world. And that's just part of their culture. They love to joke and laugh. And that was a huge blessing on my mission to have that, you know, just to always be able to joke and laugh. And they are always partying. You know, they even lay into the night. They're on their karaoke. They love karaoke. And so that's always so funny to hear. Even if it's like really off tune. And you know, it's still really fun. It keeps spirits light. Let me see. Funny things that are like funny to Americans that I had to get used to when this is just a Filipino thing. When they don't hear what you say instead of saying what they open their mouth just like that. And so like when it first happened, when I first got to the mission, I'd say something like, and they'd be like, and then if they didn't hear it, they'd do it again. Like, I just keep getting wider and wider. And when it happened, I was just like, what's going on? And it took a while to get used to it. And so I realized they're like saying, what did you say? You know, that's just their thing. Another thing they use so many gestures. Their eyebrows up means yes. Just be like, and so I thought people were mad at me when they were doing that. I'd be like, do you do you want to come to church on Sunday? They'd be like, and I'd be like, excuse me. It just like seems kind of smirk, but but that mean they're like saying, yes, like yep, yep. And then I'm sure you've heard of the pointing with the lips. And that's really funny too. You'd be like, where's the bathroom? And I didn't think they heard me and so I repeat myself all the time. Let me see. They all do this Filipino squat everywhere. Just to chill. They squat on the ground. And that's really funny to see a 90 year old man doing it. And then three year old sitting right next to him doing it. I love it. And I actually still do that today. They, oh, they, what was I going to say? Oh, some of the food is kind of funny to me. For one birthday party, there was like hot dogs on a stick, but there was like marshmallows in between hot dogs. That was funny. They, I think sweet spaghetti is really funny too. You know, they're just putting their own twist on it. They hate to get wet in the rain. That's like the worst thing that could happen. And so when it's raining, everyone's like ducking with their newspapers or like anything that they can grab like banana leaves. And everyone's like ducking. And we probably looked crazy because we're just out there getting wet. And yeah, we were probably the funny ones to them. And oh, when there's two people talking, talking to each other, and somebody has to pass between them. They get down. They like crunch really, really low so that they can go by and they would say, scuss, scuss, because they're just so polite, you know. And I always thought that was funny because I'd be like talking to somebody. And then I'll be like, oh, oh, this is difficult right by me. Ducking so far down. Also, this is the last one. There's this word in in the Philippines. That we don't have an America or we don't there's not an English equivalent. And it's keelig. And keelig is the feeling that you get when it's something so cute, you know, and something's just like, I don't know when something's romantic and you just can't take it and they'd be like, so, so anytime there's anything like romantic, like, even like in a testimony meeting, somebody was like, my mission president, he was talking, he was like, I met my wife back in college and I loved her from the moment I saw her. And everyone's like, yeah, just like no matter what they can't control it, it's gekeelig sila, they get so keelig. And they just like crunch off like, so yeah, I wish we had a word for that in English because we feel it too, you know. You see something on TV, you keelig, yeah. No, I love the Filipinos. They are the sweetest, most kind people. They're so welcoming, so receptive. They're always willing to help other people around them and they're always giving you food, always giving you food every, have you go to, there's some sort of snack or full on meal if they can. They just, they love to help other people, they're so generous, even though they have so little, they, because they have so little, when they have, they give, what they have, they give to other people. And they're just so concerned about you and they're so cute, they're so shy, they are terrified to speak English and mess up. But they, they're so friendly, especially to Americans. They love Americans, they love the white skin, the different hair colors, they're fascinated by freckles. I don't know how much now, like, because Americans have been there for a while, but they're just, they're so cute and friendly. I love them. So amazing. Definitely like one of the best parts of the mission is getting to know the people and the culture there and really embracing the culture that's there, because I feel like sometimes it's easy to just want to, like, no, I have my culture, you have yours and try to keep yourself separate, but I personally loved that my trainer was like, no, you need to really try to adapt to our culture and like, try to take on our culture. And I think that helps me a lot because I understood my investigators at a deeper level and I was able to help them more because I was willing to really understand and live the way that they lived. So there's anything I've learned from the Filipino people, it's friendliness. They're really friendly. Really friendly, sometimes overly friendly. Like, you're walking down the street, anybody will be eating. Like, if you see someone eating while you're walking down the street, they'll call out to you, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, yeah, they want you to come eat with them. You can just be polite. That's okay, but they're very friendly. Everyone says hi, everyone greets you. They're smiling all the time. So yeah, just learn how to be friendly because it's a Filipino people are friendly. I love everything about them. I don't know. The people are probably my favorite just because like, going in kind of like I said earlier, I was like really scared and like, I didn't know the language I was in is speaking. I didn't know anybody there. But they just, they accept you so quickly and I, I feel like I learned a lot about loving people from them that they didn't care where you came from. They didn't care why you're there, but they loved you anyways. And they share anything with you, even though they were a lot of times short for themselves and their family, but they would give anything that they could. Just because of who they were. And that was probably my favorite like, thing about the Philippines, but I mean, it's a beautiful country, even though I didn't serve in like the tropical like beaches or anything like that. Like, it was so beautiful. And it really like opened my eyes to like the world that got created for us. It's so diverse. And it's so beautiful. I like sought animals I've never seen before and I've eaten food I've never eaten before. And like, just like experiencing something completely different was really a good experience. And it was very life-changing I guess too. And I mean, and even just like the little things like the way they get around, like transportation is so much different. It's like mostly public. And people like I said don't really own their own cars. And so like they take buses and jeep means that are kind of like old military like jeeps. And they just open the back out and you just kind of squish yourselves in. And you know, and they have people like taxi. So like little bike and you hop on and then take it around. So everything was just so different. And the language was great too. Like I've never even heard of it. And it's such a unique sound, but it's like so beautiful to me now because like I got the opportunity to learn it and to live like that for a year and a half. That it was a really unique experience, but it was so great in every aspect too. The culture is great. The Filipinos are the best I think in the world. They have because their third world country, they're very humble and very nice. And because they're also humble and they live in such humble circumstances, they're willing to share the world with you. And even though the world may not seem like a lot to somebody coming from out of their country, it's a lot to them. One of the cultural things is Filipinos will never eat the last thing on the plate. Like if you have some food out, they'll never eat the last rice. They'll always leave it for somebody else because they're caring and they're thinking of others. Same thing if you come into their home and you look thirsty, even if they don't have like juice or something, they'll go out and buy some juice with like whatever they have and share it with you. They're just they're the nicest people. They're an Asian country. So of course they have a lot of respect to their elders and I've got a lot of that Asian culture, but they're also third world. So they're very, very humble and very respectful and all they do. They're just the nicest people ever. You don't really get your door slammed in your face ever because they're so nice. You will have people turn you down and especially in the city it gets a little bit more people are a little bit more busy so they're a little bit more edgy and they're a little bit more harder to get into the home. But with Filipinos you almost always get a first appointment. Like when you knock doors you almost always be able to walk in their door. The problem is this is the second and third time. They are so concerned about your feelings and how you feel. They don't want to turn you down so they'll either just hide or avoid you and try to like not make contact rather than tell you up front like hey we're not interested in the gospel right now. They'll just be like oh you know that's cool but I got to go to my grandma's or whatever and they'll make excuses and they'll be very polite so sometimes you have to kind of feel that out and kind of feel where they are and just kind of understand where they're coming from because they're they're too nice to say no basically they're just really happy. That can be a really good thing for missionary work because sometimes like they're just so easy going that when you set appointments you can go and you can have those appointments in their great but sometimes that becomes a bad thing because then they commit like if you ask them like oh will you read the book of warman they'll be like yes of course I'll read the book of warman you're the best don't read everything and then you come back the next day and they're like so did you read and they're like oh I totally didn't and they're just committing basically to help please you and to help you feel better about yourself not because they're actually committed to doing anything which is very nice and very polite but also kind of makes it a little bit harder to read them and understand where they're coming from and they're pointing at you so it's they're really nice really good people but sometimes you just got to work with them and kind of beef just straight and be like hey look we don't like your person you have feelings how do you feel about this and they'll be honest they're really nice like I said though I literally see in Filipinos like stop what they're doing and come help the missionaries a lot of times you'll get people who don't even know you out in the countryside and you'll be writing you'll be walking down a long country you'll ain't try to get to your next appointment somebody will pull over out there and jump in and you're like all right so you get on their little farm tractor whatever it is they're driving at the time and then you ask them like so are you a member like how did you know where others are like no the elders just taught me once back like four years ago and they were really nice so I'm saying guys walking I thought it's too hot to walk so and like they're just super nice that way so super super hospitable and all ways possible I would have to say they're they're very cheerful for the most part and they're very resilient very adapted they live a very hard lifestyle half the time they never know where their next meal's coming from are are they gonna get a next meal you'll get hurricanes coming through we had two in a period of two weeks at one point because massive flooding destroyed homes I don't know about casualties I didn't get to hear on that but I mean they live in a very dangerous place if the weather doesn't get them illness as well if that doesn't get them then there's the the militant factions that come out of the mountains and kill people just you know because there's it's a very difficult place to live life is incredibly hard and yet they are very cheerful they're very optimistic they're very happy they they look for the the sunny side of things quite a bit I was amazed at how resilient they were you'd see the children playing and they were just as happy as can be playing with bottle caps they'd find games to play with bottle caps something that we would throw away without even thinking about it they would play with for hours they had a blast with them they would play with a a match box they would divide it into spaces and save spiders and put them in they would play with spiders and let them crawl in their hand they would try and get them to bite their fingers yeah not my favorite thing but you know it was amazing what they could do to find enjoyment in life they didn't have to have fancy things not that they would have turned them down if they had the option I imagine but they didn't need them and they just they were a very feeling and a very believing people they're very religious it's a predominantly Christian nation but they are very they're very big on on living their religion at least according to their understanding they feel things very deeply they're very deeply feeling people and so it's really actually quite easy to help them feel the spirit because they look for it that's that's kind of how they live their lives according to the way they feel and the impressions they get and things like that it's it's not a very secular society in that regard where they live by logic it's it's more long lines of does it feel right does it feel good does it you know does it ring true and so for in that respect we had a lot of success as missionaries in in bringing people to begin a testimony and they were they're the most caring and giving people I've ever met to strangers you'll be walking past somebody's house and they'll invite you in for dinner just because you walked by they'll give you the shirt off their back they'll they'll help you they'll do anything they can to help you they're incredibly kind and just very giving there were many times where we would be walking by and they would invite us in for dinner sometimes we'd accept sometimes we couldn't because we were on a way to someplace else but by and large they were very very kind and they would watch out for us they would they would warn us they would do anything they could to help us as I said they they believe that we were doing God's work even if we didn't belong to their church they believe that we were serving him and that deserved respect and so they were very respectful towards us and they were just incredibly kind I don't think you can meet a kinder bunch at least in my mission area I'd have to say you know by and large you know at least in that area it was that was their defining characteristic book hole it is known as the city of smiles because the people are incredibly friendly and kind