 I never thought I would regret leaving the Philippines this much, but today I really really met the Philippines. I miss the people, I miss the climate and I especially miss the food. I miss the food. I miss the food. I miss the food. Can you please help me cook pork? Of course I will. I will send you my recipe. So thank you. So there is going to send me a recipe to cook pork adobo. Adobo is like a typical Filipino dish. It's kind of like a style of cooking or something like that. And you can cook like chicken adobo, fish adobo and I don't know what else, but my favorite is pork adobo. So I got the recipe from Tina and I see I'm going to need pork belly, garlic, dried bay leaves, vinegar, soy sauce, pepper corn and salt. Let's see if we have salt. Hey Mark, can I use this to make pork adobo? So the first tip is I need to combine the pork belly, the soy sauce and the garlic, but I assume I need to cut the pork belly first. Also I'm by no means a chef, so if I'm doing something wrong, feel free to comment below in the comments and I'm happy to make better adobo. Also put the recipe of this adobo in the description below, so if you want to try it, don't be nervous. Also not exactly 100% sure how I should cut this, but I know that normally you get it in these fine blocks, so I'm just going to try and cut it up in small blocks. Okay, so I'm done with what I think is the hardest part of this process, cutting up the pork, so now I'm going to mix the pork belly with soy sauce and garlic. And I'm going to use half a cup of soy sauce. I ran out of soy sauce, do we have more soy sauce? Okay, I'm going to add the soy sauce now and then I think it is half tablespoon of garlic, two tablespoons of garlic. So I need to make sure that I mix it in really well, get that soy sauce all around the pieces of pork. I remember that I tried it before, but I hope I'm doing it a quick way. Okay, so I'm just going to leave this here so it can marinate. And while it's marinating, I'm going to... I don't have any red hose, but I do have black label. So I will just act like I have red hose, but we'll just have to do. It's a bit hot to throw up here and recorded at the same time, so it made a lot of fun, but... ...anyway. While I'm preparing the dobo, my mom's going through some photos when they were in the Philippines. And here they were eating, what is this? Do you think it's a dobo? Yes. Where was the photo taken? ... in the Maghiti. Do you miss the Philippines? Of course. Are you going to come back and visit me when I go there? I'm going to stay there with you. Are you going to stay there? Okay, so I guess the marinade is almost ready. My dad is preparing some vegetables. Mom's also preparing some vegetables for this. I'm just going to get that. Okay, anyway, so I can probably do the dobo now. I'm going to get the dobo. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, that's what I'm going to do. So it says I need to get all the marinade out from the pot into the thingy. I think that's good enough. To see the rest of the recipe, add water, whole paper corn, and dried bay leaves. 40 minutes to 1 hour. I will get the doobick. The doobick is water. This is a good time to tell you about our sponsor. This episode of the vlog is sponsored by our ISIS water. So if you're in South Africa, this is the water that you need. Whole paper. Let's call the doobick. Okay. One. Table spoon. Two cups of water. Oops. Okay, so I almost messed up. I just randomly started putting in the water. So I need to put two cups. Okay, now it says five pieces of dried bay leaves. One. Two. That's four. Okay, now, so according to the recipe, I need to let it simmer for 40 minutes to 1 hour. I just need to mention again that I absolutely do not know what I'm doing. So feel free to help me in the comments. I might do a re-drive. If it's a terrible fail, I'll redo it. I almost forgot about the rice. How did the rice? Yeah, you can't forget about the rice because no rice, no power. No power. No power. Abunda. What do you think? Am I doing good? Yes, it looks nice. I hope it comes out well because if it doesn't, my parents might not let me make food again. Which is not a bad thing because it's by KFC. It's not jollyby here. So next it says I need to add vinegar and then simmer for another 12 to 15 minutes. Okay, that's four tables cool. Oh, vinegar. Okay, so the final step is to put salt. The recipe just says salt test, but I think the meat has already been spiced like before I even cut it. So I'm just going to taste it before I put some salt. Maybe it's not necessary. Also my mom is very sensitive to salt. So there's this thing that I saw that you need to do like just before you are done. You need to take some of the sauce in the spoon and you need to go ask people if it's good. It's good? Not too salty. It's not too salty. It's not too salty. No. No salt. Okay, so I'm going to turn this down now and I'm not going to add salt like the recipe says because of the spices you know anyway. So now I'm just going to wait for the rest of the food to cook and then we will spin to and we're not really taste it. Okay, it's time to dish up and try the double. We put it in the spot. We also have some rice here and some vegetables. You cannot start using a cookie rice first. So we are waiting for the president to adjust the nation because... Well, it must have been a ton of things to say to people about that. It's sweeping across South Africa. Okay, so here goes the first day of my homemade double made in South Africa. I'm sorry if it's terrible but I hope it will be okay. Government should actually try to get the AstraZeneca vaccine back into the country. You'll be brought to where they'll be sold to AstraZeneca. Not bad. Thank you. The road to this... Well, it broke me some potatoes as well. I said those three... Some crispy potatoes. I've tried not to fork that. He's speaking, I think he's going to lock us down again. I'm going to pair this adorba with some red wine which is normally very good with... ...a very good with meat. We're just going to scoop a good piece of rice with this double... Take a sip of wine. We could take a more heavy... ...with a public health regulation. Perhaps we'll fed up with very much... ...or see nobody objects or complaints. It's really, really good. I think I still need a little bit of work but I'm really keen to hear what... What do you guys say? What do you think, Dad? And then... Is that a song? It's like a song. The saying is nice and soft. Very tasty. It's very tasty. How do you like the sauce? Very nice. This is my second favorite... ...flopinadish. Very good with the crisp... ...cooking. And now for some of the vegetables. The first wave... ...and the last wave, is it? This is like broccoli. What's it? Broccoli. cauliflower. cauliflower with some... ...cheese and my mom's special sauce. And then we also have some... ...pattern. Thanks mom. The vegetables are good. So that was really good. They come ready. We are on the lockdown again. Which is not so good. And the other thing that's not so good is that I think my parents actually like this. So I'm gonna probably have to do this again. And we have one family member who has not tasted this yet. So I'm gonna let him taste this piece of a double I left over for him. And I'm gonna make sure that he's able to rapidly increase the rate of... ...continuing to... You like it Romeo? You like it? Although, it's so like to see people walking. Okay, so anyway that's the end of this video. Hit that like button if you liked it. Subscribe if you wanna see more videos like this one. And I guess I'll see you guys in the next video.