 We haven't been vlogging too much recently as we've had quite a lot going on. We're going to cover that in this vlog. We will go back to England next year. That's the UK. So our garden redesign is underway. We got a lot to do but we made a good start. We had a delivery yesterday of some Mahogany wood. So here she is with a list check. As you know, we've been living in construction at our house. Something that we decided to do into what this for a long time. But it's a bit of a last minute isn't it? And it's not for you, sorry. So we've got some Mahogany wood. This is probably the strongest wood you can buy. Even with an abuse. Bamboo, popping it up to the job. Kuking at lumber, certainly not. Right on the hogging this. Solid. Behind me we have some canopies being made. We have one at the back. And we're going to have one, maybe even two at the front. We have purposes for these. As we've lived in our house for over 12 months. And being here for that length of time, you can really appreciate. Well there might be a little fault or a little problem. Or something that needs to be addressed. The canopy we have outside the kitchen works extremely well. However, when it means very very hard, we can still get in from the side. So what we're doing is we're going to extend the canopy. Make it longer. We're going to have a seated area underneath. A bit more entertaining space outside. It will help a little bit with the rain problem. As well as the rains in the Philippines, it really rains. It rains very heavy. But as I said, we've been here for over 12 months now. We've had a whole years worth of energy bills, electricity bills. And we've managed to go through them. And work out where we're spending money. And where we can save money. And energy costs are rising all throughout the world. In the UK, for example, they're going to go up. Or they have gone up even more in October. And due to go up even more next year. In the Philippines, the same thing has happened in. Maybe not by such a big amount. But month on month, the energy costs where we are in latee have been increasing. And there's lots of things you can do to save money, to save electricity. In our backyard, for example, we use nothing but solar lights. We have many lights dotted around. And they provide us fantastic lighting at night. Even when it's grey and it's raining. They still might charge up a bit. Still give us some use. They're very inexpensive. You can buy them from Shoppil, Lazada. You can buy them from City Hardware, Wilcon. Lots of places to buy them. And they're good quality. Really reasonable price. Really good quality. If you're going to be building a house in the Philippines, one of the things taking to account is the energy costs. I'm not sure what the average energy cost is here. It's gone up a little bit since we moved in. We have a few more devices plugged in now and then. But generally, it's very affordable. We spent it also spent quite a bit of time inside the house. Isabella's now face to face in school. But she was at home three days a week. For eight to ten hours a day on the computer with the ceiling fan on. We tend to use the ceiling fans at night when we sleep. Our fridge is plugged in and in use twenty-five hours a day. Same with our water dispenser. Our router likewise. Everything else we unplug if we don't need to use it. But when you build a house in the Philippines, there's many things you can do. So one of the ways we save money each month on our electricity bill is by using floor fans. But not just any old floor fans. These have solar panels. These are solar charging floor fans. So we have two. We have one downstairs and one upstairs. These could be moved all around the house. You plug them into the solar panel to charge them. Now at the moment the solar panels are inside the house. But eventually we will put the max side on the wall when they get a lot of sun to fully charge every single day. Even being inside though, they do get a lot of sun. They do charge very well. They very, very rarely run out of energy. They're built in power banks which can store the energy when it's not in use. They have remote controls. They have four speeds. You can control the swing as well from it. But also it's got a light built in, a mosquito light. And it can charge devices from USB such as your phone. These really do save us a lot on our electricity bill. As we tend to use these when we're in the rooms. Quite often we're opening our windows and putting the fans on to have a good air circulation in the room. We don't have any air conditioning at all throughout the house and we don't need it. What we have is perfectly suitable. Now our conditioning will use a lot of electricity every month. Now if you're looking to build a house, take into account its location and try to maximize the air flow, the natural air flow. Where we are on an elevated lot, we have a great flow of air from the sea. A cool breeze comes over. Especially in evenings, it's never hot at night here. We have enough windows in the right positions. You can keep the windows open in a day time to call the house down. And we painted our house white which helps to deflect the heat rather than encourage it. It helps take the heat away from the house. We tend to keep doors open where possible to encourage air flow. And these ways we can keep core in the day and at the night without use of air conditioning. And it saves us so much money on electricity. So James, given it a bit of tidy, Kuru's almost ready to be used again. It's been used like a shed really for a little while. But I've got a lot of building material in here as we have a lot of projects coming on at the house at the moment. The work we're doing should be finished this week. Hopefully we can get the whole house done by the end of October even. That would be the dream we hope we can. We're working hard. We haven't been vlogging too much recently as we've had quite a lot going on. We're going to cover that in this vlog. Been a difficult week. I know. We haven't been vlogging too much this week. We've got a lot of work going on at the house. But it's not too much more important than that has happened. It's really hit us all. Really hard. We lost a member of our family this week. We are far from England. It's hard because we can't just travel that quick. Can't be with people at the moment. You feel a bit detached from it, don't you? A bit helpless. You can't be where you want to be. You want to talk to people. You want to comfort people. Get a bit more information and make sure everything is all okay. See if you can help. Isabella is very, very sad. Because of her grandma. Yeah, it was... we lost grandma. And we were very close to her. It was very difficult to leave the UK. But her grandma was one of those people that always brought her up our day. We hope we did the same for her and we were with her. But every time we were with her it was exciting. It was fun. And she's gone, unfortunately. It's so sad. James is just discussing with her for next year. We're planning to go back to the UK. Yeah, she's very close to me as well. It's sad for me and Isabella. Because next year we're going to be able to see her. No. We had a good plan to see her next year. I guess she's gone. It's very difficult. Very difficult. But life carries on. We have to pick ourselves up and keep going. And that's one of the hardest things isn't it? Being so far away. So it's very, very difficult when you lose somebody. Especially when you're the other side of the world. Now a few months ago I lost one of my uncles. He was a great character. Very friendly, very funny, very gemless. And it's very difficult to be so far away from them. When you move to another country, this is part of it. It's one of the things you sign up for. My uncle's funeral was held in Bristol. And they had a live Zoom feed of it. So I stayed up late here. I was able to watch real time as it all went down. I heard so many wonderful things said about him. I could even see my mum sat there. I wish I could be next to her at that moment. Tell her it's all okay. But it's difficult when you're away. Jane was away for so long. And it makes you miss family so much more when this happens. We walk about to England next year. That's the UK. It's not going to be permanent. It's just going to be a vacation. Catch up with people. Hopefully my family can still come early next year. Whatever happens, we're going to plan a trip back to the UK next year. Okay, let's go. Ah, so we will have a house reveal. Show you exactly what we've been doing very soon. But we want to finish it all. And as you might see, the Limer bean, the Fava bean, whatever it was. I think the Limer bean, the Bata Bean is gone. And Jane's going to come over here because this is our Ube. And it's quite big, isn't it? It goes right over the wall. And it goes right to the floor outside. And let me tell you, the wall on the other side, it's not the same height. It's almost double. It's a very, very, very big drop. We run to the impression that it only grows in the ground as a root. And it takes about a year until it's laid to harvest. I know, it's really after that. This is, this has been what? Nine months, ten months. It's been about nine or ten months. Oh, there's a big one. There's a big one? Oh, there's a big one. Ah. Oh, wow, look at that. Oh, my god, it's so big. I thought it was only a small one there. Oh, can you get these leaves out? Oh, there we are. There's lots. So it's actually... It's 3D because there's this one as well. It is ready. So we were wrong about the Ubay. It's actually... Where will you pull you? Oh, wow. Go for you, Anne, Ubay. So Ubay actually grows on the vine and in the ground. And the ones on the vine are ready after about three months. The ones in the ground are about six months. So these are probably actually gone a bit too long. We may have lost some. So like these, these are all on the vine. But the one underground can be anything up to six kilogram. Imagine that we got a six... Potentially a six kilogram Ubay under there. Yeah, I think so. It's possible. That some are small. Yeah. Maybe need more time. I don't think they do because it said... From what we research, they do take time. But sometimes they just don't get big, no matter what. Really? They can range in size. I could be wrong about that, but from what I researched. It does seem that this is ready. Looking at the colour of the leaves. It's starting to go yellow. It's starting to die off. I'm just going to cut it off. No, just open it because you might have something to do. Something you have in mind when you're like a homogeneous. Or homogeneous, homogeneous, junior. Do you want me to cut off some of the leaves? No. There might be some hanging over the wall, even. Oh yeah, can you see? Can you see? Don't go too hard. I'll just quickly look. Be careful. It's quite long. It goes towards the floor. It's huge. It's Ubay's huge. Purple Yarm, Ubay. You leave the Philippines and you've been here a little while or on holiday. You miss certain tastes in one of those as Ubay. I can make oboe ice cream. Absolutely. Oh, Ubay. Love Ubay. Fresh Ubay. Ubay donuts are nice. I hope you like it. I hope you like it. Ubay Dunkin' donuts. That's my favourite. Gilty treat. The one with the peanuts on top. The nuts. Yeah. Not to you, Ubay. Or what's your favourite donut? I don't. You like Pavarian? Pavarian? What's your favourite? That's all. Like one donut. Everyone likes a donut now and then. I don't really like the nuts. No. It's not sweet too. No. So this is our harvest from the Vines of Fires. It's from the Vines. Awesome. Really awesome. It's a... You can see the colour of it. Look at that. It's purple. Can you give it a try? Okay. I'll keep it. I'll keep it. I'll keep it. I'll keep it. Can you give it a try? Okay. I'll keep an eye out if anything's moving. Just give it a try. Okay. I'll keep watching. It's neat. Yeah. Well, we can compost it after the leaves and stuff. Hey! Oh, no. It was just one of these branches. Oh. So that was... On the vine it's fallen and that started to grow again. Yes. Why? You consider it. Oh yeah. It's that's perfect to keep to grow again. Jane also planted ginger. Now this is just ginger you bought. Was it? You put it in the ground afterwards? Yeah. You let it... You let it... Off the word. I cut it. You cut it so it would grow a... a shoe. Hey. Oh yeah? At one. Oh wow. Hmm. Well, ginger. Look how many are there. That's from one piece. Yes. Wow. I'm going to get some more here. So each of those stems will have a... Like a root. I suppose. Thank you very much for watching. So we've had a lot of things going on the last week or so. And we're getting there. The house is almost finished. Thank you very much for watching. If you haven't subscribed and you do like our content, please subscribe, hit the bell icon. If you'd like to find the next time we upload a video. Thank you always for your comments, for your support. And we'll see you soon. Bye.