 But you're Friday. The freshest. Fantastic! I love this forgive videos. You guys keep sending this to watch and I think it's only fair that we check it out. This is the new gen divas, but doing at 90s who got hits. Who got me? I have no idea. That's what I was here to ask. Maybe biggest hits. Who got me? Who got me? Who got me? Okay, sure, man. I like this whole recording. I'll go with that. I'm happy that all of you enjoy it as well. Yes, yes. Damn. Just genives. Who's fucking irons? I'm crying. Why do lovers away from themselves when they're hard? Oh, it's so scary that I have no post. And it's lifelike. Like, this is what happens on TV. They won't even get, like, give them, like, a second chance. No post production. It's live. Go on. I just love sometimes. I'm still a stable. I feel different. Still different. I don't know. Tell me what I'm doing. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I have no idea what song this is. 90... 90 skits represent. Well, here I know you went in a life for that. No. You guys know. It's like my age. I think she's younger than you. Oh. Finally, change the key. Thank the Lord. Yeah. We're moving. It's moving. Yeah. It's moving. Yeah, we're more comfortable. I love her too. She's so cool. Whoa! I feel somebody trying hard to breathe. I feel proud of me. Did I have no bloody clue any of these songs? How much in the 90s? That all the way through the 90s? Think I would think so, yeah. From 1990, all the ways to the 80s. Because I just scraped by. But all of them, I think, are younger than me. Yes. So I think all of them are born in the 2000s or 2000s. Well, I say this. And do something. They're all young enough that they understand TikTok better than me. Uh-huh. But to be fair, all my mates understand TikTok better than me is it? I think anyone understands it. And they're all contemporary to me. I think mother understands TikTok better than you. Mom comes out, she starts out down. She knows all the latest trends of gay. She knows all the latest trends of gay. That's really old. She knows all the latest trends. Is that gone? Yes. Yes, that's gone. Oh, I saw it. That's a bro. What was your point, though? I don't recognize any of these songs. So they probably in the same day. No, but in the Philippines, reliving and resinging this hits from the 90s is like... Is part of the culture as well as, you know, with the karaoke culture. Oh, sure, sure, sure. So you sing all these hits? Yeah, yeah. I'm like familiar with all of them already. Girl, why did it even go? Love the choice of makeup here is very minimal. Just doing hands-hurt natural beauty, I love that. I want to see this all over my face. Still no, no life crowds, I wouldn't imagine. But now, now they know more, All I can do is agree. Nice. To be every sign me, And I'm just, why did you leave me? Yeah. She's got beautiful, such sure, though. Girl, why did you leave me? Good drama. Well, no, it is. I just said everything, was as good as reality. Yes. Hey. I'm like an else. She says her maturity in that voice. I'm telling you, there's so much of familiarity with the songs already, and you can tell. All right. Oh, really? It's good. Nothing here is easy. Welcome to. Welcome to the Philippines. What is that song? That's the song from Herkide, isn't it? No. Yeah, that's not song, which is like, And she's fucking be crazy, doesn't she? She tries it, doesn't she? Correct. That's not the song. How can a woman do that, dude? The soul has soul to the devil. For life. Cut them. That movie scarred me, dude. The way I look at relationships, and the way I form my relationships with women have been shaped through these name movies. Well, having everybody else, though. I think that, I think this name is, is that fold? Is the guilty one for creating really high standards and all the little girls? Having all this really handsome princesses. Oh, piss off. Herkide has had biceps that were probably 24 inches. So did men. We grew up in blood as well thinking that Herkide's body was normal with fucking 75 inch sinber pecs. Yes, a chest of 300 inches. Yes, this name fucked us all. It is, it did. But I wouldn't shun Jim for the world. No, no, yeah. Good music. No, great music. Great entertainment overall. It's not the same song that was out there. Jim reminds me of a little bit of Kyla. Ah, sure. I'm not familiar with her, though. It's the first time. I've seen her before. You see those choices? Really cool choices, though. I definitely wouldn't have thought, oh yes, go lyrical. What is such a cool choice? It's different for sure. I'm sorry, Samia. I'm sorry Samia, but I'm sorry. Well, no, why? Back to her, no? It's very theatrical. It's just beautiful skin as well. Like this. Right by my sight makes me feel things. We'll work out just fine. Yeah, it's very theater-forward. I'll give you a call. I need a song for you. Do you see what I mean? I'm just going to sing it. I like it. I love this girl. Ella. Holy shit. And to all the worries and fears that I have. I can't expect we've laid down into sin. It's not every day that someone like you comes my way. Lord, God has brought me with love. I love you. Yes, Ella. All right, all right, all right. Interesting, right? Especially with Ella. She seems to have the sort of sense of material. I think also because she is perhaps leaning more towards her. I mean, again, how do I know? But it seems that because she's creating more than ever. Like in this last two years, right? And I think also, well, she likes to have very young. And now she's also like turning into a woman. That's one of the things about this girl. It's like, it'd be the same if I was their age. And I was in the spotlight like that. It's like everyone's seeing me turning into a man. That's right. You know, everyone's seeing me turning into a grown-up. So it's really interesting. Like, even the sense of maturity that they all provide with the piece. It's fucking mental. Yeah. I've seen them grow up. And also this comfort. There's comfort that comes with being on stage so often. Yeah. And they've really found it. Like they really have it down to a tee. They found the grounding. And these are some of the most exhausting, mental spaces to put yourself through. Life shows on TV are just things to be feared. And this is ruthless, but like, whatever happens happened. Absolutely. And the fact that they haven't had like a ship performance. It's mad. It just shows the level of comfort. I'm sure if you're asking them, oh no, maybe that one was in a scooter or whatever. But it's like, come on. It's like, you were fine. I was so brave. I was dying for God. I was in prison to face this guy to play. And I was born within the ice. I was born to live my life alone. Baby you just need to be with me all the time. And if you can do, I dream. And the top of the top of the top for me was. Oh, it is so good. I Also blue is her color Dude for that band is eating that shit up her cheat is so listen to this Oh Why is she selling tickets It's absolutely fantastic What a performance Ah, she's just so good The name for fuck ladies and gentlemen And everybody must adapt to that style is hard and it's not their natural style for a lot of them Oh They figured it out they did they did but I think it's interesting right yeah because it's always one of those moments I think when you're looking for visual contact Yeah, it's not just like oh tell me I'm doing it right, but it's like let's do this together Right, so this is where I'm going where are you going is is more of like an open Line of questioning between between one another it is it is I mean it's the grand finale Dude that piece that last song what the fun that band that was like that was like a yeah So it's yeah, definitely great choice to finish it up with I totally agree However, the interesting thing is that like is for example the bad the easiest way to explain this is Outside of music and and probably with other things that are easier to understand is like having Mixed martial artists and everyone's good at different things Yeah, and then because it is a team because it is a team you make him all finish with one Type of martial arts some are going to be some are going to be more comfortable than others in singing is the same Some are you know naturally more lyrical singers others are more soul and and there and be fusion singers You know a less of good example of that Other are more pop forward right but then when you have this kind of medley's which force you to then adapt This is what makes it good rise like it's good training ground And you obviously then become one of the most adaptable singers that you could ever become But he does have that downside that it's like old fuck. It's like how do I play to my best acid when my best acid is not at this place Obviously keys and arranged bands and comfort with the style all matters But again, it's impressive to me that they haven't had a shit performance it is When they do it so often and it's all one go and whatever goes that's what's on TV Who's right and the only help you get is the teleprompter and that's it? That's it and obviously the rehearsals but I look from what we've known right a lot of these these guys and girls is like sometimes They get a call on the night before Sometimes they get one run of rehearsals Knowing that there are some other there's a lot of other artists that will be performing the same day Raised it is actually pretty crazy to understand that it's is cool It's so cool what they're able to achieve in this environment like it blows my freaking mind every single time because Vocal delivery is impeccable performance is impeccable Professionalism between them is outstanding the understanding of the environment is You know parment and I think everything that you watched here It's worth studying worth taking your time to go back to the original video look at it really listen to it and Because it's it's fantastic. Well, let us know you guys those vats and good bye. Yes