hey guys and welcome to another video this one is going to be a little bit different from our usual
vlogs so we decided that we're going to try to pronounce filipino words we have been in the
philippines now for a while and we actually didn't learn that many filipino words so we
really really want to try to learn a little bit more now this is fornes trying to pronounce filipino
words
palam ah but there's two a's don't you think it's like palam i mean
palam sounds really retarded i think just maybe palam no palam palam we got it we think we got it
in spanish yeah yeah these let us know if we make any mistakes so that we can improve in general
just like yeah everything just about everything probably way too much work but the worst things
write them down so we know that it's really wrong this one we know because this one we've heard
several times let's say together one two three salamat so we hope it's right yeah i don't know
sounds like you're just surprised it sounds like you're like like oh did you forget your keys
oh oh because like oh yeah oh oh it sounds like oh i don't know hindi hindi evan ko
maybe but i would like to know what it's like i don't know tagalog is it like evan ko tagalog
maybe evan ko pinoy you don't know philippines
i don't know depends if you care or not you ate my chocolate
okay i found a really useful one i have aqua eye filipino so oh no no aqua eye filipino filipino
it's actually filipino filipino in tagalog it's nice it's easy and then i consider maybe i can
say aqua eye julia you can actually say this probably this would be amazing so now we know
no it's just spanish like a mixture of spanish and wierdness
okay this one is really good for me maganda aqua
um excuse me oh yeah
grab it you have to be excited grab it
this one's not even the word it's like grab it
it wasn't even me like take care of your life with like criticism
like i mean we have to admit we obviously don't know tagalog so we just stole a lot of these
things from different sources so we don't need to show if the translations are right or not
yeah by the way so bahala casa bohaimo i think that was pretty good
i think that was a little spanish
i'm sorry i have to read it again
it can't be right
no this one is so cool this one i looked up there was like a one syllable
conversation you can have in philippines which is just
no okay once again
ba ba ba so apparently it was like for example if you go to the elevator
uh and it opens and you can ask like if it's going down it's like going down going down nice
seems to be an important word
no jesus
if any of these like don't make sense at all let us know and then we can blame our sources
really like snappy
me
it's really hard actually
okay okay i want to try again
yeah
wow this is like a good accent i'm quite sure the wrong exit but it's hard like a good accent
oh
it's easy
you deserve this i'm trying to
not
so this is our last section we're going to go through quoted as the hardest
tagalog words so we're going to try to pronounce those these are quite challenging yeah yeah
oh
that's really good
no that was too many
Oh
i got stuck in there
okay
Pinakamakapangyaryan. Pinakamakapangyaryan. Pinakamakapangyaryan.
Yeah, sure. Why not? Sure! Sure! Why not?
Next is Susi...no.
It's crazy that you have a word
for this. If it means a dusty place for chickens. Maybe just a cage or something.
Actually, in Google Translate, it puts it like a dusty place for chickens.
For kitchens.
Nice!
Nakakapapapagap.
Exactly my mistake.
One each.
Okay, speed it.
Almost!
No.
That was a lot of fun. We did learn a lot, but we don't remember much.
Maybe we'll try to study this. We have to look it up again, actually.
If you liked the video, leave us a thumbs up and subscribe to the channel so you don't miss our next videos.
And the journey continues in the next one.
Thank you for watching!
