 All right guys, we are on a mission right now We're looking for a we're looking for a bad boy. We're looking for a bad boy to cook up on Sunday Easter Sunday We're gonna have the chum bad boy, but anyways. We're back here. We're looking for a pigery Her uncle's familiar with this area here and we'll check it out It's pretty Pretty remote We're just following the path Channus I don't smell a pigery. I didn't have pretty there. It's really nice. I just like decorate it This is the way other people live We're in what Dapa we're in Dapa Where we at? Come on This area here you can The These all these homes are up on stilts because of water The sea rises When it's high tide it gets full of water. There's the water supply. It's everybody's water supply. Yeah, check it out Wouldn't steps going over to that home you can see it's all up on planks. We're all up on stilts here We're just going back here Where's your dad? Is he nowhere his dad is? He don't know where so we're just gonna wander Back here No, I just want to look anyways back here you can see the homes here. Oh, somebody's got a satellite TV We lost uncle check this out check this out Wouldn't planks. I hope it holds me Hope it holds me lit Where are we going now This way I'm following lit Everybody's following us Check this out look at this way of living There's a bakery back in here Oh There's a little puppy not puppy Yes, we're going in the right direction. Welcome through somebody's house Oh, there's uncle. Oh here they are Here the bad boys She got these bad boys People Don'ters out here Yeah, one two three bad boys How the ones till I'm gonna have to go check them out Just on just back here Tuck back in here a couple pigs You see As roosters back here Don't attack my leg There's a rooster Couple more of them back in here. He's a Young and three here All right guys just the owner of that of those pigs wasn't there So I guess we're gonna head somewhere else right look gonna head somewhere else and see if we can get a pig somewhere else If not I guess we'll come back here and just kind of wait for the owner to Hopefully be here But yeah, like I was telling what I mean if if if uh hello If you know Bandstorm or something like that comes through this area like these homes. They're just gonna They're gonna be destroyed. But that's just the way of life here All right guys, we've arrived at the next place Very check this check this bad beast out This is a monster You know it. This is a monster check them out check them out You guys ready for this check this monster out There's a little guy How about what that that's too small. That's one bite My buddy A little guy All right guys here we are again. We stopped Says leach on non for sale. Yeah, that means the pig is for sale Do they make leach on here too? Just that means the pig is for sale Well here leach on for sale So they will make leach on here for sale or for sale also We accept orders or It also means the pig is here and you can take the pig All right Leach on non means the pig Leach on non Smoky Somebody's burning somebody's burning some some wood or isn't a burnt wood here sort of mosquitoes controller mosquitoes There's the pigery There's the bad boys What's this too small Hey bad boys Who's it gonna be One two three four five six of them here All right, so this is the guy right there Him Right there that's gal we're going with Get himself a bath before he leaves Let's uncle negotiated a good deal Just sit here for about 20 minutes talk and negotiating negotiating and talking and negotiating and talking and That's the one we're going with All right guys, it is Sunday Easter Sunday We're up here. Let's grimm other and grandfather's for an Easter meal. Here's to feed Roosters here There's more family I'll show up Gonna eat Let's get some good in peridori's drinking Here the kids Peridor Okay All right, let's go check out the pig Last time I seen the pig he was on a he was on a motorcycle heading down the road in a sack Her uncle and brother up early this morning clean the pig and Stuffed the full of goodies and man it is It is looking good right now. It is looking amazing You guys ready for this The chump bad boy in the Philippines The chump bad boy in the Philippines God golden crispy is Man Got let's spinning it All right up ahead Two pesos Is it heavy I'll have to give a spin There it is Got the wood down there Got juices just dripping out of it You've never had this you come to Philippines make sure you try it. It's awesome Is there uncle cousin cousin cousin More of the kids kids are still here All right, let me give it a spin It's heavy yeah It's smokey huh smokey Slowly are you're not professional Good good It's on a store now It's not that heavy Once you get it once you get it kind of spinning the weight of it kind of twists it You got to kind of turn it up Too hard for you Hannah Oh to smoke All right All right, so what looks brother did was he went out and got some banana leaves And this leach on a go in on the table to lay it right on the banana leaves Then I'll cut it up This is done. He's collecting some of the drippings Man my mouth is watering I'm out this watering right now, huh? So good. Yeah, that's what they're doing now they're getting banana leaves getting them ready and And The bad boy will go into the kitchen and be cut up Okay Wow Right you see You Ha I hahaha You have a picture of a good job, Brian. All right. Good job, Brian. Thank you, Oho. There it is, guys. There's the feast. Right, it's the feast. Bad boy. What's this? What's that? What's that? Laan. In this tent. The intestine. Oh, a big intestine. It's like a macaroni salad. What's over there? That corned boco. Bokosalad. Bokosalad. Wow, look at that. We are going to feast. Yeah. Now they're going to start pulling the. Oh, yeah. It's got to cut the string and then pull the bamboo through it. Right? Pull the bamboo out of it. Then inside is what? Vegetables and stuff. Nothing. Only onions and... Onion garlic and... Okay. We are going to pick bell peppers. All right. Go and go. Turn the carb to pig. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? I can just hear the skin just crackling. Oh. Right, pin steer. Yeah. Back away. Meets flying. Hey. Hey. What? Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. The skin is just... Let's go ahead. Yeah. Go ahead. Wow. That's just crunchy. Wow. That is good. My turn. My turn. Turn it. Turn it. Turn it. Turn it. What? It's so good. Turn it. It's awesome. Hmm. One thing here. There's no like carbon up to pay. Carving is part of the pig and carving, you know, this part off the pig. They just whack it up. Wack it up and eat the meat. They do the same thing with chicken here. And you buy chicken. All they do is they whack it up in pieces, which I'm not a really big fan of. It's not just kind of how they do it. Look at all that delicious meat. Here comes the chicken. This is the future champion of the Philippines right here. The future Philippine champion. Yeah. That is Tunisian. Guys, if you've never been to a Filipino celebration or a party or a get together, you don't know what you're missing. But those that know what I'm talking about, you guys know it's a great time. Everybody's having fun. Everybody's enjoying themselves. That's what I say about the Filipino people. Happy people. Joyous people. Smiling people. You know what? Enjoy the party.