 I'm not sure Hello guys, so this is a sky restaurant it actually revolves even we revolve very slowly but it actually has a 360 revolving mechanism so ahead of this place for a long time like not a long time long time but a couple of months ago I heard about this place and I think some of you also mentioned this when we came to Istu it that there is revolving restaurant in Istu it city and that's why came here today and Jackie came here today although it's dark and we will not get a full dose of the revolving feel you know the view and all that from the way this place is I can tell the view is really stunning it's a great view of Metro Manila but it will be better enjoyed during the day like I like to call it that magical space just between daytime and nighttime you know as a sunset it will magical I can imagine saying the sunset from here viewing the sunset from here it is going to be magical so I think we'll come back you know another day and you know have a good dinner here and just take it in and enjoy the view from here I still love the view can you see it oh you're seeing the reflection wow that's so high up yeah so you can see I'm preparing for a private party so that's why most of their guests already out and that's my beautiful life we have talked about it I mean decided to come back and I think when we come during the day you would be easier for it guys to notice the movement of the restaurant it's actually revolving it's quite moving very slowly can you notice it if you have very sharp eyes maybe you will so when we came in here the road this road was directly in front of us but now it has moved towards slightly towards the right well it didn't move we had ones that moved but together I mean so it looks like it's like to do the right now if I was directly in front of us trust him oh what made during the day so I'm sure when we come during the day you can spend like a couple of hours so really feel we could go like 360 yeah 360 so you would see how I think I'll ask them how long it takes for it to make a complete revolution yeah yeah across this place but I'm sure the view already looks it looks good can I imagine it's sunset yeah we are on the third third floor yeah so that's how high we are from the ground level okay so we are waiting for our food yeah by the way this is a Korean restaurant but those that don't know yeah from the name you know it's a Korean restaurant it's so sky and you know so there's a capital of Korea so it's a Korean restaurant we're in tonight it's in the MDG 100 building that's the tower we're in she's very relaxed in here the music is actually very soothing but the highlight for us is the food actually because right now somebody's hungry yeah you heard that so here you have Korean dresses Korean attire I think that's a better way to describe it that you can rent to have a more authentic Korean dining experience you can see how the dresses look that's how the dresses look you know So our meal is here. I ordered a shrimp and squid fried rice here. So that is all it comes with. Then this is some beef thing. And then what did you order again? So I ordered this. It's supposed to be some spicy rice. Yeah, rice bowl has different ingredients inside that I can't remember right now. Yeah. The lighting is not so great. Bear with us. Wow, this rice looks so rich, like so full of ingredients. They're very generous with the ingredients and the rice. So cool. It looks good. It tastes so good. It tastes so good. See what our view is now. It looks good. It's not in front of us. This is very good fried rice. It's super tasty. Oh, the veggies look good. Same thing. Yeah. The veggies look good. So much veggies. So, Koreans eat healthy. Judging by the taste. This is unbelievably good. It's so good. So, I'm eating my meal from a sizzling bowl. I give it a lot of heat. So, I pretty much, I'm going to eat hot food throughout my meal. I can hear the sound of the sizzle. I can hear the sound of the beef. I'm closer. So, let's see how the beef tastes. I think this is the first time we're in a Korean restaurant here in the Philippines. It's actually the first time we're in a Korean restaurant. I was waiting for my niece just to come and visit us before we came to a Korean restaurant because she loves, like, when I go back and tell her I would come to a Korean restaurant, she wouldn't be happy at all. So, I was reserving it for her. That is good. The beef is so nice. Wow. I eat so much veggies. I think we've all heard of beef. Oh, you had beef already? Yes, I had beef already. The beef is sweet. Oh, yeah. Oh, it's good. Can you taste it? Let me see. My fried rice is so rich. This is like a rich-est fried rice on the back here in the Philippines. Can you see it? I like the color. The color of my rice is rich. Wow. Mmm. Korean food. It's good. It's good. I'll serve up. I'm not saying anything. Korean food. I'm not saying anything. I'm not saying anything. I'm not saying anything. I'm not saying anything. I'm not saying anything. I'm not saying anything. Mmm. Don't tell me that's the spice. No. Yeah. I didn't imagine. I didn't imagine. I didn't imagine. I don't understand. You see, it's about this top. I didn't even think about it. I don't understand. So, there is this sauce here. It's obviously the spice because I told them that I want something spicy. So, this is what makes the food spicy. But I think it's crazy food. And it's been chilling. Crazy food because food is so good, I forgot totally about spice. Really more caught me. This is not spicy. I'm not too spicy. So, there you have it. Very little than ever. And your veggies. Wow. I think I have a new favorite cuisine. I was really hungry. And now the food is so good so you can imagine. I've never eaten this fast in my life. My husband can tell you that. That's like I make a whole video about that. But really this is good. This is no hype. Fuck, I think we are on the hype pin the food. You know when you're hungry though, food tastes better. So, I'll come again when I'm hungry. So guys, we are done eating. I don't want to afford our belt to leave. A soul hundred restaurant. This revolve in restaurant that feels like it's in the sky. Okay, so let me show you something interesting. Now remember when we started this video that this major highway was. Right in front of us. Right in front of our table. Yeah? Yeah. So, taking one of that. Now, see where we are. Let me show you where our table is. That's Jackie over there. So, this is our table. I know we did not change tables. This is exactly the table we've been sitting on since we got here. And I'll see the view from here. We are facing, if I have almost left mega world building right there. So, I'm here for about 15 minutes give or take. So, yeah. So, let's prove that this is a revolving restaurant. So, when actually come here. We have for a couple of hours. So, by then I'm sure we'll do a complete 360 degree rotation. Yeah. Looking forward to that. Anyway, we are living right now. I had a blast here. It could have been better if it came during the day. I caught the sunset but still worthwhile. Food here was so divine. So divine. We had so much fun. It's in the food. And we're very hungry coming here. So, the food tastes extra delicious. So, remember when no next week come we'll be better judges of the food. Yeah, but the food was good. Alright guys. So, from me and Jackie. Thank you for watching our Philippine's Adventures. And thank you for all the subscriptions. Okay. Thank you so much. Happy lovely, lovely nights. Merry Christmas. And Mabuhay.