 I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. At the noon, folks, it's Thursday afternoon. I think it is the 29th babe of the 30th. 29th. 29th September. It's past the vulcanized shop. We took to get my entire fixed couple of times. But we found a new place in San Marcellino. Anyway, Lady Jazz and I were heading to Subic to Baltimore. I got a few items. We got to pick up down there before we head back to the Lupa, which is the land. We got to pick up some hardware pieces for the gentleman. I think it's Jimmy, right? Kui Jimmy. He's the guy that digs a... It's going to dig the well for us in the back of the house. We need an 80 foot well dug and then piped and etc. And so forth. So when Plumber Arthur comes back, he can hook it up to the house and test everything for us and make sure everything's good to go. So we're going to... She's texting a few hardware stores now. And I think we're getting ready to stop by the I's constructions hardware store. There's the... It'll cost you for a Kubo here. Quite a bit. You get air-conditioned Kubo there for... Oh, about six months ago by the 120, 125,000 pesos. You go in the opposite direction. There's a place on the side across some medical clinic. I don't know exactly where it's at, but I don't know. I don't know any of the landmarks in that. You can get it for half that price. By I Kubo with an AC and it's like, I'm getting ready to turn left here with a red sign this. With his vans pulling out. Hopefully he keep pulling. He'll keep pulling so I can park, but we'll see. Nope. Okay, so I'm going to park in front of him up there. Let me go up ahead a little bit. Of course. The timing is always perfect against me. I kid you not, folks. If anything bad can happen, we'll happen to Mr. LaRocke. All right, folks. Let me stop and back up and hang on. AYDZ construction supply. This is where we stopped here. They have the one item that SYY hardware does not have over in San Antonio. So we're going to pick this item up. It's about 180 pesos. And then we're going to head on back to Subic or down to Subic. I was lady jazz over there. This place is located directly across the street from the president, McSysci, childhood home. It's like a museum now. They changed the color of the house. It used to be what I called McSysci green, which was a brighter green color. It's now more of an olive green, which I think it looks much better, especially with the white trim. I would add a little bit more trimming on somewhere else, but that's okay. That's me. Anyway, this is childhood home here in Castilejo's, Zambalus. And directly across the street is the AYDZ construction supply. We've used them several times. We've had to go to a whole bunch of different hardware stores because it seems like not one hardware store has every item that we've needed in our build with the home. And even in the home we're living in now. See, there it is. Museum Ramon, McSysci. There we go. Okay, I just wanted to show that. I don't even know if it's open yet. It's been closed for the longest time. Okay, folks. Ives. Ives again. Oh yeah. Okay, we're leaving the Baltimore down here now in Subek. We picked up what couple of items that we needed. Couple of things that we wanted. And then we're heading back to AYDZ Ives Construction Supply because they gave us a part of what we were looking for. So there's another piece we got to get. We talked with the plumber. So we're going to go, that's on the way back anyway. So just going around here from the backside of Walter Martin. Jeet me come in. See here. This is the usual route out. I remember when I first got here back in January and we came down here. It was like a ghost town. That's when the COVID lockdowns were still on. Now it's serious as they were from a year ago or so. But still, but now it's a lot of people here. And usually right around lunchtime or at the end of what school that's out there is a ton. I mean a ton of high schoolers coming from across the street and the buildings over there. Over here to shop, get snacks, walk around, hang out and stuff. So it's kind of cool. I like seeing people out the mountain mixing again, socializing. Let me get over here and I'm going to be going left to the ride just to continue on. Through Sublick, Biot, Bredo and on to Longapo. And I'm going to go left here. Let me pull out. I've learned not to be meek. Kind of pull out in front of everybody. And then just keep going. Sorry about that. I was looking everywhere. Yeah, I've learned to do that here because if you wait, no one's going to let you in. It's where you might, one out of a thousand might stop and let you in. If you're lucky. Usually you just kind of kind of, you know, when as traffic allows, pull out slowly in front of them. But deliberately in front, into the road to stop them and then cross over and do the same thing when you get to the other side. Where they go right out there is just the way you have to do it. I don't know why I'm driving and holding this phone. Lady Jazz has two perfectly good hands, but you know, I'm not too sweet to pour it. Anyway, I won't go to record much. I just wanted to record the exit out and crossing the street. So we're heading back to I'd and then on to the loop. So until then, ciao. Hey, we made it to the property here. It's 249 p.m. And there's skimcoke and put the skimcoed on. We bar to the left, with a J to the right. Da da da da da da da da. Looking good, looking good, looking good. Always good to see progress, okay? The end is in sight. Just notice the plumber hooked up a, some wiring or the electrician or the one all the way piping. Hopefully it's going to get straight down somewhat there, the bottom, the white down there. You see that? Just have a look, see? Making their way top to bottom. That's good. We'll glance over here, on Paul's and head inside. There's corner door, we're on a electrical pipe, you can't do it. How you doing, sir? Over there, they skim. Okay, they skimcoke, they just made my days really running in through me. I think they did. But anyway, if not, I'll just short again. And go up, say there's a hammer going on. So we'll go up and see if we can get what we can. I think something over here. I wanted to show this here, the electrical distribution box here panel. We're going to change all this out because we had a discussion yesterday about I wanted a refrigerator upstairs, there's another freezer going to be here, there's a generator going to be here. So we're going to pull this box out. Basically replace everything. This is the first guy that was in charge of this project who called himself an engineer, put this in there against the recommendation of the forming and the electrician. So they just, they told me yesterday about this, we're going to replace this whole thing, and put it in there, what's supposed to be in there to support all of the appliances and everything that we have here with all the PCs and everything else that we have. Okay, the corridor is working as best to get all this stuff done. I don't think it's about a little over 2000 places to replace all that. So that's about the cost we're looking at. Okay, I made my way upstairs. See all the conduit running here. I'm going to put this there. Yeah, go out of it here. So we can use this space if we want to plug something in over there. The light switch in there, and all the way now, the airway. There. Okay, depending on the yesterday. For the foot man, he's cutting up the tiles for the wall and the master band. And we've been doing tons of stuff, not enough time. So somehow another way to use calculate it. So we're going to go get our list and compare it. James is chipping away the floor. See what it looks like so far. We're going to have to make a talk about it real quick here. Okay, they just started with that. All right. You can hear, I didn't even realize just to put in the tiles for the wall and closet. Ladies first. I'm being paged. Almost got the complete dish. Here's a little box here. Turn it. Light and fan. Okay, I just wanted to get away from some of that noise. One of you had the burrito chopping down hard. And then Nelson over in the corner down there chipping it with nail and cement. They're basically chipping up the rough spots of the floor. They're going to smooth it out and make it more smooth so they can begin laying the tile. That's what they're doing, stomping it up, breaking it up the big pieces. The rough pieces, they're going to smooth it out and then so they can lay the tile down. That's what the purpose of that was. What I got is interpreted to be a lady James. All right, folks. Ciao. Okay, also we're confirming with the forming the tiles we bought was not enough for the comfort rooms. We bought six boxes and it gives our calculations when we are at City Hardware we're a little short. So we're getting the appropriate count now and we're going to have a measure downstairs again as well. And the outside CR to make sure so we'll one more trip to Tullock. And one trip only, hopefully. So that's what we're doing here now just confirming that. We've ordered the materials to dig the well for 20 foot pipes and coupling reducer. And we need to get another motor and we need to get at least a 500 liter tank. Well, I guess I don't know. Math is not my strong point. But anyway, so we're doing that and we're just getting other materials that we need and order them, get bits and pieces. It's all bits and pieces now, okay. Some places we had too much, some places we didn't have enough. We're just doing the proper calculations and recalculating and then getting here because changes were made. And then so that affects the math. When you change the numbers, you change the math, right. So that's what we're doing now over here. And we're just steadily moving forward, more progress every day. So enough to look at me and I'm taking about as much video as I can. And the things you're doing now, it's just tedious and takes a while. So just moving forward, ever forward. All right guys, thanks for joining us. Ciao. Oh, ciao, bye.