I feel horribly guilty about eating a burger last night. I smashed down the
burger. Oh, I'm not meant to be in this one. Yeah, I am. So I punished myself by giving myself an
absolutely soul-destroying, soul-destroying gym workout. I'm not gonna work. I'm gonna try another lift, but we have
got a cooler road trip coming up this afternoon. Let's go upstairs now. I'll wake
clean me up and we'll get started. Good morning everyone. Day number two here in the
Philippines. We are almost ready to go. I have my banana bag, my blankie. We're ready to go.
Day number two in the Philippines. Here we are packing all our stuff to drive all the way south.
Okay, not all the way south. A bit south of Manila and have an awesome road trip with all of these beautiful people.
Nice fucking time.
We are going to eat because we haven't had breakfast yet and we are super, super hungry.
We're walking over to the restaurant that Nelly and Mike wants us to really see. So,
we're excited to eat.
Oh my god, look at all these donuts. Oh my god, this place looks great. And this is our table.
Even the gimbal has a seat.
Oh yes, breads and butter because we're so hungry. Oh my god, thank you.
Of course, that's kind of essential, right?
Guys, packing the last final essentials.
Don't you love it when the traffic is not in your lane?
No, no, there's another port. The last port is 11 p.m. Is it a different port?
Okay, Calapan is later.
That's fine, thank you, no, no, no, with car, yes. Thank you.
Where is the train leaving? Car inspection time. Next one, next one. Big one, it's a boy.
All right, we're going into our ferry. Go the warriors, warriors. Jersey.
So, right now we have just parked the car up. We are underneath the ferry,
not underneath it, but inside the ferry and we've got our valuables. We're going to head upstairs
for the one and a half hour ferry ride. Hopefully, one and a half hours only.
All right, so this is the ferry. It's not even Christmas yet. Yeah.
They say Christmas comes early in the Philippines and they were right. Yes.
And this is the beautiful, this lovely package whoops here.
Handwich, burger, cheese. Okay, the ferry has just left. It's about 10% full. There's nobody else on
it. Really other than us and the Carvado guys. There's the port. It's going to take us about
one and a half hours to get there. Two hours. We've just been booking our stuff online. We've been
using Airbnb and we are just trying to book our stuff now before the ferry left. I'm not sure if
the girls did it in time, but we're going to go inside and check now they did. I'm going to go
that ice cold fridge over there and buy every single person a beer, myself included. Are you selling
this? I want.
And that's real life all on the laptops. We're vloggers filming Christmas trees.
Here's the crew. Just wrapped everything up.
So guys, we had a little bit of a sleep in this morning. We had a big late night last night with
our friends. Then we got up today, we got some work done during the day and Nellie and Mike
got an award. We kept working, we kept packing and then we got on the road. We got in the car
and then we took off. It was two hours to get here to the, off to go on this ferry. We just spent
one and a half hours on and now we're here. We've got one more hour drive
and then we're going to be at our Airbnb for the night.
So
Hey,
it's a money shot. We don't have enough cameras.
So
how do you feel like eating, Mitch? Well, we saw some Korean joint down here in my triat,
but there's always a 7-Eleven on that. Hopefully we find a 7-Eleven.
So there's always a 7-Eleven if you end up not having food.
Okay, we're looking at this option, 2F.
Oh my God, so much chicken. Night number one, Nellie chose this Airbnb and we cannot wait to
sleep. Oh, look at that. That's Pierre's bed. It's going to be comfy, I'm sure. Can you test the bed?
Yeah, it looks sweet. It looks sweet. It's true, you have the biggest room.
