 Okay, let's go to the Magnum sign. Today I wanna share what I ate by the night and how it is. Without further check it out. Let's go. Finally I arrived by the night. My night is really famous change in Philippines. So that's why I really want to try that. Oh my god. This is light. I have to wait. I'm not okay. Yeah, yeah. Ah, you're here. No, yeah, that's for you. I'm not happy. Oh, you're happy? Ah! Ah, you're okay. Happy. Happy. Thank you together. Hello. It's good, right? I think it's good. This is right for the first time. Yeah, my name is Henry Rice. And I go to get this like a whole chicken hole like that. Also, I want to try that. Like summer. It's good. It's good. Oh my god. Okay. Oh, you see it again. It's only PM to available and press with me. What is that? Press with me. Ah, 150. 150. But did you know 55 pesos? Ah, okay, okay. That's all mom. Yeah? Thank you mom. I think a lot of people look here. They call it the old age. So, what is the best? You're opening. Yeah. Here is this one. You want one, one, eight, eight? Oh, I ordered it. Yeah. What's 51, right? 51. Seven, seven, seven. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay, I got it. And hello, hello. Yeah. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Look, look. Look, look. Look, look, look. Or they are looking. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're looking at my work. I have four hair. I have four hair. You're all alone. Yeah, it's fine. Not the one. I have four hair. Yeah. You're all alone. Yeah. You're all alone. Yeah. Yeah. I'm all alone. I'm all alone. I'm all alone. I'm all alone. I'm all alone. I'm all alone. I'm all alone. This is too... I'm all alone. I'm all alone. I'm all alone. You know what? So I ate with the pianos. I made him play for the first time. Pyrokino seems to have an open mind. I like it. Because I also have an all-going personality. Now I really hungry because Pyrokino is 30 minutes since I got here. And now I will invite Pyrokino. Yeah. You're all alone. Yeah, I was all alone. I'm all alone. I'm all alone. I'm all alone. I'm all alone. I'm all alone. Huh! MerdAL I be drunk. MerdAL MerdAL MerdAL MerdAL MerdAL MerdAL I think it's because of YouTube. Oh my God. That's crazy. Humselt. Obviously amp is right on my cheek. I know. Oh. igen. Inside of it. I'm all alone. Oh yeah. Oh my God. Oh my God. I'm all alone. I'm all alone. That עלwer itches. Yeah, yeah. and this is chicken oil let's eat! of course! dip in the sauce like this like that wow it's so great, why? wow amazing only dip oil I will eat it's so big, right? it's really huge and... oh my god I like that I like this chicken because it's really good so maybe you can get it and life is only little kids so maybe if you want to eat more and you can get it, I love it so yeah, we will try that subscriber recommended to come here so that's why I came here oh my god, hello, thank you I got it I like it it's so great, why? I take a picture oh my god, it's so good it's like that, like that, like that oh my god, I will try it it's good it's good I love it it's so good I love it really tender and so right? you have to eat with rice because this is like a Filipino style, right? with rice and... I will eat together thank you I love it it's good the coconut is really good I love it it's like a coconut you know what? if you eat just this maybe or as a Korean as you can feel like little bit of the sauce but you add the light and chicken maybe you couldn't tell like this little thing really, really good I love it I know why people really like come to here we try these sauce I make this is soy sauce and calamansi hello hello you bye wow, Edel hello oh, not yet, not yet yeah, because I'm not full not full not full yeah of course okay, we will try mix mix, mix, mix, mix soy sauce, I put soy sauce okay, like that I want just eat and go with more darling it's so warm also really a photo her because this one is only 151 pebbles but in Korea, we didn't eat rice and rice and meat because this is not common things but this combo is really good so maybe I want to get this okay maybe if I could this quality only this price maybe every one really like it right? like this inside you can see inside really tender and soft it's very delicious mmmm and very famous spin here I wait like 30 minutes and over 30 minutes but it's worth it, right? not worth it I put the nerve it's really nice now so I have to try it but maybe I will like it because as you guys know it's really good because I love over ice cream also I love this kind of things okay I will try it wow this is cool why you have to eat okay oh it makes like that yes, next and I will wow I have to eat wow it's so cool and you can see or so like this this is cool really not this and you can see like this this is cool really not this and you can see like like the ice cream wow okay I will try it okay because I'm hungry thank you what do you think this? oh really sour wow this really sour and I expected deep in this yeah after that I ate that yeah so very nice okay the beauty one more of the rice more juice maybe you put some soy sauce and this is like ginger and garlic do you know that? and like we are doing it on our baby over baby with baby all things really nice do you guys enjoy this video? I hope you did see you soon in the next video bye bye