 But we will not be able to see the, this but I know we will not be able to see the board and the IT test board. And I think as well, I think I did the blood test as well. So is the IT test in the book test, yeah? Yeah, and the last time I went for the license to extend my test. Drug test. I did a blood test. Drug test also. Drug test. The drugs. Yeah, the drug. So they do take a blood test and they test you for drugs. There's not too bad, right? So is the IT test in the book test, yeah? Well, that was what I needed to extend my license. And then I drove around and they said, oh, you have to come back for your license, for the plastic. Yeah. So I went back after a month or something and they said, no, no, we haven't got it yet. And then he took the piece of paper and he wrote a number on the back of it and said, just text next time. Save your coming in. Text to see if your license is here and they'll tell you over the phone, which I did and know the license wasn't there. But the next time after that, I went in because we're always in there and we're parking the truck there and there's the LTO. So, and I'm a see the father, but we did have that one where we were driving along and an old man, very frail old man, who we found out later was suffering from Alzheimer's and was quite confused. He'd walk take the longitude from home because he was going to swim in the river. I guess it's hard. So, he stepped in front of the truck and you know that thing of the last inch of stopping. It sounded terrible, but we didn't strike it because he didn't fly. He just dropped in front of the truck. So, we thought, oh Margaret, this is bankrupt system, ring us in the face. And we got out and we picked him up. He had a tiny little cart on the back of his head, I don't know how he got it. Well, anyway, we took him to the hospital and they gave him an examination. First of all, he said he was 98. Yeah, 94. Was it 94? Yeah. And it certainly was 94. And then he arrived to the hospital, it became 78. And then when the doctor asked him how old is he in 74? And then he went to the police station, he said 72. So, it became obvious very quickly that he was not really responsible for him. So, he's there, all he wanted was to need to get him some beer. But the registration on the little truck was one day out, wasn't it? Two and a two days out. One day or two days out, overdue. And we just haven't got, because we've been talking about how nobody seems to care about it. We haven't cared. But the policeman talked and said, I see that your registration is actually two days out. It was just in conversation, maybe you wasn't. And he said, go in and get it, because he's a foreigner. And like I said, everything's okay, as long as everything's okay. And he said, if anything happened and somebody got hurt and everything wasn't in line, then he said he might have problems. Yeah, yeah, they would chase you up on that. So, apart from the number plate or something which, well, we had the motorcycle, it took us over a year.