 </ absorbed into bright blue Okay, today just one worker shop for one hour. So I just asked him to pick up most of the left over from chopping down the trees and producing lambers. As you know there's a lot of left over you know which got a lot of barks so you can't really use for the house but you can use that to do all those cuff hunting and all that for ready for Monday. I hope. Gong Gong moment worker is probably in pieces today. You can't get out this morning so that's the way he's doing here guys. Reliability is some. So I'm going to give him some what we call bonus. If he doesn't miss a day at the end of the week he will have a tandoay. Before you used to give it tandoay it doesn't matter whether he's shop or no, whether he hasn't done a great job or not but now I'm going to tell him you do good job. You shop when I need you. You get tandoay on the last day on payday and I think that's what I'm going to have to do. I'm going to have to get a little bit tough here because he let me down quite often. That's not good. So anyway that's the new rule. Okay so not tandoay tomorrow for sure. In any way maybe I would not shop tomorrow. Maybe we just have a day off and when the whole crew is here on Monday which is to whatever we need to be done. It's probably the hottest day. I mean it's only 9.30 in the morning or 10 now. So hot I'm going to try to do a couple of top of the pierce because I haven't finished them. There's still a few to be done. I could do the rest of Monday morning after the start building is unfolding and I can go there without any problem. I'm just going to do one and then I'm going to go home because it's too hot. It's too hot. Start burning my neck so that's why I wear my hat this way. And I forgot my sunscreen so let's do that now and then we go home and spend time with my churly princess at home. Okay let's do that. Hello princess. It's going to help us and it's going to make money. No money? Okay. It's cooking. You have to practice with me. I didn't buy any food but we thought maybe something left over. I don't know. Fish. Okay. Oh look at this. Oh beautiful. Oh nice. How are you? How did you grow it? Yeah. You cook? Yeah. He cooked the fish. Very good. It's been a very very slow week. Only work a day and a half last week. Not very good. It's careful being so much better. I'll add in a bit. My back is not very good. Okay this is what I bought for to put between the concrete and the timber. Super thorough seal. It's only 595 pesos. So I need to mix that with a 1.5 liter of water and I will give a two-cut. So let's mix that. You eat this? Yes. Okay. You put plenty on this. I can buy more. It's okay. Yeah. Plenty. No cement makes dough. Yeah yeah cement mix and something. In the hole too. Everywhere. Make sure that you are missing. Put more. Plenty. Don't worry. I buy more. This is very important. Okay we got enough for three layers. So we put quite a thick layer of that thing. Not like we saw plenty at the beginning. We tried to spread too much. I just didn't do that anymore. We just put hips of it and just spread a little bit with a brush and that's it. And that's probably the way to do. So this look pretty good. Pretty thick. So I asked him to give another go to all those already dry. They dry pretty quick actually. And this is the last one I did. By the way that's why it's still a little bit wet. They did all this row here. But anyway so before the run comes in we're going to finish that. Finish the whole bucket. Yeah big run coming I can show you now. And my workers say yes big run coming. So it's going to be half a day again today. At least we got a few posts almost ready. Just have to treat the end of it. The end that's going to fit on top of the peers. And then the rest will be done on positions. It's probably much easier. Then we have the roof and everything will be there. We can then clean it because we have a roof. We won't have as much water. It's getting always wet here. It's really frustrating so you can't win. So at this other we just treat the bottom of the... Just the bottom section of a very post with this baby here. Sorry guys. Yeah. So let's get on. And I pick brown so we know exactly where we've done it. Because I want to put two sick lay of that in the bottom here. So whatever this is across it's all square as much as we can. It's all sort of polished. I've done four. There's already two down two long ones down there. But no. So yeah that's what we're going to do. First thing tomorrow morning when the guys come in to install it. Hopefully if he doesn't run. Okay I think that's it for today. Just finishing whatever it's in the bucket. If you have put four or five lay your alarm card just put it in. I'm not going to throw it. And we go home after that. Today I'm supposed to have the whole team with the captain to start building the house or the team will start of it. And the captain cannot come. He says he's going to come on Monday. Monday for me is too late. I don't want him anymore to come here. I'm going to sell a lot of money because he's got a high range to anybody else. And he's so useless. He's not funny. I thought maybe I get him the first two days. See how he goes. And whether I keep him or not. But if he's tired he cannot come now. I think he's got another job so he let me down. So I'm not saying I'm going to ask him to come Monday. I'm not going to wait Monday. Monday is another week. No week but another five days work. So I've done some plan 3D. I've printed some 3D things that were short of workers from the plan of the house. And it's not hard to do with on either the captain. So we're going to leave that ourselves. That's life. That's the feeling. It's not a family. So that's it now. I will put the post on top of that. Jesus. If that doesn't stop the humidity, nothing will stop it. So we'll do the same. I think you remember every time we come in the morning there's humidity. And the top here it's always sort of a wet. But no it's not. So this is good. This is stopping the water to go in the peers actually. Something every way. That's a bit rough. I don't know why. But. It's kind of fly away. A bit of a wind which is good. It's not really really hot today. It's very windy. That's how we do. That's how I've done. I've seen it. That's how I've seen it in a YouTube video. Just put the thing. It's actually a US video. And just hit with a little piece of timber and that's it. And the hole is done. So first one to go in. Okay so when I ride this is what they were doing. That's not good. That's not good at all. This is not going to hold nothing. So this is how to do UNL. We make our own because we can find in the market. It's not UNL. It's a good strong size UNL. Nothing. So I'm making them. So this is what we call number 4NL. We chopped the head off. And then we bend it. Of course we sharpen the other end. And we bend it. And this is a result. Nice and strong. But I think I'm going to dig a little bit of a groove on those ribs. With the UNL will locate. Let's see. Okay we've got five posts on position. And tomorrow is another day. I got a new cup and I'm starting tomorrow morning. Hopefully. See how it goes. I just came home for a quick lunch. Hello my baby. Hello. She ignored. She cute. Hello big chick. Smiling. She smiling. She's beautiful. She's beautiful. Don't treat her okay. I want to add some screws in there. But something. These ones. Many people keep removed them, and this is fine. Some are dark color and other light color because I use different silicon color. One is transparent, the other one is brown. And the timber, some of the timber different than others. But dark timber is very, very tough. This one here. Very tough and heavy. It's a mahogany, it's a family of mahogany. Okay guys, another day let's build some more timber. Shall we? Okay, the capenter is not coming to that, the new capenter. And the new supervisor, that's my best worker. Yeah, this one here. I just give it a bit more than others and it's become my supervisor. It's been very good. It leaves just like so. You always give 150%. So I give an increase in salary and met him supervisor. So today because there's a lack of capenter and the supervisor, so what we're going to do. We're just going to prepare all the timber around and probably make more of those new nails. Get everything ready for tomorrow. That's probably the best we can do. One of my work out there is planting sweet potato that jammed get me. So that's the first thing we're planting. It's good, I like it. I'm sure they'll have to do, I'm sure they'll have to tell him how to plant those things. Okay, as I said today it's all about preparation. So we're going to move those things and sew them as well properly here. And we're going to build a bench inside the shed. So we've got already the top of the bench just a permanent bench. The guy will stay here, he can use it as a table when he eats, whatever. That's all we're trying to do. And we do a lot of work on top of that bench too. We're sitting on the floor and it's not good. So that's how we're going to do something properly. Okay, at last we clean in this shed. We're going to put some shelf on the side there to pull the tools and things. And then in the middle there we're going to build a temporary bench. So we can work on that. Because I don't want to do anything here, I haven't got the carpenter and my supervisor. I'm glad at last we're doing things that we never had a chance to do before. So clean up the shed and build a bench and some shelves. So I don't want to do any installation here without the carpenter and my supervisor. Because it's pretty good at that. Yeah, and two people's not enough to list all those posts. So let's do a bit of a clean up and preparation for tomorrow. Start getting very, very hot. It's not even 12 yet. Doing tough. Okay, as you can see we got a few posts ready to be installed. All with two or three layers of protective coat. Solic-nome, we call it. And we got a few more to be ready. There's a ready to go. And then I'm going to polish and clean the two big ones. And they will be planted as well on positions. Sorry, everything will be ready for tomorrow morning when all the mob here. Okay, today is 31 degree on my phone going to 32 Celsius, of course. We're doing pretty tough here. So did a pretty great job. Me too. And there's a super heavy. Okay, just try it out. Secure. Doesn't fall on somebody. Well, we're working on others. Okay, very good. Getting there. I mean, look at the view we've got to have guys. Woo! A big problem there. I mean, look at the cut of the tree. It did wrong. So of course the tree just slide down. How stupid is that? Even myself, they have experience, but I know it's wrong. Wrong cut. So it's stuck there now. I don't know. My job is to make those unails. I just wonder if anybody with a crane around this area, which are there, but it's very pretty hard to get those heavy posts on top of the pears. They were expecting to lift those big heavy posts up to the pears. And I said, no, we're not going to do that way. We got this supportive bin installed here. As you can see, this one. I want them to put another one there, from here to the end. And then I want them to start building the floor across. So they can stand on it, and then they can bring the posts and put on top of it. So much easier, like if they were working from the ground. And that's the only way to do it. So that will be all around this one here, two by six. And then in between the middle will be two by four. And then we'll be ready to go to the beach. This is taking shape, guys. So a good part, not all, but a good part of the joists have been installed for the bedroom side, which is the back of the house. Still a lot to do, but you know, we're going somewhere. And my supervisor was really, really worried how the hell we're going to put that post on the end of the show. So high as I said, now, to worry. I will think about, and as I said to them, we start assembling some joists there for the floor. So you can step on it, and you can bring your post and put them on position. This is what they've done with this one here. Yep, while I was going to launch, they've done this one with no problem. It was so happy, it was smiling when I come back. So, you know, almost, I don't know, 30% of the joists is done of the house. And all the post are there waiting. I want to buy some more solid none. I want to make sure I get two layers of that thing every way, and get the naughty ants away from it. Can I talk to you for a moment, please? So, it's been promoted to supervisor, and I gave a little bit more in wage, and it's very happy. And it's learning English too. Alright, this is looking good. Okay, another post in. And I think I'm going home, so that's about all for today, I think. Maybe a little bit more while I'm away, but getting somewhere. Okay, that's it for today. See you tomorrow for more. Okay, and most of the men's beams are on position, as you can see. One, two, three, any soul, one length. This is a big advantage, so there's no joints and anything like that. It's very, very good, I like it. And then we'll put the two by six like this one here. They're the men. And then in between it's only two by four. That's okay. So there's still one more horizontal beam here on this end. And then the one foot, beautiful grand, I can't wait to sit there with the beer. Okay, it's nice to at least now have found some kind of supervisor. You can go away and you can do things, you can rely on him. That's him. Okay, I'm running late to those UNL, I need to make more. Let's go Joe, let's do them. Well, almost all the post on position. This is pretty good. Oh, getting some way. So that's it, that's the end of the video. You