 Future Friday. The freshest. Alright, so this video had been sent through quite a lot. Is the Philippine Smadrigal singers in this restaurant like setting actually happened like a few days ago and is going super, super, but super, super viral. Um, again. Just checked out a couple of the majorial singers. Yeah. And they seem to do these all the time. They are not calling the restaurant singing menaces. No, I just think that I'm expecting the gates of Ho-Oh of Heaven to open with this, with this like impromptu sash. Well, okay. Fuck me. I told ya. I told ya. Bro, what on the earth? I told ya. Imagine that you end your food and then they like, oh my god, where's our wallet? We don't have it. Can we pay for that? Oh, don't know. Do you accept any other form of a method of payment? I think Crypto Carrizy now. Uh, PayPal, no. Do you take Heavenly Choir? Yeah, Sigurd, yes. Wow. Wow. Wow. Oh, so I look like Turong. Oh, you know what's funny though? What is Turong in English? Turong is... It's not a little bit of Turong. It looks more like Milocha. No, okay. Turong is Nugat. Nugat. Nugat. N-O-U. No, N-U. N-U. N-U. Yeah. N-U. N-U. N-U. I think. Yeah, it sucks this white shit. Can I just have a moment? White pastes. Can I just have a moment? Because what I like about this choir like settings is that you get a lot of all the really intricate harmonies to be like a pinnacle character in the story development of the song. Like, for example, because there are so many voices in that specific set of harmonies that they become very prevalent like the ninths or like the seconds. They are such weird notes like naturally in pop music and popular music and ballads or anything to do with the normal like streamable music. The most complex thing that you could hear is possibly a seventh on a harmony setting from a vocal standpoint. But what is so magical about this, that I think that's also what you hear in the classics of the Disney classics from the 1950s or even way before that, is those really close seconds in the harmonies or they're really nice, they put ninths with a sevenths and they still have the thores and the fifths working through. So you have this whole angelic that shouldn't work but it still does and because there are so many voices working in the same, I don't know, like the same frequency, when you hear it all together, it sounds like that and the resonance doesn't really depend anymore on the plays that you're seeing it in because there's just so many of them and it creates that natural church-like sound. It is so freaking magical. I think if on any of that didn't make any sense. Sorry. No, no, no. I think there's a good example of that. Like there was a video you were watching of Jacob Collier. I'm going to put it on, yes. He was essentially explaining to people who, because he was a very big crowd so I presume not everyone may understand and I presume it's the same as this. It's like, this is probably going to get watched by a few thousand people, right? So it's like to presume that all the few thousand people wouldn't acknowledge or know that sort of depth of harmony harmonies, it's probably unlikely. But there's a good physical example of that with Jacob in which even if the people didn't know what the fuck was happening, they are introducing different layers, well, they're harmonizing with each other and they're introducing these sort of ideas of ninths and fifths and thirds and seconds. That way that's what this does. So well, that's what the magical singers do so well in which it encapsulates not only one sound, but it encapsulates many sounds making you feel as if you were... Gives this a ethereal sound, like overall composition. And actually, I feel the reason why this happens is because... Unnatural. It's because, yeah, in our room, I'd be a good way to say it because you're not naturally exposed to this, or not maybe not actually, usually exposed to this, because most people what they listen to, it's, you know, so dictated by mainstream media and mainstream media doesn't exploit other harmonies apart from... The fifth and the thirds. And that's it. You will never really see much exposure to this unless you are a fan of magical singers or... Unless you've been brought up in the classical training ground, which I think a lot, if you are a classical musician, then you most definitely, but you know that you're not going to find that outside of like, I don't know, jazz, maybe. Or let's say you're from the Philippines, right? And you sort of... You grew up in the country and there's obviously a big karaoke, big singing culture. And you might know how to do second, thirds, fifths, ninths. Naturally, you're inclined to it, yeah? Because you've experimented so much. You have... You've put yourself through the far so much unwillingly because you just don't carry a karaoke session, sat in a man, drunk off your head. So you might not know what you're doing, but you're essentially utilizing these harmonies. Or I think as well, in a place like the Philippines, you might have a broader understanding as well, because some of the best quiets in the world actually come from the Philippines. I didn't know this. The Madriga, I just want an example. But there are plenty of other great quiets. Yeah, it's true. But yeah. Go back, go back a little bit. One of the work is this. Oh, God. Aww! Yeah! Oh My goodness, you know what's funny as well like the someone just walked fuck joy just walked into the restaurant Also, this restaurant looks like a vibe. What's it called the kitchen? Kitchen of something Lele Leve kitchen is seasoned love some shit. Oh kitchen the kitchen is Manila ability that's just Our kitchen is isn't it isn't with love? Probably all this kitchen maybe I have no idea But that looks like a vibe bro. They have like big is like big We used to well, we didn't really used to have this actually this type of location must be Christmas plus the choir is fucking Christmas But yeah, you don't really get restaurants like that. Maybe they just hired the whole thing as well Could be they're doing well for themselves. They wouldn't surprise me But maybe they hired the whole thing, but you don't usually get those big like what the fuck do you say the word come a door? I can't speak English Dynas, yeah, dining space. Yeah, you don't really get big diners like this. They're all sort of mess up together I think that's also quite popular in Asia. Oh, yeah, cuz I do think like eating is such a communal thing as well I don't think I don't think in South America at least not even as well I hope you're not sharing and stuff that's crazy to me. Yeah, yeah, I know I would do it because obviously you're in there You're a bite to their fucking rules. Yeah, but I say you're in my house you fucking us Wow And then if you take off of my plate without asking oh my gosh, I live through that night Yeah, that's my one of my pet peeves when someone like grabs like that off of your plate. What are you manners? What do you mean? Food is to share anyways, I am gonna say one more time I know some of the magical members do watch the videos and stuff on the list and that's obviously a huge honor and a huge privilege Come on the podcast Tambishai we can mix it with Tagalog Bangarapko mak mahal between Cizil Okay Wow Hangang did to did to oh Oh You know also talking about that we are performing at the one MX So we do have a they available first of October VIP tickets have been sold out so shout out to everyone I think I probably will Saturday this is probably your last day to enter the giveaway if you want to enter correct Just drop us an email with your contact information who you're looking forward to watching it is in London So you have to make your way but at least your tickets will be sorted And I know we have people watching from all over the world Apart from that Shout out to everyone. Thanks for recommending this. Yeah, absolutely freaking dreamy anything the madrigals is always an absolute joy to review I love everything they do and There they are takes on some of the most popular songs some of the Popular opiams their versions of them It's like a completely brand new way of music and I love it Well, let us know what you like us to watch next and apart from that goodbye