 60,000 years ago, people jumped onto rafts to travel to the Philippines, not knowing if there is any land with a heading to. That is the biggest leap of faith ever. Hmm. It is time for a little bit of history on... What's up Philippines? What is up guys? Welcome to another reaction channel. Video on our channel. Morning. My name is Mike. And I'm Nelly. We are two travel food and lifestyle bloggers based here in Manila in the Philippines. Bringing you some good travel food and lifestyle vibes. God, I'm so bad at this lately. Yeah. But here on what's up Philippines, we react to videos that you send us, you recommend to us. And Nelly, what are we reacting to today? So today we are reacting to... The history of the Philippines in 12 minutes. That's good. It was... Alright, before we jump into this video guys... Subscribe. Do as a solid one and hit that subscribe button if you enjoy watching our videos here. I see like only 40% of the people actually watching these videos are subscribed to our channel. So hitting that subscribe button will support us a ton. And right now we are super, super motivated to bring more of this content for you guys to watch and enjoy. During the quarantine here in the Philippines and for us it is a awesome way to pass our time. Yes. It's fun for us and fun for you. It's day inside, it's day inside, film videos, watch videos, stay safe. And yeah, it's going on as much as you do now. I think that's enough like right? This looks... are you skew? Yeah, it's skew. No, it's fine. Just violin like this. Okay, let me... should I check? No, it's fine. Okay. And... Sorry, it's skew. And... Got... God, we were the most unprofessional reaction to the movie. I mean, it's the... What? What? I got a pause right away. What? 60,000 years ago, people jumped onto rafts to travel to the Philippines, not knowing if there is any land we're heading to. I mean, you can't see it if you jump on a boat and run on a raft. Yeah. That is the biggest leap of faith ever. Yeah, very true. With the Neolithic era, by 1,000 BC, it is believed that the inhabitants of the archipelago had developed into four distinct kinds of people. Try halos. Your societies. The Petzi Plutocracy and the Harbor civilizations. Also important to note is the fact that the metallurgy reached the archipelago due to trade with India. Around 300 to 700 AD, the seafaring people of the islands began to trade with the Indianized kingdoms in the Malay archipelago and the nearby East Asian principalities, adopting influences from both Buddhism and Hinduism. Hmm. Some cultures of present-day Vietnam showed evidence of an extensive trade network. Artifacts and goods were traded, such as glass, agate, or gold. There were also other items present in the region which were most likely imported, including ear ornaments that have been found in archaeological sites in the Philippines, Thailand, and Taiwan. The Indian culture influenced the Southeast Asian region starting with the first century. During the period of the South Indian Palava dynasty and the North Indian Gupta Empire, Indian culture spread to Southeast Asia. Very beautiful cities that were India as well. Which led to the establishment of new and new indigenous cultures. By the Indian... I know that India was a big trade... Muggle. Muggle back then, but I had no idea that they also did trading with the Philippines. Culture and traditions. The date inscribed in the oldest Philippine document found so far, the Laguna copper plate inscription is 900 AD. From the details of the document, written in Kaui script, the bearer of a debt, Namwaran, along with his children, is cleared of a debt by the ruler of Tondo. This is the earliest document that shows the use of mathematics in pre-colonial Philippine societies. A standard system of weights and measures is also demonstrated by the use of precise measurement for gold and other items, as well as an astronomy. From the various Sanskrit terms and titles seen in the document, the culture and society of the Manila Bay were that of Hindu old Malay Amalgamation, similar to the cultures of Java, Peninsula Malaysia, and Sumatra at the time. In the years leading up to 1000, there were already several maritime societies existing in the islands, but there was no unifying political state encompassing the entire Philippine archipelago. Instead, the region was divided into numerous semi-autonomous city-states under the rule of the Plutocracy, while a number of states existed alongside the Highland societies. These smaller structures alternated between being part of or being influenced by larger Asian empires, like Maya Bahit. Around 1225 in the... Okay. I'm quite aware of the European history, but... Please tell us the European history in five minutes. No! No! No, that's something that we learned at school! Okay. It's not a test here. What year? No. What year? What year? What year? What year? What was the Habsburg Empire formed? Ah... 1400. I have no idea. A Shun of Rimae, a Buddhist pre-Hispanic Philippine island-state centered in Mondoro, flourished, attracting traders... I think Ostar Rikki, which was the previous name of Austrian Habsburg Empire, was 982. Okay. Just googling some facts quickly. Meetings, meetings. Look, I was right. From 1400. You are only 40 years wrong. Good. Look up Ostar Rikki. No, not this is not about Austria. And shipping from the Kingdom of Rimae to the Empire of Japan. Chao Jikua, a customs inspector in Fuki in Province, China, wrote the description of the barbarous peoples describing trade with this pre-colonial state. Its people were noted for their honesty in trade. Much of what is now Indonesia was ruled by the Hindu Maya Pahit Empire. During the 1300s, this empire ruled over Luzon Island and the Sulu Archipelago. As more and more influence was on these islands, skirmishes and battles also existed. Some local tribes were waging incessant guerrilla warfare against them. Eventually, the kingdoms of Luzon regained independence from Maya Pahit after the Battle of Manila 1365. Sulu also reestablished independence, and inventions assaulted the Maya Pahit province of Brunei before fleets from the capital drove them out. The start of the Islamic era in Indonesia set the collapse of the Maya Pahit as its provinces eventually seceded and became independent Sultanates. In 1380, McDoom Kareem, an Arab trader born in Jahor, arrived in Sulu from Malacca. That's why Minderoy is Muslim to the Philippines. Additionally, Sherif All Hashim and Arab Muslim explorer established the Sultanate of Sulu. Like this part? Yeah, but no, I mean the Nas not Mingi Muslim. Okay. It's I think it's southern. Southern. Southern, southern. West Minderoy I think is like a... Yeah. By converting its previous ruler, the Hindu king Raja Bagwinda to Islam, and then marrying his daughter, the Sultanates of Magin, Dineo, rose to prominence at the end of the 15th century, meanwhile. The religion was introduced to the area by Muslim missionaries and traders from the Middle East, Indian and Malay regions who propagated Islam to Sulu and Magin, Dineo. As before, when Buddhist and Hindu cultures influenced the archipelago, the same case happened with the Muslim culture. Upon the secession of Brunei from the Maya Pahit Empire, they imported the Arab Emir from Mecca, Sherif Ali, and became an independent Sultanate, the new religion. Just one thing. This video is mainly made by animations with the Philippines map, which is quite like, what I said, simple, but also very difficult to put it all together. I think it's a very, very interesting one. Started to grow roots in the Philippines through conquest and conversion of local leaders in the next decades. Moreover, Islam was further strengthened by the arrival to the Philippines of traders and proselytizers from Malaysia and Indonesia. He sounds like somebody from National Geographic. In 1521, expedition around the world led by Portuguese-born Spanish explorer Ferdinand Magellan. Claiming the islands he saw for the Spanish Empire, he established friendly relations with some of the locals. This is ours now. I claim this mine. One of them to Roman Catholicism. Because the Philippines are a large archipelago, the Spaniards started to explore many islands. However, the explorer Ferdinand Magellan was killed during the battle of Mectan against the local ruler Lapu Lapu. Over the next several decades, other Spanish expeditions were dispatched to the islands. In 1543, an expedition was led to the islands naming them Philippines in honor of Philip of Austria, who became Philip II of Spain on January 16th, 1556. We are Austrian, so we have no idea. Philip of Austria. Can it be? No. I don't think. Need to look that up and it's something because we will talk to you about Austrian history. It was about the half the empire. The half the empire and how they used to... Yeah, probably. Aime was then extended to the entire archipelago later on in the Spanish era. European colonization began in earnest when Spanish explorer Miguel Lopez de Legatsby arrived from Mexico in 1565 and forms the first European settlements in Sabu. Through diplomatic and military annexation of some lands incorporating local states including the Kingdom of Tondo, the Spaniards established Manila as the capital of the Spanish East Indies. In 1578, the Castilian War erupted between the Christian Spaniards and Muslim Bruneans over control of the Philippine archipelago. The Christian troops were so diverse due to generally being made up of people under the Spanish rule, including Native Americans, namely Aztecs, Mayans and Incans who were gathered and sent from Mexico and South America to be led by Spanish officers that had worked together with native Filipinos in military campaigns across Southeast Asia. The Muslim side was also very diverse though. They were supported by the Ottoman Empire with their troops consisting of Malay warriors and expeditionary forces sent by the Ottomans, which included mainly Turks, Egyptians, Suahili's, Somalis, Indians and others. The conflict ended with a status quo antebellum. Just 20 years after the conquest of Luzon, remarkable progress existed in the work of colonization of the islands and the spread of Christianity. A cathedral was built in the city of Manila with an episcopal palace. Other monastery and churches were built across islands and more and more people started to convert to Christianity. Furthermore, Spanish and Mexican families settled in the new lands creating stronger communities. Much of the archipelago came under Spanish rule, creating the first unified political structure known as the Philippines. Spanish colonial rule saw the introduction of Christianity, the code of law, and the oldest modern university in Asia. Okay. I just want to say something, but also at the same time I want to follow what they are saying to get the context so bear with us. That's it, that's all right. Philippines was ruled by the Mexico-based vice royalty of New Spain and after. The colony was directly governed by Spain. Many of the local people revolted in the next centuries due to some abuses made by the Spanish authorities. Their rule ended after the American Spanish War at the end of the 19th century in 1898. The Philippines became a territory of the United States. The United States then established the... That early already, 1898. Wow, I wasn't aware of that. In Sular governments to rule the Philippines, in 1907 the elected assembly was set up with popular elections. The US promised independence in the Jones Act to the country, and the Philippine Commonwealth was established in 1935 as a 10-year interim step period to full independence. But before gaining total freedom in 1942 during World War II, the Philippines was occupied by Japanese forces. By 1945 the US liberated the Philippines and the Treaty of Manila in 1946 established an independent Philippine Republic. The period of their independence was marked by internal skirmishes and a smaller period of dictatorship. But also huge progress and development with manual Roxas becoming the first president of the independent republic of the Philippines. The United States seceded its sovereignty over the Philippines on July 4th, 1946 as scheduled. However, the Philippine economy remained highly dependent on United States markets. Roxas died suddenly of a heart attack in April 1948 and device president El Pidio Corrino ruled the country until 1953. Some communist partisans existed in the islands but were defeated in the 50s. Additionally, an important event happened in the middle of the 1960s. Ferdinand Marcos took power in 1965 and ruled until 1986. This era included the final years of the Third Republic from 1965 to 1972 and the Philippines under martial law 1972 to 1981. His reign was marked by dictatorship and instability. In 1986 Ferdinand Marcos was removed from power and replaced by Maria Corrino. Up to the present day five other presidents ruled the Philippines. Wow interesting. Such a great video so many things that I didn't know. Facts overload. Mine balloon. Wow that was a good summary. Very objective I would say. I have to go go fill up the Austrian. Yeah. I need to know. Okay so in any case it's good for us to learn these things because we live here and it's the same thing when I move to Austria I grew up in Austria we just you know want to know the history the culture everything around the Philippines so it's good to keep ourselves educated and know the facts. Philip? Austria. Austria. Refer to two Habsburg kings. Okay cool. Yeah this was an awesome video I really loved it. If you guys have more of these videos for us to watch maybe something specific about each individual region of the Philippines so like Luzon, Desire and so on. Let us know because I'd like to learn more about the history of this amazing country. If you're new around here we should hit that thumbs up give this video a like if you enjoyed it and we will see you next time on WhatsApp Philippines. Bye bye.