 Future Friday. The freshest. Well, well, well. Yes, exactly. Talk about taking talent abroad. This year's AQT's next level. Really, they really amped it up. It's a steroids. We're actually fairly familiar with Roland. Yes. Buonot avant. That's how we kind of knew him. And he did a lot of Michael Bolton. Oh, he did, yes. And like he did on the wish bus, then he had a viral karaoke video. Well, it first was the karaoke video. Then he goes to the wish bus. And we were like, wow. So he's gone to Americans got talent. Literally yesterday or that's when they published it. Let's have a look at the whole thing. You guys forget a condensed version, but we will watch the full performance together. Right? Wow, he's so cool. Hi. What is your name and where are you from, sir? I'm Roland Abanti. I'm from... Philippines. Let's go. The Philippines is good. Oh, you know you're about to be blown away. On the same on him on the other side. So he's gonna sing tonight. You're gonna sing class, okay? Yeah, maybe. And so are you a singer in the Philippines? So, the singer is in the Philippines? So in the Philippines, he's just singing in the neighborhood. They have karaoke. Okay, so you do it as a karaoke. For fun. Yeah, I have no idea what you're into. You have no idea what you're about to get yourself into. You have no idea, Simon. You have a day job. The Philippines. I read the song. In the Philippines, I'm in the Philippines. And then, in the Philippines, my work is in the morning. I'm a fisherman. So, the person recommended the video said that. I actually didn't know that by Roland. Afternoon, I do drive a motorbike and I deliver passengers and goods. Wow. Mototaxi and bike. Mototaxi, yay. So why America's got talent? In... Ooh. Tough. Are you making cry? Yeah. Are you making... Every night I see in my cell phone only. Because this is my big dream. Yes, sir. To be here. Oh! Yes, sir. You know what, honey? Yes, sir. They have no idea. They have no idea what you're into. What's about to hear? Roland, do you want to have a hug before you start or you're good? Yes. Okay, let's sing. Break it on. Okay. Okay, let's go. Yeah, we... Yes, let's go. We have a hug. Yes. We say always, yes, two hugs. My God, what a moment. Dude, this is why we love Day Town TV for this. Is that why we love you? I love you. Oh, bro. That's the biggest thing. Good man. Yeah, watching the stairs as well. Good man. Yes, I'm already one. No, no, no. Good luck to you. Woo, woo, woo. I feel the butterflies in my tummy. You're seat to pour, pour, pour. You're seat to pour, pour, pour. Let them blow these minds. Absolutely murder. Yeah, everybody's nervous. This means a lot, bro. This is life changing, bro. What are you talking about? You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. Oh, what are you talking about? You're not. He's great. Yeah, my couple. Good man. He's made the right choice. He's ready. Get ready. Ready. When I'm alive. Yes, sir. Can I give this man a month today? Hallelujah. Literally, girl. Yes. We love it now. And then we'll see. Wow Instead of in ears, well, I mean, he's an audition. They have flow monitoring and he's in front of him My god, honestly, there is no Environment when he would will where he would not yeah, well, he will not shine welcome to the Philippines Yeah, that's what we've been saying with the co-cariot and the culture of singing then when you go to big stages like this You will eat the thing is the thing is because we check out so many karaoke videos and like malls and like good The streets and like in a middle of like a fruit seller or a peanut seller they get very recommended people like From the Philippines think this is like normal or whatever, but this is what you Perspective It's so accurate. It's so accurate Sir sir Just imagine this performance him and a piano and just the lights are rolled down Yeah, and it's just one spotlight and he's just standing there singing maybe an original maybe some Michael Bolton whatever People would pay Money bro, it's crazy. No, and the thing is the thing is you have to take this into consideration right? He's gone through a whole screening process to get to the stage You should have televised the audition here. You've already auditioned a bunch of times You've already gone through a whole screening process. You know what you're about to get yourself into when you get to this point Right, he's also owning the stage. He's walking through that stage like this is the moment and also the pressure So high now because it's the same as putriari any right from Indonesia's like by the time they get to that televised big moments They're mentally prepared, but it's a completely different ballgame once you get to the stage Reim ball game because this could literally one video could absolutely change your life Oh wow my god Insanity oh This is so great Wow, he's really going old chips in man All this audition you were playing checkers this much playing Emendos and no yeah, this is what they don't understand That that type of pressure because again because of the culture singing in the Philippines is like They're so used to singing in a random mall singing televisions showtime And all types of when it's one of the hardest singing competitions belongs to the Philippines in the world Not not the US or the UK. These guys are so used to these performances. They rehearsed them so much They they sing in precarious Environments the songs are ingrained in their memories These are their go-to songs and so nerves and he's not gonna crack him exactly Narvises that is it's definitely an altering factor Definitely, but it will not crack The Philippine the Philippine oh Again, man, you know so everyone is a different right or not all people from the Philippines are the same and people are dancing and Concing but what I'm saying is because of the culture of singing if you do sing That's probably how your pedigree is going to be made you are going to be self-taught most likely Even though there are great musicians that do end up going the academic route from the Philippines There's many actually look at Casey's band Casey Tandingen's band Look at Regina Velasquez band, you know actually the bamboo's band, you know a lot of those guys are academia based But at the same time singing based most of them are all self-taught in the way of Singing yes, the way you learn to sing is by singing um, and this is a brilliant example of that It's just so it's just a hardwarming to see this moment because Because there is so much meaning behind The hobby there there there is and the lack of opportunity sometimes takes away those dreams, you know This is when I like these um, this shows What is about oh try not to translate Oh yeah, I got the translation later Damn, dang what banging audition. I'm really happy that me I don't I don't know how they're doing the shows nowadays because they've always changed But I that that I think it would also help as well to focus in this sort of like the The packaging the marketing what how what type of artist that we kind of become and whatever happens in the show go far Go short whatever um, this video will definitely open metric load of doors for him definitely and not only that but but it also it's a incredibly life-changing moment Personally from from from the the the emotional standpoint to What it actually represents? I think I think So it's also re-acturing as an artist what it is I did know it and the thing is like these are the moments where you think oh god time is different like you can You can't really play if it's for you even if you move even if you go to another set of the country It will be there for you, you know what I mean it goes a shout out to roller yeah, it's a cool um And actually I would love to have him on the show um have a chat with him I know this is probably Recorded month ago because the live round so like obviously way later But anyways, let us know what you guys thought about it and the adios