 We are officially in the future now where we don't need people to check here. I love Combine with people! It feels like we haven't left because this place is just full of high-rise building. So we're going to get on one of these jeeps. Here in Manila. I feel like I'm in Europe to be honest. Good afternoon guys, welcome back to another episode here on the channel. And as you can see, bags are all packed. Two big bags, we've got the hand luggage and we've got a special gear ready for a big trip here in the Philippines. So guys, this is going to be the first video of a big series here in the country of Philippines. But we're going to be exploring some beautiful places all around the country. So if you are new here, be sure to subscribe. But as you can see, we are currently over in Dubai at the moment. Because we were here for about a couple of days just having a break before heading over to the Philippines. But as the foremost guys, let's head over to the airport, get into a taxi and off we go. Welcome to the Philippines, a country that has been voted one of the friendliest countries in the world. A country in the southeast of Asia with a huge population of 113 million people. A country full of beautiful landscapes that are visited by millions around the world. The Philippines consist of over 7,640 islands of which 2,000 are inhabited. The Philippines is a country that has been voted one of the most beautiful islands in the world. The Philippines is a country that has been voted one of the most beautiful islands in the world. The Philippines is a country that has been voted one of the most beautiful islands in the world. The Philippines is a country that has been voted one of the most beautiful islands in the world. Alright guys, we are officially in the future now where we don't need people to check you in. It's just confused. Let me know in the comments how it's that good thing. Oh, and let's begin. I'm going to go for security. Alright guys, as you can see we are now waiting to board. It is a super, super busy flight which is something that I was not expecting here because the airport was so, so empty. Anyway, we got about 8 hours and 30 minute flight all the way to Manila and the sun is currently setting and I think that's us. We're about to board. Alright guys, we are officially on the aeroplane now. It is a fully imported plane. Even though the airport in Dubai was actually very very empty, I was expecting it to have a lot of free spaces but fortunately, there's a lot of people going to Manila so let's do this guys. Alright guys, we're about six in the whole seven hours. We have officially made it here in Manila. landed and haven't had any sleep whatsoever. So very, very tired but ready to get the adventure started. Let's go. Thank you, bye. Bye. Alright guys, we have officially made it into Manila, Philippine and it was quite a smooth process to be honest. When we actually came out, it was really, really chilled. We're now just getting some internet here in Manila and I'll not leave a representative to see our help in us. So guys, this is the plans that you can get. We're recommended to go globe sim card. So these guys are apparently really good for the islands as well. I'm going for 160 GB which is 2000 pesos which is actually 29 pounds which is roughly about 35 dollars or so. So we're here for 30 days so I think that's going to be more than enough. Alright guys, we have officially entered the country of Philippine and one of the first things you feel when you come out is that tropical human air. Well anyway guys, we're just getting into a grab now because we actually ordered a grab instead of getting a local taxi because we heard it's easier to get around and it's actually a cheaper way to get about as well. So I'll just show you as well here. Hello, come by with people. She's finally ready to vlog now. We've had a long, long journey about 10 hours altogether from door to door but we've had literally no sleep since Dubai to get in here. So sorry if I'm not speaking too well at the moment or anything but it's the first day and we're super tired. We're just looking forward to having a little nap. We've not slept in like three days. Yeah, we've been very very excited to come here to Philippine. So anyway just to give you guys an idea. So we're now just waiting for our grab drive out very very straightforward. As soon as you come outside the airport there's a load of taxi areas but we'll recommend it to take grab because it's very very easy straightforward to just download the application. You can pay by cash or by cards. So it's very very easy. I'll just show you guys too. Hi Raymond, how are you? Hi, I'm Paeng. Good, good. Thank you. All right guys, first right here in Middleton Philippines. Ready to roll to our apartment. All right guys, so we are now heading over to the apartments that we're staying in. The area we're actually going to now is Macarty City and apparently it's one of the modern areas here in Middleton Philippines and we're looking forward to seeing it and we've got Raymond. Raymond is right. Raymond, I'm looking after us, taking our first journey here over to Macarty. Let's go. So guys, as we're driving around through the, I'd say more modern side here of Minilisso Farm, really really pleasant surprise at how stunning this place looks. Super super modern, very futuristic and funny enough we just came from Dubai and it feels like we haven't left because this place is full of high-rise buildings. It looks like a lot of offices and probably high-rise apartments but I guess first impression so far of seeing this city, it looks really great, very very futuristic modern and looking forward to getting on one of these things as well. I've seen these little buses. What's the name of these? Deep, so deep. Deep, yeah? Okay, so we're going to get on one of these jeeps. I heard they're a good ride and I've seen some videos they look really really funny. It's okay. Thank you so much. Bye Raymond. Hi, thanks so. Alright guys, we have made it to our apartments and great thing is there is a shopping mall downstairs. Now it doesn't get any more better than that. As you can see guys, this place is called the Kullit Jazz. I know why they call it Jazz now because this place is just super super jazzy, it looks super super funky and as I'll say it's so so cool to have a shopping mall just literally downstairs so if you need any groceries or just even looking around and also showing you guys what type of shopping malls they've got here in Philippines because one thing I know in Philippines is the locals you guys do love a shopping mall so I'm looking forward to exploring some Philippines shopping malls and seeing how they compare to shopping malls around the world so yeah let's do it guys. We're just checking into our apartment at the moment, lend the wife you do it all because she's usually good at that stuff. Alright so it's the moment of the truth guys to see what the apartment is going to be like. We're staying here for 10 days so opening that one the internet speed is good and two it's just going to be a comfortable place and nice overall so let's see. Oh nice this is the crib. We've got the living area here it looks different to the pictures to run this. Oh look what's exactly the same. There's a, oh here it is guys we've got like a it's very very cozy as you can see we've got a little bedroom here or a balcony. That was our little saturday at clean once then it's not saying that we're the Queen's. Yeah. Alright this is it guys very very cozy we've got a cookout we've got a bathroom here. Hello. Alright guys I've been getting some rest and about six seven hours rest we're now coming inside Jazzmore which is downstairs and we're just going to look for some food to eat and get the energy levels back up because we actually starving we've had no food lots of whatever. First impressions of our first more just downstairs here in Manila. I feel like I'm in Europe to be honest. Alright how are you? I'm sorry I'm old. Good thank you. So guys it looks like there's a lot of ramen restaurants here. We've got Chinese, we've got Viking, we've got steak and looks like it's popping off. It's a Sunday night today. This is so handy guys we literally have this shopping mall downstairs from our building. So so cool. Alright guys our first meet is going to be a meet meet together. Let's go. Hi, my name is Ergen Even. Ah how are you doing? I can't just ask. We see the menu. Oh you cannot go. Can I just order stuff from the menu or it has to be the buffet? It's all you can order. We're moving. Ah the food price is not okay. Can we have a quick look? Just a sec. Alright guys so the first place that we've stopped off on our evening is a ramen place. It's simply like you say we have a popular thing out here in Philippines because in the mall we've seen quite a few places selling the ramen so let me know guys if you're a local here in Philippines, his Japanese, a famous dish here because I don't see it that often in other places usually I just see sushi everywhere. So anyway guys we're going for a ramen here. I'm going for a spicy chicken one and Dase is going to go for a not sure just yet. But yeah we're just going to beat away and so far enjoying the first few vibes here in Philippines. Alright guys so we've got our dishes and it looks absolutely great. Look at this huge ramen looking dish. Well ramen dish I say sorry guys I'm a bit rusty with the vlogging because I took like since my last series if you guys would have seen my film series in Morocco which I was there for a month so I needed a long long time off. So we had the break for about three weeks over in Dubai and now we're back in, well not bad we're here in Philippines so today's the first vlog here so a little bit of rusty after having a break for anyway it's time to munch our ramen. Guys bye bye. Alright guys that is the first dinner finished officially. Bye and I'm absolutely stuffed to be honest guys that was really really heavy. Now we're just going to do some grocery shopping or chat or chat. Alright guys we are back at the apartment now and we're going to get some rest and I know this was just a bit of a short vlog on the way here to the Philippines and Manila but there's going to be a big series here in the beautiful country of Philippines and we're going to show you around some amazing places and things to see in this incredible country. So guys good night thank you for watching this one and if you're new here don't forget to subscribe and we'll see you on the next episode which is coming out in a couple of days.