 with your Friday. The freshest. First time. That's right. Lola Amour. Lola Amour. Amour. It's a song called Fallen. This is actually not new. In terms of like this band's been around for a while. That's true. They didn't even know about it. We're finding out for the first time today. Let's give it a watch. I don't know what you saw. It's from there. One of them had a... From bone. Ooh, the fun. Ooh, a saxophone. Ah, good. Oh, that was fun. Okay, the bassist? Bass players. Get it out. Uh, yes, sir. Yes. Double thumbs up. I'm a game with this. Uh, yes, sir. Yes. Double thumbs up. I'm a game with this. Oh, wow. What is he doing? What is he doing? What is he doing? What is he doing? What is he doing? What is he doing? He's doing this. I don't want to go away Who never mind Don't wanna give you any trouble Never mind Wow, he's unreal! And he's so chilled but Like, he is like the, you know, you know in those early 90s, early 2000s movie where you have like the cool guy but he doesn't know his cool so he's a bit shy That's him! This is so good! Slap that bass But if I told you that I've fallen I also feel like this isn't the genre I feel like this is something a new experimentation perhaps Because I feel like that guy, he would be so good at alternative rock Totally And I feel like they do alternative rock Yeah, I feel like they're metal sections like special invitation No, a man, maybe You know, or maybe that's all I'm not giving like this is a special arrangement I don't know but it You just add so much to it though Imitates it is like, like, scoffy It would be so weird if this is like something like a different lolo and mool song Yeah, and this is real Don't comparison to what they usually have as a sound but it's like one of their best This is so great though, this is fabulous Go back to that arrangement Also the pianist is having his best life I love that There's money That's money I don't know Of the bassist Oh What They do rock They have to do rock What if I talk to you that follow Yeah, I don't even see it Oh There is a joke That bass player, I give him a raise Yeah Wow, that song is so short That is fabulous They have a lot of, obviously, dynamics going on And I wonder who saw the composer of the song actually is They says here in the band, okay, so maybe they don't do it In the rock, maybe In the band Lola Amur performs falling Which was the song which is based on a real live experience It's about trying to confess your feelings only to get things quite complicated According to vocalist and songwriter Pio Dumayas Or Dumayas, Dumayas I think The song isn't about falling in love, it's about settling It's about settling for walking in circles Because the only way out doesn't lead to a good place Oh damn, that's not real love What if I talk to you that up Dude, I want to be like that bass player when I'm older Listen, he was like, I'm a hide here for a while I love this guy Boom, vocals And he was like, how did we get here? The freaking metal section was taking such a frontier here You're like totally in this cool ride of jazz fusion situation And then, you're already in love with the main vocalist that leads the song So you're totally in with the whole chill situation And then you're paying attention to the lyrics Because he is such a great carrying out the story in such a good way And the bass is slapping and the drums are drumming And everything is just doing it They're so good, they're so so good The music is musicking in here And then suddenly the freaking bass player is just singing Wow Yeah, it's very interesting like they're taking on again the metal section, the percussion Very simple arrangements but they are... A simpler approach It's not easy What they've done is not easy A simpler approach to a bigger band number Which I presume this is probably why this song has become probably very commercial I don't know how he has done It's done very well on the wish bus but I don't know if the original has done even better for them Or streamed really well Can I just say though, what a sticky song That song is gonna stay with you forever But I think it's because of the simple arrangements Because it is very easily digestible And I think everyone from different sort of likes of music Will be able to appreciate Can I just say something though? The whole experience, the whole is watching the performance experience I had me feeling so excited Like I didn't know what to expect of the band And then suddenly it's like this whole thing Lola It's so colorful, I'm sweating Lola Amur is a Filipino rock band Fucking music That doubles into the genre of Modern Rock Funk and Pop Because I insist of Pio de Majes which is the lead vocalist and the composer Martin Kim on the background vocals on keyboard Raymond Kim Oh, I feel sinks cool On background vocals on bass This dude, this dude, had your essence So we are going to focus on this guitar And Yellow Messina on Trumpets Also they always bring the metals Yes Jokes Peres on the saxophone Renzo Santos on the drums Saraje de Bra la Renzo They also introduced three sessionists into the band as regular performers, Jeff Abuegg on the saxophone, Rafi Perez on drums, shout out to Rafi, yeah, and Mano Dumayas on trumpet. Oh, his brother, Pio Dumayas, maybe the brothers from another mother. No, you never know. Okay. They've had some past members and they came out... Yeah, 2013, mate. Oh, wow, look at that. So they've been doing it for a little while. They've been doing it for a while. See, they're not new. How stupid is it? How stupid is it? How awesome is this song? This song is dope. I love that the fact that you get to discover something new through the journey of the song itself. Like, I love that discovering aspect of it all because the song was fabulous at the beginning and then as it develops, they're more you fall in love with it. It's really great. It has such a brilliant dynamic. What's the latest song you tell me that I fall in love with this section because I'm already freaking whipped. And then this guy comes in. I shout out to Lola Amur. That is sick, okay? Shout out. Let us know if there's any other bands you'd like us to review for the first time. And if there are any Lola Amur songs that we should check out more. Was this song popular? It seems to be very popular on the wish bus. I hope it's very popular for them because it's a tri-fire track. They're awesome.