 Bait right back Good morning, 10-15. I live in November of 2022. We're just coming from the AYZ AIDS hardware store. There's one bag of pile of hesib. There's one more coming back to my left. Boom, there we go. We got a bag of, I think, 3 kilos of roofing nails and a few other items needed here today. After this, after we leave to the land, we got to go to the Blue Hardware paper 20 bags of cement. It's a little 4,000-page somewhere around there. We'll figure it out. It's going fine. Just take a look, see. It's just usual, small updates, you know. But I like to do a daily thing just to see the day-to-day. It's my video record, video log. Bring you guys along if you're in line too. Not, that's okay too. One of those. The roof is all here. The dashboard mic over there is doing the Murray Ender. Let's go take a look, see. Alright, we're going to use cutting the panels. Oh yes. Let's get in there. Let's get in almost full. Pretty soon. Pretty soon. I'm going to pause out the question. I thought we were going to use those two concrete columns to put them there as well. But yes, no. I think I've got to find a way to get rid of that. It's going to be an ISO. Let me ask so. Okay, I'm back. I just conferred with a bi-LJ. The columns, they want to break up the concrete off of it. They want to preserve the rebar and make reuse of it somewhere. If not on the house here somewhere later. So that's why they're still there. But they're going to break up the concrete and put it in there. So yeah, they're almost done. They should be done today. They're going to pull in, which is good. I didn't have to buy any extra sand for this. Looks like. I'll show you the minute where they took it from. There's the pile up crap right there. So they were the trikes at. And right where my truck's at and the wheel borrows at. That's where they were digging that cell. That excess sand. I told them to pile up in there and use. And to keep them having to use any of that. Good sand. I think I mentioned that already. And now we'll take a look out back. Come join me. Walk this way. I'm standing out here in the back door. Over here is where they took some of the sand. So that's my S1 sand that was here from before. Glad we finally got a use for it. They still got some work to do because they've been focusing there on the septic. Because they've been focusing the efforts here. So the plan is here since we got our water here. We're going to go one line, straight out towards there. They're going to dig a pit out there, concrete it, leave it bottomless. And any of the filtered water from the three chamber, septic tanks. Going to reach this way out there. Now then to the creek, in that direction. Passed our water source on that side. And then that's where it's going to settle in. They're a little research here. And a lot of people here locally do it that way. And it functions very well. Again, like I said, I expect three and a half since it's so big. Maybe I could probably go up to five to six years if there's no problem before we pump it. But we'll see. That's why we have the openings here. We'll put the lid on so we can pump it in the future. It needs me. Okay? Let me see what else updates I can get here. Oh yeah, I see these days working the edges now. Now it's standing. I'm jumping high. I have one. Starting on the edges so we're getting there. And that's the root one. And we'll follow the way all the way out to here. The edges over here. Over here. So they got able to edge it out here. And we're going to do the grout later on. The layout J is working. Looks like the column area. Maybe in the back, let's see. Let's follow the young man. Is he going to make the column? Okay. There's cutting over there and he's doing the placement here. There we go. Looks like some cover. Let me cover some of this a little bit here. Still that more to do. Let me go back over here. Hopefully I don't know. There tomorrow maybe they'll be done with all the edges here. So process they got a measuring cut, measuring cut, measuring cut. At least there's two of them up here now. And we'll see how they're going to do it. And we're going to do the same. And we're going to do the same. And we're going to do the same. And we're going to do the same. And we're going to do the same. We're going to do the same. And we'll see how they're going to do this with the railings here. Get some new bother. See what they have to do? Measure it. Cut it. Semito, rip it over and put it down. Tap it if need be. That's why it takes the time, consumption. there. We're getting there so I think it's probably the mall. So she's pretty straight out of way to go. We got the younger, the younger, the older, the more much time it's done, the more I bought that. So it's a great time to come to Florida. We can't really step out of the noise. Back in the year. Okay, cool your ferdinand. Just in front of with him. He's cutting these pieces here and it's going to go up here. This is a before look and I'm sure you guys have seen it before. And come down. And look at the little stuff that I just did. And it's done. But I'm going to go to Florida again. We've got beautiful. Beautiful. I'm going to start this. It's a nice work for it. But now making the cut. And doing a larger one. That's a good thing. Oh, beautiful. That's cool. I'm going to do that without an eye protection. I'm going to ask the question to make sure we got enough panels for the backside. Okay, I did some recordboard. What kind of sets? Whatever you want to call it. I'm just being well. Try to be funny. Anyway, so here's the deal. You see they're working on the roof now. You see the front is open. So they're going to put up some rebar in the front. Be the place for those doorway. And they said. And they're going to build the roof almost like an apron kind of roof. Not really an apron, but you know, where it's going to, water's going to hit it and go down both sides. I said as long as the contents inside and the outlets and stuff doesn't get wet, I'm okay with that. So we'll see how it goes. Once we're done, it's not. We can always just finish the front later. But they're going to do some rebar up there. Where some plywood. And I'm going to have to treat the plywood. So for the termites and stuff. I told them just to use this old metal stuff here. The old stuff, not the red stuff. I don't want the red shiny stuff. But it's used this for now. The old metal 10, whatever you want to call them. I used to know this stuff when I was young. I'm too old now. Remember that. Too much brain power. Brain cells lost. I had been to too many brains. Too many brain cells. But anyway, so they're getting that from stuff that's around here. We used before with the house. So they're going to take care of that. So they're focused today right now. It's to finish the warehouse. Then we're going to get back over here. Finish this line all the way out. And with no perforated hose, they're going to basically dump it in the concrete box. Like I said earlier, with the bottomless thing down there. It's going to be covered up. It's going to seep through there. And from some of the research I've done here. And the Philippines, this is done a lot. And it performs exceptionally well. Look at that huge baby. He has a battleship right here, baby. That's a battleship. But in some time in the future, it's going to have to be pumped of course. All this is going to get covered up. I'm going to bring some dirt eventually up here. He's to cover up. Tors of water, pie, pie, and around the surrounding house area. This is a low area over here. The water when it does rain, it'll sit here a little bit. But this is the low area of this side. To the left of the property going forward, it's where the water journey gets up a little bit. And it'll sit there for less of a day. You know, seep at the ground. Over here, don't really have that problem. Only when before when the neighbor's property would flood over here. And it would seep where we had sandbag for the new folks. And it would come in here, then it would get that way. So we have a plan. It's just time and money right now. So these strawberries are just a creek on the other side over there. There's another field over there. They had a rice field and they probably plant and sweep the tapes now. They're over there working it with a tractor there yesterday or day before. So anyhow, that's the plan. They're rendered it inside. They're working on the roof now. It's flat right now, but later on they're going to slant it. Then they're going to come out. When they're done, they're going to render the outside. So it looks nice and smooth. And in the future, I'll be worried about a pain or something on it. But we've got other things to do. Steps going up into it and getting the weebugs. The plywood for the door, et cetera. These are the piles of wood. And I've already talked about this. But eventually we're going to dig me a burned pit until I find somewhere, hopefully, that's going to be able to do some type of a basura trash pick up, and it's not done that often. I'm going to get way away from the city. But maybe open the corner when we take down some of these bamboo, some more bamboo stuff, put a wire fence around it to contain the debris from floating the way it out. And that's where we'll burn most of our debris, less the bottles. That's the cans, less plastic. I'll find a place to go with somebody, somewhere here, recycle it. And if I have to haul it in my truck and bags to get it recycled, that's what I'll do. So I'm looking down aboard and calpies right now. So that's kind of what we're looking at. Let me show you this side here. This is the sewage line from the CR that's directly upstairs. This is coming out from the sink. So I'm going to elbow this down and run it out somewhere. I don't want it poured right here at the house, which a lot of folks do that. Even in the house, when I lived on the San Miguel Street, when I first got here, the same thing, even from the bathroom and the shower, just rolled out to the side of the house. I don't particularly want that here. Someone who want to pipe out somewhere and let it run out. Over here under somewhere, it's just a dish water and sink water from here. And we'll go from there. So this is how high the porch is. And here you can see we brought it up above the 50 centimeters. But that's because I just want to maybe a four to six-hand step down from the house, step down onto the porch. Once we get all this filled in, Mr. James is doing a hell of a job. This thing is going to get filled in fairly quick. So wheel bow, by wheel burrow, bucket, by bucket. It's looking good, James. You can get, and then eventually you're going to shove it all this up over here and get rid of all this, and the front over here and in the back. And all this wood stuff is going to be gone. So just give you an update there. And somewhere right here, the bottom of the stairs are going to start here. And work its way up to there. Where it's going to come out up there somewhere. We're going to have an area of the porch over there, over here. So we're not going to be hanging out over here too often, just mainly maybe in the morning. So I'm going to have them one step on the porch, have a cup of coffee, have a table set over here, and have the stairs to go up to one, two. It's just an alternate access to the veranda. We'll probably have to shut off gated for the kids eventually, just to keep them down here. You know, children could be ran boxes, and they'll get up and now. It's not a jump thing up there. Here's another shot. Of course, for your man deity, the box standing, the sewage pipes in the CR. Looks good. Looks good. Just a little bit of a job. I'm glad of that. And once he's done with the front porch in the cardboard area, he's going to come back right there as well. I was talking about another view all the way old. I just confirmed with him he has enough panels to do that, and complete the front. So if not, we run short, we'll make another one to MDD hardware down a soup because we've got them, so they should have some other ones there to it. Okay folks, that's about it. If there's any other information, I'll go ahead and update it. Just a little by little, step by step, day by day. Thank you. 660 subscribers. Get in there, get in there, 340 more to go, 4,000. Alright folks, please like, share, subscribe, and comment. We appreciate it. Thank you much. Ciao, buddy. The lady is not happy. She does not like to wait. We're here at Wilcon. We've got the tiles back, what we thought with the stairs, the extra time to be walled tiles, so we brought them back, 6 boxes. So there's no cash back, basically store credit. So right now we ask them if they had some lumber. We're trying to use lumber instead of tiles now. It's just too hard to find the tiles to fit. Well, it's still an option, but so we're waiting, been waiting about 10 minutes for the check on that. So, and she's just not in the mood. She can see, she is not in the mood. So I don't blame her, but what else can you do? So, we've got to wait and see and see what happens. Alright folks, ciao. See, look at that face. Look at that face. Alright, now leave her alone. So, this is what we're looking at now. Another thick, that's like 40 millimeters. Now two inches looks like. Ah, ball it. And it is 28 centimeters wide. So we're not going to cut it. And it's 90 to 91 inches, excuse me, centimeters long. So we figure we'll probably need about 18. The killer is it's 1248 pesos. It comes up, we get 18, that's a little over 22,000 pesos. And we have the 6,500 credits, so it comes just under 16,000 pesos. Somewhere around $272. But it's nice, it's durable, so I'm going to bite the bullet, throw it on my card, and hopefully be done with a steps issue for now. Alright? More to come, so right now we're just waiting to verify if they have the quantity we need. And then we're going to get it loaded up in the truck and head noise. Okay, so they do have the quantity. 18, they just kind of have 18, so now we're going to make the big pay and they're going to come down and load them up, and we're going to take them to the looper tomorrow. Not today. But yeah, okay. It's like we're going to do this. Okay, thanks for sharing that with all the YouTubers. Okay, here we go. Get the barcodes and own our way, and just went up online and did what I needed to do with my cards to make sure that the travel plan is extended, so we're good to go. Alright, thanks folks. Ouch! Alright. There's a little price disparity. Apparently it was 1293 pesos per plank. We got 18 of them, so it came over 23,000 something pesos, and we took out the 6,100 pesos that we had stored credit, not 6,000, 5. So I paid over 17,000 something pesos, and I don't know, I used 58.5 as the exchange rate. It may be a few centibles up or down, now I don't know, but you can do the math. Over 250, 260, 27, something dollars, somewhere around the US dollars. So we're going to load them up now, and tomorrow we're going to bring them to the site. I'm not going to keep making too many trips, and one day the Eastwoods high, fixed income, inflation. So, just a little load it up here, then lock it up for the night. Okay folks, alright. Oh, what's that? Got a little clues. Alright, so I get them a tip here, these things are pretty heavy. Alright, ciao.