 This is where it all went wrong. Music Good morning guys, welcome back to another video, not our normal type. The video this morning, but the server would make it. Everyone's been asking what's been going on, so we thought we would explain all. As you see, if you saw yesterday's video, with it in Bantion, everything was fine. We're loving life, we're at the beach, we went back from the beach to our BNB. And it all went wrong. And it all started to go wrong. You also see that our posting, if you look back at videos before that, we've fallen really far behind, we're actually now filming this back in Manila. After we've gone to another destination back into Manila, because we just couldn't post for three or four days as some videos, but it's gapped for three days. This is why. So I didn't feel well either. Firstly, we were at the beach having a really nice time, Bantion. I have to say Bantion is lovely. It is. And I didn't feel well, so Matt was, of filming, so if you've watched yesterday's video, you'll see that Matt was sort of walking around and... Fine, like, absolutely fine. Walking up and down the beach, flying the drone, going in the sea, nothing wrong with me. Like, hungry, wanting to have a beer. I didn't have a beer just because... We were trying to be healthy. Trying to be... I think I'm wise, but trying to be healthy. I didn't feel well at all, so I stayed and sat down, and I think I was drinking Sprite. I started to move from a bit sick, so we said we were going to go back to the room, edit the video and post a video, or try and post it. That did happen. That did happen, but this is when it all began to go wrong, so the video was posted. And I, twice in my laparquat off dinner, I had this really bad pain in my sight, but it went off like an hour, so I thought maybe it was just too much, to handle it. But it was quite bad to the point that he had to leave dinner quite... Yeah, twice. I had to go back in. But this time it came, and the pain... It felt like I was dying. Honestly, it sounds like an over exaggeration, but when you're on an island, it doesn't have many medical facilities. Not that many doctors are such. You don't know where to go. And this pain in my sight lasted for 14 hours, making sick. Three or four times, couldn't sleep. And from six o'clock at night, probably not at six o'clock at the next morning, I was in agony. And we spoke to our Airbnb host, and he was like, she said you could see the medical professionals there, but more than likely, they would send you to Subbu. And Ben time had actually had like, sort of a revamp of the medical services, but they wouldn't have been equipped enough to deal. They can sort of only deal with sort of immediate things. Anything else has to go to the next bigger city or to Subbu. In this case, we kind of had to make the decision that we were going to cut Ben time short. And left. And we had to leave. We left there, and then six in the morning. Our Airbnb host literally saved us. They were amazing. They booked a ferry ticket for the, I think it was a 730. Yeah. I couldn't carry my cases. So Molly was carrying my cases. The Brux Act were locked. Two cases, two Brux Act, handbags. I was trying to sort everything out all while I didn't feel well either. But yeah, the Airbnb host saved us so much. You've got the tricycles, you've got our ferry tickets. Help us get onto the ferry. On to the ferry, and then got to drive at the other side to take us back to Subbu City. So we're getting across and still the pain on my side. It had numbed a little bit, but it was still really painful. I couldn't eat felt sick. Obviously, hadn't slept. We got the ferry across, which isn't the best at Bumpy. And then luckily, we got the private driver. Took us back to Subbu City. Checked into our hotel. And luckily, our friend Mo, he saved us. He took us to the hospital. We didn't know what hospital was all about to go to. But that was before, actually, the hotel we stayed at, the quest hotel had their own nurse on site. So actually, before we went to the hospital, we called her first. Just had a conversation because at the time Matt wasn't in so much of pain then. He was just really worried. When he was aching and he didn't know what it was. So the nurse came and she was like, listen up. You need to go to hospital purely because I'm not, I don't know how to deal with what you've got. So we didn't know what hospital to go to. And people recommend you lots of different ones at the airport. But we just wanted to go to the biggest one so that we knew that whatever needed to happen, we think it was a place for them. Because I didn't know. We didn't know what it was. The pain on my side, we had so many ideas going through our heads. And also when you Google anything, it comes up with everything. Google it. I was like, paste, yeah, don't Google things. It's not good for your mind. But yeah, we got down to the hospital. We went to Chong Hui Hospital. Chong Hua. Who are hospital? Good pronunciation. It's like a new one. Really, really big private hospital. We had to really go to the private one as well, being that it was a Sunday. So most doctors, there isn't that many doctors. Unfortunately, we ended up in E.R. in the emergency room. No emergency room. Luckily, it wasn't very busy. I think three or four people were seeing it pretty quickly. Spokes to the doctor. It was running through all sorts of things. It could be this, could be this, could be this. And in the meantime, his mind was going over. Like this. He's got a panic in. He felt really ill. I was panic in because I was seeing it, dealing it with it on our own. And it is hard when you're away. I think in those times you just need someone else that's like, I'm going to add up. Figure it out. I'm going to need that to be the adult. But anyway, spoke to the doctor. Doctor was really good. He obviously knows what he's doing. He's a doctor. But I then had to have blood tests. And the urinalysis. And your analysis. And then had to have an ultrasound the next day. So I had the blood tests and then went back to the hotel. This one becomes a bit funny. Yeah. So for some weird reason, I requested them to be emailed. I thought that like when they send you the results, they might tell you like an idea of what it was so that you sort of were prepared for the next day or maybe we didn't have to have the ultrasound. Because we thought if the blood tests came back conclusive, we know what it is. We don't have to do the ultrasound. Anyway, the results came through. We're actually in the middle of what you feel. He was calm for the first time in up three or four days. And they come through and it was literally just the results. And one of them was said that like there was blood in. High amounts of blood in my urine. And then it also said that my blood red and white blood cells were elevated. Really high. I'm like this straight away. Walking up down a river. What is it? It's his dad's like. I was like, what is it? Someone called a doctor. I might as well go out to a doctor's. Okay, calm down. I was being a baby. Because actually on this occasion when I googled it, it actually came up saying that there was a few things that were mild. They were treatable and I said to him, you know, you don't need to panic. So I was still panicking. But anyway, we went back the next morning. I had my ultrasound. And this is a very different. This is quite funny again. So I was having the ultrasound. And you have to drink lots of water before an ultrasound. When it's in your stomach, they want your bladder full. So I was bursting for the toilet. Anyway, I'm having the ultrasound down. She's pressing on it. The rest of my bladder needs them to eat. And the nurse is like, I'm just going to go and get the doctor. I'm like, oh my god, what have they found? What have they found in my stomach? Oh, honestly. Doctor comes, looks a bit. She goes, boom. I found it. Found what? Found what? Again, I'm panicking. I was like, is it something serious? It was still quite serious. So. I know it's not a baby. I have all of my pictures from my ultrasound. As you can see, somewhere there, right there, is a small little stone in my kidney. Something that is actually, or don't let me just check to make sure, it's half a centimeter big. So I was thinking, nothing serious. But apparently, I wasn't being a baby. Apparently the doctors have said, and we've looked online, it is the same pain the stone moving as childbirth. So I did think I was dying because for 14 hours, it felt like I was giving birth to a baby, which was crazy. So it feels like, the pain in the first two days was obviously the stone coming out or starting to move or something. And then on the last day, when it got really bad, that was literally the pain of the stone coming all the way down into, wherever it is now, it should be. It wasn't my bladder. Yeah, it moved to my bladder, but hopefully it has passed through. I have been prescribed. It was just going to show that I was just going to say, this is what I've had to carry around with me. And it's every single receipt for things that we've paid for and everything that he was prescribed because we didn't want to fly into a new destination with loads of prescribed medication and highly addictive pain killers. Antibiotics, painkillers, lots. I'm not going to do that, but there's like five different tablets. That's actually only half now. I'll finish some of them. We've put it through the insurance, which is good. It wasn't too expensive, again, it was good, but the care, the physical. I was being a bit of a baby, but the pain, literally without the doctors and their help, it can get worse because you can get infections and they can lead to anything. You can get kidney infection, kidney failure. So I'm pleased I just located what it was. I don't know what it is, but we are not now. We're back in the middle. We do head to a new destination, which you'll see tomorrow. We had to leave. And it will also explain why I had to bring all the receipts because I couldn't take all the medication. Couldn't take all the medication. But we're back. I'm feeling better. We're now obviously in the future, back in McCatty, and I've got to be very, very healthy. I can't drink much tandoise. I can't drink much coat. No, you can't drink any tandoise. I'm having some tandoise. We are back in coat. It is low sugar, salt, so I've got to be really, really boring. But it's like a wake up call. I've got to be healthy because it could have led to something much, much worse. I'm also extremely thankful for the doctors, and that everything is okay... Because it could have been a bigger stone that would have needed a red battery. Require surgery, or a dari.. Well, hope! I'm hoping it's already passed, but it's going to pass very very soon. But yeah, we just wanted you to catch up. That is that. We obviously go into a new destination, you'll see that, which is very exciting. But now you know what happens to me. That is that. If you know to the channel, I've vlogs aren't usually this like this. I am not stupid. So I've drunk too much and I've caused a stone. We don't want that to happen again And you don't need to make sure it doesn't happen again So I think if you subscribe drop us a like and keep on dabbling. I won't get another kidney stone