 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Fest and this is the commodity and today we're reacting to DeFilippino's Speak Spanish debonking myths. This video is requested to us by Golden Boy JK. That's his name Golden Boy JK. Got him! Thank you so much for the request we truly appreciate it. I think you commented or somebody commented in one of our previous videos that we need to start doing more Filipino videos. The reason why we haven't is because we don't have enough suggestions. We need your suggestions. So if you live in the Philippines or even if you don't live in the Philippines and you want to see some Filipino reaction content, find a video that you want to check out and join our discord which is linked in the description and throw that video link in our discord. That'll be the easiest way for us to see them and we really want to see them. We would like to start hitting the Philippines more just like we do Malaysia and Australia. We want to be able to re-include the Philippines because for a long time you guys were a big part of our channel. We just ran out of suggestions. So 100% we want more suggestions is pretty much sums up what I'm saying. If you have much lesser words. If you would go ahead and click the like button, it definitely helps get this video out to a wider audience. If you want to follow us on this YouTube journey, we are about to start traveling to different countries starting with Malaysia. We will be on the Borneo side so we will be close to the Philippines and the Philippines is our next destination after we get done with our travels to Malaysia. So stay tuned. Click that subscribe button, click the bell notification icon if you want to. And if you want to help support the channel even more, you can click the join button down below. But truly, honestly, the main things that we want are your like and your subscription. Dang. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Dirty. No. We would appreciate it. We're trying to hit 100,000 before we hop on the plane to go to Malaysia. So each and every one of you guys are helping us get there and we truly appreciate it. Yes. Thank you all for this support that you give us. For the people that have already subscribed and been subscribed, we wouldn't have this opportunity without you. Yeah. Period. Like nobody would give a second thought. Yeah. So thank you. You guys have made this channel what it is so far and I promise you the content is only getting better from here. Thanks. Let's check this out. Let's do it. Oh, that's very Spanish. So she's speaking Castellano Spanish. You can hear it when she talks. It's kind of like, it's very, did she say she was in I live in Mexico. Okay. But everybody thinks we speak Spanish in the Philippines. So I guess she's Filipino, but she lives in Mexico. Right. Okay. But that's very Spanish. Like you don't, most people, if anybody doesn't speak like that in Mexico, that's very Spanish. This is dope intro. So once we start traveling, we'll be able to throw out intros like this. Yep. No, no, no. So that we can have a little bit of a party. I don't know. No, no. You don't want a coffee? No. I just snagged. I thought that was your wallet for a little bit. The Philippines was a former Spanish colony, right? So how come we don't speak Spanish? Or do we? Prior to colonization, the area now known as the Philippines was a group of islands connected by water. And it's so weird. So I have family in Spain. And I've visited Spain quite a bit. I mean, it's been a long time, but I've visited it. And it's funny because she has an American accent in English, but a Spanish accent and Spanish. Yeah. So it's weird because typically if you speak English in 11 Spain, usually it's British. Right. Because that's the closest place you're going to learn how to speak English. So it's really weird because I understand that they were the Filipinos were colonized by both Spain and the US. So it makes kind of sense, but it's very Spanish. Yeah. In advance, socially complex and ethnolinguistically distinct communities ruled by respective tribal leaders, most of the time peacefully coexisted with each other. Very good neighboring nations to the North like China, Japan and Taiwan and to the South like Malaysia and Indonesia was commonplace. When Fernando de Magallanes arrived in 1521, he united all islands into one nation under the Spanish ground in the name of less Filipinas after Philip II of Spain. From then on, the full-pings came under Spain's control and spear of influence. Slowly but surely for the next 333 years. Wow. The archipelago used to be Spain's primary foot hold in Asia. Due to the full-pings' unique geographical location, not only did it become an important base for the Empire's stake in the profitable spice trade, it was also a strategic location for conducting commerce from the Americas to the Far East. What else? Surprise, surprise. Most towns and cities also have Hispanic names. You've got the obvious ones. Towns being named after places within peninsula, Spain and towns named after saints. Anyone here from Nobo Biscayán, Nueva Ishija, Pamphillon and Engros, Córdoba, Chihu? I bet you've at least been one-two-place names, Santa Cruz, San Pablo or San Nicolás. Another thing worth mentioning is that having a Hispanic last name or a Hispanic sounding one name is more important. I can bet you that the top 20 Filipino last names are all Hispanic and origin. And that's what, like, that's crazy too. But it's not at the same time. Castro, Batista, Uy, Uy, I don't know what that is. I can tell you how many cruces, santoches, reices, garcias, mendotchas, Batistas. I know. If you're from the full Philippines, I'd like to ask a comment below on what do you think is the most common surname or intergalom apellido. I've got a Spanish list. To streamline government processes like census and tax collection and to further strengthen their rule, Spanish colonizers enacted a law making it mandatory for everyone to adopt a surname. There was literally a catalog where people can choose Spanish or local surnames from. Most of the... So real quick. A catalog that you choose names from. Yeah. That's funny. Like, even here in the U.S. people would be named based off of their jobs that they did. Because a lot of people... I mean, the last names, cook. Yeah. So probably in your lineage, at one point, they were actually a chef. Ironically, I'm a really good chef. But that's like where that came from. Now, I'm not... Nobody has been told my first name besides maybe one or two people. Right. My last name is Spanish. From... It's based out of Spain. If you can... And there's a city in Spain with my last name. If you can figure it out and put it in the comments below, I'll pin your comment. It's an acceptable challenge. It's a small, small city and I'll give one hint. Should I give a hint? Sure. Bosc region. Okay. Okay. In Spain, not France. Because the Bosc region covers France as well. So if you can figure it out, I'll post it. In the reduced lowland population and some Chinese immigrants as well, shows to change their last names to Hispanic last names, probably believing that this change might benefit them. Food? Oh yes, you've got a frittada calderetta minudo metchado longanista, arachaldo, toxino, tapa, even adolo. The list goes on. There are roughly around 4,000 Spanish loan words in Tagalog, the most spoken dialect in the country. And roughly around 6,000 in Bicaya, another widely spoken dialect. Lots of words are spelled differently or bastardized and lots of phrases are used in a different context. These two dialects in particular, because the regions where it's most widely spoken were centers of Spanish, governance, which are Manila en Cebu. Si bentes 5, atroma. Gracias. Almost everyone in the Philippines knows how to count in Spanish up to 100 and they don't even know it. Asi que, por ejemplo, nosotros también contamos 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, yes. The way we say the time in the Philippines is also the same. Por ejemplo, les doy un ejemplo. Digamos a la una, las dos y a las tres. Eso es un ejemplo de frase en Filipinas. A no hora es nada. A la una y nada más. Days of the week and months are also the same. Nosotros también llegamos en el febrero marzo, pero las letras son diferentes. Por ejemplo, marzo escribimos con ese en vez de seta. Lots of words related to kitchenware or cooking are also similar. Por ejemplo, los cobertos, digamos igual, tenido recuchar a cochillo, mecha, silla. Casi todos los susantivos la verdad. And so are things in relation to law and governance. And then there's chavacano, a Spanish-based Creole language widely spoken in the Zamuanga region. Brief history in the hopes of further uniting the archipelago under Christianity and under their sphere of influence. The Spanish-established Zamuanga as a foretold and a predominantly Muslim South. A means to communicate was needed between the locals and the Spaniards. In many cases, some Spaniards will learn the local language to gain trust and establish a connection with the local population. But in this case, a grammatically simplified form of a language used for communication between two people not sharing common language was established. This is what you call a bibgin, which then eventually turned into chavacano. Spelling of words may differ. It is very similar that a person speaking chavacano can sufficiently and aptly converse to a Spanish-speaking. Let's see here. Sero, sero, let's see here. Guante uno. OK, so this is Spanish. Yeah, all this is Spanish. OK, I was thinking this was the other sero. Uno, dos, tres, cuatro, cinco, seis. C-A-T. OK, so that's actually one thing I wanted to say. So it drives me nuts. Like, people know how to pronounce these things in Spanish, at least here in the States, but they choose not to. Right. Like if they saw Garza, they'll say Garza. It's like you know the Z sounds like an S. Yeah, Garza. Yeah, it's not hard. Or even the German name. So we have a here in Dallas, we have a famous obviously all should know, Dirk Navitsky. And people will sit still sit here and say Dirk Navitsky. And it's like we know he's not American. We know he's German. Try to show some respect. He's not even, I don't even care for him as a player. But Navitsky. Show some respect. I was trying to figure out why you said obviously they should know, but I forgot that they were like a huge basketball country. Yeah. Yeah. So in Dirk Navitsky's huge, I mean, just internationally too. Yeah. King Person. And the Thailand. Filipinos. Ake is the most tragi. Meera. Hola. Y a la. I'll explain what that is. Arica, ake terragir. During Spain's 333-year-long rule, Spanish was, of course, a widely spoken language. It was even officially considered a national language, alongside English and Tagalog, until it officially wasn't in 1987. After 300 years of rule, you think Spanish would be widely spoken across the country today like it is in most Latin American countries, but no. For almost a century now, English has been the country's lingua franca. What happened? First of all, the majority of the indigenous population of the Philippines remained intact. Unlike in Latin America, where the indigenous population was wiped out, not only by the colonizers, but also by important diseases. Furthermore, because of the Philippines' relative distance and isolation from the rest of the Spanish colonies, not a lot of Spanish people emigrated to the archipelago. Next, in terms of literacy and education, during the Spanish colonial period, as it is today, it is a privileged, only reserve for dose in the upper class of the Philippine society, meaning Spanish-born immigrants, also known as Spanish-Sularis, Philippine-born Spanish people, also known as Isolaris, and half-Filippino, half-Spanish people, also known as Miss Isos. Basically, a minority of the population. In the greater part of colonial rule, the majority of the population didn't have access to education. Despite developing a public school system, towards the latter part of colonial rule, the masses still were not able to adequately express themselves in Spanish, and were still more comfortable in their native thought. To add to that, throughout all the years of colonial rule, every day transactions of the masses were conducted in the native language. And that's a huge pipe. Yeah. That's beautiful. That's tea, right? I think so. Big picture. There really was no true social and cultural and linguistic assimilation that happened in the Philippines. Towards the end of the Spanish colonial rule, a strong sense of nationalism also emerged in the Philippines, mainly propagated by the Philippinos Spanish-speaking, mostly European and Chinese class, aka Irochtrados. Philippinos longed to distinguish themselves from their colonizers. So when did the transition to English begin? Well, to begin with Spain, seated the Philippines, Guam, and Puerto Rico, to the United States in 1898 under the Treaty of Paris. This means American dominance in the archipelago henceforth. The Americans also set out to establish a Philippine public school system in a system of governance mirrored after the American systems, all of course, anchored in English. The masses now have access to learn a language more than their native time. The rest is history, as they say. At the early stages of American colonization, Filipinos ate up American hair gamony, and they still do. The American dream is still strong amongst Filipinos. Just look at the Filipino diaspora all across 50 American states. In the Philippines, American pop culture still reigns supreme. Consumer behavior is still mostly dictated by what's trendy in the United States. If you have any other ideas, ask why Filipinos don't speak Spanish. Please share your insights in the comment box below and share your thoughts. It's kind of a pen-an, como me gamuché en español, because, blurr, we spoke Spanish. What would be our life and economy right now? That is true. They would have a completely different economy because a lot of their money has made through telecommunications, call centers, and nursing, but primarily nurses that end up in America. Yeah. And I think even Malaysia has called English the money language. Mm-hmm. And it's crazy how many people, like I talk about the Philippines a lot to a lot of people. Oh, so do I. I have to talk about everywhere. It's mainly, and yeah, I know I talk about everybody that we react to, every country we react to, but like Malaysia and the Southeast Asia in general, it's crazy the lack of knowledge that people have. We had such a huge lack of knowledge at the beginning of this YouTube channel. We barely knew anything about Southeast Asia. We could have... If anything, I couldn't have told you where Malaysia was. Like if I was pointing it out on a map, unless it was labeled Malaysia. But even then, it still be hard to find. We'd be like, where? And it's crazy because these countries are so beautiful and they have so much to offer and nobody recognizes it. But I'll bring up the Philippines as somebody and they'll be like, oh, yeah, I've heard they have pretty beaches. And I was like, yeah, they also save babies because they created the incubator. And like, I just all these random facts. Yeah, like all these random facts and then like the karaoke machine and stuff like that. You know, it's crazy. And you talk about their economies, like people think they know something specific and you're like, no, you're wrong. Sorry, this blah, blah, blah, or whatever. Right. We've had, we've been confirmed by 10,000 people. Yeah. So yeah, it's, that is another reason why we created this channel and have converted it to what it is now is because we want to, I mean, we truly want to learn about these different cultures and not only learn about them ourselves, but share these cultures with the entire world. Because yes, it's awesome that you guys like the American dream and that you guys do speak a lot of English and everything. But it's so unfortunate that you guys know a lot about us. We know. And very little. And not very many people here know about the Philippines and what the Philippines has done for. And what they have to offer. Right. I mean, no, what was it? One in five nurses or something statistically in America or from the Philippines? I did hear that they were, there was some like scandal with Filipino nurses like people were importing them for like cheap work or something like that. Really in nursing. I didn't know that. So it was like recently talked about. And I was just like, that sounds horrible. But hopefully that's all fake and lies, but I'm fortunately not doubt it. So, but guys, if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button. If you want to see our future videos hit the subscribe button in the bell notification and if you want to support us directly, hit that join button and with that being said, my name is Miles. And my name is Fest. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out. I don't know what that was. Peace. Yeah, that was kind of weird.