 But you're Friday. The freshest. The women of the Philippines. They make the best food. They can dance. They can lead. Yes, but above all, above all, they can sing like this. You know what's mad as well? She has a full belly dude. Like she has eaten her heart out prior to singing. And has anyone ever tried her like, you know after you eat, you're like oh, you like this? Stuffed. And breathing is hard work, you know? Not here. This is like, oh full. Yes, my sing. No. You know what's funny though? HANGAN DIITANNA LA. I love that tAN tAN tAN tAN. We just got to... This is your new pungatap koan, you being... Yeah, yeah, I think Dito Nga, what is it? Hangang Sauli? No, that's a very good line. Yeah, hangang Dito Nga, that's it. I can only remember names as Filipino songs by singing them. Shout out Jaro Gibbs, what's going on brother? Okay, my opinion about this particular thing is that in the video, as you see as you may see, there's like people mind in their own business, they're like doing their own thing, she's not even looking at the camera. Whoa, she did TNT. She did TNT? Yeah, she's saying thank you so much everyone. Please support me on my TNT journey. The Wagantahalang. The Wagantahalang. Nangantahalang. Wait a moment, wait a moment, but when does this happen? 5 to 3, what does that mean? April, April, April or March. What? The 5th of March. That was the 5th of March. It could have been May that it was part of the 3rd. Click on her thing. She's on it now. Six days ago, so yeah, I think so. She's on it now, go support. Oh my god, cool. I'm so glad that this is the first video. You know, again, that was so mental. And I'm so glad that this is the first video. Because, by the way, if you like to tag Balion Videos, go to www.sk15 on TikTok and on Instagram. And we don't check them out. But that puts shit into perspective. Because this is the, yes, we're now used to seeing everyone do their own thing and eat. And they sort of, you know, this is a normal day in the Philippines. That's kind of like the meme. Yeah. But what it's hard to make other people understand. And perhaps in the Philippines, it's kind of what I know. But because there's so many different people watching from all over the place. The level that you're being exposed to, some of these viral videos have, that these people go to karaoke nights or in, you know, after food. The level up which they're singing at, it's pro level shit. It's professional. And I know we make that remark often, but I don't think it's taken seriously enough. You know, but because, because talking to the point where, where you could hire any of these people that have normal day jobs, that have a life about, you know, that doesn't revolve about music or entertainment. And then you could hire them. And they would have an amazing repertoire here. Like, that's mad. You know the amount of like audition and then you would have to get through just to find somebody. For how to do something? No, no, no, here. To do anything. To do anything. It's tough. It's tough. It's crazy. Anyways. Crazy. I'm actually one of crime fantasy. I'm made out of laughing to lose everybody. I was on a business trip. But I stood on a Saturday. But I, Iären, was down and all over, I My god when you need extra anchoring hold onto the roof Look one leg become the note They visualizing go so far like it becomes Wonder woman of singing my god by getting it's like that's like fucking pro sound it is tough You know what I mean? Oh That was actually so insane and so many levels from the beginning so grounded so full-sup so much body She didn't lose that body as the song progressed those are the kid like what the what on the earth? I know what a moment right? That's so crazy Okay, that's for like a normal mom Yeah, it's like a normal person who has like prepared lunch right kids is on and then now it's just come up Go going through their whole daily motions nothing to do with singing This is hangang oh This is gladiastekusmanto Oh I just I just knew you'd like this Because people also tacked me on this one Okay I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Well actually what makes that song interesting What makes that song interesting is the phrasing of of each singing phrase is actually if you have a look at the lyrics and you And you see the journey she undertakes Jaya undertakes in the deliver of the song it is like a very I mean Jaya has delicacy in a manner that is so unique to her because just because of her voice Clarisse liggus man would be another one that kind of quote you know Fouls into that idea because you know the natural I guess autos and they also have that sort of I don't know Yeah, like but incalarice is actually a choice because we have seen her we have seen her do so many other like clear cut stuff In this particular I just have to be honest. I love the pooled back That's what I mean like she's really like right at the end of the bar Yes, like as far back as she can possibly be without being out of tempo and that is the bluesiest choice that you could possibly go with and it really does fit the whole vibe of the song I love it and it's also quite meary. It's only three days ago. This is quite fun because it's all like racing stuff. It is. It's pretty new I've seen this Oh Ah what the fuck Oh You explain that why how because yes It's not just going everywhere you're all I can imagine someone has the diaries the series you can see actually moving their atoms Watermelon And there's explaining sure okay, it's very cool though because in this particular take and like the lighting and everything it really you can really see this is like Perfectly you can really see a lot of this modulation happening and I love the anchoring that she's using It with her arms so if you pay attention to the movement of the larynx look how to begin with look how incredibly lifted that is and how open Her back and the back of her mouth is so there's a lot of soft palate lifted and then you can see that there's no twang because there's no high cheekbone Lifting either it's actually quite wide it creates a big jaw modulation so that opens up It's yeah, it sends the notes right back to the back of your head. So it opens up that big resonant feel Obviously she's using a lot of physical anchoring here this type of anchoring really Strength things the lower part of your arm so it makes you Engage your latissima store size and even though she's leaning towards one side There's actually a lot of back anchoring and how how straight her back and her her flow is And I would go to the start to to even say that because she's she's sitting down with her hips on an open setting The actual control the diaphragm is too hard vantage Because in this particular piece there's several techniques that you can approach to have Accurate note movement and larynx lifting But in in this particular way of singing there's a lot of diaphragm modulation because of the airflow is like a hammering action So you need to have a really relaxed abdominal wall to help the the larynx move up and down without a Construction Around the neck someone saying that it's lip sync. What do you think? I don't think it is pretty again. I don't think it is because of the flow in the top notes in the second time round And her her physical demeanor to worsen because a lot of the times he is not lip sync. I don't think so well We can see it again though. No problem So you can see there's a lot there's a lot of diaphragm modulation So there's a lot of like that abdominal wall moving up and down to create that bounce in the airflow that But if you were really tense your larynx wouldn't be able to create that movement up and down movement That's right the hammering action. Yeah Yeah, that's a natural that's a natural role moment Oh Brilliant vibratus as well Gosh, but there's some people that found it Let's get debunked Comment got debunked bro There's there's a John Rick valet 47 What's up? I don't want any beef with the hill. I think I feel like you're out getting me beef out there Next Oh This is a Christian song This is worship Go with the hand Like Shake bread like one Like breath like The You know what's crazy. She's she's going about her life about her day. It's a funny looking thing in the head Yeah, and then you're like, ah, you know what? I remember this song what happens if I sing it And then she's saying like this she looks famous. I think she's pretty popular. Yeah. Yeah, she sings She's the one with her little brother This is the her little she teaches her little brother. You remember the one with the dogs on the window That's her that's her. She's the one with the dog. Well, I recognize the kid Yeah Oh Come on Get out of here. This is for you. Is it kind of kind of makes me question my whole existence? I love it What you want to do the same They got back to the floor in the floor Okay, yeah, what the hell beat the version of that song She's crying This is the case in virtual Oh The You have Husky see watch this she needs to And you You Oh ва пи Assist Give your genau They have a nice rhythm bnd the little bass i hear that you know that Oh my god! Woo! There's a guitar! Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god! I'm sure you'll let me work with you as bringing me on the door. Angani! I'm going to see you with the door. Go! Here they go! What the stomach is this thing, dude? Is that the other side? See, I'm going to tell you. I'll leave it every piece of you. Woo! That's the feeling, baby! Woo! You get it! Let's say fire started my heart. Return the feet when you change the heart. That is beyond good. That is, get her on a stadium type of good. Like, that is a knees bowl, dude. What the hell? Hold it. And by the way, where you get that version from? There was an instrumental, right? Well, I suppose Kizee made it so popular in the Philippines that now people... ...made instrumental karaoke versions of that performance. That's crazy! What a fuck! What?! That is so mad! That is so mad! Awesome! Awesome! She has like a daughter right? Or a son or something? I think her son publishes her. Yeah. Yeah. That's not, dude. That's like, and that's the thing. She's just like... She's just having a good time. They're all having a good time on a Friday night. Who knows? What the hell did you know? You know, these levels, though. They're saying, what? They are saying, five. You're broke. Yes. It's such high-level stuff. Do take a lesson, man. I forget how to talk. Oh, by the way, Kizee is coming to London. Woo. Woo. My fucking, woo. Oh, my god. Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah, yeah! Woo! Oh, yeah! It's a layer. No. No, no, no. This is a normal girl. Working in the same space. Is it a husband or brother? No, no, no, no. That's where you got it wrong. This is no normal specimen. This is a Filipino woman. This is a Filipino house. Yeah. Yeah. Go on. He's... Wow, who's got big ears? What the fuck? Okay, so I think he's like a... Oh, and he's famous. Yeah, I think he's like a music reviewer or something like that. He's really famous for like his music knowledge. So, uh... I think so. I think so. I think so. I think so. I think so. I think so. Okay, dog. Based on what you guys told me. So, yeah, apparently she's just chilling in the background. She's just casually singing like a Disney princess while looking at her computer. Talent. That fucking comment has 2000 likes, dude. Because I think she's working. Or like studying or something. Of course. Gushley breaking the harmonies. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She didn't even change her posture. She didn't even change her posture. Oh this makes no freaking sense. Get out of here. Is that from Hercules? No, no, it's from Hercules, isn't it? That is from Hercules. That's like before he lifts the rope. Are you crying? No, no, I wasn't. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. We can't say that word and they're getting, they're getting, they're getting. Punches beat off. Uh, Efra, what? Explain that. That's Lassa. No, no, no. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Efra, what? Explain that. That's Lassa Longas, by the way. Yeah, I know. Moulin. From Hercules. Moulin. No, no, no, no. Listen, that is awesome. It deserves all the 10 million views that he has. You don't think, though. That's freaking insane. And he, though, I just don't think. You think that's real? I'm not longing to believe in this fucking act. Right. Because I saw someone saw, I saw, so I follow this YouTuber. Oh, well. Well, I didn't follow him. He just all came up with my thing. Mm-hmm. But I like him. Okay. And he was like, be bunking all this stupid shit. Oh, okay. So he's like, I think this is pretty... I don't know how he gets the footage, but he gets the footage. Like, how the behind the scenes were made. Some of these stuff, like, it's gone so well. Okay. But I don't know. I mean, he sings and stuff. He seems pretty like, like, you know? But, dude, if that's genuine and that shit's real, and that's what that house sounds like. Now, this video has a live video in here. Dude. Okay. I don't know. Go friend, friend. Sister. Outside, outside person. Yeah. And she works in your house and she sort of sings as you play that. You know? He plays. Oh, he has a podcast as well. Sweet and savory podcast. Nice. I believe in music. So do I, mate. Wow. I wanna believe you, dog. But that shit sounds unreal. How did he catch the audio? Why does this sound so beautiful? And it looked like she was doing, like, she had an Excel document open. Yeah. I just thought of proper working working, you know? Yeah. Learning bread and whatever. Try not trying to figure out the economics. I am. She's doing economics. Wow. As she's singing this name. She's singing Hercules. Look, guys. Women. That is XCBA of this. I don't know what to believe. I know, long and old. Look, my... This sort of video is making me question everything. The previous one. The Philippines makes me question everything. The previous videos. They're sort of just ruining my dating life, which is what is. You can... Take it as you may. I take it as you may. Fun for me. Whatever. Come here, Nick, for you. You found that video really funny. But now... You were very funny. Now it's sort of destroyed. I don't know. I've realized. The perception of reality overall. And where does that bring you? Right back to Manila. Go on. Bye.