 Hi guys and welcome back to Dabble the Reaction. If you don't know who we are my name is Molly this is Matt. This is Ola. This is Ola. Flora is in her bed behind them to have been fighting so we've just said. Yeah one is literally in the dog house. She really is. She's in trouble. And we are full time travel vloggers. And at the moment we are full time quarantine. It's our new label we've called it out so she's making a noise in the back. Oh was it? You're making a noise. I think she's camera shy. So we are doing all of your recommendations. So if you want to give us any requests or any videos you want us to look at then do message us on our Instagram. Give me a hand. Add down in the travel or comment below. That is what we need you to do because we really enjoy reacting to your recommendations. Hopefully you enjoy watching our reactions. And of course that we said before there's going to be so much more hence the name Dabble the Reaction. We should just get straight into it as well. We're going to take these subtitles off because we've got there we go. Okay so it is again one of your recommendations which we always do. And that is what Filipinos think of tourists. God knows what this is. That's interesting. Are we tour? Are we well sort of? You always tour. I don't know. When you've been there for so long. I'd like to class us as not tourists because tourists just go to the touristy islands do the touristy things. Yeah and don't try to immerse yourself into the culture as such. Don't go to specific areas like some places that we've been there's no way that tourists would go to even though I'd like tourists to go actually I wouldn't I wouldn't want to risk. Because I like the fact that sometimes with the only. Yeah. People be Western people there. Really no one to call us but whatever we are we are going to look at what Filipinos think of tourists. The Philippines is one of the most popular tourist destinations in Asia and sometimes I might not be such a good thing for other locals. Recently the Filipino government shut down Boracan islands. We went and just offered reopen. It's much better. You do environment. We don't know is that the full train. It's the very common recently sentenced to 330 years in jail for having sex with seven year old Filipina girls. That's disgusting. Sorry Asian was reported Jerry. Get the streets off my mill to find out how local street is. Oh that's too sweet. Isn't it? Where's my seat? I have to say. It's too much. What's the response? If you're going to be in this situation you're going to be in a lot of trouble or you're going to be in trouble. Government. Yeah. Government. Because you can't do that. It's very responsible if not the government. Okay. That's why it makes sense if it's pleased to properly. Yeah. Tourists, if they are rules to pick up your trash. Yeah. Why would they throw out on the floor and just leave it? It is now so clean. So you're going to consider it in environmental and deep because Filipina is in general? I'm sure it's in the hot spice difference. Many of them even fallen sick in the island. It's not like you're in a lot of environment because I don't think we have the problem of being fallen. Yeah. You really have to take people to the lot you know. No exactly. Consider it because if we compare our current state with their country, it's more like the country that is going to be in the South. No, no, no, no. Not killing. It's more rules. Of course not. Because I'm not government people. They're not doing it. But the tourists are more likely to be there. So how about you to come to the town? We don't have to go to the land. We're going to pick up the land. Why do you suddenly have an ordinance in the North of Burakay without any backup land? How about the people working there? That's the problem. There were so many people working. And it was about six months closer. It's about a woman who makes 1,000 pesos a day just by braiding the hairs of her braiders. So if you're going to come to me, you're the only one who's terrible for them. A lot of them would have come back to you. That's what wasn't thought about. It was closed and there wasn't something brought in for the workers. What do you think about the tourists? We like that. I'm in spite of the many tourist attractions from my house. Actually, it's for the visitors here. Because they're all going to their own business. How about the local tourists? They're okay. They're all going to their tourist spots. I think it's general. It's just about the tourists. I'm in a good mood. But in general, we don't have a good cat. So, it depends on the tourists. Some tourists ruin it for all tourists. That's the problem. For example, when you're in a business, you're going to have to pay for the tourists. And you're going to have to pay for the tourists. You're going to have to pay for the tourists. This is something that needs to be stopped and addressed. It's more like you're going to have to pay for the advantage. There are certain areas and certain parts. So, what the tourists have gone there for? I wouldn't necessarily call them tourists. No, it's not. But because the society itself is a good choice. So, you're going to have to pay for the tourists. The ground shop for sex tourism. Do you have to pay for the boat or do you have to pay for the boat? It is true. I think that's why I'm talking about TV and documentaries. It is happening. The side that you don't have to pay for the tourists. The concept doesn't happen. No, and there are many places. There are foreigners with younger females. We don't have a judge, but it's a basic exploitation. I ran away from the walls when their body got burnt. One emperor was the species and then it went on to touch the market. Casey Thompson's business nowю brought the country through the kerfant. If your kids lied and your kids said online- Tell them to internet a little bit and then later they'll only talk about it- But as a surprise lot. There was some drug Ishra but This road never ends until you let it get out- So your reaction? They are very strong because they have the same mindset but they are very strong. No, they are not. You always get some idiots that ruin it and exploit it for others but most people come to the country because it's beautiful and they are not. I was just going to say the younger tourists like us that go to the Philippines, you're there because you see online. These places that you can't find, they're in the world. You get some idiots that are going to the country and exploit it. People should be allowed in the country and if people find out what they're doing, lock them up in prison, don't amount again. I was going to go on a happier note before he went. I was going to say the Philippines is known to have in the happiest people. Exactly, so don't exploit it. You can see that when you're going to go back, you're going to have a lot of money. You can see that the Philippines is a serious type of person who's going to be able to relate to you. You can see that we're going to see the Philippines somehow. We tend to pull ourselves down. So, you're going to be really happy about this situation. And you're going to be happy. For me, because we know that poverty is a really big issue here in the Philippines. In the Philippines, there's a job opportunity. There's no choice but to work. They settle for less. So, what do you think about the country? It's different. Even though I'm doing it, I'm just going to be happy. I need to do everything. It's not a good start. It's not a good start. All the people's fault. People are exploiting it. Exactly. Everyone is lucky enough. We're going to say that it's very talented. It's a good thing that you're doing this year. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a stable income. It's a good thing. It's true. Who are you? It's the Philippines. Thank you for visiting the Philippines. I hope you enjoy. We have a beautiful beach here. Palawan. Meracay. Chagas. Listen to that. It's important to be responsible with all your trash. And you know, being hospitable to the local as well. We want to thank you all for your dedication. It's so great. It's so great. It's so great. We're so important to you. We're here in the country. I just want to thank my friends for the philosophy we have. It's related because of the environment. Not to make use and abuse, but to serve and to serve. If you are in the same place, if you are the one who is the one who is the one who is the culture, then you can serve. It's really good. We hope you found this video informative. What is your perception of foreign tourists in your country? Let us answer her question. What do you think of tourists in our country? I don't think so. I don't think we're in a part where we don't really see tourists. Most tourists in England as a whole, or the UK as a whole, most of the majority will go to central London. But if they're respecting the rules following what the locals do, there's no problem. It helps both. People have a good time visiting what they want to see. Tourism booms which hence more people make more money. But also London is extremely diverse. It's not like we'd be able to pick out who's a tourist. No. In the Philippines, you can go to some beaches and you can tell who's a tourist. You don't in London. You wouldn't pick a tourist but like his tourist, he's not a tourist. You wouldn't know. But yeah, Philippines, you go there because the people are amazing. The scenery is amazing. Remember, it's not just beaches. We've got a few places that aren't touristy that we know are going to boom, but we're going to keep it to ourselves for a little bit longer. So we can have them beaches to ourselves, the mountains to ourselves. Exactly. I just think that in general whenever you are going to another country, you'll have to be respectful of the people, the locals. Because at the end of the day, you're in their country. Exactly. You should respect them. And they're welcoming you to their country. Exactly. So I respect them. Thank you for the recommendation. It was interesting. I don't know what we could label. I don't know what I could label us as. I'm going to say we're not tourists. We've lived in the Philippines for over six months. So I don't know. But tourists is a vague word. So I think we probably would be branded under that at the minute. A high tourist, doesn't it? A tourist that spends all time. Half tourist, half promoter of the Philippines. Exactly. Yeah, we'll say that. But thank you for recommending it. And if you are new around here, make sure you hit that subscribe, drop a like. And keep on dabbling.