 What's up guys, my name is Miles. My name is Fez and this is the commodity and today today we're reacting to the Philippines innovation. This video was not suggested by anybody at all. This was actually a video that popped up in our for you page or suggested page on our personal YouTube channel. Whenever you scroll through videos on your home page on YouTube, this was a suggested video by YouTube. Shout out YouTube because we'll throw YouTube up. I'm super excited to check this out. We obviously know that the Philippines is super innovative. You guys have invented a lot of dope stuff, the things that the entire world uses and doesn't even recognize or know that it's from the Philippines, the karaoke machine. Guys, come on, tomatoes. No, ketchup. It's it's it's banana ketchup. They're they have a lack of. They invented bananas. Good job guys. The you guys did did the banana ketchup. I believe bananas and tomatoes. You and so good job. They also came out with the incubator which saves countless babies. Would you say the karaoke machine? Yeah, that saves that makes very many babies. Yeah. Because when you get up there and you're swooning the lady, hey, what's up? Yeah, yeah, just swooning them. But yeah, the incubator saves thousands of milk probably millions, I guess. Well, I just think you better isn't necessarily just a safe children. But I mean, yeah, yeah, they're poor. Yeah, but like when you have a baby, you've had a kid, they throw him in the incubator instantly to keep the mold. My child isn't an incubator. She was? No. They put him in the incubator. Right when you have them, they're warmed things. Why don't I think of an incubator? I think of the enclosed. Yeah, but they also used open ones that are warm. Okay. Where they weigh them and all that kind of stuff. Yeah. It's all, that's an incubator as well. Well, thank you for the incubator. Thank you for the karaoke machine that creates the need for incubators. And thanks for all the chickens that you've saved to incubators. And thanks for being the Philippines. Yeah, thanks for being just awesome people. Coming out with chicken joy, which I want to have soon. I'm almost to my goal weight, so I'm going to hit up chicken joy, I think, for one of my chickens. Well, we're going to go together then. But I also want to go on person 100% when we come to the Philippines. Guys, before we hop into this video, if you would go ahead and give us a thumbs up, it truly helps us out in getting these videos to more people. True. 100%. Also, if you would go ahead and click the subscribe button in the bell notification icon for those of you that do not know, we're traveling to the Borneo Island within the next two months. So we want as many people as we can to travel along with us via phone tablet, TV screen, and watch us. How are you? It will be my first time on an airplane and it's a 32 hour flight. So I'm sure you guys will enjoy seeing that. But we're trying to hit 100,000 subscribers before we get on that flight. So please, like I said, hit that like button if you are the subscribe button if you will and the bell notification icon that way you guys can watch our future videos. If you'd like to help support the channel, leave a more and get an exclusive YouTube short shout out on our next video. Click the join button down below. Let's check this out. Let's do it. As Southeast Asia advances further as a competitive region, thousands of startups have sprung up in the last few years. The region is experiencing a massive innovation. The chart does absolutely not like it's funny because there's no reference to like what these stand for. And it's just they've sprung up. They have them color coordinated to the countries and stuff. Yeah, but it has no relevance to what he's saying at all. I think it's hilarious. I'm up in the last few years. The region is experiencing a massive innovation boom from super apps, block chain enabled games and revolutionary financial services. In the midst of all these, where does the Philippines stand in the age of digital startups? Well, currently what we first must know is that the country has indeed experienced massive growth in its startup ecosystem in 2021. According to Core C, in just the first 10 months of 2021, Philippines startups have raised well over 858 million dollars during an antithetical trip from 2020. This comes from as the Philippines ended 2021 as the fastest growing internet economy. To be fair, it makes more sense to do it during a... Right, but to be able to maintain and continue to grow. A lot of companies obviously died. Right, but I feel like they're talking about tech type stuff like apps and stuff that are going to boom during... Yeah, and he did just say it's fastest growing internet economy of Southeast Asia. Yeah, so that makes sense to me. Yeah, and you guys are on your phones a lot, so. Exactly, very useful. So it's even more. Yeah, so. Anami in all of Southeast Asia posting a gain of well over 93% from 2020. Wow. As tech startups leading the way into the year, they have taken the opportunity and pursued a brighter future for the country. These have led to digital businesses landing on Forbes Asia's 100 to Watch List. These are famously known as Chat Genie, a multi-channel commerce platform. Cloud Eats, an advanced Ghost Kitchen Food Delivery service platform. Keleber, a platform for job seekers or companies looking for talent. And Paymango, the FinTech startup used by thousands of businesses and partners with global payment services. There are now a wide array of businesses in the country, with firms reporting over 400 organizations operating, receiving million dollar funding. What's driving this growth for hunger in the tech industry is what was brought in during both the lockdown and the rise of entrepreneurial ship in the country. The COVID-19 pandemic has brought in a sore in massive necessity and interest for the digital world. The Internet economy, which had doubled from 2020 to 2021, is even still expected to grow 9fold by 2030 at an estimated value of over 150 billion dollars. A report done by Google stated that digital merchants or small and medium enterprise sellers have become one of the most tech savvy people in the country, using a wide array of digital services, from payments, insurances, marketing, and so much more. This drove tech startups like the ones mentioned above into creating services and products that would then cater to both these digital merchants and consumers. Furthermore, previous initiatives brought by the government have also pushed this agenda of going digital forward. These are the likes of the 2019 Philippines Innovation Act, which aims to fast track development in startups by providing them funding. The unicorns or billion dollar startups, however, are the most exciting ones to know about. Some of these unicorn startups that we will mention may not even be businesses you have not heard of so far. The first is called revolutionary pre-crafted and it was the country's first ever unicorn startup. It is a developer of prefabricated luxury homes, which was valued at around $1 billion back in 2017. So, okay, a unicorn startup is a company that starts up with a billion dollars. Is that what he said? Yeah, that's what I understand. So, this is the first company that started up with a billion dollar backing. It was a valuation. It might not be backed by a billion, but whenever they went and got... I want Shark Tank, I know. Yeah, okay, okay. It was also one of the fastest growing businesses ever to reach unicorn status. It only took them two years of operation to do so. However, the country's first unicorn may not at all look that grand. There have rather been several allegations, lawsuits, customers requesting refunds and even suppliers claiming that they were lured in to make suspicious contracts. That's because of several suspicious dealing about its CEO and the company's actual operations. The other unicorn startup is called Mint, yet it might also be a company that is least heard of. But it is actual. It's global? So, there's a Mint, M-I-N-T, mobile. In the United States, world. That's a financial... Yeah. Yeah, so you get a debit card and stuff through them if you want. I think it's for investing. Investing, yeah. It's kind of like Robin Hood. Yeah. The behind the leading digital solutions application in the country called G-Cash and based on its latest funding of more than $320 million, it is a company worth over $2 billion. It is the company opening the gaps left behind by the traditional form of financial services. With the emergence of this Fintech business, it has brought in more than 48 million users, or nearly half of the country's population into the financial world. The next and last unicorn startup, which has brought the country's BPO industry a notch higher is task us. A BPO service corporation that is valued at more than $4.5 billion and is currently listed in the New York Stock Exchange. Wow. The company first started in 2008 in one of the country's leading central business districts, Macati. It then grew to over 28,000 staff in over eight countries, making it one of the biggest BPO businesses in the entire world. These innovative players, especially Mint and Task Us, were just recent unicorn players in the past few years. These are signs that the country is rather changing and into a more innovative and digital hub. It's awesome. It's sort of bringing up left and right, trying to take that million dollar funding and trying to change the country. This just showcases how valuable and strong the country's innovation and entrepreneurial ship have become over the recent years. Anyway, what do you think about the Philippines startup industry? Share with us your thoughts. We'll have to check this one out next. Why the Philippines is a business house-wrestling giant? That was a good video. It is awesome to see that you guys have grown during 2021 because a lot of people haven't. Yeah, I mean, we see it here, so. Yeah. I mean, it's hard for us to get employees. It's hard to get employees. But what's crazy about the... So we have a huge unemployment issue. It's not because there's no jobs. As people are just getting picky about what they're going to do. Yeah, no, there's no... We had a huge group of people that have quit. But not because of COVID or anything like that. I think they realized they deserved more. Well, it's became... Yeah, no, that's the thing. Like, employees are not scared of their bosses in a sense anymore. Which is good. The employees are now driving the market. Yeah. But I don't know... Which is how it should be. I don't know if it's a video that you and I saw together. If it's a video that I watched a while back on my own. But research through... What's the app? LinkedIn. Research through LinkedIn's CEO says that the most widely searched type of job in the United States right now for this past year. 2021 has been work from home. Yeah, work from home jobs is what people are looking for. They don't want to work in the public anymore. And it's not even because they're scared of COVID. It's because... There's so much time. Wasted so many people became unemployed. And then, like, being at home. And realized, well, maybe they can just make money being at home. And there's actually like, there's been like the big tech companies like Facebook. Yeah, they're like, okay. Because the idea is, oh, you're going to work from home. So you're going to be lazy. You're not going to be actually at your desk. You're going to be playing with the kids and all that kind of stuff. But like, companies like Facebook, Google, and all those giant tech companies have discovered. And have done tests way before. Even with Amazon. I had an issue with the package the other day. I called Amazon's customer service because it did. They pick up from home. Yeah. Yeah. And I was talking to the lady and I was hoping she was from the Philippines because you'll have such a huge call center industry. So I asked her, I was like... Because we were actually getting along, like, talking on the phone. I'm usually angry when I talk to customer service. Yeah. And I was at first, but she definitely calmed me down. And so I asked her where she was from. She said that she was from... Not the Philippines, the Caribbean. Okay. And so we started talking and she said that she's been working from home for over a year now. And she thinks that they're going to allow them to continue to work from home. She said that it saves so much time, it saves so much money, gas, food expenses, and things like that. She said that it's changed her quality of life. Yeah, of course. I mean, she said I can land bed and answer the phone if I want to. And so that's... I think it's great for a lot of companies. Yeah. But there's a lot of companies struggling to find employees to work in person now as well. Yeah, we went on a huge tangent on that one. Yeah. But it's cool. It's a cool thought because, yeah, like we said, some companies are failing. But these tech companies that are being started up by average Joe's. And average care lines or whatever you want to call. What do they call them? Josephine? No. In Australia. Oh, oh. She lives. She lives. She lives. But anyways, guys, if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button. Help us out to get in front of a lot of people. You want to see our future travels. We're trying to hit 100,000 before we hit Malaysia. And the Philippines, I promise you, is right behind it. Hit the subscribe button and the bell notification. And if you want to support us directly, hit that join button with that being said. My name is Miles. And my name is Beth. Thanks for watching, guys. Peace. Thanks for watching.