 Christmas in the Philippines! Junior, you got a Philippines Christmas song. We should. I wait, I have it. Merry Munchkin to you! I don't reference to an S319 song that we're recording, I just made that up myself. Oh. It was a video that we reacted to that song. You can give me love in the Philippines. Wow, did you just make that up? Yup. Philippines, Christmas. It started a while ago and you know what? It's still chugging along. It's almost December, so let's start doing Christmas stuff. Yeah. Yeah, November. It's near in the time we can start some Christmas stuff. Yeah, end of November. Black Friday, a lot of people start shopping for Christmas this week in the United States. So what do the Filipinos do? Let's find out. Let's find out with 10 Christmas traditions of Philippines. If you enjoy subscribe, like the video. We got a jollyby taste test part two coming here very soon. There's a lot of different stuff. There is. So watch out for that, subscribe so you know when it comes out and we do travel vlogs and learn about stuff all around the world. So if you want to learn about the world with us and see it through our vlogs, ooh hoo hoo. Subscribe. All right, let's do this. Christmas. Yeah, take a look. Hey, fams, my name's Jair Klaago and today I'll share to you 10 unique Christmas traditions we do in the Philippines. All right. Burmoths. Burmoths. Burmoths. The Philippines celebrates the longest Christmas in the entire world. We start preparing and celebrating Christmas once the Burmoths set in. Burmoths starts from September, October. That's a lot of Christmas. And then December. I feel like for us it'd be weird because we associate Christmas with freezing. Yeah, freezing. So like when there's not snow here, it doesn't feel like Christmas. No, not at all. So go into the Philippines. Suddenly, there'll be Christmas lights. And I'm like, where is the snow? Cause I mean, it's November 22nd right now. There's some people with Christmas lights. Some, but there isn't snow. No snow yet. 10 more days. TV stations and families will start a countdown to Christmas. Really? Now for days. Christmas sound like. All I want for Christmas is you and all holy night by Mariah Carey, as well as different Filipino Christmas carols in shopping malls and on the radio. Music Also, Filipino school begin decorating their houses, establishments and... That's a success of... It's like a Christmas tree. It's like a Christmas tree. Yeah. And paroles. Paroles. Parole, or also known as a Philippine lantern, is a unique Filipino decoration. Traditionally made from colorful papers, bamboo sticks, and shaped like a five-pointed star. Putting up paroles in homes, schools, and buildings, and streets, is a common Filipino tradition, as this signifies the spirit of Christmas. In 1928, these lanterns were originally designed to help villagers find their way to chapels and churches for the Simbangabe. Interesting. Simbangabe. Simbangabe, or Misadi Gayo, is considered one of the oldest Christmas traditions in the country. This is a nine-day series of early morning masses to honor the Blessed Virgin Mary, starting from December 16th to Christmas Eve. People wake up at dawn, and attend Mass at their local churches, as early as four o'clock in the morning. It is a common belief among Filipinos that their Christmas wish will come true once you complete it the nine-day service. Carole. Carole. Follow the run-on. I love the full of pinnows are annoying. Oh, carry on. The ability to sing really well. So... Oh, that's what we're also known for. Christmas time is a wonderful time of year. Are we Filipino? I think we are. We ate Filipino food. They show food, they're good. They've been talents during Burmont. A group of people, usually kids, would fill the streets visiting houses with their instruments like tambourines and can made drums singing holiday songs in exchange for money or sometimes food or gifts. Sound my ball high, I'm coming by me. Merry Christmas! We've been through a merry Christmas. We wish you a lot of merry Christmas. We've been through a merry Christmas. Can I have a happy New Year? Monito Monita. Monito Monita. Said to be hospitable and friendly, Filipinos love giving as much as they love receiving gifts. A form of exchange gifts called Monito Monita is a very popular Christmas tradition in the Philippines. For a week or so, participants receive and give gifts anonymously among colleagues, friends, or families. This is usually done during Christmas parties. I love my friends! I love my friends! I love my friends! That's a really good Christmas party. Let's go! It's come from the Philippines to have a Christmas party organized for any and every group you belong to. Really? There's the Christmas party at school, at the office, the one with your closest friends, your cousins, the list goes on. These Christmas parties and fun clocks are a program of games, exchange gifts, giving, and talent presentations. Oh, talent show time! Filipino Christmas food. We have tons of talent. Filipino families know that the best way to celebrate Christmas festivities is to enjoy extraordinary Christmas foods together. Some of the best and popular Filipino Christmas foods are the sweet Filipino delicacies bibinka and putabong bong that are sold outside the churches every Simbang Gabé. During Noche Buena, a whole roasted skewed big called Lechon, a green sauce with Christmas oil, and a Christmas ham are all present on the table. That's like here. Notche Buena. Good. After the last Simbang Gabé or the Christmas Eve Mass, Noche Buena follows. The Noche Buena is a big open house celebration with family, friends, and neighbors dropping into wish everyone a merry Christmas. Most households would have several Filipino Christmas foods laid out and ready to be feasted on. To celebrate Santa's murder that day. He did. Can I have his hands? He wants the Lechon. M-M-F-F celebration. The M-M-F celebration. My mother FF friends. The Mechromani L'Examen Festival begins on Christmas Day and runs through the first weekend of January each year. The festival starts with an opening parade going across the center of Manela, which features floats and actors from the selected films. For Filipinos to truly enjoy this amazing and unique festival, all the cinemas in Mechromani L'Examen are expected to play only these local films during the festival. And foreign films are put and hold. Aguinaldo on Christmas Day. Aguinaldo is a common tradition for every Filipinos to visit their relatives and Godparents during Christmas Day. During the visit, kids would practice the old age tradition mano as an act of respect to elders. For most part, they are rewarded and presented with gifts like toys or money by their relatives or Godparents. This is when they receive their Pamasco or Aguinaldo. That's how we celebrate Christmas here in the Philippines. I hope that you liked this video and Merry Christmas to everyone. Merry Christmas or Thanksgiving. Merry Christmas to you in your country and subscribe to my channel. Alright, we learned a little bit about Christmas. There's definitely a lot more traditions that you guys have. Over here, it's like, I'd say the main tradition for people that celebrate Christmas are like, go to your grandma's house or something. People go to church in the morning. That's pretty much the thing here. Sometimes you go to one grandma's house and Christmas Eve. And one grandma's house and Christmas Day. Yeah, and we have something sort of similar to the one that you like secretly give gifts to other people. We have like, some like workplaces will sometimes do secrets and up. But usually it's like very, very few people do it. Yeah, it's not like, push to the end at all. That's literally all we have. And it seems like this video is just 10 of all. They go all out. It's Christmas. Christmas in the Philippines. We need to come sometime doing Christmas, that would be cool. That would be cool. I don't know what time of year we're going to end up there because we don't know when it's ever going to open. But it's so sad because it's just like, oh, I want to try these things. Oh, we can't. Oh, we literally can't. And COVID's getting worse, so it'll take even longer. Yeah. Fresh. Fresh. Fresh. Fresh. We can't go anywhere. We're just going to be stuck in Georgia. Georgia. Georgia. And from Georgia. Well, hopefully you guys enjoyed. We learned a lot about Filipino Christmas. Maybe someday we'll be able to experience some of it as well. Yes, maybe. Hopefully you enjoyed. Subscribe if you did. Like the video if you're dead. Tons of stuff on the channel. Hopefully you check it out. Bye. Bye.