 But you're Friday. The freshest. Right! So this has been super requested. This is Adi performing for Aluminum, for Aluminum. And on the wish buzz and it's super popular, it has like a million views. Well, I was my kicker, Adi. He was mental. Ditch it. Yeah. Mental. But Adi, shout out to you, bro. You were very smooth. First met him. But anyways, this is another, maybe, Adi. Adi, I do apologize if I miss pronounced in the next. Adi, I would say Adi. Let's give her a watch. Maybe Adi. But it's been very requested and I think it's like really, really making noise at the moment. So let's give her a watch. Let's have a look. Do you have subtitles? Oh no. Layers. Weird layers. I like very woodsy. Oh yeah. Everyone ever now making music if they have neighbors using this. What do you call that? Oh, God, I forgot. He's a ATIC. It's just basically a drum machine and sampler. I don't know what it's called. Oh, God, what is it? He has it all. We're just speaking about it with Timothy. Fucking forgot it anyways. Yeah, it's okay. I want to buy one of those. But I think you have to be smart to use it. Did I do that? Yeah. Did I do that? Yeah. Don't you think it's all right? It looks tiny. A pack. A pack minute. What are we calling it? Attack, committee. I thought I was calling. Listen. Wish. No. Perfect. That is exactly what an intro must do. You've sold me two different pictures. You've intrigued me. You've brought me in. You've got all the audience in the palm of your hands. You don't know what the fuck is going to happen next. You don't know what actually which of the two parts you've presented yourself. Would you take yourself? It's really interesting because I would love for this to be... I don't know why I'm having expectations of what his voice would sound like now. I have to be honest. The whole transition from that would see Earth like a regimen at the beginning with the really twinkly lights in the background type of lights. You're gonna fire, you know, sort of melting potators. Sorry, marshmallows. That's what you do, right? In fights. Never been to one. We don't really do camping in England. Well, people do do camping. No, but you want to freeze the death now. Even in summer, it's just kind of wild. I'm just saying that it's interesting though, because this is the type of music that feeds my soul. Yeah, this is perfect. What were you called? This is alternative... No, it's called indie. Indie, that's it, indie. Sorry, it's indie. Yeah, it's a folk, folk music. That's it, indie folk. Yeah. The... Yes. Seven five. So nothing like that now on my lane. Perfect, Sean! Oh, no, my god, it's your perfect. I am losing my mind. Please. This is wonderful. Casey Tandingan, make a collaboration. Let's make that. Oh, Moira would work. Oh, yeah, good work. Oh, Ben and Ben. Oh, my god, Ben and Ben and the whole collaborative album. They just dropped... Cool. Wow, Pemble House. Pretty good. We're thinking of dropping a review about it. It's classic. And in this next couple of weeks, it's a bit busy. I know what again, senior. Oh, my god. It gets on between the love when I said I need. I can't. I can't. That's it. That's what it's called. Well, this is getting late. A thousand times at home. MPK Mini. MPK Mini. Please remember that because I actually want to buy one. Okay. Okay. Yeah, actually I'm a buy-off because... MPK Mini. I'll have to watch several tutorials. But let's try to get smart. Yeah. That is so good though. We see how useful it is. Oh, it's wonderful. Yeah, I totally agree with you. Yeah, not sponsored. No, no, no. We didn't even know what it was called in the beginning. But no, honestly, the whole environment. And it's vocal texture. What is that? It's so cool. It's like a songmello. And it's like... You want him to not write your life. I want him to sing my life. Not not rated. I want him to sing it. Sorry, to be the soundtrack of your life. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know when you were a kid and you used to put your headphones in and your parents were driving and it was raining. You're in the back. You're in the back looking out the window. And then the song's perfect. No, no, Cheetos. The song's perfect in your headphones. And suddenly you're like, yeah, music beat you. No, they didn't do that. That's too cool. That's not the crazy version of the song. Still feel like every time I put headphones and then I'm walking around London. I feel like, whoa. This is a movie. Yeah, a lot. My life. But if you're like in a countryside and you listen to this, perfect. Oh, when you're in the trains here going through the countryside. I used to go to work to like, I had to take a train for like two hours. You used to work? I used to. Well, you know, well, I used to go like in the trains for a real long time. And there was like a lot of landscape all that everywhere. Like here is a lot of like cows everywhere. And horses for the reason. And that feels. But if you, I used to listen to this music like in the folk and stuff like that. And I'll turn a different things like less, less, less experimental, but more folkish. And yeah, I used to like turn the whole life into winning. It's generally really does has that peculiarity sort of. I mean, just, yeah, really, what would you call it? It, yeah, it translates that warmth and it's really well. And then it makes you feel warm as well. It's so nice. I like it. I think him and Moro make a great collaboration. But I used to. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. And this is also the environment where they style really, really, really. Shines. I love the layers. It's nice. Oh, hey, could listen to this on loop. It's so nice. I think that's probably the best way to explain that. It's like it's so nice. Yeah, so yeah. Like warm. And like, I don't know. It's hard to explain. I was actually having a hard time explaining a few other songs the other day as well. Because when music hits far away from technicalities and it's all about the feeling itself, I find it's so difficult to actually express with words. What, what is it that you makes me feel? It's just trying to express emotions. So hard, but yeah. A lot of difficult you find it. Yeah, but this is where I'm finding myself at right now. I'm engulfed in this brand new world and something that is fresh and new and yet familiar. It's a really cool thing. I think actually we're not trying to explain them. I mean, we are trying to describe emotion through language. But I think we're also trying to describe sensations. That's true. Which I think that's probably rather more difficult than emotions. Because I think emotions have been tried to be described throughout history consistently. But sensations are so individualistic. It's true. You know, the way you feel this music is, you know, I imagine very different to mine. I would think so. We would find common ground obviously as we both describe things similarly. But yeah, how do you describe sensations? Yeah, I think it is. That's a very good point. It's a very good point. So I can go, I'm walking on my own. I know I'm walking on my own. I can't walk on my own. That's a very good point. Yeah, this is his environment. The cool thing is he can recreate his environment anyway. Oh, 100%. This is so great. Nice. Nice. So so subtle, isn't it? It's not too much for the haste of fishing flavor. Yeah. So about the layers you're building. Good times. Love that. Yeah, Ben and Ben would make an amazing collaboration. I would think so. Yeah. I would think so. Love that. Yeah, Ben and Ben would make an amazing collaboration. I would think so. Wish you were using it. What you're also seeing, like... Wow. The different ways of creating this music too. That is so pretty cool. Impressive brother. The pronunciate section. That is so pretty. See, we'll go back to that beginning. I'm not sure if it's a good song. I'm not sure if it's a good song. I'm not sure if it's a good song. Oh my god, how wonderful was that? It's also seeing a different way of... For example, Ben and Ben would come to mind with this genre. We're seeing different ways nowadays of creating the same environment. Ben and Ben are probably the more orthodox way, more traditional sound of Indy folk. Given the fact they have a band, but this is a evolution that we're seeing at the moment. But it's so highly beneficial to be able to replicate this because you can create this music in your room. You can create this music in that, but I would leave a party in a wedding. The only concern that you always have is Indy folk musicians or singers that don't tend to have a band. It's obviously what it's going to sound like. Can you replicate? Because there seems to be something about Indy folk, which is very human. That's why I touched on those five emotions and sensations. Because it's made by humans. My question always is regarding this band. When you go live in a big stage or whatever, how do you create, how do you ignite so much? I think he nailed it because he does a little. I was going to say I'm not afraid for him. I'm actually really intrigued to see him on a live set in performance. Because he does exactly what he needs to be done. Not more, no less. It's what it requires for the song itself. If you do not the minimum, but if you do enough, and you also bring everyone to that level of a... What would you call it? Stability, frequency. Yes, sensitivity of sound, then when you increase just a tiny bit or when you decrease a tiny bit, they will be sensitive enough to... To come back to the original frequency. You bring them to the frequency, I think that's probably what it's called. You bring them to the frequency that you want them to be at. And the way you do that is another good example of those is very well. It's a crazy turning-gang. Less is more. So the pinnacle of that principle. It's the same kind of principle, but here it varies a bit. Because you do want to do a lot. You do want to add layers. You do want to add guitars. You do want to have an upper-cule voice. But you don't want to make it big. You don't want to overpower. Because otherwise it takes away from the flavors, from the sensations that you're creating. This is a very, very nice performance. And I adore this genre so much. I would love to see more of Addy or Addy. And if you have any more links or left performances that you like to check out next, leave them down below and we'll check them out.