 What's going on you two? Hey everyone. Thank you so much for tuning into our channel. I'm Thank you. You're a travel and today we're headed to the Philippines. Let's go. Let's go Oh, all right, let's go. Sweet. Yeah, it's great. We're checking out the 10 Christmas traditions from the Philippines. All right. So that should be sweet. Now I already know from the Philippines they celebrate like burr months. Burr. Yeah, so yeah, they have Christmas in September. Oh, October, November and December. Oh, wow. Like four full months of Christmas. Oh my gosh. Really? Yeah. How fun is that? That's sweet. Yeah. So I'm excited to watch this video. Yeah, let's check it out to learn more. I never knew about that. I know. All right. This should be a good one. Yeah. All right. Let's do it. Hey, I'm before we start. I just want to make sure that everything's working. That everything's working and that we have the sound turned all the way up for everyone. Oh, good. Thank you. So everyone can hear what we're listening to. Perfect. We got headphones on. Yeah. And that would not be good. All right. Okay. It should be loud. Here we go. Hey, fams. My name is Jair Klaagho. And today I'll share to you 10 unique Christmas traditions we do in the Philippines. Awesome. Burr months ago. Oh, that's what I was just talking about. The Philippines celebrates the longest Christmas in the entire world. We start preparing and celebrating Christmas once the Burr months set in. Burr months starts from September, October, November and then December. In September, TV stations and families will start counting. And you'll start hearing Christmas songs like all I want for Christmas is you and oh, holy night by Mariah Carey. Wow. Different Filipino Christmas carols in shopping malls and on the radio. Wow. Oh, so many. Also, Filipinos will begin decorating their houses, establishments and streets with gleaming displays. Wow. Huge Christmas trees. Awesome. Belongs and parols. Parols. Parols. Or also known as a Philippine lantern is a unique Filipino decoration traditionally made from colorful papers, bamboo sticks and shaped like a five-pointed star. Putting a parols in homes, they also look like establishments and streets is a common Filipino tradition as this signifies the spirit of Christmas. In 1928, other sweet lanterns were originally designed to help villagers find their way to chapels and churches for the Simbangabe. Simbangabe. Simbangabe or Misadigayo is considered one of the oldest Christmas traditions in the country. This is a nine-day series of early morning masses to honor the Blessed Virgin Mary starting from December 16 to Christmas Eve. People wake up at dawn and attend Mass at their local churches as early as four o'clock in the morning. That's so pretty. It is a common belief among Filipinos that their Christmas wish will come true once you complete it the nine-day service. Caroling. Another thing Filipinos are known for is the ability to sing really well. So they showcase their God-given talents during Burmonts. Group of people, usually kids, would fill the streets visiting houses with their instruments like tambourines and cat-made drums singing holiday songs in exchange for money or sometimes food or gifts. Monito Monita. Monito Monita. Said to be hospitable and friendly, Filipinos love giving as much as they love receiving gifts. A form of exchanging gifts called Monito Monita is a very popular Christmas tradition in the Philippines. For a week or so, participants receive and give gifts anonymously among colleagues, friends or families. This is usually done during Christmas parties. Like a secret Santa? Yeah. Christmas parties. It's common in the Philippines to have a Christmas party organized for any and every group you belong to. There's the Christmas party at school, at the office, the one with your closest friends, your cousins, the list goes on. These Christmas parties include Botlux, a program of games, exchange gift gifts, and talent presentations. Filipino Christmas Foods. Filipino families know that the best way to celebrate Christmas festivities is to enjoy extraordinary Christmas foods together. Some of the best and popular Filipino Christmas foods are the sweet Filipino delicacies bibinka and putabong bong that are sold outside the churches every simbang gabé. During Notche Buena, a whole roasted skewed big called Le John, a creamy salty queso de bola, and a Christmas ham are all present on the table. Wow. A full pig like that. Notche Buena. After the last simbang gabé or the Christmas Evemas, Notche Buena follows. The Notche Buena is a big open house celebration with family, friends, and neighbors jumping into wish everyone a Merry Christmas. Most households would have several Filipino Christmas foods laid out and ready to be feasted on to celebrate the birth of Christ. The MMMF celebration. The MMMF or Metro Manila Film begins on Christmas Day and runs through the first weekend of January. The festival starts with an opening parade going across the center of Manila, which features floats and actors from the selected films. For Filipinos to truly enjoy this amazing and unique festival, all the cinemas in Metro Manila are expected to play only these local films during the festival and four films are put and hold. Aguinaldo on Christmas Day Aguinaldo is a common tradition for every Filipinos to visit their relatives and godparents during Christmas Day. During the visit, kids would practice the old age tradition, mano, as an act of respect to elders. For most part, they are rewarded and presented with gifts like toys or money by their relatives or godparents. This is when they receive their Pamasco or Aguinaldo. That's how we celebrate Christmas here in the Philippines. Wow, I hope that you liked this video and it's cool. Yeah, that's true. Everyone, please don't forget to like this. Oh, it's really good. I like that. About four months. Oh my gosh, that shocks me every time. Yeah, four months. It's a long time. Yeah, to get started in September. Yeah. With all the music and the festivities. Yeah, it's really cool. Yeah, sweet. Me too. Wow. Oh, well, the holiday season is right around the corner. It's right now. Yeah. So awesome. Yeah, thank you so much for watching. Let us know in the comments down below. What are your favorite Christmas traditions? And what are you the most excited for coming up? Yeah, let us know. And if it's your first time, come across our channel and check out one of our videos. Please give us a quick subscribe. Hey, then notification bell to save today because we come out of videos every single day and we can't wait to see you tomorrow. See you tomorrow. Yeah.