 In this video, we will feature International Celebrity Chefs Reaction about Filipino food. But before that, please subscribe to my channel, be no a proud and pride TV. Jeffrey Saparian is Armenian-American chef, rest the rural television personality and author. He is featured on several television programs on the food network, including Chop and the Next Iron Chef. What can he say about the Filipino food? Kevin, we are going to see your skin side down and get a really good color. You can see the color that is happening here. It just looks fantastic. It is so much flavor. So, when they get nicely crushed, we are going to take them out, put them on a dish. It is so simple and you can make this and basically start to finish about 45 minutes. And this, don't forget this. But after you get this... Marcus Samolson is an Ethiopian Swedish chef and rest the rural. He is the head chef of the Red Rooster in Harlem, New York. What can he say about the Filipino food? The whole cook Filipino food. On a spit. And then I deepened the body, rolled it all up with pork moan, and then stuffed it with Filipino sausage. Nice! Nice! Some long and knees in the house. Drop your phone and just be in the moment. This is so delicious. Nice! Guy Pieri is an American restaurant, author and an Emmy Award-winning television presenter. He co-wants three restaurants in California, licenses his name to restaurants in New York and Las Vegas, Nevada. And is known for hosting various television series on the food network. What can he say about the Filipino food? Look at this, dude. Outmakes, lots of flavor, little vinegar sauce. This is what really makes it. And what does the indobo mean? It's it up. Fresh is on. We're done with this. We're done with this, great. Oh, that's not good. It's starting like this. Wow, a lot of flavors in this. The meat's super, super tender. A little bit of smoke on it. Little spice up. Andrew Seamer is an American culinary expert, chef, restaurant and television personality. He is well known for his shows, bizarre foods with Andrew Seamer. What can he say about the Filipino food? I think Filipino food is, you know, I've been calling it for five years. I think he's getting more and more popular simply because of the variety of ingredients and European techniques that are found in that food. Their use of acidity, the quality of their food has the best of Asian cuisine. Sisig is one of the stalwart national dishes of the Filipino culture. And one of my favorite foods, period. The Philan Foods version is skillet crisps with plenty of peppers and vinegar. Grover it. Wow. That was one of the strangest foods I've ever eaten in my entire life. But so unexpectedly better than the way I thought it would be. I thought the game. They just pop in the deep fryer. There's a little leg and a little thigh. And I know this sounds kind of crazy, but it tastes just like chicken. Gordon Ramsay is a freakish chef, restaurant and television personality. He's well known for his shows, health kitchen, kitchen nightmares and the app word. What can he say about the Filipino food? So I have a Filipino inspired pork adobo burger. The key here is to take the bacon and actually grind it into the patty. So you get a nice juicy bacon flavor. And then of course you add the quintessential adobo flavors, which is vinegar, soy sauce, bay leaves, lots of garlic. Gordon Ramsay is a seasoned beauty. Seasoned beauty. And that goes to you, Jesus. And richness as well. And the bun, that's the traditional Filipino. Oh yeah, it is. It's called pannasol. Yeah, of course. Delicious. It's kind of like coming down to a decision, Gordon. You have to make a decision. I mean, here's the thing. Two burgers, okay? Right? It's such more seasoning. Because then with a touch more spice than anything else but, we're going to go with the Philippines. Anthony Bourdain was American chef, book author, journalist and travel documentarian. He's well known for his shows. Anthony Bourdain no reservations, delay over. And Anthony Bourdain parts unknown. What can he say about the Filipino food? Okay, now the side dish. I know what this is. This is balloon, isn't it? It is. This is the fertilized, basically it's feedled duck egg. Yeah. It's a half term duck. Very popular in the Philippines and Vietnam. And... Oh! Oh! This is an a bad one. Usually... I hate mascots. You know they fart in their suits. Oh yeah. Chicken and spaghetti. And not just any spaghetti. I think it's like sweet banana, ketchup, and stuff with hot dogs. The best thing you could ever eat for the cold beer. Hot of course, about Cic. Hot, sizzling pig face with a runny egg on top and ditching better at somebody because nothing is getting in between me and this spicy chewy fatty goods. You gonna mix it up and go? Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of Cic. How about you? What can you say about their reactions? About our Filipino food. Please comment, like, and subscribe to my channel. This is Pinoe Proud and Pride TV. Thank you so much for watching.