 But you're Friday. The freshest. Alright, so you guys told us that there is this Filipino band that plays Latin music and this specific group it's called Savor Latino. Which means Latin flavor. Correct. If Rob was incredibly excited about this because it's all about the freaking Latin percussion display and... Yeah dude I don't know what this guy is fucking from but he's good. So he wants to share with you all of you and I think it's a very vintage video and I think it's a really good representation of what we stand all the time saying that is the Latinos and Filipinos are basically one people. Yeah basically. It's also... I don't know if that's why I wanted to check out this video. There is one I want to check out this video. It just stands for one more you know. Yeah it's also quite impressive. You know how many different parts of the world, like you know Japan is also quite well-known for having insane salsa bands. Correct. Actually one of the most popular salsa bands in the world is actually from Japan I forget the name but the ladies fucking fantastic and the little Japanese percussionist they have is quite small guy. Unbelievable. And here this is from the Philippines and it was just so impressive to watch. I've already seen bits and bits of this so I just want to show you guys sections of it because I don't know the stupid forming. This is quite old but from what you guys have taught me it's like they were considered one of the best Latin bands in the Philippines so gone without any further bloody. I can't guess. This series is going away. I don't know where he is from though. It's a contel. Also the video's resolution doesn't really hate you guys. Oh so what the girls playing is called La Pia Play. Oh, clavit. Then the timbales are those drum looking things and then I think most of you know what a beautiful goat caucus. Well let me just acknowledge that the lights are dancin tusso blues over that include all of those g Let me just emphasize this let me pass this He's obtuse represents part Woo! I mean! The reason why that's so impressive, there's also one of my favorite bits is here. I'll explain it. I'll go a bit by bit on why this is so impressive. Because obviously I think it's quite cool that you know, that is basically how we grew up playing this stuff. And actually that song, our father's band used to cover that song as well. Yeah, you're just saying it. Well, Lucha used to sing it. I was trying to find if we had any videos. Yeah, Glottestephan. But I can't find any videos of us doing that. It's so annoying because so at the time we were performing, it was like my space era. Actually one of our albums was in my space, I remember. Correct! And it was still there, but you can't hear it. I don't know why. The father doesn't work or anything like that. Well, I don't think it works. Because of that thing, but my space still works there. That's it? Yeah, it still exists. Oh my god, the singer is that I should look into that. Wow! Yeah, I hope this video does really well. So many people go and try and search where Lucha on my space. Because Riley had my space. I did, and I was too young. But YouTube wasn't a thing. Like it wasn't a thing at all. At least not in South America. No, no, it did exist. But it wasn't, again, like a thing. Like maybe you had fucking seven creators and the most they had was like 2000 subscribers. I think it's all about the camp videos. It was even prior to that. It was just dark shit and camp videos. It was just 2007, 2006 YouTube. Yeah, that was in dark YouTube. It's weird YouTube. It was just bizarre. And the... Dark era. Exactly. It was like, imagine forums. Dark ages of YouTube. Yeah, and it was an 8, it was a nice camp videos, it doesn't tend more camp videos. And then it sort of turns into that creator's things that it is now. But I'm so pissed at that. But anyways, the reason why that's so impressive is because the bread and butter of Latin music, it's this geezer. The guy on the left, right? He also seems to sing, which is fucking impressive. But he's the bread and butter of everything. The girl, usually, the lead vocalist. She is what you call... Like the Adorno, she is what you call the... What makes that Christmas tree beautiful, which is the ornaments, the lights. The show girl. Exactly. And they've really maintained that sort of core perspective. And we can tell you confidently that they fucking are nailing it because... That's what we did. No, only what we did. But that's how you grow up. That's how they bands you look up to. You know what I mean? Yes. Actually, and it's funny enough because as you grow up in South America, like you do in the Philippines or anything, there's always a soloist or a group or a band that will make it global or will be in every single festival or every show. And I think one of the biggest female role models in South America was Olga Tanjón. Yep. And Gordy Stefan, of course. But they used to bring in every single show. They used to bring the whole band. And that's what made them so iconic. They wouldn't just show up with dancers and do the whole Ryshebang of it's a soloist performance. But they would bring their whole full band, you know, a 15-piece band with metal sections and you name it, plus dancers. For whatever the set might be. Even if it was like six-minute-long set, they would do the whole Shebang. And this particular performance that we're seeing here by Savor Latino is hidden the nail in the head by like the essentials that you need in Latin music. And it's so cool. This is put this up, put this up, listen to this shit. Oh, okay. I love this song. It's worth counting. She must have the decorriot shit. Let me go to lunch. Oh, same door. Oh, okay, give me the envelope. I'll be like, Oh yeah. That's hard, dude. All I can see is winning you in the mask. Well then, please. Yes Okay. Volmtadkski Hi. I've been singing for like 10 years Oh fuck the drama 6 Oh everybody singing Everybody singing this is really brilliant Hey, double b, double keyboard, sir. So I have a question So here's the question why the fuck is this popular in the Philippines? Correct Because that doesn't make much sense. I thought you know, but it's being nice and all stuff like you know, there's obviously a lot of similarities culturally speaking right but Like let me put it in this so you just so you get the perspective where I'm coming from Tagalog or OPM like he's like you never hear that stuff in the like Venezuela like Colombia, Brazil Well, Brazil doesn't well, it's the same way they're pretty popular in Brazil, but you know Chile I don't think you will never hear any music from the Philippines, right? Which I'm always trying to change that shit because it's good music, but you've never heard that yeah, um I think Why Perhaps why like Latin music especially salsa merengue has Maybe reached that the borders of like you know Asia. It's maybe because it's a whole blood is continent's music You know what I mean like it is it's not just one country. It's like Back in it's a whole continent basically. Yeah, the whole of South America. No salsa and placement and gansar So maybe that's why but Why was there interest to even create a band that means there must be a market for? The thing is like the audience the people actually liked it because they deemed it as one of the best Latin bands and If not the best Latin bands in the Philippines so that this video is like 13 years old at least and I think that yeah at least I think it's a what is it? Oh, okay? It's a great freaking oh yeah, 2008 Wow, man, they had a website so what latina.com Oh, wow cool I wonder if they're off to if they disbanded what's happening is there any other Latin bands that are Now in parties or anything like that you might know that you've heard of I mean this is this is one interesting situation right here Yes, I got I got a lot of questions about it And I think also like just Filipino artists in general are so adaptable and I think the Filipino What would you call it market the music? Not heads, but just people that like music because everyone likes music in the Philippines They I think they're also quite open-minded in that sense of of They like sounds they like different things they like music. Yeah, I think overall it Yeah, maybe maybe it's because the musicians and the Philippines are so open into experimenting with new styles new rhythms and and integrating that into actual music it's it's it's really interesting again if you're a musician if you are there Let us know what your perspectives are. Oh, it's nothing is there like Latin stuff. Yeah, okay, good