 über sob What is good about the squad? You're welcome back to our channel. So today's a very exciting video. We ordered Filipino snacks about two weeks ago. Yeah, maybe we did not know what they were going to come in or not, but they finally arrived today. Woo! And we're going to be trying a bunch of different snacks. We did try Filipino food and one of our recent YouTube videos, and let me just say we loved it. The food was amazing. I know we had a lot of awesome people commenting in the comments. If we said stuff wrong or if we didn't eat stuff right, but for the most part, I think we did pretty good when it came to eating Filipino food for the first time. And the reason we didn't look anything up, and we didn't educate ourselves on how to actually it was because we just wanted to like, as us Americans, just trying it the way we think we are supposed to eat it. Yeah, we did not want any secret insight on how to eat the different types of food that we've been eating, especially in our recent Indian food. We ate stuff totally wrong. We said stuff totally wrong. Let me just tell you, you guys corrected us in the comments. And I feel like I would have liked it way more if I did it the way you guys were saying. We could always do another video trying it the right way. We just didn't want any insight, so we can just try it with our 100%. But we think what we think how to eat it or how to say it. So if that kind of clears the air with that, we really appreciate you guys educating us in the comments and letting us know how to eat it. So next time we do it, we can eat it the correct way. We definitely will eat it the right way next time. So we just got the delivery a couple of hours ago, we did not open it yet. I just opened up the box because I wanted to show you guys our reactions for the first look. Ready? And three, two, one. Wow. So, hey. I want to show you guys. How much should you order? This is called a little like a baby. Do you see how big this box is? No, look it. So just so you guys know, if we are pronouncing the words wrong, I am so sorry. They have like Oreos. Yeah, I know. Oh my God. So this is the place we ordered it from, Suckley from Philippines to you. It's an online website that takes Filipino food and delivers it across the nation. The Suckley Grocery. Yeah. Dude, this looks so good. What's you ordered there? I ordered a lot. I wanted to try everything. I feel like I've even if we only have little bite of it. You guys, I love to say when I was on the website, I was like, wow. They have some pretty cool like rare things that we don't see very often. I'm like, oh my God. It actually looks really good. Like never would have think that they would make like a lobster into chips or a crab into chips. So as you can see, we have a lot of snacks. We're just going to start with the first one that I grab right now, which is sweet goods. This is a candy. So these are. This is my weird. Okay. I really do not know what kind of candy this is. But I don't know. It doesn't say it anywhere on the package. You want to know what this smells like to me? I'm really, I don't know what it is. What does it smell like? Tockeys. It does. It smells like a little like that. Like a turkey, like a hot, spicy. Is this spicy? It smells spicy. I don't know. Ready? Cheers. Cheers. This is a candy. Oh, that's weird. That's different. Ooh. Don't know why it has this same texture as chalk, but it's a candy. It literally tastes like tockeys, but in a candy form to me. That is super weird. It's actually not that bad. It's not bad at all. I'm just trying to save my half a time for the rest. I know. I don't know why it's the whole thing. It's just a little like. I'm going to probably like some of these all. I really like it. We're going to want to keep buying them. All right. This one. I'm going to probably rate a seven out of 10 until I rate more because I want to see what the other ones taste. But I really wish that said a name on it. These don't say names on it at all. And when we bought these, it didn't really say the names on the website. It just said like whatever candy. Sweet goods. Sweet goods. It was. So we're going to try another candy right now because why not? It's why the fricante. We love our candy. It's actually not our candy. I know. It's super tangy. So that's what I used to call it like. Sous based candy paper in her recipe. It's not raw. Really ever put it in a cup or. It's just in a cup.Ray is not as strong as sweet and sour as just barrel. Alright. It's not as fat but as we cross this, so we're going to. If we mix bacon from faster than used by ZAPZCould. Very very strong, but they're not that bad. They're not bad. They're really sugary. They're really sugary. Yeah, they're very strong I really wish these had names. Yeah guys these don't have names But if you know what these are let us know let us know I would look them up But we literally have so many else to go through Alright, right close guys pick one two or three two. All right. Here you go And I'm gonna try these so this is garlic and vinegar corn chips and I'm gonna try these wacky Corn chips such a cool packaging honestly. I want to see the proportions because in America I don't know if you guys know this but they only filled the chips up to here Oh, yeah, they fill up the bags like the same amount Hmm, all right I have to go check. Let me try yours. Okay. I can see why people like this wacky approve now We're gonna try these chippy garlic and vinegar These are better. Oh, they are good. I like people better. See I like garlic and vinegar like what flavor? No, I really got it good. What shape does this remind you of this is the Filipino version of Free those in America, but these are actually flavored garlic and vinegar which I give these a 9.5 out of 10 Same with these and those I give a nine out of 10 Oh 10 out of 10. I can't sell that. Those I give a nine out of 10. I'm actually really fired What's that we're gonna have a bunch of open chips at the end of the video. Hi, baby. You know the drill one two or three one These this is a barbecue Pars Indonesian snack. I don't think this is a Filipino snack. This says I love Indonesian snack. I still gonna try it. I'm gonna try it with barcuit. All right. I just want a disclaimer We ordered off the website that says from Philippines to you I'm gonna show you that's what it says on the top from the Philippines to you So if any of this food is not actually Philippines this that's on our fault Most of it is but maybe maybe this is Filipino, but the bags are hard open. Yeah, our American bags are like paper thin Yeah, you can just like rip them open. Okay, and I'm gonna be trying the potato fingers these look like noodles They literally look like what these look like oh What do we got here? I love snacks don't these look like noodles. Yeah They're good. They're good. These are comparable to like cheese puffs Oh, yeah, potato fingers. I'm gonna love in these Wow, I'm loving that. Oh my gosh Those shrimp things are good too Shrimp crackers. I'm gonna rate the shrimp crackers things seven out of ten Yeah, these ten out of ten these potato fingers. They taste like cheese puffs in America. They do those are actually really good Wow, I feel all these you guys ten out of ten so far yummy. Wow. Oh this one looks you guys I saw it's what online. I'm like ooh That's interesting and that looks so good. So they are crab flavored crackers crazy. Are they gonna be good or not? All right, ready you take one shit. I take another Do the taste like crap So they have they have a little aftertaste of crab. It's not like boom crab It's like I can definitely taste the crab a hint of crab. I like that. It's not like fully like No, no, if it tasted like full crab I feel like it wouldn't be as good these are actually pretty good I like that. I'm gonna give these a solid I Wouldn't like eat them on the daily, but I like that. They're actually really pretty. No, these are fire Not so much. I still like the potato fingers I'm really curious. I want to save the Oreos till the end I want this one because I feel like these are gonna be one of the best So we're gonna save these at the end so make sure to stay tuned so we can show you how to obtain all they have two different ones Those are pink and oh yeah, I definitely crush it. I definitely crush that one So when we were trying the Filipino Uh, hello, hello, which means mix mix, okay? I know I said it wrong in our last video a lot of people cracked it up They had this in there. They had one of these in the actual drink and we did not mix the drink Which probably would have made it better but all right? It is time to try Sticos sticos the real hey, so Philippines is saying this is the real way for sticks because in America we do have way for sticks But these apparently are the real oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god bill. So I'm guessing you like it Let me try the chocolate one first Mmm. Oh my god. I hear like strawberry the best. This is called a mocha Java. Oh my god. Yeah, bocha Java. This is like coffee Which that has a little coffee flavor in it, but really good? Strawberry my favorite. Oh my god These are good. These are seven. These are oh No, you're like a 20. These are a 30 I'll know I'm eating one more if you want to take one snack out of all these By these for real they're strawberry wafer sticks called sticko Mmm, and they're from the Philippines. Oh, this is what they made it for us to get them out. Oh my god Oh god, he tastes so good How do they make you so good if you guys eat this on a daily there like I'm jealous because like you can't buy these here You literally have to go online and wait a couple weeks. Let's just trace good I'm gonna have to Excuse me Wow, we should sit up for the last right and build a bruise that sold it. Oh my gosh All right, so I'm guessing these are the version of cheese balls that we have But this is called Havito snack time. They're like cheese balls All naturally yellow corn sweet corn balls So we're gonna be trying those and these hello panda. I've always seen those chocolate. Oh that chocolate on the inside Yeah, you open this up You try that first oh They have like Nutella on the inside These are fire yeah, wow, I don't think you can't rate those what 10 out 10 9.8 out of 10 That's like that's very good. I think we're loving this week so much is because we are on a no We're on a no sweet diet kind of we don't need Paces oh my gosh, it was like I'm in heaven. All right now. I'm gonna try the Havito cheese balls See on the bottom says cheese balls. Oh, um, I Two of those things you have to eat multiple to get the flavor in I mean Okay, these are good. These are bigger than our cheese balls our cheese balls are a lot more flimsy and more orange You said there are eight out of 10 I'll say eight out of 10. I'll say like 7.8 Yeah, 7.8 out of 10 for these cheese balls The best thing is we have a whole pack of these that we can eat now for the rest of the week so What do you guys do when you was what are these? Mango flavor mochi's oh, we're trying So the do usually the mochi that we eat are in the freezer section, but these are Dried non frozen mochi's Good better the more you chew it gets better. It's definitely not my favorite. That's a weird texture look at that It's like I think the reason I don't like gum I think there's I don't like it is because I'm so used to the frozen one Even like me go you like mango yeah, like me go. Okay. I just don't think I like maybe if it was like a strawberry flavor I think I would like that so this is a Japanese style rice cake best for dessert these are very very Different than what we're used to especially like dried fruit. I'm gonna give this one for myself a seven on time What do you think I do five about ten yeah, I definitely I definitely I don't want it I don't want to too low because I I feel like I like the texture is not bad, but it's I want to try these so these are basically like veggie straws, but they're rice crackers rice crackers vegetable flavored rice Oh, these are fire these are good. They look like they wouldn't be good, but these are very good They're like mini cucumbers. Oh my god look at the thing. Oh, yeah, I can definitely get used to these For me, huh? I keep eating up These have more flavor than our veggie straws. Well, yeah, because I think these have more things that we can't have vegetable flavors I don't know these are these are way more flavorable than yeah, these are really good I don't like these ones. Oh, yeah, those are so worth time All right, so we're gonna try three more because we have so many snacks We wouldn't even be able to finish by tomorrow. Yeah, there's literally so much that we bought so these are like Rice cakes in America, but this is called a pop rice cracker And we have stuff like this is this is all so it's no flavor. It's just you saw Poppino put on oh Yeah, I guess like a six out of 10 these tastes like our rice cake Yeah, let's say six out of 10. I'm gonna say six out of 10 well So the last two that we're gonna try are both candies. This is the banana candy and then we're gonna try the Oreos Or they're called high-ro because I'm really excited for these and I think I'm gonna be my favorite so far Those strawberry ones my favorite, but here's the banana candy. What's it hard? It's just like a ooh Oh, it looks like a a touchy roll. Oh, it's hard. Don't chew it. So I can't Do the oh It gets better and better, but it takes a minute to get the flavor It was actually really good. I'm biting off the side of it. Oh, you're already eating it Mm-hmm. It's not dang. That thing is hard. I like that. Oh, I actually really like that. Mm-hmm. I'd say 8.5 Banana candy really good. I like bananas and it starts off hard But the more you like eat it and like chew it. Yeah, I think you're supposed to suck on it a little bit There's like a breath mint. Yeah, but it's not like a mint, you know very finishing How come on? Bite down on it. I don't want to hurt my teeth. You're not gonna hurt your teeth. Oh my gosh you guys. I'm getting full I am so slow right now and we just came back from a buffet. I don't know if you notice but we've also been eating this on our couch Because like I don't know we just decided to like chill out on the couch for this video But last item that we're going to try is the high row high row, which is the Oreo Oreo of the Philippines Yep, I wonder if they have Oreos. Well, they do. Well, no, I wonder if that also had the Oreo brand like you would think they would ship You'd eat the Oreos with chip everywhere, right? Because it's such a big company You're right you smart if these are good. Mm-hmm. We might be eating them I could tell the chocolate just smells more rich like richer in flavor Think of an Oreo. Oh, yeah, the slogan is can't get enough. Yeah, you can't Mm-hmm chocolate flavored sandwich cookies. These taste really good It's like Oreo actually or else but if you like the chocolate is a better chocolate Mm-hmm kind of young. I don't know everything honestly just tastes good look at our mess that we have going on right here guys It's literally we have taking over our living room at home We have so much Yeah, we have a lot we have like six seven other bags of stuff that we had that we can save we can even order more Because we didn't order everything on the website. We only ordered like as much as we could fill up our cart with But I do rate the Oreos 10 out of 10 like honestly the high roast they are so good And I feel like those are one of probably the Filipinos like favorites. Honestly. This is my favorite out of all of them Comment down below if you are from the Philippines and let me know which one of your guys is all time favorite Even if you're not if you tried these before let us know because this is my all-time favorite I can eat these all day. I love those these are actually really good. Imagine this is a milkshake How good they are. Put them in a milkshake, you know, even with ice cream some hollow hollow, you know now I'm getting the the Filipinos slang like I need to do more research because like it's hard Pronouncing some of the words, but that was Filipino snacks if there's anything else we should try from the Philippines I let us know because like the only thing that we haven't tried is like really ice cream from there But we do want to do a lot more like tasting videos. We did the Philippines. We did Indian food Yeah, what should we do next? I'm really curious I see we have a lot of Greek people in our comments. Maybe try some Greek food I don't know like let us know what we should try next because we really want to just try more foods Yeah, I hope you guys enjoy today's video and we will see you guys in the next one But until then peace love you guys