 when your flight can't pull. This is what you do. Yes! Woo! Ha ha ha! Super rainy, so M and I are making some coffee code. This is my favorite brand, Vincent Coffee here, seriously. The really creamy one is even better, but like, I don't know, I'm trying to be healthy. Healthy. So we're having the brown coffee, which is really, really delicious. So, not sure what's going to happen today, but this is kind of what we're working with right now. I have to say, your girl is not feeling so fresh this morning. Yesterday ended up being pretty stressful when my flight was canceled and I had to miss today's flight that was supposed to take me back to LA. So if you haven't seen like that whole adventure, it's in my last vlog, so make sure to check it out. I've linked it below for you, but basically I have an extra day in Chargauh because all flights were canceled today as well. Really good news is stop raining enough that we were able to get on a scooter, get out of our hostel and start our day here in Chargauh. We're at Chaka right now. We're in Surprise, this is like my 10th, 11th, 12th time vlogging this place, and we're just going to chill. I have a really nice relaxing day here in general, and I'm like, what are you doing? It feels really good. I'm a bit of a rash. Yeah, Emma has a rash on her chest from the sun. Oh my god. Then you gotta do what you gotta do. We were having our beautiful little breakfast, we made some new friends here at Chaka, and it has started pouring rain again. I feel like that's going to be a theme today. It's going to be like raining and sunny, so everyone just cleared out the restaurant. It got really rainy really quick, so we're going to get on our bike and do a little shopping because that is indoors. It's so bright, I literally can't see. I got a few bracelets at these stands, and now we're going to head on to our second store, second shopping spot of the day. I've come here before, and I really, really like it. Emma got a super cute actually at the beginning right now. It's so humid right now, it's actually wild, but M&I both got stuff at Fallen, so yeah, really successful shopping day so far. There's a lot of cute stores in Chakao, so if you're ever looking to do some shopping or upgrade, I don't know, to get some new clothes while you're traveling in the Philippines in Chakao is a really good place to do that. We have just been cruising around. The storm is back, I feel like we were in the eye of the store. We were like, oh it's so nice, it's going to be nice for the rest of the day. I don't think so. Oh my goodness, guys, so strong. Guys, it is raining like fucking crazy now. I got Emma and I a little bit of a tree. Tendoy Rum is famous here in the Philippines. We paid 40 pesos for this bad boy. It's less than a dollar. Less than a dollar. So I've had this before, and on a group tour I was on before actually my guides let me know that it's really good with Sprite, and I try to know if we love it. This is my Emma's first time having Tendoy and my second, so we're just going to give her a go. When your flight's canceled, this is what you do. Cheers, cheers, woo! Cheers. Full body shake. Woo! How was it? Fine, really? Yeah, it's actually better if you like mix it with Sprite, it's actually really good. I'm down, I drank a little bit, but should I put it in? Oh it's good. Right, really good with Sprite. And on most group tours you do here, this is what they'll bring you. They'll have a huge bottle and they'll also have like red horse and stuff like that. Cheers, cheers. Yeah, cheers. Yeah, cheers. Extra day in Chicago. Also like where we are right now, so nice. Like you do. I actually feel really peaceful right now, it's so beautiful. So that is it for today's video, and also it for the rest of my Philippine series. I can't believe it's over. The Philippines is really one of my favorite countries in the entire world, and I've had such an incredible time here. It's been so fun traveling with some friends. Like you guys know, I love solo travel, and I find it very enriching. But it's also been really fun to travel with some girlfriends and sort of experience with that side of things too. Make sure you are subscribed. You turn the notification bell on for more quality content. And that is it for this round in the Philippines. I will see you in round three for the Philippines, but we have some other locations. We're going to be visiting before them. So stay tuned for more. Thank you for everything. I love you so much and talk to you soon. I'm not following me. She's like, honey! She's sent to you doing that!