 Hey guys, welcome back to Damn Going To You Rectio Tussada, Geronimo, sing, only love can hurt like this on A-Sup Nation 2. You guys, some of you have been really adamant that I react of this performance specifically and I know that there's going to come out something insane. I'll even from the time NLSE how she's standing there from the mic and I'm like, oh, this means business and I love the song itself. I know how powerful it is and I love Sara's voice slowly but surely learning about it and yeah, I mean I'm really excited to hear how what she does with this song, how the rearrangement of her sounds and yeah, I mean without further ado, let's get inside. So it's up here, we're right to the back leg. First of all, she looks gorgeous like, oh my god, like perfection and also her voice sounds so deep and strong and like serious and like I'm setting the scene right here, like I am the main lady here, I am doing this, I am here you hearing me and just fears. I love that. I love to hear her lower register because I think this is the first time I hear her lower part and it's really strong and there's not like any weakness or it whatsoever. She's really strongly sitting in that part and also I like and a further way like wider shot you can see how she's standing like one leg forward and one back like she's like really like going forward like power position that she's like I'm gonna run right at the back and her pronunciation is on point as well like you can see that her mouth is like working to get those words like perfectly out. I love every arrangement. It's so hard singing, theatrical almost. I love this. What she did was really really difficult to jump. I don't even know how much of a difference there was in notes but that was a big jump to get from her lowest to basically belting position. That is a hard thing. Now a lot of people could do that to like on a spot to be especially when you have been in that lower position for so so long like that placement and then to switch it up in like split second to shoot up that is really difficult. And the first few notes are like you can see that she is like trying to get like to sustain it but I'm sure as further it goes and her voice readjustes she will go better and better for her drone. It's the sweetest thing. Because she is clearly comfortable in that word of their voice. I love that fade out. I love how much emotion she is putting in there and you can really tell that she is singing live. The fact that when she pulls out the fade out and then when she like on accident hit the mic and it went you can hear her voice like disappearing. There is no recording underneath like that is her voice. She is like going for it. That's all her and I really enjoy that stylistic thing that she just fades out from it because her voice is so strong. She just needs to like we need off and we are like yeah just want to fade it out to give more depth to it. You guys I absolutely love her rearrangement. It was so artsy in the places so theatrical to put her own spin on the song and I really really enjoy that and I as I said I have never really heard this long amount of time for her to sing in this lower register so it was such a treat to hear and again that jump from low to high that is such a skill and also to control your voice in that higher register like smoothly without dropping off to keep that sustained ability in that power is really really difficult like when you're taking a breath in or you know anything that goes through here you need to sustain that and she did perfectly and it's really incredible and I love how much she was in the zone and in her in the song and she was not losing her character even after the people were applauding the car she was like in it like she was in the song she was the song herself and I really really enjoy that and I mean power vocalist what can I say and also hats off her to picking up a song like this is singus this is really really difficult song to singus it's mainly like in two parts of your voice and if you cannot do one on those parts that you can't really sing the song at all so the fact that she can do both just shows how versatile she is in her instrument and how strong she is that she can control it on the spot on the on the line like as we saw there's no no rerecording no backups no nothing that's all her on a stage raw and that's really admirable the she is doing that and I believe on this show people just sing live in general but to have the confidence to sustain songs like this all the way through is really really impressive so by the way you guys thought of her performance did you enjoy her lows and highs and what do you think about that jump how do you try to sing yourself those parts of this song and how does that work for you and can you sustain those higher notes unbelt state for such a long period of time because I've got definitely now go and we'll sing this song and try myself to see how that goes and other than that thank you so much for suggesting for me to react to this video if you have anything else for me to react to Sar please let me know in the comments down below better than that and we'll see you next time bye