 Morning guys and welcome to Sagada. It is a very very early start this morning. We had to get up early because we've got a cramp everything can in one day. We've just met our guide and we are heading down to the Echo Valley. Echo got set a few times to see the hanging coffins of Sagada. It's about one hour trek from our hotel. So we're about to get going. It's seven o'clock in the morning. I haven't had any coffee. I haven't had any food. Let's do this. So our first stop was literally about five minute walk from our hotel. On the side of the hill here and that is the church of St Mary the Virgin. This is actually one of the main tourist sites in Sagada. It was bombed in the war. I believe in 1920 and then was really built that year and it's really modern now. It's a lovely church. It's actually the main church in the town. Yeah, a nice little stop off on the way and you'll pass through here on your way to the Echo Valley. You get to the hanging coffins. You do have to pass through the graveyard. This is now all fairly sort of newer graves because it's when Christianity came in and so they're all buried now rather than being hung. You did actually mention that the hanging coffins can only be hung. For the shallot tree reasons they have to be hung away from the town. So all of this huge space is the Echo Valley. All of it, even all around here where we're walking, is part of the burial site. It's a huge amount of land that's being used for the burial sites. Echo! Did you hear that? All the way down there in the valley. That is crazy. They're just explaining now because some of the tourists now are starting to come to Sagada and they're screaming too loud. They're just getting disrespectful. So only one shallot. This trail that we've walk on at the moment is actually only three years old. Before that it was a very rocky trail. It's been made for tourists so it's easier for us to go and see the spots. There are a few in the caves around there that you can't actually see and you wouldn't be able to get to because the trail's too hard. This is the only one that we're actually able to get to. We've made it to the hanging coffins. As you can see, the burial was put in about a year ago because again people got to them and they were very disrespectful. The bodies were brought here secondly. The coffin would be brought first and it's quite a long hike. They can't lie. The body would be brought second and be put back in the fetal position which is like when you're born. The coffins are actually really small. These are actually quite new. The nearest one is the one below. Bummer Og was actually put here in 2010. There's a blood. It's red one. So here if you carry the body and you have blood and you're shoulder, according to the elders, blessings. Blessings. Yeah, that's why all people were siblings. They grabbed the body and bring it here. Some of these are actually families and they're put together. You can actually see which ones are in the fetal position because they're a lot smaller than the long ones, the longer ones, the newer ones which come from Christianity. Again, of course I wouldn't know any of this if it wasn't for the guide. You have to have a guide but you need one for this. Without it you would just come and look at it and you wouldn't understand anything. But yeah, it's a bit of a dark start to the vlog today but very, very interesting. Absolutely, but world is me. How they manage to get them up there. It's right up the side of the cliff and some of them in the other spots are even higher. We're actually going to add a head to some of the oldest ones now. Add the Lumyang. I might be pronouncing it wrong. Caves which have been there almost 400 years. They're all at the front of the cave. I think we've got to go back to meet our driver now and then drive because it's not walking distance from here. Of course, I'm the echo valley on the way back up to meet our driver. Our guide taught us of this other small burial site which again is no because you can tell it's been used, they've been built using power tools and even a scot in here. It's very, very eerie, don't recall too much here. It just seems a little bit disrespectful but you have to just come up off the path and there's little ones dotted about everywhere. This isn't a very well known one but if you look around you can find them. We're now at our second little hike to the Lumyang cave, it's only about 15 minute walk from the road side and yeah the views are incredible again. These pine trees, yeah all these pine trees, similar to baggier with a pine trees but even hilly it takes like hills and trekking to a whole new level so be prepared to do a lot of walking and it's still only 8 o'clock in the morning so this is where you get up early and make the most of it especially in rainy season because we know as soon as it hits off the noon there was going to be a lot of rain. About a 10 minute hike down into the cave and as you can see behind me there is a lot of coffin here. The majority are in the fetal position so therefore you can see the coffin are much smaller and the latest one here so the earliest one even is 1986. The majority are over like for 100 years old which is crazy but they go all the way around not that you can see. You can't see it too dark. You can actually as I'm walking down now go all the way through this cave, go caving here and it takes about four hours to go all the way through so I don't think we'll be doing that today but I am heading down a little bit and as you can see it overlooks the valley and they have the sunlight going down because they want the sunlight to be on their dead. I'll just go down here a little bit and see what I can see. Okay then a little bit further. It's so eerie in here. This cave is crazy. It's so dark and I don't think I want to go all the way in there. So we did tell you it was going to be a hectic vlog today. It's been a very busy day we're at the second stop or third stop over there actually some of them are going to cave. This is the one we're actually going to go in water so we are going to be using our a-leader adventure shoes. They've got a lightweight sole. They're super waterproof so we're not going to get wet. They're really comfy as well but we're talking more about them later but I need to get them on. Just at the entrance of Sumar-Gang Cave I think I've financed that correctly. It's probably going to take us two hours to get through if we go all the way through and I think the water is going to be up here. Good job you got them on. Good job I've got my waterproof shoes on but our legs are going to get wet. I don't know how dark it's going to get in there. I've got the camera. I might not have the best audio because I've taken the mic off so I didn't want it to get wet. It's slippery already just entering the cave. Well I don't know how much I'm going to be able to film but then how dark it's going to be but we'll see what we can do. You know that's going to be dark. We're getting the lantern set up now. I'm going in there where you can literally see nothing to fingers cross we don't slip over. If you can hear that that is the hundreds of bats up here in the cave and this is ridiculous. It's really slippery on the limestone rock. Wow there's so many of them. So we're pretty deep now and I've got my little flashlight about to touch. Got our lantern. It's crazy getting down here. The limestone rocks are incredible. It is so so slippery though. You heard all them bats right. I don't know how much further we're going to go in because of the rainfall. It's really really deep but you'll see how far we can go. So there are some steps going down here which actually you can't really see it. But it's actually you can get through the other side from the end cave. So where we were earlier you could have walked through. I think it takes about two hours. I think it says and it would get down here. The cave also has a special nickname whether you can guess what this is. Comment below and see if you know what it is. This here is actually where the water starts to flow down. You can't see much of it. It's all fresh water flowing down there and goes off into the dark and spree. You can't see a thing. Just about to see my hand. Be careful. It's so close. Be hand in there. Is it fresh? I don't want to cry to get me. But this water is not drinkable I don't think. Why is it not drinkable? Just a first lap of a mini-route alone in the evening. Lucky me enough. That's good. Thank you. That's so fresh. Can we... I'm out of the cave. Nackered? I'm actually lucky. So it's hard we've done so much. So much walking this morning and it's barely. It's not even lunchtime yet I don't think. So to guard out is renowned. Oh, I can't catch a breath for a lot of cool food. That brightness is lovely. So we're going to check some of them out. Yeah. Nackered. So we've left the cave now and a little short drive back to town. And we've made it to Yogga House. We have been recommended this by so many people. And you can see why. We've gone for banana pancakes with Yogga inside. Look how it works. I've gone for an assortment of cookies. We've got white chocolate chip, normal chocolate chip and lemon. And in Max gone for two, I serve toast because he is greedy. But this is heaven. Right, so I'm going to dig in. This is like fresh Yogga from... Oh, so God, I'm banana. Oh my God. Look at Yogga. Oh, here we go. Come on. Let's go. Yogga, bit of an anna. Oh my God. Good. It's not going to be so good. I think that's fresh, like strawberries on top as well. It looks amazing. You'll get a lovely. That was lovely. Just what I needed after all that hiking this morning. But like we said, it is not finished yet. We're going to walk down the town. The rain has passed for a minute, which is very good news. It's not drizzling a little bit. But we're going to walk down here. I can't remember the name in a place. I'll tell you when I get there. But it comes third. It's a bit of a... It's a bit of a... It's a bit of a... It's a bit of a... It's a bit of a... I can't remember the name in a place. I'll tell you when I get there. But it comes third in a coffee show in Paris. One of the third best coffees in the world, I believe. We just, I get in there, really. So, we've made it to banners. Coffee. It doesn't look by his open. There isn't anyone here at the moment that's serving coffee. But you can't actually do self-serving and get your own beans. You can't live there. Trust you. Yeah. She trusts you to put the money in for the beans. We're not going to do that because we've got nothing to make the coffee with. But there it is. There it is, there's a post of the third, it's a contest of coffee roses in that own countries of origin, a bit of a mouthful, but they came third, brilliant. There's a show that it's closed, really nice, the way it's like, down the side road on the hill there. But, not to right, we have one more thing. I passed leave, and it's saying else that you've recommended, and that is lemon pie. So I think we're gonna walk a little bit further down, down the road here into town, it's very small. It shouldn't be a long walk, and try this lemon pie. I've got my lemon pie, and we've got one between two, because we've eaten so much, we're ready this morning. That. Wow, so fresh, so sweet. We're the only people in here, it's so cute. I love how it's all full of log cupins. It's just so picturesque. But we need to get back to the room, have a shower, and get ready for later. A bit later now, we're back in the room. We have chilled for a little bit, had a shower, because we're dirty after all them hikes. The hikes are incredible. If you come here, prioritize the hanging coffins, I would say, even our tour guide said that there are caves everywhere in the Philippines, there are waterfalls everywhere in the Philippines, even though the caves were incredible, and I think the one we went in was actually, that could be the largest in the Philippines. Let me know if I am wrong. But food was lovely, love the lemon pie. The town is amazing, it's just like a little sleepy town, like you feel like you've got a whisper walking through it. It's, yeah, it's really nice. I love the way you go into a restaurant, and there's like no one in there. But we are now getting ready, getting dressed, and we're headed off to Lake Dunham, which meant it'd be a really good place for sunset, but obviously with the weather, it started raining again, we'll not get a sunset, so we're just gonna go there and check it out. Well, we think we're heading off, someone's got toilet paper up her nose. More of a jiffy look at you. And he's using all the mobile data, which we need to post the video. It's because I don't feel well, leave me alone. And it's back in there. Leave me alone. How have you put it back in there? I wish I did. I wish I did. We've even got a hot shower, but we paid a little bit, it wasn't hot, was it? No, it was lukewarm. It was a lukewarm shower, but it was warm enough, but now you're milking it, like you've literally got the whole toilet roll next year. Leave me alone now. I'm gonna, I'm gonna Lake Dunham on me, I am. Piano music playing We've made it to where are you? Lake Dunham, as you can see, it's definitely not a sunset, but it's more a rain with the fog. What do you think? I think the fog makes it look quite cool, it's eerie. Yeah, very eerie. But you can see that it sort of dips down and they sort of think that it's to do with the fact that it used to be a crater, which I think is really interesting. So people from Segarda call it Lake Dunham, but people from Besale call it Lake Benal. All gets very confusing, but actually both towns have ownership of the lake, so it's not owned by one town. They actually both own it. Molly thinks she knows these facts. Without this guy, we wouldn't know any of these facts. You have to get, you are the best garden in Segarda. You've got to sell yourself to the vlog. So if you ever hear, you know who to ask for. Not Molly, who thinks she knows everything to do with Segarda. But even though it is very gloomy, like we said, I think it plays off with the scene of Segarda that, like eerie, not knowing all the history, like you can't even see the lake now behind me, which is pretty cool, but I think we're gonna get back in the car now, because it's starting to rain, and we definitely didn't get a sunset. It's where we say goodbye, the best tour guide in Segarda. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. Thank you. We are now gonna try and post our video and then head for food and more importantly, beers with our driver Ben. So if you're asking me now, Mass Ferre, had the same as last night, so I didn't record that. I've just put picked up our salmony glides for us and our driver Ben. So we're gonna go back and enjoy these. So whilst we're waiting for our driver, I thought I'd just explain more about those amazing waterproof shoes that we showed you earlier. So as I mentioned before, they are a leader, adventure trainers, adventure shoes, whatever you want to call them. They are really comfy, they're lightweight, they're waterproof, and they let your feet breathe, which means they drive quickly. So your feet aren't left to be soaking wet. If you've been climbing or whatnot, you can get 15% off by using the code double 15. I'll leave the link in the description and I'll also put the website so you can see all the facts and designs they do as well. And Ben has turned up, Sam, your girl. Just in the next time. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Thanks. Thanks. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. I love our room, it was lovely. Having drinks with Ben, talking stories, finding more about the Philippines, telling him stuff about the UK, we loved it. So gawd that it has been a pleasure. It has come to an end, it hasn't been long enough. If you ever come, it is so, so much to do here. We only scratch the surface, but we loved it. It just makes no sense that this town is here. It's such a small little quiet town with so many activities to do. But we're up very, very early tomorrow. tomorrow we're up at 4.30. We're gonna try again with the rice terraces with hope there is no rain. But yeah if you're new to the channel and you've enjoyed this video if you're new hit that subscribe drop us a like and keep on doubling.