 I'm getting pretty in the morning. Wow, isn't this beautiful? Wow, I'm speechless. We just woke up. It's almost 6 o'clock in the morning right now. But look at that. Look at the sunrise over Manila. It looks like it's out of the movie. Right. It's so big. Simulation. Beautiful in the morning waiting for us to give a docking position. But I'm enjoying all of this. I gotta tell you, we still live above 45 minutes until we actually dock or supposed to actually dock. So, it's fine. No rush. Oh gosh, we look so good. It is so absolutely beautiful. It looks like you have like a fake background. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. This is awesome. Amazing. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. This city looks absolutely unreal from this vantage point. point. Oh my gosh, you don't realize how big it all is until you get right here. So we met probably about a dozen different people here and had conversations during this trip. You get to meet all kinds of people. We found people from Mindanao and of course Ilaweela with that came from America and it was interesting to hear all their different stories and their travels and just their life in general. I was really enjoyable and I think that's what you're going to find on this ship. You come on here, unlike an airplane and you get to sit and have conversations with people and make new friends. Well, we're finally docked and we're here at your, yeah, is it going to say where your roots come from in Tondo? So there you go, Tondo Manila is right here and you can see the giant churches right in the middle of it all. But yeah, all the way across there is Tondo. It was very cool because as they were announcing where we were, they were like we're at the port of Tondo, the center of trade and the Philippines. And I was like, yes we are. That was just so, that was really nice. That was a really nice little tidal, like a little pride moment there. Yeah, I was like, oh yes it is, yes it is. That's a respect on it. So yeah, that's cool. And it's really beautiful this morning. Like I know it's going to be a hot one. But right now before the sun is like fully up in the sky, it is beautiful. So we're enjoying me outside. So when you go down, those stairs, they separate the men and the women. So the women all have to go to one side and the men go to the other. So we got separated because the men go a little faster, I don't know. But women and children go down this one. Yeah, how's your woman only line? It was crazy. Look at this. This is the prettiest luggage I've ever seen in my life. It is pink and sparkly, like intensely sparkly in sunlight. Just wait, just wait. Just watch, just watch, just watch. Okay, ag normal. It is so pretty. Anyways, it was nice. It was very pushy, which I was like, look at the first. Look at the, not the first, the luggage. It's pink and it's, it was a glowing. It was literally glowing up there. And I'm like, I need that purse. Not purse, that's too case in my life. Anyways, there it is. I know, it's all back, I just got her. Yeah, so that was good. That was your line. How was it? Fast. Mine was not fast. That's smooth. What can I say? Mine was not fast and pushy. You're all like pushy and I'm like, so it was good though. It's interesting how they do that. So, to this day, women and children, you go this way. Let's go sometimes children are a little slow to the cake. And the men don't want to wait. I'm just kidding. But that's where we're going to leave this video because we have so much plant here in Midella. We're immediately going to go and see our friend Pauline and go have breakfast with her and store her stuff at her place. So, we're looking forward to a fun trip here in Midella. Thank you for joining us. See you later. And check out to go ships. They're pretty cool. Okay. You know? You know? I have a lot. I have a lot. Wow. Well, hello everybody. Today's episode is going to be special, special when it comes to the food department. Lachon is one of our most favorite foods here in the Philippines. We've eaten it in restaurants, but we have never had street Lachon. More specifically in front of our butcher.