 Hello, good morning, good evening and welcome to Big World Cinema. Without further ado, we'll continue with what you're here for. And now that we're monetized, please don't skip the ads. Thank you. So, don't turn away you've been watching those other idiots. They're telling you you can only leave on $1,000, $15,000 or $2,000 a month. Don't listen to them, you fool. They're talking nonsense. Don't listen to them. No, I'm going to say this only once. No, I'm going to say this only once. Say this only once. You're only supposed to leave on $600 a month. Why? Some people are stupid and don't understand what we're English. Max, me, sorry. Max, me, sorry. No, no, no. It makes me so. No, no. It makes me so angry that your listeners, these other idiots, in this video, I'm going to write down a monthly budget of living in Subo City for less than $600 per month. So, pay attention. I'm going to spell it out in simple copy for you to understand. Subo is a pay attention, I'm going to send the bloody boys round. All right. So, it's 7am Saturday morning. I'm back in my old manor in Subo at Mabolo Garden Flat. I lived here for a year and a half and then went travelling around for the points for the last four months. It's great to be back. I love this spot. I love this condo building and I love this part of living in Subo City which is close to Ayala, close to Laitipark and close to SM City and it's just very convenient for you in the central town. So, it's a good spot to be. For a year I was paying 13,000 pay for it and then when tourists were coming back to the Philippines last February the rent decreased to 15,000. 15,000 pay says which is just over 200 British pounds. It's $250. The rent has now increased. I think it's now, I can get a six month contract, it's probably around 18 to 20,000. Although one of my friends has got an extension for another year. The working guy is extended and he is paying 15,000 pay says 15,000 pay says for a one year contract in this condo building in the central Mabolo. I lived in Subo City for a few years. One of the major factors of staying in one place for so long was being able to save on accommodation costs. I believe wherever you live in the world your biggest out there will be accommodation. If you want to spend $1,000, $1,500 or $2,000 per month then do it. But do you need to hire rise fancy apartment with two bedrooms in at your cruise seat? Here in the Philippines you can live like a local one, one rembording house with a bunk bed and shared bathroom for $1,500 per month. Or you can live in a 22 or 27 square meter self-contained studio room in a condo in Subo. My condo in Subo with swimming pools and small gym ended up costing me just 15,000 pay says a month. Plus an extra 3,000 for electricity, water and internet. Cost of food is the second highest expense. I eat twice a day and drink moderately at the weekend. Are you going to eat 10 July steak six times a day? Or can you survive on a couple of balut with rice? I could live far cheaper eating the Filipino restaurants twice a day where a portion of chicken and obo and rice is 50 pesos. But I prefer cook to be myself at home. I rarely eat out, rarely visit bars or coffee shops. I'm outside to come there all the time but do most of my eating and drinking at home. I don't feel like I'm missing anything, not eating out in a restaurant or sitting at those coffee for a few hours every day watching the girls go around. You may think this sounds like I'm scrimping and missing out but far from it. Let me break this down for you. As you can see accommodation tops the list. It's far cheaper staying in one place and signing a contract for six months or a year. And living outside Sabu City in a smaller town will also be cheaper. The electricity cost basically covers the appliances, laptop, shower and lights. I don't use the aircon at all and in free time it may use a fan. I just leave my windows and door open all the time and with the breeze it's plenty for me. Please bear in mind this list is for one person. You'll need to factoring unexpected expenses. I cracked a tooth eating fried fish and needed a root canal. That cost $360. So I won't be in that again in a hurry. My laptop battery expanded so I needed a new one which cost $50. A motor over smartphone broke but was sent some replacement for $217. The Canon camera I used for YouTube videos stopped working. Repair was $118. It is possible to live on a budget of $600 per month. But just be aware of things that might happen throughout the year that might be out of your control. Don't miss out on quality broadcasting. Please like, share and subscribe to Big World Cinema. Thank you. Which is my favourite spot. By T Park is up here. It's 15 minute walk. It's 10 minute walk into the back entrance of Ayala. There's Landers Superstore here which is a 5 minute walk. Which you have to pay membership to join. I think it's 500 pesos. It's not a lot. It's something very cheap. They do special offers a couple of times a year. I think I paid for 500 pesos. I think for a year's membership. It's expensive. Landers is expensive. I've always walked further to Metro in Ayala. But if there's some things in Landers which are reasonable price, which is good to get there like Mongo beans and beers. A cheaper there. But everything else is pretty expensive. Actually I get my chicken there as well. It's good price on chicken. So this is the view. I just love the view. I love about Kaleigh's bridge over there that opened some tiles. My level last year is going to last year. It goes over to Mac Town over here. So for me this my bowler is the perfect spot. I'm just happy here. I was living in IT Park up there for just over a year. But I do prefer being down here in Macbola. It's only 15 minutes to IT Park anyway. But I like this area here. It's a nice area. And it's very quiet as well. You'd be amazed how quiet it is going up to the roof terrace in the morning and going for a swimmer at 6-7 o'clock in the morning. You're in the center of the city but you can't hear a sound. It's very quiet here. I just kind of have quite a large corner balcony. Or most of the condo units here. They have the AC coming out of the wall taking up the whole of the balcony. So there is no place to put tables and chairs. Which is totally bizarre. Call me Fussy. But that's what happens here. Why put an AC unit on a balcony and make it non-usable when it is such a beautiful space? Anyway, I'm on too much. This is a beautiful balcony and I love sitting out here enjoying the sunset. Which 5-34 was. Not actually the sunset. There should be 6pm when the sun goes down. Because of the buildings here and the mountains, it will go quite soon. Couldn't live without a balcony anymore. I think wherever I live, I'd need to have a balcony. Because it's just a wonderful space. So I can sit here for what I do. I sit here for hours just looking out over to be having my coffee, reading and just relaxing on my balcony. Just a wonderful space. There are not that many places where you can go and sit in the suburb. And enjoy the sunshine. Because Philippine knows don't enjoy the sunshine. They'd rather be indoors in a wall. They'd rather not sit outside. It's only our stupid foreigners that are sitting out in the sun. And they don't cater for us. They don't cater for people who want to sit outside. There is a park. There is the park at foot down here. Where you can sit outside. But there are very few parks and places where you can sit outside and enjoy the sunshine. It might be different how the vary. Well, it is different in other areas. Where I just returned from. There's the library Riverside Wall where you can sit out by the river. There's lots of places there where you can sit out on the Riverside Wall. But it's a bit not so much. I need to go to BGC and Macartheon to check out their Alfresco diners and cafes. And see what they're like. That's for my list. Here at BWC we are a sharing community. So could you kindly keep uncle content by sharing this video with your friends? Thank you. This is ridiculous. This cost $250 per car. What they spend their money on? Food. How much do you spend on food each month? I don't know. I eat out at a restaurant each day. I was cooking for myself. What are these guys on? They must be living in planet Hollywood. Eating Elvis Burgers every day. I can't believe the amount of BS that goes around about budget. I can't budget less than $1,000 a month. This is ridiculous. It is possible to live here on less than $1,000 per month. I'm not many people know that. I'm not a big fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. I'm not a fan of this. If you liked the video, please, could you like, share and subscribe. And don't forget to ding the notification bell to see my videos before your friends. See you on the next video. Take care everyone.