 Our final time in the lounge. Very sad. Guys welcome to the vlog. We're trying to pick up. I want it a soda water. Less us. Want to pick up a quick soda water before we leave here today. Today is a travel day. So today we actually fly to Sabou where we spend I think five hours. And then we get a connecting flight to Manila. Before we leave Ilo Ilo we do need to run a few errands. We need to pick up a few things. So we're off again to SM City Mall. Our favourite mall in Hilo. Is it our favourite or do we prefer festive? I think I like SM. SM. I like my Allah. Yala. My Allah is. I do. I go to a bar for a big company. Yeah I know. I just hit record again on the camera because we're currently having an argument about the best malls in the Philippines. I'm not inviting again. My physics quiz. Metal detector. Oh, a detect metal? I don't know how it works. How is it? It's very nice. Here's my idea how I think it works. I think I'll have to look for some later. I think that it has two opposing magnets. So you have two electrical magnets and they're measuring the force that they're both, the way they're forcing each other. And when a piece of metal goes in there, this value gets changed because you're bringing in a foreign magnetic object. So the value that's on the receiving end of the receiving magnet, it changes. It's less. That's that way it detects metal. You guys seem to be enjoying Mike's physics trivia. We had loads of comments about it. It's a very, very knowledgeable guy. We've come in here today, Nellie needs to pick up some glasses. Speaking of glasses, I've had so many messages about the glasses I was wearing, not these, the glasses, the clear lens glasses I was wearing in my Instagram story yesterday. These are special glasses that I bought in here actually and they block out any blue light. When you use computer screen, so when you use the computer screen for too long or look at your phone for too long, obviously what we do is we do some videos a lot. We're spending a lot of time looking at screens. They block out the damaging blue light to your eyes and they were only ten pounds I think. Nice. Very nice. So whilst we're in the sunglasses shop, I may look for some new ones because these, I don't know if you can see that. These are actually broken. I bought these in Cambodia and I mean they've done okay. They were like, I don't know, three or four pounds. So they've lasted quite well but we're in a shop called, what a shop called Sunny Specs so I might have a look here. This is what you might expect. Yeah, so here. Blue light? Oh wow. Blue light, okay. Yeah. Blue light is, and they're in here so it's really small. Wow. Whoa. Crazy huh? That's amazing. And they're clear. Clear glasses. That one's like a really reflective eye. Your eyes are important guys got a look after them. Don't take them for granted. Same as your teeth, always brush your teeth. We've also been using mouthwash recently. It's nice. Right. And on brush your teeth, twice a day only once. I heard this. I heard this. I brush my teeth in the mornings. Yeah. High quality toothbrush. I've got this tooth paste. Just kind of swushed water under the evening before I got to sleep. There we go. You heard it here first. I'm not brushing my teeth though. And I did have a problem a few years ago where I was like addicted to brushing my teeth. We're trying to find a camera store in here. Mike and I are after the same camera bag right now and Michael also needs a new microphone. Yes. Mike needs a mic. Comment below if we can start a band. And comment below the name of the band. What do you think? Always very serious. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thank you. This is<|th|> Can't believe I am not finished! 3, 4, 7... 3, 2, then, P simples. Here 2! Thank you! I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. Huh? Oh, man, what? Is that da bye man? Nah, you know what. Yes thank you for saving us this shoot. Thanks sir. i'm sorry I didn't say that at all. I'm sorry I didn't say it. Bye bye. Thanks so much. Thanks for saving us this we. I'd love to work out how many cups of coffee we have drank on this road trip. In the whole of January. We filmed every single one. Maybe the people can watch back the videos and can't park when we drank coffee in the video. Someone do that. Like all together. Someone do that. We get four every time we go for coffee and we go for coffee several times per day. There's going to be hundreds of cups of coffee. Thousands of different. Yeah. And then we need to work out percentages because Mike drinks more than everyone else. It's like who had the mic? So. Cheers. Cheers. You guys, someone else has put us a present. It's so kind. From Marianne. Oh wow. It's so good. More butter scott. Mike's going to be so happy. Wow. There's literally so much in here. Oh my gosh. More butter scott. These look good. Mmm. Oh. I know who this is from. I don't know if it suits you but I wanted to give you this because he brought yours and I saw you in SM looking for some glasses. That's so sweet. Oh, thanks so much. Thank you. Mmm. Yum yum. This is good because we've got an airport day today. This is absolutely perfect. So you might not enjoy the new city. Oh, every the whole thing out. It's very long but it's just so sweet. It's saying, um, great. So I've met you. A little treat for you. They subscribed to the duty vlog a few months ago when we had 30 to 40 care. Wow. They said, oh, our family would like to treat you dinner. That's so sweet. I'm sure we'll be back here when we. So we'll be sure to send you a message. That's so kind. Oh, that's so sweet. Well, I'm sorry. I'm just getting this now. We're actually leaving today but that's really kind and I'm sure we'll send you a message when we're back in at Iloelo at some point in the future. Thank you. Just checking out the Marriott. It's been so nice. It's been quite a few nights here and it's been like the perfect base for us to go out and explore the city. Obviously the festival and everything and the staff has just been amazing. Thanks so much. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. You're welcome. Oh, bye, Marriott. Very sadly. Very sadly. Yeah, I'm so sad to be here. Yeah. The lounge is so nice. I'm just starting my insuance so as I'm going to miss this concert. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It's so come on. The only thing that makes the pain bearable is that I know I'm going to one of my favourite places. Oh, no. I was getting excited and we couldn't even do that on the way. You're so hyped about it. Yeah. Good job taking the bear. Don't worry about being a lady on the internet. Wow. I'm already jealous of you. About to board flight one of two today. I'm just going to go. I'm just going to go to my DMs and I've got so many recommendations. Thank you so much for always sending us recommendations and things to do wherever we are. We're allowing you guys to tell us what to do everywhere we go. That is so true. For further information please refer to the passenger briefing card found in your seat pocket. This aircraft is equipped with the room to exit the site to guest Muskelie through the evening with you guys. Bring it to the invisible exit. This will be our port. Coffee stop number two for today. We've all got the same order at the moment at Starbucks and it's very specific. We've got some messages asking us what our coffee order is. I'm going to get Mike to explain it. We always order a flat plate with the best milk and the important part is to have just luke warm milk. That's the best way to order it because usually the milk gets made too hot. When you steam the milk when you make it too hot the proteins create the nice sweetness in the milk. They fall apart and the milk just turns into a bland, bland taste. It's always say like the flu warm, not hot and it will be perfect. Thank you. Bye. Thank you. Bye. We've been at Sabu Airport. How many times is this trip? Like three or four times is this trip? And quite a few times last year. And it seems the only place we go to to eat here is Jolly B. So we ordered. Mike and Jordan's ordering. I'm going. Spicy two-piece chicken joy with rice chips and gravy. I'm starving. Too spicy chicken joy. Just getting a little bit of work done at the airport. The wife's right here is so fast. We're here the other day. We've had a vlog in like five minutes. It's so good. We're super excited to go back to Nellope. We've got a few exciting things happening actually. So we've got a couple of meetings with some people about stuff I can't say about yet. But it's exciting. And then we've got a very fun collaboration happening that we've just been chatting with the person about it all day today. It's just hilarious. It's going to be crazy. And I can't wait to tell you guys more about it soon. Obviously the main thing that's happening while we're in vanilla for us is that we've got our meat up happening. Put this on our Instagram stories already. As a few of you might already know about it. But we're doing a meat up at the at the Aguilar Triangle in Macatham, vanilla on the second. It's actually the second of February at 2pm. So two at 2pm. Nice meeting you, remember. Because we forget everything. So we thought it would make it as simple as possible. And we're really looking forward to meeting those of you guys. So many of you have said on my Instagram to your coming, the message does. Make sure you stay on our Instagram stories that day because if there's any changes in anything at all, there shouldn't be. But if there are, it will be live updates on the Instagram stories. I've also had a few messages recently about how we edit our Instagram photos. And people are asking if we have filters, what we used to edit. And we do have presets. We sell lightroom presets. And there's a link below if you're interested. They're super easy. You can have them further on the iPhone or an Android device or like on a computer either way through the Lightroom app. In the link when you purchase them you get like instructions on how to download them. So don't worry about that. It's super easy. Yes, just below if you want to check it out. Feel free. There's five presets in the pack. And we've had loads of you tagging us. People are bored. They're tagging us in the photos you're using them in. And they look so nice. Like all your beach and holiday photos. And even like 60 photos, they look really cool. Like we love our presets genuinely. It's certainly really proud of. And we're so glad that some of you guys have been enjoying them as well recently. So to point you here is I think five hours. And I think we've got about an hour left to go. So we're just going to wrap up a few more things. And fly to Manela. We don't get there till midnight I think. But I'm so excited because it's so much fun. It's like it's just happening this week. We'll obviously be taking you along every Saturday with us as always. You can be there. This is how we run the ride. They're all finishing the video. Last minute. Non-stop. It's so stressful. Literally been at the set for five hours. It was delayed. And now we're the final ones for the plane. Because we were trying to get the video live. So we're now running for the plane. And everyone's going to hate us because we're making it. We're here now. Hi. Hi. Hi. We just made the flight. We must be set. Yes. So it's gone midnight. We've landed in Manela. The flight was delayed. So we've got here a bit later than expected. It's all go because the plane tonight is literally just to go back to Hoesland. And then we just leave Nelly's laughing because Mike just ran into a pole. Like a whole thing. He's like, oh, you don't even see it. But we need to now get taxi to the hotel. We've all lost the flights. We've all lost it today. We're very tired. So this guy just here, Larise, that kind of is there. He just declined us because we have four pieces of luggage. When it's a very big Toyota and it would easily affect, we had roachy for like two weeks. And we fit this luggage in easily and he had a bigger car than that. And he was like, I don't want to take you. Four people for luggage not happening. So we were to get another grab. So not a great start, but I know. It's don't accept it if you don't want to take it. Oh, well, we've got someone else coming. Hi. Good, how are you? Good, it's good. So for check in. Check in. I know very passports. Yes. So at the U hotels in Manila. And yeah, we wanted to come back to Manila because we haven't seen enough of it. We've got, we have, there's so many places around that we haven't been to. We haven't explored. We haven't seen so many recommendations. But of course we are looking for more. So if you know where we should go to eat in Manila, if there's things we should definitely see here, get in the comments, get in our Instagram DMs and, we're on a little, little hack here. We're not getting as many messages on Facebook as we are on Instagram. So just saying if you want a way to get us to read your messages quicker, Facebook might be, might be an idea. The lift just opened, the guys got out and it's shut. And now we're in the room. Finally in our room, some reason, travel days. No, they really take out of us. They're quite tiring even though you're, even though you're sitting around and not doing a lot for the, for a lot of the day, I guess, I guess that's why they're tiring. We are here at U-Hattles. Our room is actually really nice. It's, it's a good site. It's got a nice desk TV. We'll do a proper juice vlog room tour tomorrow. But for now we'll see you in the next video. So U-Hattles have kindly given us this room for tonight in Manila. So thank you very much to those guys. We will see you in tomorrow's video. Please give this one a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. And if you're new to the channel, please subscribe. It's something like 80, between 70 and 80% of people who watch our videos aren't actually subscribed to the channel, which is totally fine as obviously your choice. But we would really, really appreciate it if you do watch the videos and you're not subscribed to click the little subscribe button. That really, really helps us out. We hope you've been enjoying these videos recently and we will see you tomorrow. Do the thing. Goodnight.