 Hey guys, it's Smith You enjoy the content give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing if you're here So let's get into it. So today I'm going to react to this video March did all To watch love You guys like skateboarding me. I like it very much Actually, I just know boring and I like it better But I also like you know watching skateboarding because you know it's really similar to snowboarding and I can learn something from that And it's exciting and it's really cool, right? Yeah, and this year we had all in big game here in Japan And of course I was watching it and I saw something really surprising something really Moving app in this game, which was did I just play do you guys know about her? Yeah, she's a pretty nice pro skateboarding skateboarder, so yeah, obviously she's a good skateboarder, but you know Unfortunately, she couldn't make it in this game, but you know, I like her you know place I like attitude to the skateboarding Yeah, I think this is what we should focus about her So today I watch Introduction video for Tokyo Olympic game and react to about that. So yeah, let's get into it Skateboarding is like nothing in football games Every time I really see a skateboarder. They're like that. Is that in Philippines? It doesn't really affect me. Yeah, it doesn't matter. I don't feed enough Filipina or a bit of skater, but I mean Yeah, that's great. That's That's great personal. Yeah, I guess do watch a lot It sounds simple, but it's really hard to do right The skateboarding scene when Margie first started we were still Quite a small scene, but it was very tight knit Everyone started each other Obviously, it's a male dominated sport She was the only female skateboarder. Yeah, she's a girl skateboarding would be viewed as rebels Punks No, I took a seriously. Oh, I didn't know that Do you have guys so image for the skateboarding? We have the same image What is someone skating probably 2012 13 now like 12 every Sunday we sell some tempura quick wipe in front of the church There's a lot of Japanese food I'm so curious about it. I wanted to go back and try I No, I'm not Cool, she was just really energetic and loud little kid. She was just okay imagine that's like yo like we're gonna borrow your board Ask for tips We all saw it. We're all like yo, this little girl is really good. I Wish it help route just to keep skating When I write a skateboard I feel that I'm being me It feels natural There's no right and wrong with skateboarding as long as you're enjoying it. That's good. Yeah, that's the way I was sport I guess Oh Let's get a boarding so then they're sports That's so great go I feel like she's so great Like I have with them Just a few months from her starting skateboarding she was already better than half of all boys. Wow Tennis team was thriving despite the lack of support from the government and the lack of facilities Yeah, that's great. She's struggling whether you know in this Condition lots of skateboarding events. That's what I was really surprised. She would join competitions on the boys division and just beat everybody Within a year she was already one of the best skateboarders in Sibu. Oh, she was born in Sibu. I didn't know that wow Now some local sponsors There's no contract before they just like give some freebies and support But like when you get injured and you can skate or represent they stop supporting you Yeah, that's the way to 2014 I have a fracture in my color bone Wow, I didn't compete for like three months or more I was underground skating not completely for a while and then I met my girlfriend One more she saw me like skating and then like what did you stop and should like start over She motivates me to back on track When someone's like showing support that's how I get my inspiration and motivation I was already working as a skateboarding videographer so I would come back and forth to Hong Kong When I go back there people would ask me how's the scene in Sibu and I'm like yo, there's this girl like I would always show her footage Good friend of mine Anthony Clarval got a job to set up a skateboarding team She's gonna make it without him right that girl you were talking about you think should be down to be part of the team. He's good guy for sure I Get what in pass When I know that I could earn some even small amount of money the key to help my friends is skating so Touching no Studying but I stopped because I wanted to help my parents She's doing skater body for her family right well, that's so great Yeah, that's wasn't really proud of Philippines because you know many Children helping their you know families right it really it really happened in Japan we When we are child we can get education We can do sports You know we can do whatever we want for our future But you know you feel it is opposite some children in country with a very harsh condition like you know Working very hard for their family or you know selling your body or something which that's really Sad by it's really what we should proud of Wow See what good the treasure wow Marjit in the dollar returns to the Philippines after skating to a gold medal at the Asian Games Oh Makta Airport She made skateboarding acceptable to the traditional Filipino. It's possible that you could have a career through skateboarding That wasn't a path for me as you fall the skateboard is changing right because I heard what she is now is beyond our dreams, you know She paved the way for everybody Yeah, she has a big effect on children Hoping for they know hoping to be skateboarding skateboarding You You B psychic She's crying收 Guess what's her version of that? She's playing for her right away She's playing for her right? Bye bye So what's her raspberry contour? She's saying she's all getting beautiful She's asking If she's just telling you that From most of the time. You know whatそんなこと? I just want to talk with my friends. They wanted to talk with me, Kển gaan. They've been doing two jobs and one day , for my rich family. She must be on I don't know if I can do well or not I can't do well or not I don't know if I can do well or not Oh I wish I could have a laptop Wow, that's fantastic daughter She's fantastic When I was like kid and I was like gym about having a my own backyard park That's why I asked for that to build this park Sometimes I feel a little pressure but skateboarding is my life This coming Tokyo Olympics is going to be the day me for skateboarding Since we can't travel we built this training facility here in Subu City Before all this were just a bunch of street skaters and now we're like going to represent the country in the biggest stage in sports We want to make sure we did the best we could and then we can do it We saw it We saw how the best play in the game I'm going to skate as long as I can and no matter what my age is skateboarding is the same with life Don't be afraid to fail or to fall I know Someone Come here Do it as long as you're happy and enjoying it That's great Do it in a good way Yeah, I like my lifestyle That's so great You got this Girl power, let's go Oh, so powerful Yeah, I saw her personality in the game as well Yeah, she's really powerful Always powerful What I like about her is her smile She doing skateboarding Looking like Enchon's skateboard so much In the Tokyo Olympics She failed many times But she never showed us that sad face More than that She was smiling Even smiling Yeah, she looked like Enchon's kid I want so much I think she injured in the middle of the game Enchored her one of leg But she never showed us Like She got injured or sad face Although, you must be really hard That's so great Fantastic Actually, after she got injured Her play was getting worse But she never gave up She even showed us She even tried to show us That big ride And fantastic ride until the end And after the game, she was really happy about the winners That's what I was really surprised about That's what I was really proud of For Japanese, that was the great moment We got, you know, gold and the bronze medals That was breakthrough Like, breakthrough we was really happy about Happy about that But, you know, while I was really Was surprised more was, you know Players respecting each other And the Did that was the one in particular I think some of her personality Coming from Filipinos nature Yeah, that's You know Filipinos They are ride Left in really kind of For the Others helping each other That's You know, my image for the Filipinos As so yeah, the dollar She is representing This fantastic personalities And we are so proud of these personalities Coming from Filipinos That's Yeah Great Okay, that's it for today Thank you for watching my video We like it If you do make sure to like, butch, and subscribe please And any comments I've written I really all comments every day So yeah, any comments I've written So Matana Thank you for watching my video