 Listen together shortly. Me too. to I'm sorry for being a bit of mess. I gave my best, but wasn't late. But wasn't late. We talked about this can't forget. I'm saying you and everywhere. And everywhere. Every time we have a baby, but are realistic. I know why you like it baby boy. I'm the missing, I can be like we used to. I know why you like it baby boy. I'm the missing, I can be like we used to. Every time we have a baby, but are realistic. I know why you like it baby boy. I'm the missing, I can be like we used to. I know why you like it baby boy. I'm the missing, I can be like we used to. I know why you like it baby boy. I'm the missing, I can be like we used to. I know why you like it baby boy. Every time we have a baby, but are realistic. I know why you like it baby boy. I'm the missing, I can be like we used to. I know why you like it baby boy. I'm the missing, I can be like we used to. I know why you like it baby boy. I can be like you still, I will still, I will still, I will still, I will still I'm just one and every half of you just a day, but every time I try to move away You're gonna miss me, don't let me love you, but I see you You mean I, I should have let it have to feel this way, but every time I try to move away You're gonna miss me, don't let me love you, but I see you You're gonna miss me, don't let me love you I'm just one and every half of you just a day, but every time I try to move away I'm just one and every half of you just a day, but every time I try to move away I'm just one and every half of you just a day, but every time I try to move away that worries me, to my hate, to my anger Alright I have to put in this $10PI恢morirai Where the start of doing it but a little bit deeper I'll kiss me in right pose Didi of a pretty, decent cute I'm gonna put in hope This would be prairie park nice! Wih! It's an edge towards the can! I'm gonna be a shade, all in just a frame In this room It's all filled, all filled, all filled, all filled, all filled I'm leaving all behind I've got a friend like When you're with me I've got something I don't need I'm gonna go Struck by me only in the light I'll keep saying that I'm with you I'm gonna see I'm so keen and cold I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade I'm gonna be a shade Scrape Eins Scrape Eins Scrape Eins Scrape Eins Scrape eins Scrape Eins Scrape eins Scrape one Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins Scrape eins I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy and happy I'm like– I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I'm going to get a ticket. I don't want it anymore. I don't want it anymore. I don't want it anymore. I don't want it anymore. We have aелиino here. Yeah. We can have some. He's been here. Every dia, chalo, goi up. Every day, day, day we think we full of some goi up but he's good. Oh! I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. So we're going to the beach. Oh, the beach is going to the beach. So I'm going to the beach. You don't even know me like that. On your passport time. Put your mama. Come on, baby. Come a little closer like that. Come on, I love her. Staying up all night. Don't drink back. My baby. Don't drink back. I'm tired. You're too much. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. You're too much. I love you. I love you. I love you. The second I saw you I know this that is me I know this I know this I know this that is me Now we ain't no wanna go back Blaring off the lines been going from Another way pushing get back Been losing my mind like being lost in your Yeah, you're doing some of my plans for the first And you know that it's worth your worth Don't care, your candy is perfect Shake it and I'll slow Something I'll get there This girl This girl Oh girl The second I saw you I know this that is me I know this I know this I know this I know this that is me I'm just saying I know I can't believe it You are my human I'm not playing My mess up and fall apart I'm not a man I'm not a player I'm not a superstar I'm the best I ever seen. I'm the best I ever seen. I'm the best I ever seen. I'm the best I ever seen. I'm the best I ever seen. I'm the best I ever seen. I'm the best I ever seen. I'm the best I ever seen. I'm the best I ever seen. I'm the best I ever seen. I'm the best I ever seen. I'm the best I ever seen. I'm the best I ever seen.