 I don't even know, I don't know. We have the World of Face Mask Wallam scuba diving. It's something I really, really appreciate about the Philippines that people don't make a big fuss about having to go to the face of the face mask because everybody's doing it to protect themselves and their fellow countrymen. Welcome to a brand new edition of What's Up Philippines! Hey guys, I'm Mike. And I'm Ellie. And we're to travel food and lifestyle bloggers based in the beautiful city of Makati. And today we are back with another reaction video recommended by you guys. And by the way, if you want to see us react to a video of your choice, there's a link in the description box down below where you can submit your video for us to react to. Yes. Nelly, what are we reacting to today? OK, we are reacting to a tourism Philippines ad that says, what does it say? Have a safe trip, Pinas. And it's supposed to be the new way of travel. So it's like the new normal of traveling. OK. And I think there's a lot of confusion out there. How things are working out when you travel. There's not just a lot of confusion out there. There's a lot of confusion in here, though. We had a conversation yesterday with our friends saying, what do we do when we go to Burakai? Do we wear the face shield and the face mask on the beach? How does it work? Do we go with the face mask into the water? I don't even know. Do we have to wear a face mask while I'm scuba diving? Well, hopefully we'll find some answers in today's video. All right, very cool. OK, should we? Shall we? Yes, let's jump into this video. But before we do so, we should hit the notification down and subscribe if you're new around here. That is the number one way how you can support us. Also, if you're missing travel vibes, because we're talking about travel. I just wanted to say, yeah. There's a travel playlist on our main channel, making it happen, what you're pop up right here. Lots of amazing travel destinations within the Philippines. Definitely give it a, yeah. And they just said in the last reaction video that if we reach 1 million subscribers on our main channel, she'll eat ballots. So, like we halfway, they are really. We had 500K almost already. Oh, wow. Let's start this video. OK. I really want to make me eat ballots. Here we go. Face masks, face shields. Everybody's saying, say. I like how it says, classic love distance. Yeah. Not social distance. That's good. Is this ballad cone? That's it, like it, right? Oh my god. Oh my god. Nice. OK. Skip board. I want to give that a try. And four. Minus four. OK. So, no face mask, face shield on the beach. No, the water. The way the fish should go to the water, I see. God, that looks so lucky, right? Oh, must be amazing. Draming the beach. Ah, go. Oh, I love the face mask. I have a safe face mask as well. So pretty. Ah. Ah. Ah. Woo! Ah. Ah, are you getting married? Ooh, I'm wearing a wedding. I like that. Aww, a tree that's finished. Aww. Aww, I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. Nice how they're featured, like, everybody in the video. Really, really good. Ah, I love it. So what a great way to kind of teach good practice while traveling, right? Yeah, it's more about the emotions and less about all I have to do with this. You know, I think here in the Philippines, we are well aware that it is normal, meanwhile, to wear a face mask when we go outside and when we travel, we're face shields. It's something I really, really appreciate about the Philippines, that people don't make a bit fuss about having to wear the face shield on face masks, because everybody's doing it to protect themselves and their fellow countrymen. Whereas, in other countries, you see it always kind of an issue and... We used to live in Miami, and we see stories from our friends where people are not wearing face masks at all. They're a huge party. So, I don't know, I'm pretty happy we're here. I'm pretty happy that we got used to these habits of wearing face masks. I think we sanitize our hands on a regular basis with everything. We even have this little thingy where we come home and we just put our phone inside and it just does this-infecting with. Yeah. But also... Is this such a thing like dermatological alcoholism? I don't know. But I also saw the wedding aspect in the new normal. And I saw an Instagram post about how people are actually getting married now under the new normal. And everybody is literally wearing face masks and bright and green have very... There's like a specific niche for that where they have like this super pretty face mask for the wedding dresses and for the wedding gowns. Yeah. So yeah, also cruders to everybody are the people who works in the travel industry and we're the facial. The whole there has so much respect for you guys. Thank you for keeping everybody safe. I know it's not easy, not always easy. I still have to get used to the facial. So I think especially now we need to show gratitude to the frontliners. The everyday frontliners even like waiters, cashiers. Because they have to wear all those protective gear all day long whereas we get to get in our cars and take off the schedule when we're at home. But it's really like a full shift with all the gear must be really, really hard. But I'm also very excited that the travel is slowly coming back to where it was. Well, I'm saying slowly. There's still precautions that you have to take off course. But yeah, we already did a few trips that we enjoyed a lot. Yes, if you'd like to see some of the trips that we've done, there is a playlist over on our main channel making it happen. Live it'll pop up right here. So definitely head over there, subscribe, also hit the notification bell and subscribe here on this channel if you have not done so yet. It's the number one way that you can support us. And with that being said, we'll see you guys next time here on What's Up Philippines. Bye bye. Oh, let us know in the comments down below if you plan on traveling anyway soon. And wait, where are you going? We'll go. To the left. Get back.