 Welcome to BGC! Oh hello! So nice! Oh yes! Have you ever seen these many skyscrapers? I know! I like them! Good morning guys from BGC! So after funny explored the older side and more history class side of Manila, we brought a good BGC that everyone was requesting. So, I'm going to go to the next one. The most modern park. Yes! The Fendi was already looking from the window of the car as she's never seen this many skyscrapers in real life before. But there's a lot of that here in BGC. There's also a lot of size of a window. Here again! Very good! I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. Very good! I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. Are you going to go to the next one? I'm going to go to the next one. Yes! Yes! It seems so shiny. I like this big building. I think it's so shiny as well. It's so cute! We are on the high street now you guys. We have a little problem because I forgot my, all my go-pro batteries in the previous accommodation. So, Jonathan is trying to make the call. So, that's a little bit stressful but since we are in BGC, we need to make Fendi enjoy it and see the best of it. This is the entrance of high street and Fendi likes the big car. You can see the big car. Yes! We are on the high street now. Yes, it's the big car. Look at this. So, update guys, Jonathan, for Jonathan had to go back to our previous accommodation. Which is literally other side of Manila for the go-pro batteries. Meanwhile, we are exploring BGC with Fendi. She's not this thing. Where the fjute goes. It was the same with me when I first came to BGC. I'm like there are so many cuts and they are also healthy and happy. And actually, you guys told us in the comments that it's because BGC or the cuts are fed. They have a vector and feeding points or like the city. It's a face-taking care of the cuts and they are even operated. So, there is one more. Literally cuts everywhere in BGC. They are the happiest, happiest cuts ever. So, that's so cool that this city like takes like a proper care of them. BGC, as Jonathan said, big group of cuts. So, we are taking on another hiking. We look like backpackers. We are literally backpackers right now. And we are going to try to walk to the Venice Grand Canal Mall. Meanwhile, Jonathan is on the way back to our accommodation to the complete difference. And of Manila, we couldn't reach the accommodation. So, we are not even sure if my batteries are there. But we need to save it this battery, you guys, because we only got this one. We can't recover the others. We just like meanwhile enjoying beautiful BGC. I think Fendi likes BGC. Hi, like. Very friendly. Yeah. Oh yeah, see. He is a love organic shop. Fendi likes the cars. BGC is the place where the side road shop is not just displaying food and other nice things, but just casually love organic. And also poor Shashou. And the competition, Porsche. At least you can choose which one you like. I like Lamborghini more. Actually, BGC is an impressive place for us, because we are from Europe. And some people are commenting that maybe Fendi wants to find BGC impressive, but actually in Hungary we don't have skyscrapers. We don't have this kind of city view at all. In Hungary actually, I told you guys before in a BGC, that it's not even allowed to build skyscrapers, because there's a rule in our capital that no building can be taller than the Hungarian parliament. So, buildings like condo buildings like this would never exist in our country. So, let's go to the next section. We have one of the most beautiful buildings in the world, but it's a very beautiful place. We have one skyscrapers in Budapest, but this is one of the most beautiful buildings in the world. So, this kind of city view here in Vanilla is very unique to us. I'm touring Fendi, we are going to the mall, but if we turn the other way around, then that would be the Hungarian Embassy. Just a little representation of our country in the other side of BGC, somewhere over there. One of my favorite buildings of BGC is a unique shape. Yeah, it came to the left of the wall. We are at the mall guys, we made it. We are safe here, Rolish. Oh, again, castan. Oh, oh, it came to the floor, you're the horror movie. This is one of the most popular spots around BGC, where you guys also wanted us to bring Fendi to Vanilla's Grand Canal Mall. And this is why it's called Grand Canal, because it has a canal. The interior of this mall is so cute also, it's not just the Grand Canal area, but inside, look at this ceiling. We are seeing you guys a bit after our city hike and waiting for Jonathan. How was the first look at BGC? You had an account on your internet, right? I'm a fan of Fendi, but it's not that bad. It's like a shop would, safe Iraq. Yeah, it's a good place to go. Yeah, horror of the social is with the flowers, because the park says so beautiful. Flowers that is so well taken care of are favorite part. Here, the actual inside of the mall, there's so many nice plants and this cute little tree decoration. It is not even a show can of any of you, you can't find anything. This is why I like BGC as well, because within the city, it's like the greenest. The area can get so many parks, so many trees, it's so pretty. Yeah, it's actually quite a cute place to come. I'm a family one, I think. I'm a little bit of a little bit of an American, I'm a little bit of a European person, but I don't think that's the best thing. I don't think that's a European person, I don't really care about it. I'm a little bit of a fan of Fendi, but I'm a little bit of a fan of Fendi. It's like everything is flat. Yeah, like I told you guys, it's a very different city skate for us compared to where we are from because even in the capital, no buildings like this, like whatsoever. Even more than Hungary, more than I think, so much. Look at this, look at this, we are just inside in this beautiful area. And then we look outside the glittering like a whole, corner area. Suddenly like super Venice vibes, and it's just one of the many amazing ones in Manila, in Hungary we are not big on walls. In Hungary it's not so big. And she's not having a similar face, so we are going tomorrow. Jonathan just called, I hope that means he's excited. So pretty though, I'm in this place. Hey! Come on in. Ah, here we are. Ah, here we are, daddy. La Mon Calamance, if Fendi is obsession with Calamance, since they once, since she arrived, the first thing she had in Philippine was Calamance is shake, and ever since, she's looking for everything Calamance. So surprised that you suddenly seen Grand Calamance. Ah, Marlboro Beach. I mean my Fendi is just thinking how we see so arriving in that costume, my Fendi is dying in her crop top. I could see her thoughts in a tote bag, a london of her head. Oh my! This is the aesthetics here in Manila, it's just beautiful, like European inspired surroundings, and then random cartoon characters walking us from a back door. It's just empathizing with them that they might feel so. I record this on my nag, nag, super badminton. It's so beautiful. Me and say. Me and say, huh? Not me and say. Me and say, it means like how nice in Hungarian. Not me and say. It means that it's learning his Hungarian. Now our viewers will think that when you say something nice in Hungarian, then you say, Beyonce. I mean it can be. Make sense. I'm happy that you're here. I'm happy that you're here. Yeah, we're the signs. It's like cute little, like all the restaurants have like a cute little marking, but it is, it makes it even cuter. I'm happy that you're here. What is this? I'm happy that you're here. It's so nice. I'm happy that you're here. You're here? Yes. It's fine. Oh, it's fine. It's fun to have me. It's cute. Cute place. So cute. Awesome. I like this is what I like actually, Manila, that again just within one day we started our morning in the city of Manila, Bok through BG. It's a completely different city. It came to Venice Grand Canama, a completely different vibe. Like, within just, like a day or even just within a few hours. You are still in Manila, but you go through so many different spots. Hey, we're in Europe. Yeah. We are in Italy. We should make sure that Italy is... There. Fun is never been to Italy, but been to Manila. I think I see. Yeah. I think so. I'm up there on the restaurant. summons.. It's so delicious. I'm not sure. I think it's a bit too much. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Thank you. You're so cute. Meeting a handsome boy in the Philippines. The first time someone. Already making hearts together. It's okay, I'll have to stop. Good recommendation, you guys. You don't have to go to Venice. You have to come to Manila.