 We like living in provinces, because the pace here is slow. In the last episode, we found a new beach, cooked edible sea shells, and Boryan mama tasted durian for the first time. Today, Boryan mama went for a little walk around the neighborhood. I decided to stay home and tent the plants. A local carabal looking at them curiously. They wanted to pet him, but who knows what he has in mind. These animals are often very friendly, but a headache case where the carabal chased me when I was a child. They walk on and turn down a small street. There is a lot of bamboo growing along the road. Here is a bamboo street. We are already walking about half a kilometer and you can see bamboo with the roots. It's very interesting. There is so much luck, and you can do it. Bamboo grows very fast, like a weed. And you have to be careful if you plant it on your property. What's interesting is that we are going here. Maybe five or ten people are walking around. They said, good morning. Although people don't want to sell anything to us, they just walk by the motorcycle or somewhere else. Or some kind of a montage that doesn't want to do anything to us. Because we are going to a fishing village. People here are very well-educated. But no people in sight. It's very quiet, and only birdsong can be heard. It turns out to be a cemetery. When there is not enough space on the ground, Filipinos build family tombs. Sometimes they grow several stories high. The road lead them to the sea. But there is no beach. There are mangroves growing along the shore. There is only a narrow path, where fishermen take their boats out at high tide. On the way home, they stop to watch Filipinos make concrete hollow blocks. And mix your up cement, sand, and gravel is poured into metal mold and lightly damped. And a few seconds, a new block appears. These blocks are very well-educated. They are very well-educated. They are very well-educated. These blocks are main building materials in the Philippines. They do not need sophisticated or expensive equipment to make them. Even the cement mix is mixed by hand in this mini factory. A sawmill works nearby. The guys cut the boards on a large circular saw. In the Philippines, mainly tropical hardwoods grow. Akasha Falcata, Mahagani, Jimalina. But the most successful wood here is coconut. Coconut ponds have no annual rings, core, or branches, so there are no knots. Coconut is used not only for construction, but also for making furniture. The next day, Ben took Boria to his friend, Askar. He has a small fish farm in his backyard, and he agreed to show it to him. Hello! Nice to meet you too. My name is Boris. Askar, who is that? Who is that? This is the owner of Boria. Is that correct? Yes, it is correct. This is the owner of Boria. Very beautiful. Askar only started this business four months ago. He has built small pools in the backyard under a shed. The fish that spawn, the fingerlings, or baby fish, and the adult fish live separately. Now, only two species of fish are raised here, Colored delapia and catfish. There are about 2,000 of them. Askar expects to harvest at least 800 kilograms. All under water inhabitants need oxygen. In natural bodies of water, algae and other plants saturate the water with oxygen. At a fish farm, the plants are replaced by an air pump. Just like in a home aquarium, only bigger. They feed the fish, special food and a form of pellets. It's special for them. Just for the fish. This is catfish, catfish, Colored delapia. At the meal in Kuyaban, treated us to bananas and banana blossom. I am very happy. In the Philippines, banana blossoms are also edible. We will make lumpia out of them. The banana blossom is also called the banana heart. First, we have to remove the outer tuft petals. There are two fibers. The rows of yellow and fluorescent sets are also edible. But in each of the florets, you need to remove the matchsticks like pistil. This work is long and painstaking. I cut the banana florets into small pieces and washed them several times. We will also need garlic, onions and meat. We will use chicken breast. The onion, garlic and meat need to be fried in a pan. Then put the banana blossom, season with salt and pepper, and putting you to brace until they are soft. After that, they need to be cold down a bit and then wrap them and spring roll wrapper. Now, our lumpia needs to be fried and hot oil. Borya often told that he is very lucky to have me as his wife. Most Filipinos are great wives. I often surprise them with Filipinos. But I am very happy to have them. I am very happy to have them. I am very happy to have them. I often surprise them with Filipinos. They love Filipinos food. The neighbors dog won't let you lie. Now, they are always at their door when I am cooking. In the evening, we went to the beach. The sea air improves mood and reduces depression. Borya and with me, I can be in the sun for a long time and not get red as a tomato. He thinks a sorely skin tone is very beautiful. We have a first-year-old wife who is very busy. I am telling her to go out and get a drink. She is also going to the market where she wanted to go. In the evening, we had an interesting guest, a cute dog I get called. Here, we call it Toko, because it makes a loud clicking sound. Toko, Toko. This harmless little critter feeds on cockroaches, thermites, mosquitoes and spiders. She is lying down in the wall. She can't let her go. I am sorry, but I will not let her go. Tell me who is it, Toko. What do you mean? They are shooting on the phone. Take her and I want to sleep. You have already developed a park. Take care, Toko. Toko, Mom told in our room that you will leave this Toko. No. No? Why? It's a cocoon. I don't feel it. I want it. Mom, what are you doing? She is holding it. I don't want to live with her. Poor thing. They shot you on the street. Good life, unbearable. Boyen died named him Kuzia, like the little house pet from the Russian fairy tale. He can run on walls and ceiling too. We said good night to our new friend. We hope he catches lots of mosquitoes tonight. In the next episode... My first work is here on Somalia. Here are the Philippines.