 Wow, very moving. They are very powerful. Yeah, and I think having a positive outlook and making the best out of the situation that is possible is something very, very powerful. It's been resilient and smiling doesn't mean you ignore what's happening. It means you keep a positive outlook on life. What's up Philippines? Welcome to another reaction video guys. I'm Mike. And I'm Nelly. We do travel, lifestyle and food blog is based in this beautiful city of Makati here in Philippines. We've been living here for one and a half years. And if you want to check out our channel making it happen vlog which contains almost 1000 videos, which is insane. Check out the link right here. Nelly, what are we reacting to today? Today we are reacting to the reason behind Filipino smiles. I think it's a sad one. But it's highly requested, right? It's highly requested because something that I really appreciate about the Philippines is when I go outside I see people smiling a lot. Everybody is sharing good vibes smile with everybody around them. So that is one of the things that we love about the Philippines. And we know that Philippines has gone through a lot in the past. And that's one thing that made the Philippines very resilient. So yeah, I think today's video is going to bring a few things to our attention or maybe also to your attention. So let's jump in straight to it. But before we jump into this video guys, we are very close to hitting 100K on this channel. So do us a favor, hit that subscribe button right now. Also, on my Instagram account making it happen vlog and very close to hitting 100K. Once I hit 100K I'll be performing a song in Tagalog with my guitar. Signing Nelly will help me. So definitely head over to Instagram.com making it happen vlog and while you leave, also give Nelly a follow. Yes, for me. Alright, shall we? Yeah. Okay. Yes, now we have audio. Tell me how. Tell me why. The reason behind Filipino smiles. This is all sorry as a nation. One nation beaten by so many storms. Very true. Crazy. I think that was international in the media. I think Casey Neistat came to the Philippines on the day of the day. Yeah. It's crazy how many earthquakes we already experienced in the Philippines. But we always bounce back. And with the warmest hugs we find. Ah.謫 Hell. To help. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And bend the strength of the two small. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh. Lovely message. Very lovely. Wow. Very moving. Very powerful. Yeah. So, I saw a statement of an influenza here in the Philippines who said we should stop romanticizing the Filipino resilience. stop romanticizing the Filipino resilience and I think we should not stop because we all have been through something in our life. Either it's something that is considered, that has to do with our health, financial problems, losing your home like I did. And I think having a positive outlook and making the best out of the situation that is possible is something very, very powerful. Yeah, and I think it's just something that you should start. Being resilient and smiling doesn't mean you ignore what's happening, it means you keep a positive outlook on life and that never can be something negative. And there's also a saying that says the ones who smile the most have the biggest scars. So yeah, it's just, you know, having a positive outlook on life is what can make you happier overall and just being thankful for what you have. But yeah, very, very good video. Some sit up what we have learned in the past about the Philippines, what also people commented on our videos a lot and you know, just shared with us. Yeah. Wow. Cool guys, if you enjoyed this video be sure to give it a thumbs up, subscribe if you knew and turn on the notifications. Yes. And we'll see you guys next time on what's up, Philippines. Keep smiling. Keep smiling.