 Alright, so I was asked to react to a Filipino man who sang to his wife at a funeral. And to be honest with you guys, I am a little apprehensive to react to this because I feel like it's going to be extremely emotional and I don't know if I'm ready for it. I was told that he will be singing, how do you heal a broken heart by Chris Walker? I hope that you guys are ready for it but because you are here with me, I will do it. Okay, I think we can do it. If you are new to the channel, welcome. Madigayang Pakwa Baleksa Akhin Channel. My name is Ovela. I am a sound engineer, beat maker and content creator on YouTube. I would really appreciate it if you would subscribe to the channel and smash that like button because it is free after all. And make sure to follow me on Instagram at MusicGameNews because that is where you can DM your suggestions just like this one to be honest. And without further ado, let's jump right into it. From the sweet chiller way more. Oh my God, this is giving me chills. You have no idea. Wow, considering the circumstances and this situation, this dude is singing extremely well. How can you find it in your heart to sing this well? You know, at your wife's funeral, I mean the courage that you have to muster, you know what I'm saying? And he has a beautiful textured voice as well. And I feel like he chose the perfect song, man. How do you heal a broken heart? And just listen to the lyrics, man. It's heartbreaking. Wow, this is so sad. I swear to God, if I hear his voice crack because of his sadness, I will crumble, man, just a little over, I know, God knows. I am impressed. This whole situation is heartbreaking, beautiful, bizarre, because to be honest, I was not expecting him to be this good. He is singing it beautifully and you can sense the emotion in his delivery. Although I have one question. Why is he dressed that way? Isn't he supposed to be dressed in a tuxedo or something entirely in black? You know, at a funeral? At his wife's funeral? That's a little confusing. Wow! Dude! Okay, I just remembered who he reminds me of, like vocally, like texturwise. It's Chakrakhan, the formidable Indonesian singer. This is beautiful. With that beautiful brothel. This is incredible. The dude is delivering a concert for his deceased wife. What a beautiful send-off. Dude, you're amazing. Seriously, you're amazing. Oh my god. I don't know why, but every time he touches the... What do you call it? You know, where you put the body? The coffin, I guess? It just does something to me. That's exactly where I feel like I'm... Oh, it's super sad, you know? I think that's another term for it. You are incredible. He's saying beautifully. This is so freaking sad, but at the same time so beautiful. I mean, he's saying perfectly to a picture of his wife. If this does not prove to you how pure and kind a Filipino heart is, but also how much they love singing, I don't know what will. I don't know what will. Dude, man, you poured your heart out in front of the entire world now because this video is on the internet. This proof of love towards your wife, your deceased wife, is just priceless. It's pure. Oh my gosh. This actually gives hope to people, you know, that true love does exist. Like to me, this really does represent true love. I'm also thankful that his voice didn't crack because I wouldn't have been able to finish the reaction seriously. He's saying it beautifully. And even if he hadn't, I would have still finished the reaction and I would not have judged it based on technicalities because of the circumstances, you know what I'm saying? But dude actually saying it's so freaking well. Let me know in the comment section below your thoughts when you watched the video for the first time. How did you feel? You know? Marame Maramex Salam al-Mahdbuh. And of course, if you found value in this video, do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.