 It's so crispy Wow Wow Our P9, the P9 decided to eat your hands With hands of it even more tasty Yeah Hello my dear friends, welcome to my channel We are on my kitchen right now And I'm going to cook today crispy pata I never cook before I prepared everything already Look I bought a pork leg There was not like with extension Only like that but I hope it will be okay like this I have a lot of garlic I have onions When I was cooking a pork adobo Someone broke me in a call in the comments Please cook next crispy pata And then I remembered when the crispy pata is like Very crispy, deep fried pork leg And I started to watch small TikTok videos How people cook it And I sense that moment is craving about this So I washed it already And first we need the Just the cookie just to boil it And I will boil it 50 minutes I guess I'll have one I thought this part would be enough But now it looks like it's too small For this kitchen like I put pepper on my crispy pata And also some bay leaves I don't know why but then in recipe Some guy one guy in a YouTube he put Winnegaer So I will not put Winnegaer as well Of course it's not It's not coconut winnegaer But it is very tasty And of course salt You want to see video what encourage me to cook this Wait I will show you On my phone So when I saw this video part It's so much to cook that I hope I will be able to cook something similar If not the same No I can't imagine where I will fry that Because it's really huge And I don't have such big pots But maybe I will I can do it Okay as long this is cooking I want to tell you something I have a good news Good news for me So soon coming my birthday It will be December 27 Do you know what will happen on this day My family from Latvia come to visit me Can you imagine I am so happy Because I am here absolutely alone Just me and my children I am starting to get crazy here I guess Really Actually for one side I am thinking that I even don't want Some people are around me But from other side I understand that We are Social creatures And to be always a lot is like A little good to from mental health Yeah So my family is coming It will be my sister with your husband They children and my mom And that will stay to work Yeah So I hope everything will stay as it As it's planned that nothing happens And everything works So I already thinking what will I cook for them Because they are my birthday And I thinking what Can I prepare for the table Because they are coming exactly December 27 Not earlier Exactly on my birthday in the evening And December 26th is birthday of my sister So there will be on the way when it's your birthday So guys if you have any ideas what can I cook What can I prepare for them Because when I was in Latvia I cooked nothing I just take care of myself And have a rest after the Philippines So I cooked nothing They did not try any Philippine food And now I think I should cook something for them for the Filipino So guys if you have any recommendations What is good for celebration Because it will be my birthday I think maybe if this crispy butter will be good That will be really good Like if I eat it It's amazing Maybe I will prepare this So I'm not sure now I'm not sure 45 minutes are gone Not 50, not hour I guess it's already ready No Why is the oven I don't know how to I'm going to put it out No, no, no I will know, oh no I don't know how to put it I will take this Yay Guys, hope you're looking at it already And this soup was left after it's too tasty But they will eat it later with rice It's like soup now It's like soup now It's like soup now It's like soup It's like soup It's like soup It's like soup It's like soup It's like soup now What are you doing now? I need salt Salt If you want to get some good salt You want some tasty? Yeah I want to try it We need some patience I will cook rice now and And we need to fry this Or fry chicken Fry Fry Pork leg Then you get enough water It's enough It will be too salty Then you get enough It's enough It's enough It's enough It's enough I'm washing rice Yeah That's how one Filipina woman teaches me to cook rice Because before we first boiled water And only after To try that And she teaches me Wash first very good And then just put the cooket And then just put the cooket And then just put the cooket And then just put the cooket And then just put the cooket I hope that much will be enough Oil Or maybe we need more Make that You know guys I just washed my hair So I decided I will So I will put something on my hair or I will be smelling tomorrow like crispy butter. If I fry here I need to hide and protect my hair. From my auntie in Ukraine she has cows and when she goes to them in the house where they live she always cover her hair or otherwise it immediately smells. Will it look good? Okay. It is so heavy. It is so heavy. Guys, look how we are doing. I don't know if it is normally unknown. It looks kind of aggressive. Crispy butter is almost ready so I decided to make the sauce. The vinegar sauce is garlic and onions. So vinegar. I don't have chili but I don't like any spicy sauce. No chili. But we will have some sauce. Some sauce. It is so crispy. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. This oil goes in my face so I am kind of scared now. I am not going to protect myself from the oil. Lemon juice I forgot but I need to put them. In the Philippines we used to put the calamansi but we don't have the calamansi. Lemon is also good. I guess our crispy butter is ready. Wow. I want it to be dry. Are you also so excited? With the sauce. Yeah. With the fried. It is tasty. Okay. Our crispy butter is ready. I am going to eat it first. Okay. So, what is your taste? What is your taste? I am going to taste it. What is your taste? I am going to taste it first. Okay. So that is our crispy butter. Look how beautiful it looks like. And how? This is our... How crispy it is. It is our sauce. And our rice. And I will try it first. It is tasty. I guess I need sauce. And the rice. It is tasty. I guess I need sauce. And the rice. If you have a crunchy, it is warm. I will try it. That is amazing. Why I never cooked it before? I want it to try. No. I will try. Rice. Okay. You like it? Really? Okay. Now, don't make it dry. It is still hot here. It is okay? Rice. No taste. Okay guys, thank you for being with us. We are going to enjoy our food now. Wish you good night. Good night. Good day. Good day. Our P9, the P9 decided to eat your hands. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Your hands are given more taste. Mom. Mom.