 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Fest and this is the commodity and today we are reacting to 10 things You didn't know about the Philippines and let's rephrase that it's actually 10 things. We don't know about the Philippines Before we happen to the video, we do want to address something. We've gotten a few comments about a term a term called penoybating I didn't know what that term was until I researched it urban dictionary says that it's I guess to sum it up over exaggerating Filipino videos in I guess a reaction video style to gain more viewers and subscribers I do want to say that that is incorrect We've been doing Malaysia primarily Malaysia then Recommended Indonesia then Indonesia and Malaysia recommended Singapore and now we've been recommended the Philippines so and To be perfectly upfront and honest, yes, we are doing this to make money and we've been very blunt and very open about that especially before we even got monetized right I mean obviously everybody's goal on YouTube is to get monetized and make money with us Personally, we're doing this channel because we want to actually travel to these places We want to film these places in person And the best way to start is to start talking about them. Yeah, and learning about them because we don't I mean Yeah, we would be more than ecstatic to be able to just like in the climate that we live in right now It's just not an opportunity to just up and travel anywhere right because of pandemic situations. However Like so we started with Malaysia and we were very blunt and very honest Upfront and when we did get monetized people were like congratulations. We saw the ads Yeah, you know, and it felt really good because they had our back right and that's the thing with Asian culture that we Love the most is the friends that we've made. Yeah. Oh, we got really good friends that we stay in contact with Basically on a very personal level. Yeah, so to to assume Penoivating, you know, assuming is the lowest form of education So to assume that we're Penoivating that's that's disappointing and we hope you guys don't think that's what we're doing Not to be fair. We understand it's the smaller percentage right It's it's the least it's the smallest percentage. Yeah, but for the people that think that we're doing that We promise you we are not but yes We are doing this to make money because we already have serious plans to go to Malaysia Our hopes is to have another plan to go to Indonesia and the Philippines and Singapore and Vietnam and You know Cambodia and whatever else there is because we do agree That Southeast Asia doesn't get enough recognition right because to be perfectly honest until we were suggested and we were the ones that were pulled in To Malaysia and Southeast Asia. Yeah, we didn't find it. It was it y'all found us and it's requested So it's and we were so and it's been a huge blessing that we have found y'all. Yes 100% we truly enjoy making these videos. We truly enjoy learning about the culture so With that being said My life hop in let's hop in In this week's mixed list we check out 10 things you may not know about the Philippines Number one the Philippines is the only country where you'll find the jeepney a descendant of the US military jeeps left over from World War 2 The jeepney had or went certain modifications to suit environmental conditions and accommodate more passengers Eventually making it one of the most affordable and common forms of public transport in the country. So are those super common That's so awesome. I've never said this Those are dope. Yeah, I know these are the least Like sought like these are like if you put this back to stock And you brought it over to the US you would make so much money Because these are the willies jeeps This one is like a later 80s model people don't really go for these because they still have the leaf spring but for no reason They like actually took a step back in time But no this one right here with the round headlights this thing Is money when you bring it here. Yeah, but yeah, is this calm is this that common because That's kind of cool. That's very cool jeeps are also known for their colorful and kitschy decorations which have super Mexican style. Yeah Culture Number two the Philippines has approximately 180 languages one of which fuels one of the most profitable industries in the country Most of these 180 languages are set to be indigenous eight are major dialects spoken by a majority of Filipinos and two official ones Namely Filipino or the standardized language spoken almost all throughout the country and English Which is taught in schools at an early age So what I heard about the English language in the Philippines is it's primarily used in school and In work situations and things like that but not primarily used in just your day-to-day conversation with families Yeah, I've heard so many different situations like they're like and because a lot of these videos we watch make very Generalized statements like the the female statement in one of our videos. They were like females don't talk to foreigners however, it seems like people have agreed generally speaking But they are like it's not for the reasons I think it's more like they're very specific like I'll be honest We're both salespeople so we are the type of people that just randomly walk up to random people Have conversations So I hope if we walk up to a girl we can kind of break them out of their Comfort zone, yeah, which is always a thing for me. I've always like trying to get out of my comfort zone Like we went out last night, which is very out of my comfort zone like going to bars I'm not a bar person. I don't drink alcohol Not because I don't like it's because I don't like it. I don't disagree with it So it's always about trying to push the envelope of your comfort zone right, you know So since both Filipinos have quite a good grasp on the English language call centers have flourished in the country providing thousands of jobs With an estimated profit of $25 billion in 2016 alone Number three the position of the Philippine flag conveys a message of peace or war Elements of the Philippine flag symbolize traits and qualities Filipinos possess or strive to achieve Combine this with a proper way the flag is American way As to what the state of the country is Canging horizontally if the blue stripe is on top the country is in state of peace if the red stripe is on top However, the country is in a state of war Really? Stripe is on the left side of the observer's point of view than the nation is at peace But if the red stripe is on the left side then the bullpen is never more I would neither Religious festivals very serious isn't that the same concept as if we it's like distress like if the US flag is upside down It means that we're in distress or something I don't know that's the first I've heard of Philippine flag yeah, I mean, it's not disrespectful oddly enough. It means that I believe it means that like we are either at war or we're in distress. Yeah, or there's there's something going on It's bad. Yeah, but it's not like a it's not like a anti American thing so like right However, you don't work change the color locations like Like that like I'd be like some looks off about that Well, technically they're not change. It's just really they're just flipping upside down. That's what I'm saying Well, yeah, yeah, right and out my stupid brain would be like That's backwards some is different Even if it's our flag I'd be like pretty sure the stars go on the other side. Yeah, so Previously having been under Spanish rule for over 300 years the Philippines is 90% predominantly Christian Majority of which is Roman Catholic and were traditionally taught to honor God and other holy figures during glitches festivals Some of these festivals however tend to be a bit extreme depending on ones willing this to show his or her devotion Such as the feast of a black Nazarene during January and the passion play or reenactment of Jesus' crucifixion during holy week Number five, so we actually had this discussion a minute ago We had a comment because I was telling it and one of our last videos I had said that I never truly learned about Islam and all those in a lot of other religions um and some of the comments were like how do you not learn about these in school? And it was a fill and I mean I don't know how Close Y'all's laws are to ours like we don't teach religion in our public schools and Made in reason yeah the main reason is because we have Cultures and religions from all over the world and the United States hasn't believed in Now I will admit that they are actually like you know the the Constitution was designed behind Kind of behind religion. Yeah, it was but I mean the way The United States public school system looks at it as is if we teach Christianity since it's technically with the most of fun yet If we if we teach that in schools then we're leaving out all of the Other religions and that's not fair and and it's not right because and So now we're leaving out Muslim that we teach Islam then we're leaving out Buddhist and and Hindi and all these other religions and there's actually like over 600 religions practiced in the US so we don't We're not allowed to teach it. I mean you can go to a private Christian High school middle school and all those kind of things and they're they're allowed to because they're not taking money from the federal government right now Things like in our pledge therefore a while. I don't think it's there anymore. It was under God You know, but that was added during the Cold War for whatever reason before that it wasn't under God right But yes our constitution was written by people that believed that that you know, they were religious I believe they were Christians however they also had slaves and all these other things so Now I think we're trying to become more aware of our situation, but generally speaking religion is kept out of any public schools For the main reason of keeping up with these religions Even public universities unless you're taking a specific class to learn about Because you do have religious universities like bail or university or Texas Christian University or TCU Southern Methodist University, but if you go to like university of Texas, it's kind of not the same right so Just a little information Speaking of religious festivals the Philippines is known and prides itself for having the longest celebration of Christmas in the world Hmm As a Christian and the fact that I just love Christmas movies I'm down for that yeah, do you all do a lot of Christmas movies? Do y'all what I don't know if y'all do a lot of filming on y'all's own stuff but like What is your favorite Christmas movie? Santa Claus or Really Santa Claus with what's his face? I like uh You're gonna shoot your eye out kid Christmas story a Christmas story yeah my two favorite are number one is elf mm-hmm you sit on a throne of lies and white Christmas. I'm a huge like Rat Pack fan and Bing Crosby and a lot of singing. I love it so We'll be in starts in since I'm gonna have some light on the radio and some We'll be in a start decorating with Christmas ornaments such as giant lanterns or puddles Then the facilities typically last until the first week of January all the feast day of the three kings The season culminates and was known as Simmunga B or Night Mass where Catholics attend nine masses leading up to Christmas Eve Then afterwards people partake in the Christmas feast or notch of whenna No, six basket ball is the most popular sport night in the Philippines Most Filipinos love basket ball. It's become a national obsession whether it's watching the NBA or the country's very own PVA people tend to stop what they're doing and enjoy the game with such ferocity and passion That's cool the passion for basket ball. I'm not much of a basket ball. I love basketball As the sport is a popular pastime along Filipinos with courts and I'll be right back One eternity later. Oh my god This is too much. Yeah I have to represent And makeshift courts scattered along streets and organized tournaments that pitney were hotteens against each other and local basket ball leagues This is so uncomfortable. It looks so comfortable. It's pretty tight. It is tight. It's a round-spriss karaoke machine. It's dope too And was made by Japanese inventor and musician Daisuki Inoue in 1971 in Kobe, Japan But it was Filipino inventor Roberto Del Rosario who was granted a patit for the machine karaoke sing-along system which he invented in 1975 So that's why it's so popular there. Yeah, and I'm a huge fit. So I love acapella and they have there so I watch several acapella There's a there used to be a competition show kind of like the Like the voice kind of thing. I forget what it's called But that's what made it several acapella groups really famous But they have a Filipino group called the Philharmonics And I absolutely love the Philharmonics. They are phenomenal. Oh, they're so talented A quickly spread throughout the Philippines making it not only a popular time But also a form of entertainment and has permeated even Philippine pop culture Number eight the antibiotic erythromycin was discovered by a Filipino doctor In 1949 Filipino doctor Abelago Aguilar was the one Don't know that entire area which would eventually lead to development of erythromycin An anti-biotic use to treat upper respiratory tract and skin interactions Like an alternative to pit of cellin. Yeah, it's a rithra amycin. Oh, I've heard of that Remycin an antibiotic use to treat upper respiratory tract and skin infections Unfortunately, Dr. Aguilar was never compensated before step in 1993 Yeah, he asked in order to set up a foundation for four people to gain access to health services. That's awesome though Number nine the Philippines is one of the countries most frequently hit by natural disasters There are two systems that make the Philippines prone to natural disasters The first one is the Pacific Ring of Fire an area where a large number of quates and volcanic eruptions occur And the typhoon belts in the Pacific which means an average of 20 typhoons are most likely to hit the nation Five of which are potentially destructive Assigned in these two systems the country's location and geographical makeup also Inculverable to tsunamis sea level rising storm surges landslide flooding and drought Now it's the oldest university to be fair. We can kind of relate. I mean we don't have typhoons per se but we have hurricanes We have tornadoes. We have earthquakes We have I mean it sucks wildfires wild yeah those while however like it's crazy because those wildfires are actually needed Yeah, because it lots of trees actually grow from wildfires. They have controlled burns to burn down trees and it causes Better growth. Yeah, it's a weird concept to me, but I trust my scientists in our country So but yeah, now we understand it sucks. It sucks so bad it devastates Entire groups of people kills families members and families Unfortunately, so we can kind of relate We are a lot like the Philippines. Mm-hmm like realistically We we're the majority religious ever religion here is Christian and probably Catholic is up there Um, we have a lot of natural disaster Uh, we learn English Uh, and We have Latin a lot of Latin culture so do they Democratic system democratic system. Yeah, I mean a lot of it I can be found in a Philippine capital of Manila The University of Sanctetomas in the city of Manila is said to be the oldest existing university in Asia Being founded by the Dominicans in 1611 and it's the largest Catholic university in the world in single-capac In terms of student population. I bet you that's older than any university. She is yeah Contested with the University of San Carlos in civil claiming to be the oldest school in Asia Having been established by the Spanish Jesuits in 1595 initially Aculeio the son Ildipon so 1595 Yeah, well, I mean it's insane. What is the what is the oldest university here? Let's see here. Oh I do know it's a oldest I've looked this up before Harvard University 1636 chartered in 1650. Who would have funk? Who would have funk it That's crazy old. Yeah, I know the oldest university in Texas Baylor University were my dad graduated from yeah, and it's uh It was crazy. It was actually became a university before Texas was part of the United States It was Texas was its own republic And like the only reason I know my dad had a mug that from from Baylor and it said accredited by The Republic of Texas. Hmm. So it's the oldest university in the state. Yeah. This was super informative. Uh, I think my He just came at me. I think my favorite. It's not me bra. The coolest part I think is the Jimneys the Jeepneys. Yeah, the Jeepneys are dope Um But yeah, I know it was super informative. Yeah, every it's so crazy It's so crazy because the last video that we watched and I pointed out the Jeep the the Toyota's Like if y'all brought those here you would be Making some major dough because Those toyotas that are like uh, they're the Jeep style like the F FJ or F-serie or whatever they are. Mm-hmm. Those will sell for like 80 $90,000 right here if they're fully uh Like refurbished that stuff. So I sell for a lot and I regret switching into this It's super itchy super tight and I still have I've never worn this as gift like five years ago And I still have the the things on it and they're extra large like how big am I So you got anything else we want to add? All right guys with that being said my name's Miles. Oh my name is fast Thanks for watching guys peace out and I'm changing