 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today we're reacting to Palawan voted best island in the world, Philippines. Here's why. I'm kind of curious. So is this like an actual, like it was actually voted and was, you know what I'm saying? Like was it actually selected as the number one or is it just like, I think this is the best place in the world? Yeah. Right. So obviously you guys know that we could Google that answer. But that's our way to communicate with you guys in the comments. So let us know down below if this was really voted the best island in the world. Also, while you're in the comments section, go ahead and scroll back up. Click a like on this video, click subscribe if you want to see our future content. And if you want to help support the channel a little more, you can click that join button. So let's go ahead and check out Palawan Island. Palawan. Well, it's number one island. So just, we have already seen this island. I don't think I have. Yeah, because we saw the houses along the side of it. Oh, we have. Yeah. We have seen this island. And we complimented it the first time. Yeah. Wow. See, I cannot wait to do stuff like that. Yeah. With a big sand bar. Yes. You know how much people would spend on the wood that you're sitting on the side? Oh, I know. Here in the US, like we'd spend so much money on that wood. That is so gorgeous. Yeah. I definitely get it. I mean, I'm not the one that's making, because I've never been there. And I haven't been to a whole lot of islands if I'm being real. So for me to make an assumption of which islands are the best. But let's definitely check off all the lists on my, maybe a little more jungle feel that I would want personally. Yeah. But beyond that, I think it's beautiful. Yeah, I feel like, you know, obviously, I mean, not obviously, this looks really thick. I know that guy was walking through some of it earlier, but I feel like he might have been walking through some of the thinner parts of it. This looks really thick to walk through. It might not be. It might just look that way on camera. I do like the shade though. You know, if you're out spending an entire day on the island, you're going to want to be under the shade at some point. Yeah. Oh, 100%. Yeah. You'll get dry. Yeah. I don't care how that works. But that's dope. Do you imagine living in one of those houses? I don't think I would like that. Like, I think I would like it for the first little bit. Yeah, from jumping places. So the island of Paloan has just been voted the best island in the world by the famous travel magazine called Travel and Leisure. And just by coincidence, we have actually been on the island of Paloan the last four months during this whole coronavirus crisis. So we decided to make a video on why we agreed that Paloan is the best island in the world. So we're going to start off with the most famous location, which is El Nido. El Nido is famous for its limestone cliffs and islands. That is gorgeous. And the most popular activity to do here is the island hoppings. So this is much bigger island than I thought it was. Yeah, we do hope because there's so much to see. So there's multiple different island hoppings tours that will take you to different locations, different islands and different beaches. The islands are literally some of the most mind-blowing places in the world. Some of the best nature that you will ever see. It's beautiful for sure. Yeah, for sure. It shades of blue in the water. Amazing snorkeling. You can do kayaking in the Big Lagoon and the Small Lagoon, which are two very famous places on social media. Many of the beaches on the islands are also included in the top lists of best beaches in the world, like the famous Hidden Beach, which we also don't want you to go to. So my friend Mauricio just got back from Hawaii. And he went snorkeling and he ended up getting to dive with sharks like in an actual cage. And it was super dope. He took videos of it. It's on his Facebook. But it was awesome. See, I like the seclusion. See, I do too. Maybe not that secluded though. Like I would rather be able to walk to it and not have to rely on boats or whatever. Right. But at the same time, if you're on a small island though, you're going to have to rely on boats anyway. That's very true. But that looks very like awesome. The only downfall is, you know, like if you're, you really got to plant that trip out. Yeah, even if it's just a day trip or whatever, you got to be ready for food. And you know, there's not a whole lot of cover over here. So you better bring something. Right. So. And those are moving. Yeah. I didn't know how fast those things actually. And you also have amazing England beaches. The most famous one is Nakhpun. And he has White Sand and super clear tourcoids. Oh, it's like a swimming pool. Yeah. And it's called Las Cabanas or Vanilla Beach. From the mainland, you already have amazing views of the Doigants and have some islands. So gorgeous. Besides the beaches and islands, there's also some options of things to do in England. Wow. You can also visit all the islands. I would do that. Yeah, I would be there. There are many amazing things to see. It's one of the best feelings of laying under a water fog with that water. It especially becomes from a natural spring. Yeah. The island of Koran, which is north of El Nido. It has similar scenery to El Nido, but is slightly different. You still get the limestone cliffs and the islands and different beaches. The island of Koran has many lagoon and lakes within the island that have underground connections to the sea. The most famous ones are going on. Oh, okay. And in Lake and Twin Lake. Awesome. Koran is also extremely popular for snorkeling and diving. As there are, it doesn't sunken Japanese wash-ups from the lake. Thank you guys for this recommendation. And also, yeah. It's amazing. It's amazing marine life to be seen. Just like El Nido, you'll see so many different shades of blue in the water, so many coral reefs. And it's hard to choose which one is the best. That is super cool. Yeah. So when we went to the Bahamas, the first one. So when we went to the Bahamas, they had like an area kind of like that. I mean, the Bahamas is beautiful. Right. I mean, they got the white sandy beaches and all that kind of stuff. But the areas that we went to, because we went on a cruise. Some of it was more forward. They were trying to develop a reef. Right. But so they sunk a bunch of boats and stuff. Yeah. So it was really kind of cool, because it was deep enough to where your ears would have to pop. But you could hold your breath long enough and you can go between all the boats and stuff. Yeah. I was so cool. Like, that's what I'm thinking of. I'm like, that feels like it's a little bit deeper there. Right. But at the same time, it looks so cool. So gorgeous. Like that super light blue. Yeah. Another incredible place of Palauan is the Puerto Rican. Puerto Rican. The underground river. It is one of the world's most impressive cave systems. And it has been listed as the UNESCO World Heritage Site. Oh. It's a very popular attraction in the region of the... That would be really cool. And it's one of the longest underground rivers in the world, which also features limestone cliffs and mangrove forests. I'm just trying to sleep. Grown-ups. Besides the popular islands of El Nido and Karan, Palauan still has many other islands near the mainland. Some island hoppinsors that we have done is in Hondave, Impuerta, Princeza, and also another island hoppinto in Port Barton. Both of these places don't have the limestone islands, which is why they're not as popular, but they're still really incredible islands. They both have beautiful beaches and... I don't have an issue with it, but that looks so amazing. No, it looks amazing, so I think the limestone part of it is more for the scenery. Oh, I got you. I got you. Yeah, I think that... It just gives a different feel. I mean, you're not just on a beach. You're on a beach with these mountain limestone. I'm good with this. Yeah. That looks awesome. That looks perfect. Yeah. I can't wait to swim with the fishies. And they just want to like, explore her. And... It sounds so wrong. Oh, like, you know what I mean. I know exactly what you mean. Because she's... different. Yeah, she's not fish. Look at all those stars fish. Is that... That's called a, like, a chocolate starfish, or a... It's something like that, I think. I don't even want to make up. I have no clue. They're getting like, you're stupid. That's how it's called. That's a... authentic experience as it's not a starfish. It's more like a local beach village, fishing village. That's cool. And Kalawan has many villages on beaches, just like Fort Barton. Besides all the attractions, just driving around the island is absolutely beautiful. It consists of big jungle, lots of rice fields, and you can easily see the authentic Filipino province, like... So those are just some of the places that we visited, and know about, we're still here, discovering Palawan, and... They've been in this area for four months, that's crazy. Yeah, I wonder if they're still there. And there's just so much to do, and so much to see here. Every few days, we go out, explore, and find new beaches, doing adventure, stuff like kayak in, and hiking. And it really is just a tropical paradise, and it's so big, so there really is just so much to do. We haven't discovered the south yet. I know this place is called... Is it Balavak? Balavak. Yeah, there's islands called... Balavak, which are supposed to be amazing. Looks like the Maldives or something. There's also in the North, the... the Nipakon. Yeah, between El Nido and Koronya, have Lina Pakan, which is supposed to be, I think, still similar limestone, like islands and beaches, and so many different types of places. Incredible place. And we can type in what? Here. Oh, yeah. That's the best island in the world. It has pretty much everything you'd expect from a tropical paradise island, I think. Yeah, yeah. We've been traveling for almost two years now, and we've been to... most of the places that we've been to are like islands, because we love beaches. And we agree with the... the award, and we love Balavak and El Nido, and yeah, we love this place. Yeah, especially El Nido and Koronya, it's some of the most mind-blowing scenery you'll ever see by far. Yeah, it is. We have many daily vlogs of these places that we listed here, and also all the places in Palauan. So you can watch them and see the places with more details. So let us know if you've been to Palauan, and if you agree with it, being voted as number one, or if not, just let us know some of your favorite islands, and yeah, look to check them out. Maybe we visited some... So this was, first of all, this was an awesome video. I really well put together. So if you haven't already, go ahead and subscribe to Jumping Places, because this is a very well put together video, and I'm actually interested in seeing some of their other vlogs. So I could see why this is actually number one. Yeah, I could legitimately see that. Not even just trying to be like, oh yeah, it's really good. Right. No, like there's so many different options as far as places to hang out, and stuff like that. Like I said, like I thought that the... the one with all the hammocks lined up. I thought that was perfect. You might actually like the one with the limestone cliffs. Honestly, I like them all, and the fact that they're all right there with each other. Yeah. And then there's a bunch of different places to spend. Yeah, no, it's awesome. Because like I like it, if it's not still on anymore, but it'll be in the thumbnail, the bottom left. I like that. The lagoon type stuff. Yeah, absolutely. That's one of the reasons why I think it's so good. Yeah. Because I don't know. Again, I haven't been to a lot of islands. If I've been to any. But it's got a beach for everybody. Outside of the Bahamas and going down to those areas, it's probably the only islands I've actually personally been on. Yeah. It's not much of a thing here. There's not a lot of islands. So that's why I kind of see why it's so good. Because there's some... It's diverse. Yeah. I'm not even talking about that people. I'm just talking... Like I wonder if the people understand where they're at. Like the locals. Like if they understand. I'm sure they do. That's why they love their country so much. Well yeah, but I mean like... Do they understand how ridiculously beautiful their home is compared to a lot of other places? And I've traveled to a lot of places. I've been lucky in that. And some places are stunningly beautiful. But some places just suck. It's a lot more beautiful than Mississippi. Yeah. So guys, we appreciate this suggestion. It was perfect. The... It makes me really want to visit. If you have any other suggestions down in the description below, there's a link to our discord. Leave another suggestion for videos like this. We definitely love to take a look at them. If you want to see our next videos, please hit the subscribe and hit the bell notification. And if you want to support us directly, click on the join button and join our membership program. And with that being said, my name's Miles. And my name is Fest. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out.