 But you're Friday. The freshest. Well, since we are sort of traveling back in time and looking at summer, Philippine's most impressive singers, but when they were young, I thought we'll have a look at Sherees. Obviously now, Jack Cyrus, but really interesting to see... I believe that she was... Manny Zoldy. Yeah, and she was also competing in the same show as... I don't know, a lot of the time when we saw that footage of her at 9 years old. But I think this is a different show, though. I think this might be a different show, but they were competing around the same era. Okay, well, you guys sent this through and I thought it was really cool, so let's give it a watch. Alright. I'm off to Salabura for saying we love you more by Selina. Selina? Selina? I'm sorry, because I'm being mean. That's a thing. Bro, it happens. It happens, my... She's saying that's the Philippine version. But... Selina? Selina? Selina? I think she's cool. And cool. Good, to reach! I think she knows 100 people. Hey, yeah, this is old. Manny Zoldy. Manny Zoldy. El. It's an audio on this one. I'm sorry, but that girl had sass on stage. It's really intriguing, right, to see the evolution of sort of like... Because when you sort of nine years old, ten years old, eleven, there's not going to be that much change in terms of your personality, nine to ten to eleven. The big change is obviously twelve to fifteen. You sort of truly bloody change, you know. I mean, you essentially become a teenager. But it's so intriguing that at that age, Cherise was sort of... Yeah, I mean... She was an entity on stage, yeah. Cherise had sort of that idea that you had to sell the show and with some sort of sense of maturity, even if it's beyond your years. Yeah. And it's actually quite interesting because a lot of kids that grow up in the industry understand the requirements of being on stage, but it seems like it's hard work to put it on. But in this particular performance, right here we're seeing somebody who settled in the idea of performance. So it's something that's very natural in the progression of her performance up to this point. I think on the idea of competitions, given how sort of ingrained they are in the Filipino culture, this isn't her first competition. Absolutely not. This is most likely, oh no, the twenty-seven. This is just the one that's been televised. No, probably, probably, knowing the fact that she might have been recognised in one of those national competitions, therefore this opens up the doors for National TV, bloody, bloody, bloody, and then the rest of the cherry. It's been a career, it's been witnessed by millions. But it's interesting to see the rise, right? The first televised or the first few televised child performances. Because those are really interesting. Those really depict the natural ability and to what extent they could have been nurtured. Yeah, for sure. Right? I agree. Look at that. Thanks. Mulle, you still look at people playing here right now. котораяora She was so tiny as well. There was like this whole idea of seeing this tiny little human pecs so much on stage. I think it's certainly interesting as well to see, you know, obviously the evolution is essentially what the whole video is about, right? To see, because we've seen her in the past, we've seen her now in the present, and even though, you know, there's been vocal changes and things like that, that kind of mentality of discipline and the mentality to sing in has stayed the same, and the skill is undeniable regardless of whatever. So it's super intriguing to me that at nine years old, she was much more of a, what would you call it, of a performer rather than a vocalist. And that's years of progress. She became much more of the latter. She became much more of a vocalist, less of a performer, because it's actually impossible to reach the level of singing that Sheree's accomplished without type of approach that J-Lo approach to singing, you know, where you're sort of a ston, just sort of, you know, making people, wow, how charismatic she is. You have to stand still there. There's no fucking way. Yeah, well, there's a lot, you can see how the energy extortion and the compromise have been such a giving performer is actually impacts the vocal quality and composition itself. But it's really interesting to see what might have been her mindset, given competitions and not being a televised or an artist that would want to dive deeper into the vocal acrobaty of the discipline itself. So there's a lot, you can see both extens of, in this particular chapter of her life, where you could have taken it either or, wait, right? So it's really interesting that she chose or she might have been led into a harder patch. That would have happened, right? You should have told Kep Govin in this manner. In this natural predisposition of performance, yeah. Definitely like being that. Yeah. That mic is half of her. Literally, but look at her! Come on! She knew what she was doing! Yes! Girl! Yeah! If I take StosterCat K and... D'Ai-O! Oh, D'Ai-O-U! Great! Come on! What an execution! Oh, Jesus! Good girl! Come on! I'm running out of breath for her, bro. Oh, shit! Yes! Oh, my God! It was odd! Here's the other thing as well. That's obviously a highlight. And for those that are not really going to ask, I am feeling better, but 85% they might. Yes! But it's also... In competitions, what you do seem to see a lot more. I mean, that's redundant. That's the sentence, but you do know what I mean. What you see in this sort of competitions, it's essentially more of a vocal showcase, right? You sort of go there, you know, the belts, salinity on blah, blah, blah, who can create the most wow out of the... the vocal wow out of the power that they possess or the skills that they possess out of the crowd. Yes! And that's usually who goes through. Yeah. And very rarely actually, do you notice in the Filipino music industry, someone performing live that... Because of the vocal pedigree, you can't combine both. That's not real. Yeah, yeah. But shit doesn't exist. That's why when you look at other sort of like the more pop sort of scene, like the P-pop scene, you see the SB19 Lads, you see the Bini Girls. That's quite impressive what they're doing. But they do have one... They have other members to lay work on, and they have foundational work, moments in which you shine, moments in which you relax, choreography moments, break down, and then also vocal songs, which you don't have to do backflips on. Yeah. But if you're doing it as a solo, it's basically impossible to maintain that sort of vocal pedigree and vocal quality. And also be the person that's interacting with everyone and giving you fucking sass. You know, doing a split or waiting for an entry and smacking down your foot and you think that's not going to have an impact. It does, it does. You don't really have that yet still in the Philippines, which is really interesting. As a soloist, not yet. Yeah, maybe the closest thing you had, you know, it's sort of a sadder and onymo. Yeah. And that's why I think they've sort of... Everyone thinks of us like a pop star, but she's essentially... She's like a great vocalist as well. She's also a balladist. You know, so it's really interesting. Yeah, but you don't see her most talked about performances with the biggest dance breaks or anything like that, or the most memorable being the most vocally demanding songs either. Yeah, well, the most memorable is what? Tala, what is that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The star, the star song. Yeah. I forget the name of the song. Tala. I think it is, yeah. So it's like, that's the most memorable thing, essentially. For one or three. For one or two. For one or three. Yeah. And, you know, that isn't the most vocally demanding song. That's right. By her skillset, but it's the choreographies, the show, she's the pop star. And but everyone else, I mean, it more is said, probably a good example, because she's sort of the more modernistic approach to things. And maybe I haven't seen her recently live apart from the online concert. That's right. But different dynamic. That she was quite active, I mean, essentially. She was very active. Jay does also a good example, so the modernistic of... Yes. ...she's introducing dance in a thing. Dance breaks and stuff. And if you look at the online concert, it was a great concert. But the question is, you do a normal concert. It's like, what the fuck, how long can these women keep these up for? That's right. Yeah, that's right. So... It's quite a demanding set of necessities to cover all. And then you can obviously see it even in children, right? Because it's like a marathon. The songs are so long, they're so demanding. You're trying to showcase your vocal ability to your best extent, to as well as live an impact, to live a mark on the audience. And it's kind of like... Yeah, it's kind of like juggling way too many things at the same time. But it's fascinating. I mean, what a show, right? It's like... It's fantastic. If anyone can do it, it's like, wow, you're a god. Let us know what you thought about it. And most importantly, perhaps if you were there live, or if you have any sort of other... Or you're so in on TV when it happens. Yeah, any performances you'd like to see, everybody's welcome. So... Goodbye.