 Welcome to a foreigner in the Philippines, but evening. I thought that this subject came up about the other side of marrying a Filipino. We always tend to concentrate on the problems of a man coming here and finding a Filipino who is good and honest and loyal and all of those things that we would hope for in a partner that we are going to spend the rest of our life with. And we always talk about those problems as if the issues and the problems end there. And in fact, unless you actually are able and willing to come and live in this country, your problems are really just starting because what you have to do is obviously if you intend to get your fiance, if you intend to get the lady that you are choosing to share your life with, you want to get her home. And depending where home is, that may provide you with pretty big problems. I'll give an insight into some of the problems that may arise certainly about taking a lady to America. This is not, believe me, this is not a Bash America video. Okay, this is not about the American people. This is about the American immigration service. And in the past they have been even more ruthless. When I first went to America, there was a huge black building in LA, a black building, very apt color. It was like a Darth Vader of buildings. And when you went there, there were so little guidance about doing anything that when you would get there, if you, unless you got there like three or four in the morning, you would be on the end of already on the end of quite a long line. And you wouldn't actually know what the line was for. And I spoke to many people at that time who had gotten in line only to find after being in line for several hours that they were in the long line. Well, what happened when they got to the top of the line and spoke to the person they would be told and not always kindly, you're in the wrong line. You need to be over there. And then there's no going to the front of that line. You went outside and you got back in line. And you did all of that again. And if you didn't get in by a certain time, they would close the doors. And no further people would be allowed in for that day. They would have as many as they could get through. They would pretty well know how many they could get through and they'd simply close the doors. So you were back the next day four o'clock or whatever it is that you would be there in order to get into a good place. So I tell you this from experience because when I first got there, I was a single parent. And at one point, my son who had come in with me on my visa was wanting to go and see his mother. And his mother was in the UK. Now I knew that if he left, he would not be able to come back. And that was a fructive life. Now I also knew that unless he heard it from the horse's mouth, so to speak, there was a doubt as to whether he would believe what I had told him. So the only way to do it was to take him to the Darth Vader building and get in line, we got in line for questions. So we were able to ask a question when we got there. So the situation was that he was on my passport when he came in. So he was on my visa, which was a multiple indefinite visa. I had gone straight away to a tour and attorney because I had entered the country legally. So I was able to go to an attorney. He took up my case and he got me a green card. Now the reason he was able to do that was because I had an older son who was adult age and able to petition me in. And father to son or son to father couldn't be refused. It might just take a little time. So we went to an attorney and the attorney submitted the papers such as it needed. And then we heard back and he called me. I went into CM and he said we have an appointment for an interview. So the appointment for the interview was I think four, five, six months hence. So I even at that time was paying him on installments. I used to pay installments. By the time they worked out, calculators so that by the time that he went for the interview with me, I had paid my bill. And that's what happened. So we went. The interview was fairly fast. According to the attorney, it seemed to make sense even though this might appear racist. He said that they were they would be so tired of talking to people asking questions, interviewing people who were coming to live in the states who could hardly speak English and hadn't learned the answers to the questions. You have several hundred questions which you would be required to answer about the constitution. How the the White House was around the presidency and all of those things and you were expected to know those things. Well, I'd done my that was I don't know that was Ford's for citizenship. That's right. So I went to back to the beginning on that. So back to the interview, I went to the interview for the interview. The attorney did tell me actually that they were they would be tired of talking to people who hardly spoke English. And when I went in because I spoke relatively good English, that they would be it would be something of a relief. And it did turn out to be the case. He did ask me one question. He said, do you have an any quoted a number? Let's say it was the AB123. Do you have a form AB123? And I said, I looked at my attorney. Because that's where he was therefore. And the attorney said quite briefly. We've never had to we've never had to submit that form. And AB121-2-3 never had to do it. And because he was an attorney and spoke with such authority, the guy that was interviewing us said, oh, okay. And then he continues to leaf through the the papers. And then he suddenly said to me, well, oh, that's everything, everything we need. Welcome to America. And a little while later I got my green card. It wasn't quite so easier with my son. He was still not he was allowed to stay. He was legally allowed to stay. But his case was being processed. And at that time there was there was a scandalous case where at one department or one branch of the immigration service, there had been such an incredible backlog of cases that were not being dealt with. And they had an inspection coming. So rather than handle the cases, they were just trashed. They were just thrown away. So that dealt with about 30 or 40,000. I think it was cases that just didn't exist anymore. Now all of those people had paid money for that whatever their application was. They pay quite a hefty fee. And their fee had been paid and tough. So when it came around that they were inspected, they didn't have that huge backlog. But I don't know what happened. Maybe they found maybe the the examiner found a few of those things and it was propping up a filing cabinet. And the whole thing was revealed. So there was a big stink about it and everybody that had filed was invited to file again. Pay your fee again. And that's the kind of treatment that the American immigration service at that time was guilty of. Well, back to my kid, he wanted to go to see his mom. And certainly I wasn't going to stop that. But I wanted him to know what was the real case. So the case was we went, we got in line, we waited our several hours and when we got to the front, I explained to the lady, my son is having his, I'm already a green card holder and I'm legal and so on. My son is here legally, but he came, he came with me on my, and I explained the situation that he was there legally, but he wanted to go back to the UK for a visit with his mom. I said, now, what I need you to tell us, because I want him to hear it from an immigration official. If he goes back, will he be able to return? And the woman said there is a great risk that he will not be able to. She said he will be able to file a request, but it could take two years or possibly more. And if I may say so as a mother, he would, he would have to have the help of his mother to make that request, to submit that application. So you as a parent have to decide whether she would do that and as a mother, I wonder if she would. So we walked out from that little talk with that lady and I said to my son, did you understand? I think that he was about, he was about eight or nine at the time, said, did you understand what the woman said? So he said, yes, I did. I said, and what decision have you made? You have to make that decision for yourself. And he said, I can't take that risk that I won't be able to come back. And I don't, I'm not sure that mom will help me to do that. So that was the end of that and we didn't go any further with it. Much, much later years in fact, we did get the paperwork sorted out and my son now is actually a US citizen just the same as I am. So that was, that's turned out to be just a case history, an example of how the immigration can work and how it can be very, very difficult to get there and stay. So I don't want to make this into a terrifically long video. So I'll leave it at this, but I will do a part two of this video in which I talk about some of the specific problems which you will find if you are trying to get your lady home. This is a finer in the Philippines.