 In this video, I'm from Chicago and the United States. I'm from Brazil, bro. I'll be asking some foreigners on what is like living in the Philippines as a foreigner. Um, I think it's very safe. I feel very safe also, you know, as a woman being able to walk around. They always willing to help. I came here to be a model. I love being here. Everybody's so nice. Now, let's go to the best part of the video. Okay, guys, so what's your name? I am Troy. Where you from? I'm from Chicago and the United States. And for how long you've been here in the Philippines? Well, I just moved two weeks ago, but this is my seventh time here in Manila. Just two weeks ago? Yes, just two weeks. Wow, that's great. So what is your first impression of the Philippines? Well, my first impression is that I love being here. Everybody's so nice and there's so much to explore, whether it's right here in Manila or out in all the different islands. And since you have been here for two weeks, can you share any positive, I mean, a fact that you're heading in the Philippines? Well, I think positive, the nightlife is really fun. It's my first time staying out till five in the morning, which seems to be a regular here. And then also just planning additional trips to go out and explore the country. What's your name? My name is Victor. Where you from? I'm from Brazil, bro. And for how long you've been in the Philippines? For seven years. For seven years. So how easy to live in the Philippines as a foreigner? Well, living here is very good. I know a lot of people here, I have a lot of friends here. People there are very kind here. I came here to be a model here in the Philippines to try to be an actor here. And then I really love the country. And then I start to work in a company here. Yeah, I'm staying here. I love the country. Okay, like, did you have any culture shock when you moved to the Philippines? Well, Philippines is the most Latin country in Asia. So I'm from Brazil, so it's very similar to the country here. The music, the American music, the way that they treat people here are very similar to Brazil. The weather and I really like that. What's your name? George. George, how are you guys doing? I'm doing great, thank you. For how long you have been in the Philippines? It's been 10 years. I came here in 2013, so it's been long. Oh, yeah. For sure. And how is it living the Philippines as a foreigner? The country so far has been great. So I came here to study. So I studied here for five years in Las Penas. Then I was able and lucky to get a job. So I've been working for like four or five years by now. And it's been great. I mean, the people are very nice. The people are very kind. Whatever you go is very kind. I used to live in Las Penas. The attes, the lolas, everyone always so great. I mean, I don't have nothing to complain. The people are very nice. Okay. And for how long do you see yourself living in the Philippines? I mean, I'm not sure. I mean, I have a wife here and I have a kid here. So I might be here for long. I don't know. As long as the country paying me good. And long as, I mean, we don't have any major changes and politics or war. I see myself really living here for a long time. So and I love it here. It's great. Can you mention anything that you really love the most about the Filipino people? The Filipino, as I said, they're very kind, very willing to help. If you need anything, especially when I work here, my buses are very nice. If they always willing to help. And as I like, the kindness of the people, the heart, and I love it. But your name? Christa, where are you from? I'm from Chicago in the United States. And for how long you've been in the Philippines? A little over six months. Six months? Yes. And how do you find the Philippines so far? I have loved it so far. It's been absolutely fantastic. I think it's an easy transition coming from the US with the amount of English spoken, the amount of knowledge about the United States. But it's been a great country from the geography, to the culture, to the people, to the different types of cuisine around. It's been great. Did you have any culture shock when you moved to the Philippines? How well-luckily I got to travel a decent amount last year around five times or so. But again, I think the question before, there's a lot of similarities with the United States and a lot of English spoken. So it's pretty easy. But I think sometimes the pace is a little different. So how to get used to that as well. Is your favorite Filipino food so far? If you have eaten any Filipino food? I have. So the first thing I was introduced to was blue. That is not my favorite. Which was so I started off real strong. I was introduced to Ube here, which I had never had before. So anything with Ube, I'm a huge fan, but probably pan-set, Lumpia, all the typical dishes. I think there's one food. I mean, since you have mentioned about Uber, there's one food here in the Philippines that call it Uber Champorado. Oh, I have not had that. I mean, you got to try that. You're going to love it. And how saved you feel here in Philippines, comparing to US? Yeah. I think it's very safe. I feel very safe also as a woman being able to walk around and being able to go around and do things. I think people are generally very helpful and want to do the right things. So it's been great. In these six months have you traveled to any island in the Philippines? I have. I've been able to go to Palawan. So El Nido, twice, to Boracay. I still have yet to go to Shirgal and a couple of other places. So I'm excited to continue travels as well. Well, I feel lucky to feel very, very safe. Everybody's very, very friendly. And so I feel comfortable walking around and the people who I work with and the friends that I've met are always happy to help me. Can you tell us something about the islands? Because a lot of foreigners, they come to the Philippines about the, I mean, because of the islands. Can you just tell us more about the islands? And which islands, I mean, you have been to? I've been to Boracay. I don't know, like four times my favorite island. Some people say it's very commercial, but I love it just the fact that the beach is nice. I mean, I like the commercial aspect. There's nice hotels. I've been to, I never been to Shirgal, but it's a place that I want to go to. But I love Boracay. It's very nice. Have you gone to any island in the Philippines? Well, I've been in Bajal in Shirgal in Boracay. The people here, they really like that feeling of, you know, let it be and live their life as your last day. And then when people they go to the island and yeah. So what advice would you give to foreigners like cars right now? City on the couch watching this video and thinking of moving to the Philippines? Guys, just come here because the Philippines is very nice. It's more fun to the Philippines. Just come here, guys. OK, thank you so much for your time. I really appreciate it. I mean, as you guys heard it, you guys got to come to the Philippines. And it's more fun in the Philippines. Yes, for the foreigners like us watching this amazing video, what advice would you give to them if they want to move to the Philippines? Definitely. So first of all, do it. I think it's interesting. I didn't know much about the Philippines before having the opportunity for work to move here. And it's just a wonderful, wonderful country. I know it can be far depending on where you're coming from. But as they mentioned before, just the warmness and kindness of the people, the amount of different places to go in different type of geography and different things to do, you'll always have something to do. And a lot of people to help you along the way. Since you have been here for six months, do you learn any Tagalog word? And can you tell us which word have you learned? I have learned some words. So I think you need to know. So I just want to tell you, we'll come to the Philippines. And I hope you're going to love it. And this one, like I said, that we usually say here in the Philippines, it's more fun in the Philippines. We'll come to the Philippines, Mabuhai, it's a Philippines. Mademingsalamad. OK, see you guys. Thank you so much. And what advice would you give to a foreigner like us sitting on the couch right now watching this video and thinking of moving to the Philippines? I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to say that I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to say that I'm going to go to the Philippines. And thinking of moving to the Philippines. Well, I would just say one, go for it. And two, force yourself to go and experience new things because you won't regret it. OK. I just, I mean, I want to tell you, we'll come to the Philippines. And there's one thing that we say here in the Philippines. It's more fun in the Philippines. Mabuhai, thank you so much. I appreciate it. Salamad. OK. All right, you learned Salamad in two weeks. Yes. OK. OK. Yo, guys. And we've done amazing content, amazing video, amazing street interview. I just want to say, guys, thank you so much. If you have watched till the end, and if you can't subscribe to the channel yet, once again, I'm going to ask you politely. Please subscribe, share the video with your friends. Because your subscription is my motivation. If there is any other topic that you guys want me to ask for in the Philippines, please let me know in the comments below. This is your work off in car show, traveling the Philippines, and asking foreigners and Filipinos about the topic that you suggest on the comments. We're gone. Subscribe. Don't forget. Hit the button so that you'll be notified whenever you play a video. Get a swat. I'm gone.