 It was so cute, the cutest experience, Christmas experience of my life. What's up Philippines! Hi guys, I am Nelly and this is Mike. We are two travel and lifestyle vloggers based here in Manila in the beautiful Philippines. And we have of course this reaction channel where we react to videos that you guys recommend to us. Yes. How can you recommend videos? Well, of course you could leave a comment down below but much better is you send us a message on Instagram making it happen vlog and Nelly's life underline underline. While you act as give us a follow we are getting very close to hitting 100K on making it happen vlog Instagram page. Yes. And if when this happens, when we succeed, we are going to be performing a Tagalog song for you guys on the guitar singing the whole shabam. It's going to be amazing. I don't know right now, leave us a follow. Also, if you're new around here, subscribe and turn on the notifications because also on this channel. We will be hitting 100K very very soon and we are very excited for it. And we are trying to brighten up your quarantine days with some fun videos. So today we are reacting to a video about how Filipinos celebrate Christmas. And I think that's funny, the comedy. Okay. Because I think we know these guys. We reacted to the videos in the past. I think there's one video specifically. You know that there was someone else. That was my tarot link it right here. Okay. In my nose. Yes. Ready? Yes. One of the first songs that I learned was a Christmas song. They start Carolean in September. Yes. It really was a big big thing in the Philippines. And so I had like September, October, right? September, October, November, December. So I had like four months to hear and memorize Filipino Christmas songs. So there's just one that I learned called Cassadjani Taknaa. So they all like have little instruments that they take around when they carole, like little bells and they make an instrument of a bottle cap. And they go up to your door and they say like Cassadjani Taknaa, Davi Takahima yaan, Maura yatongakita. And then it goes on. And it's just like a really happy time of year. I think we had the local Christmas village last year. But the kids were just running around and singing carols for us. It was so cute. The cutest Christmas experience of my life. What was different about Carolean in the Philippines is they, they're usually like little kids and they're like asking for candy and toys and stuff. So instead of like giving the family like, the family has to give them a plate. Which I like. That's, you know, that's cool. But sometimes people didn't want to give them candy or money or anything. So they would just like turn off all the lights and pretend like they're not home. Oh, it's like an awesome. No one's here. So that was really funny. Then Christmas starts in September. So that's a good thing to know. It's called the Burmons. So like the ends with the Burmons. So September through December is Christmas. That's what we have a Christmas tree here. In September. So when you hear the Burmons, it's not because it's cold. It's because it ends with the Burmons. I didn't figure that out until I was like over halfway through the mission. Like, oh, the Burmons. It's not even cold. They're like, elder. Like it's Burm. Like September and like, oh, it's got it. So yeah, so there's that. Christmas is way long. I love Christmas. I love Christmas. I started, I now start Christmas in September. Like, to be honest, like it's Christmas right now. So yeah, for holidays and events and stuff, they usually, like, especially birthdays, they eat pasta. So spaghetti and ponzu is what it's called. So there's spaghetti there is sweet and they have hot dogs in it. So it's a little bit different than ours and it's funny because we made like, I made normal, like, not normal spaghetti, Americans spaghetti, I guess, for my companion in my house made it once. And they're like, this is trash. They're like, like, it's so sour is what they said. They're like, it's sour because it tastes like tomatoes. Yeah, we love sour. So it's kind of funny. It's like, oh. I can't imagine it. It's when he gets like the noodles and like, pour syrup and stuff in it. But it's not that sweet. But yeah, so I mean, they'll always have like pasta, some kind of pasta, during, during like holidays or birthdays, things like that. I think those two Christmas is really meant a lot to me because it was pure, I guess. There was none of the, none of like the frill and things like that of Christmas. It was just focusing on Jesus Christ, focusing on what He did for us. And so, so yeah, of course I miss my family. And I'm excited for this Christmas, since it'll be my first Christmas since I've been home. And so I can see everybody and stuff. But those two Christmas is really special to me. And miracles happened to be honest on all of them. Okay, I think they're all missionaries in these, yeah. That's why they, that's why they spend, spend a lot of time here in the Philippines, learn a lot about the culture. And I think a few of them even learn the language. But I think I'm mistaken. That's not the video that we reacted to. Yeah. Not the same people on my back. Yeah. So Christmas experience in Davao Mission. Oh my gosh, they feed the missionaries. What? And I know this is kind of like just, um, temporal. But I couldn't forget because my, I was born on Christmas Day. So Christmas is very special for me. Extra special. And the fact that it was my birthday and it was Christmas, the members, even our investigators that, you know, that knew, I mean, they've, they've had a lot of it. Maybe I got that. Um, there was Christmas was my birthday. So they had, we call it Christmas Eve dinner. We call it not chabena. So we went to the Bishop's house. We went to members' houses and then we just feed us. We just, they kept feeding us. And I was so full. I remember a little bit. I was, I remember being so full, fun, like coming from the first house. And then we were, we still had two or three appointments after that. And I was just, yes. Food is a bit big topic here. Started getting nauseated because, like, how am I going to sell this food? But they were all yummy. They made, yeah, they made delicious food for us. So I just had to, it was hard, but I just had to keep eating. But yeah, it was, it was special. And of course, in the Philippines, children are carrying the streets. And even, you know, we weren't exempted from that missionary apartment. Yeah, children that are, even homeless children actually would sing carols outside our gate and hear them. I remember. I think we gave food to some of the kids because we're not, we were allowed to give them money, of course. But we gave them food instead. Yeah, it's just the spirit of giving and spirit of loving. And just extra cheer that you feel. Turn Christmas. It's very happy holiday in Davao Mission. I love my Christmas experience. And celebrating it. Celebrating my birthday as well. Nice. Okay. So I think I'm mistaken everything about this video. I thought it's about the Christmas traditions here in the Philippines, but it's more about foreigners experiencing Christmas in the Philippines. Which is also nice. Because Christmas in Austria first was very different. Christmas in the US was very different for us. And now being in the Philippines, it's more, I feel like everything is more personal. I think it's more down to the core values of Christmas. Not so much about the things and the materialistic aspect of Christmas nowadays. It's more about being with the family and cheering each other up. In Austria, it's like how many products can be sold in a tight span of like four weeks. Yes. So Christmas ads, we did a few Christmas commercials in the past videos. But Christmas ads in Austria are completely different. So so different. That's why we love watching the Christmas ads here. It's just more personal and emotional and touching. Well, this was a different video to record. Very different. Very interesting. Guys, if you enjoyed it, give it a thumbs up. If you know around here, subscribe. As I said, we're very close to hitting on the camera's channel. So, please support us in this adventure of making it happen. And also if you want to see some travel food and lifestyle vibes, also our playlist of how we experience Christmas in the Philippines last year. Head over to our main channel making it happen vlog, which is linked right here. And I guess we'll see you guys next time on. What's up Philippines? Are you dead?