 People are usually using the subdivision area for jogging and sports. They are using huge porous hydro coffee. We didn't have time to have coffee at home, so then have to do it on the side road. We are with Benz on my car. Yeah. It Benz on walking pixel. They are at least actually doing some kind of activity, which this place is usually for, but the real reason why we came here because finally I dedicated myself to learn driving. Because as you can see in the vlogs we are always with our scooter during our adventures, but it's always only Jonathan who is driving. I've never learned how to drive. Finally it's going to be time for it. I used to practice a little bit without our old scooter, but that was many, many years ago, and I completely forgot everything. We came to this empty subdivision now to practice, but like I said, coffee has to come first. In the heat. In the heat. Nothing better than a hot cup of coffee in the heat. I'm already falling. Not even on the scooter yet. And then you have to hold up with the brake. Holding? With the brake. With the brake, okay. And just lonely. So many beginner accidents, definitely just driving around heating! misleading. That's amazing. That's amazing. That's how it's going to be. Yeah. You're holding on to the plane. Yeah, already heard, so I need to rest it. Next time I'm driving, I'll go to the pagu. Benz on the shoutout. Shoutout to Idayan. Okay, Jonathan and Benz on left me. Now I'm on my own for the first time. So let's see how it goes. Oops, I turned. But I think I'm pretty good at this. This could be like a month of luck, guys. It's always just awesome, I'm afraid. Behind Jonathan, being on the front of the scooter, it's so much more fun. I will see how fast I can go. There's like a straight road ahead of me. I won't like speed up, of course. It will be just an impressive speed for my beginner level. Maybe I can reach like 30. Let's see. Oh, what the hell? 30, 30 miles, 30 toll, 30 drift. Oh, what the hell is that? Okay, I'm going to be under my first drift. Jonathan, we ride Benz on motorcycle, but I'm warning you. I already went with 35. I'll go for it. Come here, Roman. Wait. I'm a motoblager. Oh! That was fun. It went a lot smoother than I expected. I learned a lot quicker than I thought I would. So that was a lot of fun, but of course I still need to practice until I'm ready to go to the road. Yeah, I'm super happy that it went better than I thought. Hello. And now we are in Palaian city, grabbed the best drift food in the area, and actually, it's the best drift food. I think that I ever tried in the Philippines, so we always come back here. Lumpi, Anguli, and what they have is always so fresh and they're so good, and they also have this thing. It's like okoy, but it's only kalabasa, so it doesn't have shrimp. It's like a fried, like kalabasa. I'm squash type of thing, and it's just so, so, so good. And they also have like the best soup as always. I'm addicted to soup, and it's the best. Best I've tried so far. They said one. Oh! Over there. They are so nice. And I said the traffic and foresters behind us just shouted to be quiet because someone is vlogging at the speedest together. No, no, I'm touched. Like chili, garlic, onions, and they use some type of like special vinegar. It's not just regular white vinegar, and it's like, oh, my mouth is watering so much, I need to take a bite. Oh, it's still so hot. Yeah, even better than I am. I really did anyway. It's good. But food in the world. So full of wedging, goodness. Also, while eating, I wanted to share a few toys about driving and traffic here because I always see this topic being discussed. And actually, there are a lot of foreigners asking for advice when they are coming here for a holiday. If it's dangerous to drive here, if they will be fine renting a car or a scooter. Or they better just stick to public transportation. And me as a fresh one day old driver, I can share some experience because even though I just started driving, I'm always a back ride behind Jonathan, so I see quite a lot. And of course, everything here is very different. And for example, in Europe, right in front, there's a lot more vehicles on the road. And there's less like street signs that would help you navigate. Also, there are of course many different type of public transportation. That doesn't exist, for example, in Europe, like the price because and the cheapness. And you will of course need to pay attention on those and be aware because sometimes they like suddenly put it aside when they see potential customers for my ride. So all of this, you will need to pay attention to because like someone coming from Europe or other countries won't be used to this. So it might be a challenge to drive, but for me, I don't think that I will have any type of problem since I never drive before back at home. So this will be like the regular environment, but I will learn driving. So I think like this, it's not going to be that much of a challenge. It might be challenging for those who are used to a different driving environment. So for those who are coming from abroad, you will need to see it first. If you think it would be fine for you to drive here or no, but I think I will be okay since this is the kind of environment that I'm used to. I'm used to drive because motor cycles. So I'm really hoping that I won't face any special challenge driving here, but later on when I will actually go to the road, then I will be able to share more personal experience with you. Also it depends on place you are planning to drive if it's Manila or the province because just because there are more vehicles and less street signs, it doesn't mean that there are no traffic rules. Actually in Manila it's a lot more strict. And there are many roads that's why even us don't really drive around in Manila. Usually we prefer to use public transportation. In provinces and islands it's less strict and also less traffic. So I think anyone who knows how to drive would be fine. A lot of foreigners are renting scooters to get around. You will just need to be aware of people overtaking and people walking on the side of the road, but you should be fine. No, I need to clean my GoPro from my street food hunt. Sorry GoPro. We are getting up. We are getting up. We are going down. We are going down. Look at this guys, while we are waiting for our photocopies, there are so many intriguing things here this way. Stuff that is displayed for kids. Because there's dust. Oh yeah, the school is over there and they have like school supplies and starrocks, but this is what I'm very interested in. I've been staring at this the whole time, even waiting for the Xerox. Candy with stick with an anime girl. So now I want to get one. What would you like? Would you like a little Vsoul? I want this one. You want a Vsoul stick one? Stuff that are for kids are always so much fun and a lot of artificial. I'm unhealthy looking but fun looking. Tuck tuck. Tuck tuck candy. I promise. Nice. It's cool though, good for the kids. There's the school. It's in Palaya City. Right next to it there's like little street food stores and like this Xerox, school supply and one stop shop. Basically like a Sardis Sarri but like it's specific. But this is what I truly want. Nice. And now we are back home and it's also going to be the end of this video. I just want to say that in the next video we are going to Manila again and we are actually going to be visiting a place that you guys recommend to us in the previous videos, comment sections. So I'm super excited for that and besides that it's also going to be the day when I finally really start the real process of getting my permanent resident visa. Until this point we were only running around back in 4 to Manila to get all the necessary documents to just be able to start the whole process. So I'm super excited to share more about this in the next video. But for today this is all and I hope you liked it. If you did then please subscribe and we will see you next time in the next vlog. Bye.