 Hey everyone, it's me again. I am on my A2, my friend's house, and we are going to tour it and see what he got for the money that he spent because he had this built prior to moving over here. And it's a little bit of an adventure to get to it just right now only because Typhoon Audette actually ripped out the bridge. It took it out so now there's a man-made one. We have to get there and they are rebuilding the one for the vehicles. So it looks a little suspicious but that's all right we'll make it work. Hey everyone, it's me again. I am standing at the microphone instead of the camera. So hey everyone, it's me again. I am headed over to my friend Chaz's house. He's actually waiting for me right here and we are going to take a look at his house and what he got and we live in the Philippines. So this is a beautiful neighborhood. If you're new to the channel, my name is Corey. My wife's name is Raquel and we move to the Philippines from Chicago. So we are going to walk over to Chaz's house and I like your neighborhood. Pretty nice here. So I see you have a goat over here. That's important in the Philippines. So this is Chaz's house. Come on in. I'll show you around. It's the neighborhood karaoke bar. And how wide is this patio again? Because you just got this port actually. It's approximately 24 feet wide and I'd say 20. And how many square meters is the lot? Well this lot... You have this right? Yeah, this is all ours with this house over here. This lot here is 400 from that tree to that tree over there. It's 480 meters. Yeah. And then our house... I don't know the actual size of the lot. But it's probably a little less than 480. You know because it's not as big as this. So here you have your outside sitting area. You don't use this all that often now do you? Now that you have the inside one? Yeah. When we have people over, we'll sit out here. Sometimes we'll barbecue. Some fresh fish. And sit out here in barbecue and have lunch out here. But we have our new sitting area that we had just finished. We just finished this about a month ago. Maybe not even we have an enclosed sitting area. I like the plants you guys have put in and you can see all the trees back there from our debt. It's not you guys it's the wife. Yeah there's damage from our debt. My own hat put. I'm not hitting on some random grotesque she has wife. Just done all the landscape around and basically out front is mostly finished. It's hard to tell from here with the camera but I really like his privacy glass because it's a blue reflection and that's all you can see. Well you know what you can see me from the reflection but that's all you can see. And he paid you just told me... I paid 15,000. We have six windows. I paid 15,000 for these windows. Originally when we ordered we ordered from someone else we paid 16,000 and the guy took off with our money. He moved to Manila. So we were out that 15,000. So I paid for these windows twice. So 15,000 is $300 American for six windows. That's not bad at all. Well either way I mean you still you got a good price because I mean right. That's still a good unfortunately he paid for it twice but either way that they're really good privacy because when I walk right up to my can see inside it all in their reflective minor tinted copper, his or tinted blue so I like that because it goes with his outside. My house is obviously a different color but funnily thing is me and Chaz actually met on YouTube because I was driving in a video and then he said you just drove by my house and I haven't met any foreigner around here so that we met up for coffee, lunch and other time dinner whatever. Yeah yeah I mean I live right down the road. I wouldn't say I could walk to my house but if I had to... I could if I had to but I would take a tricycle. Yeah but no it's a really nice neighborhood I like this. We both love the Philippines and something you can't see them but these screens these windows do have screens. Oh okay yeah you can't tell from up here at all. The privacy does a really good job. There's actually screen although all the windows are screened as well. That's nice. So and they are going to put plants inside of there. Well I'm sure his wife's gonna do it. Right. And here's the patio they actually just had this built and this is where they spend a lot of their time so we'll take a look at it. Have you eaten any of them? We had one just the other day. I like this he's got a cantaloupe tree right out front. Yep. Can't have these kind of things in the in the United States anyways. And a beautiful view. It's gonna be a little hard to capture from here but yeah the mountains. Yep. As you stated on all your all your videos the ocean to one side mountains to the other side and you could see the mountains up here. So we can tell when it rains heavy in the mountains this river comes up quite a bit and they just completed this wall. They just completed this section of it two weeks ago. So they're going all around the village to redo it and then you saw the bridge when you came in the bridges torn up from Odette and they're gonna redo that as well. Yeah he's actually currently parking his vehicle right on the other side of the little bridge that I walked across I make sure to put that footage in and he's parking and then he walks over here because Odette actually took out the entire bridge so there's a little man-made bridge and then he walks over to his house but soon he'll be able to park on his on his pad. So that'll be nice. And do you know what how big this room is? You got a backup generator that's good. Yeah I have a generator. I you know I do come here come on I don't have dimensions I could only guess. This room is probably 14 by 8. Yeah okay 8 by yeah it looks 14-15. Yeah. So this is actually my music room. So I sit out here and I play my music. We're using the he has another room off of his bedroom that he was using for music but I think his wife kicked him out of that room. No I'm just joking. So now he's using this but I like this because they screened it all in and that is what is it? Six feet. Yeah six feet total ceiling fan. So a lot of air movement in here but it's screened in so there's no bugs or anything comfortable couch. And the reason we did this is we like to sit out here at night when it cools off it gets pretty cool right evening and it's comfortable to sit out here but there's a lot of bugs so we enclosed it so we could still sit out here and enjoy the cool weather. Yeah no that makes perfect sense it's a nice nice room I like it. And I like to listen to listen to the thunder so I'll sit out here it's the rainy season right now. Yep so I'll sit out here and listen to the rain of the thunder's coming. Is that tasty? Is the yummy? It's imported it should be. Come on in. We're gonna walk into his kitchen we believe it's 16 by 16. Roughly 16 by 16. Storage, fridge, freezer. Yeah you have everything you need I like the fan. Water cooler that's very important around here. Very important. And I noticed you had an inverter over there what do you use them the inverter for? For the blender and the heavy we have a couple appliances like a a dough maker that uses the inverter so we have a couple things and then my base equipment is I use an inverter outside also. Okay so want to see the better? This is the ice fox the walk-in cooler. Come on in. Just kind of go that way. Yep. Yeah so he was using this little area over here like a office slash music room but yeah it is really cold in here. Yeah it's really cold. You need it. It's comfortable. But that's a king size bed so you have plenty of space. This is a guitar case not a rifle case. If you say so I don't know I'm not gonna open it just in case. Yeah so yeah this is very very comfortable and then you have your own CR in there right? Full bathroom shower and toilet missing. That little dark that's okay. But yeah anyways. So in America we're used to all this elaborate luxury you know high-class everything in the Philippines it's it's low-key. It's it's very simple very simple. Yep so. No I get it and people are happy with simple. I get it chas 110% I used to try and do everything elaborate even with my house and now it's I don't care about half of the stuff that I was building because I'm happy when I have my smoothie in the morning and I walk outside and I'm looking at palm trees and mango trees and coconuts and it's peaceful. Less than a third of what I had in America in my home. Yep. Less than a third. I believe that. And you were telling me before you spend how much on the land? Well the land that the house is on I didn't pay anything for. Well I take that back used to have a small two bedroom straw shack really simple the roof leak that was it was horrible. My wife bought the property for $800 US which is $4,000. Yeah not much. Roughly? Yeah so then I started we started this back room and just came this way and went out that way and bought the property next door put a house over there next door for her brother and I have a total total investment is approximately 50 grand American so that's 2.5 million pesos. And that's I correct me if I'm wrong I think that's because you actually had like 35 or something into this house and then you bought the lot next to it. Yeah yeah okay so you own right? We bought the lot next door for 180,000 pesos which is $3,000 roughly and then we put a house on there for her brother and his family and I have 50,000 pesos into that which is a thousand dollars so. The money goes up and down because it's like 54 right now. Yeah it went up really high and I got to say years ago when I was over here on vacation it was down to like 45, 46 which is not good for us. It went up to 58 a month and a half ago. Yeah and now it's back down to 54. So yeah I'm in the whole project not over 50,000. The whole land and all. And you have three bedroom because you have the bedroom we just looked at you have your daughter's room which we're not going to walk into obviously and then there's a guest room here and then you have the guest room over there and these rooms are 8x8. Yep. Yeah just a basic 8x8 room it's yeah it looks like my office right right which in the Philippines that's a really nice room. So we get in the American mindset of being spoiled and what we have but in the 8x8 room in the Philippines with glass and screens right you're doing good. This room doesn't have the ceiling fans we have floor fans if we want to put floor fans. Our daughter's bedroom has a ceiling fan and aircon ceiling fan in the kitchen as you see it's even with the fan on it's still very hot in here and our walking freezer has aircon in our bedroom. Because you're running a split aircon. Yeah okay. And then you have your pressure pump I like that you bought a cooler. Oh, the back door. This is a second bathroom. The bathroom I don't touch you. Yep okay. Second bathroom. You're washing your machine. And then the water tank and pump is back here. I think that's 75 gallons. Looks about right. There's a tag on the side. I don't know if I could read it though. The pump's good size looks bigger than mine but he has a three foot retaining wall going around the whole property in case you're looking at it on the video. During a debt this whole area flooded. I mean you can I'll add in footage of everything going around here but it was just water because the bridge gave away over there. It knocked down the retaining wall which I'll put on video and this this area was all water so they added in this three foot retaining wall just so that they know now that they're all living here and the house has all their stuff and they're safe. Just that extra protection. The wall goes around the whole house. Yeah. So we needed to do that. No very very smart. I like that. See there's back there is some rubbish left over from Ogedet which is this very very little. Chaz is trying to do is Filipino accent. I don't think it's going well but he seems to like it. This is my amazing wife Rhoda and she's an amazing cook and she takes very good care of me treats me like a king and I don't know what I would do without her so anyway Rhoda has done a lot of the plants in the area and see we have a garden out there. The garden has fresh eggplant and I showed you the the canelope tree and so we're trying it. We have out here we have basil we have parsley growing so these plants I don't know if you could see in these pink and white is a basil and parsley. That's actually a pizza oven that he built because he's Italian however the pizza is not coming out right out of it so the pizza oven failed I think there's too much of a gap to where the heat was escaping and it wasn't cooking the pizza properly so I pretty much gave up on that project but it was fun while it lasted and how long have you and Rhoda been together now? We've been together three years and we've been married we just had our first wedding anniversary two days ago. So Chaz actually got here roughly the same time as me actually got here but a month before two weeks before. Okay yeah two weeks before I got here at the end of February he was here to begin to February. Well thank you for watching everyone again I'm here with my friend Chaz I'm gonna actually take off but it was really nice seeing your house I really do appreciate it and this gives people a good idea of what you get for this area I'm not gonna put his house on the map of course but you know we live in Negroes an hour and a half ish you know above Duma Getay but I would consider him my neighbor he lives less than ten minutes for me so it's good to find another foreigner in my neighborhood and you're you're happy with what you spend right? Oh I'm very happy I'm very happy I think I got a lot for my money you know the construction and solid construction I'm not worried about the building falling down right because it's not gonna fall down right no I get what you're saying I'm I'm really impressed with how well the contractor did because everything looks so square it's very impressive a lot of times you'll walk into a house around here and you'll look at straight lines where in the U.S. I know they would be straight and around here they'll be kind of jittery and all over the place but this was really well done so I mean like like he said before he's got less than 50k into this wonderful neighbors really peaceful neighborhood very peaceful here very peaceful and like we've been talking about sitting on his couch stress-free I mean are you stressed out? not at all no right exactly not at all the only stressful time is paying the electric bill yeah and that doesn't even stress me out right no I know it's it's this much of you know the monthly out so it's not a big deal but yeah no this is anyway so thank you for letting me see your house I appreciate it let everyone else see it and absolutely thanks for coming over yeah it's welcome anytime he keeps saying that but I'm gonna show up at 2 a.m. see what he says I'll be sleeping but well if you have a key you could get in but if not you could sit out there we have benches out there sounds good all right thank you for watching everyone