 Hi everybody, Makanang Harbourn SanjulaHab, I'm back with another reaction video and this time to 10 crazy things you'll only find in the Philippines. Now I'm pretty excited because there's a lot of weird stuff going on in the Philippines, but one exactly half they chosen in today's video. This is what's going to be really, really exciting. And I got my coffee ready. Hey, I forgot. A lot of people been asking me, what is Waki? Now I better tell you because this is really the reason why I came to the Philippines. First place, it is this. Now this is a Waki worm. Take a look at this. I'm going to put it on. I'm going to put it on. Waki, the magic worm. I don't know if you guys can see it. I don't have too much space here, but you can check out some of my other videos where I actually show you the Waki worm that moves around the fingers, around the... Yep, there you go. Pretty cute, huh? Or put a hand like this. And now all you got to say, wake up a little Waki and he starts moving. Now you guys probably already know you can buy this at National Bookstore, Expression, Ono and well, most other really popular stores in the Philippines. And if you're really lucky, you will see me demonstrating in one of these stores whenever I'm in the Philippines and I have time to go out and make some promotion for this product. Say hello, don't forget that. Alright, now let's get back to the video. I'm going to put tulokana hawakia. Tidukalangha. Tidukalangha. I'm going to close it. Oi, oi, oi, oi. Anabhawabwo. Tidukalah. Ayah. Tulokana sewakia. Okay, let's go back to the video we're going to react to today. It's top 10 crazy things you'll find only in the Philippines. Two minute five. Who said that Filipinos are just imitators? This statement cannot be farther from the truth. Even though the Philippines sport a good amount of influence from the West and even from Korea, there is no reason to say that the Philippines has nothing original. Seems like you are still in doubt. Are we right? Okay people, let's tell you about 10 strange things. Oh wow, that's the inmates of the prisoners from the Sibu jail that dances. Remember that video that went viral some years ago where they all did the Michael Jackson dance and song number. It was pretty amazing. I don't know if they do this in any other country, but in the Philippines, I mean, things will happen here. Things that you will only find in the Philippines. Okay. Trust us. You'll soon be packing your bags to see them for yourself. Number 10. The Hobbit House. Mandela is home to one of the weirdest themed restaurants in the world. The Hobbit House. The Hobbit House. I've actually been there. When I first came to the Philippines, it's down in the Malade or Amida area. It's a pretty good place to go to eat and drink. It's one of those places that really promoting to tourists to get them to go there and you know, see a restaurant or a bar that really is different from other places. I wonder if it's still there. I haven't been there like more than 10 years. I guess it's still there. Ideally speaking, it is a good place to relax, have a drink and get a bite to eat, but bars are commonplace. So what's so special about this one? As the name itself suggests, it is a Hobbit themed bar, but it's not only about the decoration. Jim Turner opened the bar in 1973 as a way to employ and help Mandela's little people be financially independent. Yep, the servers in the bar are little people with a big heart. Ever seen something like this before? Number 9. The world's largest pair of shoes. I've seen these. These are on display out at the Marikina. And it's at the River Banks Shopping Center. Actually, you can see them from outside the center. We don't really need to go inside there. And of course, you all know that Marikina used to be one of the most well-known places in the world for making shoes back in the day. When I was a kid, actually, I still remember people talking about shoes made in Marikina and I was definitely not living in the Philippines when I was a kid. So it was a really, really famous thing before. I hope they can revive the shoe industry again. Even a model wouldn't walk the runway in 16-inch heels. So guess who's going to wear these shoes? Exactly. Nobody. Measuring over 17 feet long and 8 feet wide, these giant dress shoes could fit 30 normal feet inside of them. So no one person can wear them, right? Certified by Guinness in 2002, the creation took a whopping 77 days to finish and cost over 2 million Philippine pesos. Wow, 2 million for a pair of shoes. Gosh, and they can't even wear them? Wow. Pretty amazing. Well, they are really big. But 2 million has a lot of money for a pair of shoes. Even though these shoes aren't the first thing that will come to your mind at the mention of the Philippines, they really are important to Marikina, where they sit grandly. Number 8, public transport. One of the most popular means of transport in the Philippines is the jeepney. But what's so special about them? The fare is relatively cheap, which might excite prospective tourists who are listening to us, but you gotta see the heavily crowded vehicle, which runs the streets without air conditioners. So think, well, I don't really think they are that crowded anymore. I mean, yes, they're crowded, but sitting on top of a jeepney today, I don't think that's allowed. And with regards to air condition, I remember I've seen some of these new modern jeepneys, they actually do have aircon. I don't know if they charge more. And the jeepneys that came out of those jeeps that were left over from the war, right, where the people simply just took the jeep and then modified it, which is really brilliant. It's basically like what they've also done with the tricycles, right? Tricycle has been remodeled, and it's a completely Filipino invention. It's great. It's nice to see people inventing new things. Twice before you step in. Forget this, you must hit your ride on Habal-Habal, when you are traveling away from Manila and into Mendano. This is basically a motor. What is Mendano? Does he mean Mendano? Cycle that carries up to 10 passengers with their baggage. Shocked, the trick lies in the balancing and resourcefulness of the drivers. Number 7. Black Nazarene. We're talking about a life-sized image of a dark-skinned, kneeling Jesus Christ carrying the cross on route to his crucifixion. It is enthrined in the minor basilica of the Black Nazarene in the Chiappo district of the city of Manila. It is said to have been carved by an unknown Mexican artist and brought to the Philippines in 1606. The icon is renowned in the Philippines. Wow. I remember first time I heard about this. There are so many people in the procession. And even today, whenever there is a procession of the Black Nazarene from Chiappo, I noticed that this is really a time where it should not go to Manila. You know, and as far as I understand, a lot of businesses are close during that time. And if not hundreds of thousands, maybe even millions of people line the streets. If they can get away with it, they want to touch the Black Nazarene as it is supposedly able to cure diseases. But, well, who knows. Is it even still the real one they are carting around? Or is it just a replica? I'm not sure. Guys, if you know anything more about the Black Nazarene, please let me know down below. I wish I could go and see it, but with all those people down there every year, but it happens I'm not really sure I'd like to try it. Man is considered by many Filipino Catholics to be miraculous. Its mere touch reputed to cure disease. The image is brought out of the shrine three times a year for processions. Seems like we have to go inside our holiday dates with that. Number 6. Sinara Pan The smallest food fish, as mentioned in the Guinness Book of World Records, is the Sinara Pan, a species of fish in the goby family. This isn't a thing you will find anywhere and everywhere, because, hello, it is endemic to the Philippines, where it occurs along the Beakle River and in Lake Spui. The fish grows up to 2.5. I never heard about that fish. I better go to the market later and see if I can find one of them. They are not too big. It's going to have a centimeter which is just like really tiny little fish. I guess you've got to have a whole bunch of them to make a meal. You could put them maybe in a fish salad that could be an idea. I don't know how to make them. Anybody got any ideas? How do you cook these? It's about 5cm long and is transparent with a few dark spots and black eyes. So while visiting the Philippines, you know what snack you can't miss. It might be a once in a lifetime kind of thing. Number 5. Philippine Tarziet One of the smallest primates known to mankind is the Philippine Tarziet, which measures only about 85 to 160mm and weighs less than 5 ounces. And yes, it is endemic to the Philippines as the name might have suggested already. The Philippine Tarziet's eyes are fixed in its skull. They cannot move in their sockets. Instead, a special adaptation in the neck allows its round head to be rotated 180 degrees. The most interesting thing is that this seems to be the smallest tar siar around. I know there's also tar sias in Thailand. As I mentioned in one of my previous videos, my sister actually got one when she visited my place in Bangkok. She voted at the market, middle of the night. I remember Volga with all the noise and the commotion from her room. That was simply the tar sias finally waking up at night and hunting for, I don't know what they eat. Some kind of like little flying insects I guess. But that was really something you should not do. Do not buy tar sias and keep it at home. It doesn't work. I tell you straight away. But wait a second. This sounds like it's really, really tiny. So maybe this is the smallest tar siar in the world. Is that true? Okay. Let's have a look. The interesting thing is that even though many people believe them to be mini monkeys, they are more closely related to lemurs. Number four. Weird delicacies. Most people will be shocked to hear about some delicacies Filipinos enjoy. One being de nuguan, a stew of pork or meat simmered in a rich, spicy, dark gravy of pig blood, garlic, chili and vinegar. But that actually tastes good. If you haven't tried it, you should give it a try. It tastes really good. I tell you what, there's a lot of different food. Or strange food or whatever you might call it in the Philippines. This is not the strange, as I've seen how about a crocodile lecchan. I've seen that. That sounds pretty weird. And I'm pretty sure also we're going to get balloon in this movie. I'll say it wouldn't really be the top 10 crazy things, right? But it definitely belongs there. But let's have a look at this food here for me. This is not too weird or crazy. I mean, how about those fruit bats? I've seen them somewhere. Also the iguanas. I'm pretty sure there are other things that they eat in the Philippines that are more crazy than this. Yes, we set a gravy of pig blood. Some of you may lose your appetite, but the rest can enjoy it when they get the Philippines. But wait, we have more. Filipinos love to eat eggs. To boring? Eggs aren't special. It is the form that they are eaten in that is bizarre. Balut is a developing bird embryo that is boiled and eaten from the shell. Guys, there we go. I told you the balloon was coming up always. Whenever they talk about crazy, funny, strange food in the Philippines, it has to be balut. Yeah! This is really funny because Balut, as I understand, is a duck embryo. But a lot of people in other countries or foreigners who come here do not understand that it's actually a duck. Then they think it might be a chicken egg, which is not. It is a duck. Another funny thing that many people don't really know is that balut is not just a thing you eat in the Philippines. They also have it in other countries around Southeast Asia. I have seen balut. I forgot what they call it right now, in Vietnam, in Cambodia, and in South of China. Of course, in South of China, they basically eat everything, as long as it has got legs on it. Well, I guess they eat everything that doesn't have legs as well. Well, they eat everything in South of China and Guangzhou. And what they are saying is that the balut actually originated in the South of China and was brought down here by Chinese. To the Philippines and the Philippines, I simply just loved it and well, I don't know. I don't think I could eat a balut. I've seen a lot of people eating balut. Oh my god, balut. I really gotta try that one day. Wow, I've been here too long. Still never tried it. No, I haven't. Let's see. Maybe I'll make a challenge later. Not in this video though, huh? Maybe I'll make another video where I'm gonna challenge myself to eat crazy, strange, weird, Filipino food. What do you think? Should I make a video like that? If you think yes, leave me a comment below and what food should it be? Should it be balut? Should it be crocodile-letchant or should it be maybe, let's say, the top five creases foods I can find in the Philippines? Let me know what the top five are in your opinion. Okay, let's get back to the bullet number four with the balut. You are right. It is controversial due to religious, animal welfare and human health concerns. But whatever, it's yummy. Number three, the Phoenix car. We're talking about a biodegradable car made of bamboo, ratan, steel and nylon. Now, doesn't that sound like the future of the automobile industry? This lightweight, green tech-powered yet economically viable, 153-inch-long concept car. Okay, guys, they keep showing us pictures of videos of other cars like the Ferrari. Where is the Phoenix? I wanna see the Phoenix. Show us more pictures of it, guys. Or was handmade by a team of skilled weavers and craftsmen in only 10 days. The Phoenix's naturally woven skin, which biodegrades together with the life of the car, should survive the average length of car ownership. And after this amount of time, it can be replaced inexpensively if the owner wishes to keep the car longer, or naturally return to mother earth. You guessed it right, people. It was made by a Filipino. Wow, that's a good invention, man. Half-barrel entry offers you its own set of, I remember the bell, man. Wow, just only the Philippines. Of souvenirs to choose from, and the Philippines is no different. So when you decide to shop on your vacation to this interesting country, you are bound to come across barrel man. It is basically a toy in the form of a wooden statue of a man inside a barrel. The first timers will be shocked when they remove the barrel, because their in front of your eyes will be a wooden man, sporting a prominent phallic protrusion in the lower part of the figure's anatomy. This is no joke, people. Guys, this is absolutely so Filipino. That country is so many things abandoned in regards to that kind of thing. But here you actually have a barrel man showing his, you know, whatever, full nakedness. No wonder that the two are just by this. It's just really Filipino, you know? And if you're lucky, you may encounter a female version of this toy. The surprise is the surprise. Obviously. Okay. World's largest banknote. An ideal banknote in terms of size is one that fits into a pocket easily. You wouldn't want one that you have to stuff inside a duvet to keep from tearing. That'll defeat the purpose of its existence, right? But then they can be seen as prized possessions of collectors, as was the case with the world's largest banknote. This slightly larger than a four-sized banknote. 100,000 pesos. A four-size. Wow, that's big, huh? How are you even going to carry that around? Have you ever seen one of these banknotes? 100,000 pesos from 1998? I've never seen one of those. If you have, can you please let me know? I'd love to see one of them. Printed by the Philippine government in 1998 marked 100 years of Philippine independence from Spanish to... So it's basically mostly for the collectors, you know? It's not really like a banknote you go out and spend. I mean, can you imagine going up to the cashier down at the local size, or as I say, hey, you know? You know? You know coke, you know? You know? You know? Do you see fruit come? And here, there's my 100,000 pesos banknote. Can you please give me change? Ha! Wow. So if us haven't seen such a huge banknote, but Filipinos are a blessed lot. Which of these crazy things about the Philippines enticed you the most? Let us know in the comments section below. Subscribe to our channel if you like this video. Subscribe to our channel. Okay. Well, guys, for me, those are definitely the crazy things, which you basically just find here. The Philippines, but whether they are the craziest things, I'm not really sure. Because I think I've seen a lot of other crazy stuff in the Philippines. Maybe it's time to make a tough 10 crazy things found just in the Philippines by trending the Andres. So if I'm going to make one of these, can you please let me know in the comments exactly what are the things? What are the craziest things you think are in the Philippines? Let's make a new top 10 list of the craziest things found just in the Philippines. Of course, we need to include Balut and I might even have to try it. So guys, I'll see you next time trending the Andres.