 I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. My friend is here. Welcome to the channel We Wonder. I'm Kuyakori. And I'm at the east side. And we've been wondering southern Laita for over a month. Today we're headed to Makura Hone, which is the caving capital of southern Laita. I don't know about all Laita. And we're going to see at least one case, maybe two. We're also going to stop off on the way and ask about getting to Lima-Sawa Island. Because we want to start doing some islands. We've been too much on the mainland. And it's getting old. Final update before we head out. Because I want to be as transparent as possible. Thank you guys so much for watching all the ads. I know every single viewer watches every ad. Thank you guys so much. Because of that, money on... We had to switch our Google ad since I don't know if you were following that or not. We lost the money on our old ads. And on the new ads since we've already made enough that we can get paid again. We're going to send something in the mail with like a confirmation number to my parents back home. Because that's my address I have in there. Then my mom's going to send me that number. And once I put it into Google, we can start getting paid again. So thank you guys so much. Right now is the time we need more than ever for you to share the videos. Subscribe. Find whoever you think might like it and let them know. Because we need to get everything going up. Because we're getting so close to where we can just delete the coffee and do it on our own. And of course if you are new to this channel, don't forget to click that bell button there. So that you won't miss anything. Alright, we've talked way too long at the beginning of the vlog already. Let's go. We're at our first stop, Bergo, trying to figure out where to go to learn about the information for LumaSawa. We came to it looks like the fore, but it doesn't look to be like a actual building for buying tickets or anything. So I'm not really sure. Okay guys, we got the information we needed. We talked to the Coast Guard and he knew everything we needed. It sounds like this is super doable on our budget right now. I was worried about island hopping because I was afraid it'd be too expensive. But guess here in Leite, it's still just as cheap as everything else. So it's only 75 pesos each for the ticket on the boat. So one leaves at 8 in the morning so we'll try to do that one when we go. And apparently we can take the motorbike as well. So that's all we need to know. Look out for LumaSawa vlog coming in the next week or so maybe. Most of the green kids are right. They're in this boy's room. So we're here in the Buranga Hall right now. To get here just come to Buranga, come borrow. Don't like try to track the actual cave itself just find this Buranga and then come to the Buranga Hall. So I said this is a traditional Halo Halo. Hi. Alright we're headed out to the cave with our guides. What were your names again? Jarelin Magaliani. And... And... And Jordi. So we're headed to the cave now. I think this is the most famous cave in Leite. Is that true? The Cambaro is a cave capital of southern Leite. They actually have a lot of caves here but only the Bunan Cave is safe for now for... Oh that's the actual name of this cave? Yeah. What is it? The Bunan Cave. The Bunan Cave. Okay. As I said, the other caves are the bonus ones still being assessed by E and R. So maybe someday if you come here later, there'll be other caves you can explore as well. And then... There're lots ofrans picnic places at the top of this mountain. There's a Bieb We've commerce changed here to a commemorative place. I'll show you the statues, the statue. Yeah that's right. The entrance fee here is 65 each and I include the light and helmet and then also you have to pay 150 each for the guide which means I were saying is nice because it's set so you don't have to think too much about it. Alright we're here to the cave. It's a nice walk to get here. Very beautiful through the forest but now we go underground. Alright one line going there. I need to refrain from touching the walls so I have to be a little careful because I'm holding a camera. Sometimes I'm only going to the camera like I reach for the walls because I'm falling but I'm doing my best. I'm not touching those walls. Alright guys that's the end of the cave we're headed back out. It's very cool. Wow my gosh it was so beautiful. It's like it's fur. Okay we're headed back to our bike route. This was really cool. What do you think? Highly recommend. I highly recommend too. It's not the longest cave we've ever been in and you don't swim through any of it but does that really matter. I think it's the most beautiful cave we've been in because so much of it is still alive. Like there's so much cow sight in there just everywhere and they tell you so many areas you can't touch and it makes sense you see those areas that they say don't touch and it's like yeah that's gorgeous. I don't want to kill that. This cave is super super beautiful. We both recommend the CLL approval. Come here and check. If you're watching this years later after it came out, check for whatever our most recent trip to Latae is. If it's not this one if we come back in the future and see if we came here and they opened up all the other caves that are here. Yeah because they still have a lot of caves that are yet to be approved by D and R. They mentioned Campedro Cave. According to them that's the one that you need to swim through. Oh we're coming back for that someday. And they have like a little waterfall inside the cave. In the cave? Yes. Oh my gosh yeah. So next time we're in Latae this is definitely on our list to come back to and see if they're open. If you're here, whenever you're here, ask about the other caves because maybe they'll be open when you're here. Whoa dude. That thing's big. It's spring mantis. Yeah. I don't know if I've ever seen one in person. Yeah I have back home. Okay. It feels like we are the kitten. It's so small. We're at Benahau Spring now. Which is just like a little swimming area like a big old pool kind of. There's some cottages you could get. There's 30 pesos each to get in. I don't know if we're going to spend much time here or not but we'll check it out. So many clay fish in here. They're really big. Oh my gosh. Obviously this is the part where you swim. I guess this is the swim over there. The water is so clear. It's so nice. It seems like it would be a really nice place to just relax. It's been the day. Okay. We're going to go out of here. We really don't want to swim today to be honest. As boring as that sounds. We're not in the swimwear at all. We didn't plan to swim. We only plan to do caves. We're going to head back to Sogo now. But this place seems cool. You recommend it. For a family outing. For a family outing. Yeah. That's nice. Very nice clear water. So we're just driving by going to get food and cooking wreath. And then we both notice a sign on the edge of the road that says Santa Cruz Molo Polo Marine Park which is a place that I wanted to go to and I couldn't figure out where it was at. And I'm like, well there it is. It's located in Barangay. Santa Cruz here in Macaroon. It's dangerous guys. This is cool guys. Reminds me of where we were at yesterday on accident. Wow. Guys, there's so many different fish down there. I don't even know where to point the camera. I'm pointing at one group and I'm like, oh look at that. So this gate is shut here which is the way down. It's like you can't go down and snorkel. There's so many beautiful fish here. So if you look down here you can see it looks like there used to be a way to go all the way out there. I'm back here but it's under construction back here. So maybe they're like renovating right now to get everything back so you can walk like that far out. I don't know. Okay, I can't see a place that's beautiful and not attempt to fly the drone. If you watched yesterday's video you know about it having some issues but we're going to try it. We just need to accept, we need to accept right now. If the drone falls out of the sky we're okay with it. We're taking the risk. We know the risks involved. Let's go. Guys this is what the drone's showing. If anyone has had this problem with the drone before and there's anything about it please let me know in the comments below. It may not be able to fly this. I've turned it off three times and I can't get it to not do that screen. I don't know what happened. It was working for the last few days and it hasn't crashed again since then. It seemed like it was fine. Yeah, I can't get it to stop doing this. I don't know what to do. I guess I'm going to research on it a little bit today and then if I don't find anything I guess let me know in the comments if anyone has any information about what to do to fix this. It says everything else is good, right? You go it's got GPS. I've flown it multiple times since the crash. Home point's been updated. Yeah I don't know but really unfortunate if we've lost this drone. It's really a big hit to the vlog and it sucks but yeah I guess we're going to go eat because there's nothing else to record here if we can't record the drone shot. This place is still really gorgeous. I highly recommend it. It doesn't look like you can snorkel here right now. I don't know if you ever can or not but it's really cool. Come out here and check out the fish. There's so many cool ones to see and a lot that you can't really even see on the video because they're a little bit deeper but there's really big ones down there. So wow since we had a good mainspring. We ate here at Cootting Reef. Really nice place. We did a vlog on it a few days ago. You can check it out. We've just been doing a lot of research trying to figure out what to do next. We're actually getting to the point where everything we want to do is pretty far away. We're going to have to start getting up pretty early and traveling far. Before long we'll be done with all the things we can do here in southern Laetay. And then I don't know what we're going to do. We're going to have to move on to somewhere else. But I don't know how we're going to have the funds for that. I don't know. I guess we'll just have to worry about that later.