 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fest. And this is the commodity. And today we're reacting to 10 Strangest Things found in the Philippines. Part two, if you haven't seen the first one, go ahead and pause this video, click over to part one, and then check this one out. Before we hop in, if you guys would go ahead and give this video a like, it'll help us get this video out to more people, and it'll definitely help out the channel. If you would like to go ahead and see more videos that we post, go ahead and click the subscribe button and the bell notification. That way you can be informed on every video we post. And then lastly, if you guys want to help support the channel, even further, you can click that join button below this video. So let's go ahead and hop into the 10 Strangest Things Part two. Philippines. And the Philippines just got there. This was like a couple days ago or yesterday. They just got their first gold medal. They did? The Olympics. So congratulations. Yes. From edible duck embryos to rat eating carnivorous plants, here are 10 of the strangest things found in the Philippines. Carnivorous plant. Sounds fun. Sounds scary. The Kayal Man. After spending four years exploring a network of caves with the Philippines, archaeologists found a human football. That's not cool. Well, this might not sound cool. That exciting. It turns out the bone dates back 67,000 years. That is cool. Now known as the Kayal Man, he was found in the Kayal Caves near Peña Blanca. This cave discovery was huge because this bone was 20,000 years older than the Teibon Man, who was previously thought to be the first human to have lived in the Philippines. That's insane. The discovery also marked the awareness that the Kayal Man not only could navigate the seas on a raft, but that he was a skilled hunter, since there were bones from deer and wild boar found around the human remains. The hunting skills most likely predate this find as tools way older than these human remains. Wait, did you offer a buffalo? That's telling you more about the player. Or are these just a brand of pictures? It was also one of the earliest. Well, they had those water buffalo looking things. Yeah, but that was like a full size, something you see out in the plains of, what was that game called? Oregon Trail? Yeah. Or you killed the buffalo? The fossils found in the Asia Pacific region. Number nine, purple crabs. You know that every time a new creature gets discovered around here, we all get excited. In 20 days. That's cool. Yeah. Purple crab were discovered. Where else in the Philippines? The Philippines is extremely biologically diverse, but many species that we haven't even heard about before are already being threatened. Fun fact, conservation international. List the Philippines as one of 17 countries that holds most of the Earth's plant and animal life. These freshwater crabs with wild animals. That's a beautiful animal. The colors that discovered on the island of Pallawan, the nearby mining activities in the region are really hurting them. And about half of them are endemic. That is not cool. That is not cool. That these little guys can't be found anywhere else on the planet. It's crazy that there's so many animals that we just learn are out there, but they're also going extinct. Yeah, yeah, it's in a horrible situation. And they're already in trouble. This sea keeps these vibrant crabs from being able to spread any further since they depend on the fresh water and the water to breed and survive in general. One cool thing that happened from their isolation from other crab species around the world is that they've basically developed their own identity. This includes a purple-red hue that can't be found anywhere else. They can discriminate colors. That is so beautiful. That is so beautiful. How do we cause that? Number eight, the Laguna Copper Plate Inscription. The Laguna Copper Plate Inscription is another important discovery that helps us better understand the history of the Philippines. It's a legal document that dates back all the way I want to see this face like pressing up against the glass. The written document in the Philippines. During the 10th century, scholars generally believed that the Philippines were isolated from most of Southeast Asia. There was the Khmer Empire, which was called the mainland. And the Gs were mostly controlled by this three V-jogs. Those are things that I want to visit. Me too. There were others, but we don't have enough time in this video. But there was no mention of the Philippines until the Laguna Copper Plate Inscription or LCI for short. The LCI was the one artifact found that made scholars reevaluate the relationship between the Philippines and the rest of Asia. It reveals the influence of Hindu culture and names several towns and indicates there were interactions between the islands and the empire. D'acute dog. He has his priorities, right? The Copper Plate was found during a dredging project in 1989 by a laborer. Even though he tried to sell it several times, no one seemed to care. Until finally, the Philippine National Museum bought it and an anthropologist started telling him. I wonder how much they paid. Yeah, that's what I was about to say. More of these Copper plates that were lost. So if you're from the Philippines, keep an eye out. He probably took like 100 bucks from like, yes, and then realizing. He should have spent his new hair and clicked on the notification bell so you don't miss out on the latest videos. Number seven, 700,000 year old tools. It's pretty incredible to think that no matter how far we come in the fields of science and technology, the world is still full of secrets. It turns out the Philippines has many. Recently, some stone tools were found that predate the arrival of modern humans to the islands by around 600,000 years. Near the tools were the remaining part of the Earth. Most likely between 631,777,000 years old. Before this discovery, the earliest evidence of ancient humans had been found in Luzon's Kayal Cave. And it was the 67,000 year old foot bone I just told you about. This means that an ancient species of human occupied the Philippines much earlier than we originally thought. The fact that these tools archaeologists found were dated to about 700,000 years ago has re- It's so crazy how they can like, date those. Mm-hmm. Like how do you date something like 500,000 years or 700, like what makes the difference between 500 and 700,000? So since it's all made out of carbon, they can actually, they have a system that actually can date the age of, like the age of the actual carbon itself. Let's just create that. That's why they call it carbon dating. Written human history, this means that early humans were able to successfully cross a huge, expansive ocean and populate the Philippines. Significant deep sea crossings were done much sooner than we originally believed. Number six, rat eating pitcher plant. Who could be cooler than a carnivorous jungle plant? Well, not a whole lot. And taken to account the fact that this innocent plant actually is a death. Wow. And you really have a lot of your hands. Little house of horse. Yeah. Yeah. Scientists recently discovered new species of pitcher plant on the face of Mount Victoria. It also happens to be one of the largest carnivorous plants ever discovered and has been named after the famous naturalist and TV personalities, Sir David Attenborough. This species usually sticks to small prey, like insects and spiders. And maybe they use a master bird if it was lucky enough to be captured. This giant version of pitcher plant is a specialist at... How does one get lucky enough to catch a bird? I think it's... As a plant. I think it's something like if they curiosity or maybe fall from a tree or something like that. Or maybe it has like a toxin inside of it than like, maybe... Paralyzed. But they're saying it's like... I think it's understanding that it's rare, right? For them to actually catch a bird or a rat. Capturing unsuspecting vertebrates. As you can tell from the name, it specializes in rats. The plant can lure these rats in with their sweet nectar scent. And when the rat comes in there, they don't drink the plant's liquid. It gets stuck in the gooey sap instead. Once the rat is trapped, acid-like digestive enzymes break down the rat slowly to be... It's a horror film. So it's like a legit rat trap. Yeah. She says like a horror story. Oh, did she really? It's Blanket of Vantin. It's strange to think that the folk style Blankets we see adorning living rooms all across the country actually came from a much more ritualistic tradition. The essential elements of the... Same guy with the dog. From the idea of death blanket. Now he has two. He had two different kinds of... Oh, do you know? That's why it's easy as for an order to stray. The oldest known piece of dyed cloth found in the Philippines is called the Bantan Burial cloth. It was found in a wooden coffin in Bantan, Ramblon, and is estimated to be around 400 years old. So you're moved to blanket out of a coffin? I don't need to leave these blankets to wrap her back during burial. In the Philippines, cloth weaving is an ancient art and a long and complicated process. So it doesn't mean that the death blanket of Bantan, Ramblon, is the oldest. It's crazy how long it takes to make those. And they sell them so cheap. I don't think it takes them that long, especially with a loom. But it's still a lengthy, like it's a very intricate process. Just one of the first ones to be discovered in such good condition. And it won't kill you, even though death blanket sounds kind of scary. Number four, Adidas. One of the strangest things about the Philippines might be the street food. The sportswear brand. The idea of bizarre delicacies. This might be right up your alley. The first time I heard Adidas, I thought I was referring to the sports shoe company, you know, but it turns out it's something totally different. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I've heard that if you ask for Adidas, you're going to get some nice grilled chicken feet. The claws, tips of the toes, and the tough outer layer is removed first. And then it's grilled and basted, so won't be tough or scratchy when you take that first bite. I'm curious. I've always wanted to try. I wouldn't mind try that. That looks good. When the first step of the step of the step was abundant in the 1950s, street food vendors chose to sell more expensive cuts of meat. But by the 1970s, the country had experienced an economic crash. It's the nails that kind of throw me off. Things like chicken, pig, and cow guts became valuable. And the price to your cuts of meat were impossible to get your hands on. The term Esau came from the word that was fine. All of this looks good. You can eat on a lineup of tea, necessarily, but there are some people who swear by the street food in the Philippines. Number three, striped-faced flying fox. I picture somebody sitting next to a street food vendor and just clasps. Not a box. That's a swearbind. The reason she said that was discovered not long after scientists took no longer exists. This type-faced flying fox looks like a cute character out of a cartoon. There's another flying fox like there is in Australia. That's the same team that found the other animal that they said was just found. The crabs. Oh, oh. It was a few days into the survey when a creature was captured in the researcher's net by accident. Boy, were they surprised when they finally were able to identify it? Dude, look, look, stitch together. It reminds me of Jeepers creepers. Yeah, look at it. It looks stitched together, doesn't it? And again, the fingers. The fingers, man. They're so long. It's insane. He's got a thumb. Hell, no. I can play. I can text message. You'd know I'm Philippines. Orange fur and distinctive white stripes across its brow and jaw. One of the coolest things about this story is that the closest living relative to this they look like a dog in the face. They're 15 miles away on an island in Indonesia. It's safe to find it. Is that why they call it a flying fox? It's not wrong about this species of fruit bat. That means that there are probably other species waiting to be found. Number two, Balloot. Here's another street food item that might shock you. Chicken on a stick is one thing, but Balloot is quite another. So what is Balloot? I don't know. For starters, it's a duck egg, which doesn't sound so bad. But add the fact that the egg is fertilized and allowed to develop from 16 to 20 days before it's cooked. Things get interesting, unless you're vegetarian. In which case, you should just go ahead and skip to number one. At this point in development, the embryo looks like the duckling that it is. Complete with eyes, beak, and sometimes other. I don't think I could do this one. So in your point, one of these, you're basically eating a duck fetus. And I just don't know how to feel about that. I don't think I would be brave enough to try it. No, I don't think I would be too. So why does it look like that? But at the beginning, it showed that. Well, because they started with food, they're like, hey, food, and then it's the shock factor. Okay. They're trying to throw you off. But then I think I could do that. I could not. No, I think I could. Nope. I mean, I am very open to trying foods, but that one, I couldn't do it. I could try it. And, Oton Death Mask. Oton. Don't be fooled by appearances. Well, this might look like a character. What about Oton? I would try to buy, so I would go to the end. Oton, ton, ton. I'm sort, depending on how you look at it. It was actually used for something completely different. Early people used to use gold ornaments for the face of the deceased. More specifically, the three eyes. Yeah, that's seeming creepy, ears. And mouth, which is similar to an ancient Chinese practice. These gold masks would protect the body from evil spirits. This Oton Death Mask was one of the first discovered in the Philippines. And it's all the way to the late 14th to early 15th centuries. It also proved the Philippines were wealthier than many people believed. And had a good source of gold. Probably why the Spanish liked it so much. Probably. You're so silly. Strangest things found in the Philippines. Is that the one we just watched? No, because we watched 10 Strangest Things. There's another one. Let us know if you want to see that. Yeah, that's... Whatever that is, it looked really refreshing. It does. You got to get to know your friends really well. This was a good video. I liked this. So what was it called again? Oton Death Mask? No, before that one. The chicken. The chicken. Balluit. Balluit. Are... Is that pretty normal for people to eat or is it like... I dare you to eat it, it's gross. My question would be... I mean, obviously there's something good about it because they could have just eaten the egg. Or they could have just hatched the chicken. But there are people that literally eat like up in Alaska. They eat what's it called when something kind of goes bad. Firmament. Well, kind of fermented. Were they buried under the ground and stuff? And they'll let it ferment over time. But it's like, supposedly only the elders can actually handle it. Because it's such a... Like, you have to have a very like mature palette. I don't know, there's got to be something good about it. Well, it could be like a small group of people actually like it. A very small group. Let us know if this is something that you guys like. And if it's pretty common to be eating in the Philippines, I wouldn't mind trying it. I'd have to be paid. This is one that I'm like... I think the site sort of thing we get paid to make videos. Yeah. Yeah. It would take some... Like, I'd be so mad we find a way to get it here and we try it and we get like... 100 views on that video. So... It's all about the experience. But if I'm doing the experience, I want someone to watch that one. I'm sure it's a hard swallow. That's a no for me, Doug. Yeah. 100%. I wear glasses. Oh yeah? I got Randy Jackson glasses on right now. That's the the looserest thing I've ever heard. Mr. What is it? Versace. Versace glasses? All right guys. Like I'm the monotony. Well guys, if you all enjoyed this video, please hit the like button. If you want to see our future videos, hit the subscribe button and don't forget to ring a ding that notification bell. So you can be sure to know when our next video is posted. Because you're talking about this lesson with you. I'm struggling because you're like, I said ring a ding. And of course, if you want to support us directly, hit the join button. And with that being said, my name is Miles. And my name is Feth. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out.