 Welcome home Hello Hello Hi It looks like a super model retreat It looks excited for this Three, two, one, let's go Yeah, yeah Good guys, why can't you try it? Yeah I I am back in the Philippines I took an early flight Super super early red-eye flight Two, I'm here to the tangas Yes, this is the ocean in the background I am here for a very very special reason I got reunited with my Philippine Bestie cat And I'm here with a lot of other content creators And I would say celebrities A lot of personalities Yeah, for a very special occasion Say hello to the vlog Hi Hello Hi Kat Hi I don't know why are you here Why are you making here We shall see, but first the deed Yeah, and Tio My name is Dom, we don't know To the ways of wealthy retreat Oh, this is a fitness retreat It looks like a super model retreat It looks like a super model It looks like a super model It looks like a super model It looks like a super model retreat Look at those beauties over here Wow Okay, we do have some photographers here On beauty And let's make sure we get a good shot We are off to our first event Which is a sponsored event by Seltz's I think And Nikolash So, good day Good day And We have been looking at brands here Oh my god, we have never seen so many products This is the boss And we are all going to have customized Magnetic lashes Because you can just put this on Magnets No damage How do you like the eyeliner? Love it It looks so good So I think this must be really funny For the guys to serve Are we so excited about lashes Oh my god Beautiful, I love it So, the actual activity starts now So we have a very work hard, you know The gender I love And then we are going to proceed to yoga We will have a sunbat and meditation later on So, I am also excited for this Hello, hey Hi, how are you guys? Is everyone here? Here we go again Straighten to the wall Here we go again We fall a bit too We just get back up again Get back up again Get back up again Get back up again I think you guys realized that I had a big shift in the way how I live life I went from pastoral culture, from like chasing success to really slow life And being more aligned with my values which you can also see on the vlogs here So, I also wanted to give you a little bit more of an insight how that happened But I realized sometimes we get so caught up in the business mindset that we forget about our spiritual side And Bali has really opened my eyes in terms of spirituality I think you can tell that my aura is very different I am more calm, I am more aligned as well And at peace And just recently it was my birthday And I realized how much more aligned I am with my human design and my zodiac sign Libra It's crazy! And I started to just attract certain things that just make sense to me Ugh! And I know that people all day who say hey that is BS Like you are just too spiritual, you're going too fondly But I do have to say that I realized there are reoccurring patterns, reoccurring things in my life, characteristics, traits that I've seen so far And it can't be coincidence And yeah, this is where Yoda comes in They give you readings about your horoscope And the way how they do it is they ask for your birth charts, where you're born, when you're born What kind of zodiac sign you are Astrology connects people with a human design And it highlights natural strengths, love, compatibility and inner talents And it gives you a deeper understanding of oneself, brings positive changes to love life, family, friendship, career and wellness I personally use it to get to know myself better and I also use it for love advice And it seems like 2024 will be my year So yeah, if you want to give it a try, I will leave a link in the description box down below And now back to the block Okay, here's some gameplay Passing on the counting I'm on the prize Three, two, one, let's go! It's a relay, let's go! That's it, that's it! Let's go! I'm going to go first Let's go! Alright, I'm done! Let's go guys, let's go! They need you! And then the next one will be 12 Hey, hey, lower, lower, lower! Wait! Upward! I do have to say that the location is pretty, pretty amazing So we have these beach villas here, where we were just working out and then right here We have kind of like a black sand beach, an amazing sunset, there's some nice swimming over there And right now we are going to do some journaling, intention setting And we're also going to do a guided sound bath and meditation Which is pretty awesome Something that I do on a regular basis But yeah, it's good to do together So we've been at the market for the past 18 years Yeah, so we get everybody gets on the air We also just appreciate the sunset, yeah, it's stunning Wow, look at that, like golden yellow Everybody getting excited? Oh my god, you're really good, yeah So sweet, look at that Wow, like a lot of people are talking about this And then as you saw, like In social media, you see like, it's used as the plan What's the point of planning? It's going to get canceled anyway, right? But the problem is, like after that, you see a lot of increases in spikes in anxiety Because planning is actually a mental health tool Writing the journaling aspect is really learning about yourself when what you want What do I want to do in my life? And that's why it goes back to the question The dream Even if it's hard to dream They just still dreams The writing's down, like what the day, what do you want? So we just finished a sunbathe And it started raining But actually fun, it's very, very good It could feel the rain, you can hear the ocean in the background Everybody's just so relaxed But we will warm up How was it? So good Yeah, literally like a sound bath Yeah, so good Good guys, like you should try it Yeah, thank you, thank you bad That was a thank you bad, thank you Yeah, actually the sunbathe in El Nido Around like one and a half years ago And it was life changing Really, there's this woman called Imano And she is the Srikhi Hila And she did the shamanic ritual It was really amazing Super, super loved it Very relaxed, I feel very blessed to be here Surrounded by amazing souls Yeah, that is good Happy to be there Alrighty, if you made it this far you must either be a hardcore fan Or you really enjoyed my content, so thank you so so much for it And if you want to show me a token of appreciation This is how you can support my channel Do all of the things that are shown here And also feel free to share my channel Nelly's life or what's a Philippines to somebody Who you think would enjoy my content too And you can also buy me a coffee So I stay a sunshine And you can either do so via PayPal Or by becoming a channel member So it's a small fee that just keeps this channel going Keeps nelly going And of course all channel members are getting a shout out at every end of the video So