 Welcome back to the Joint Base Podcast. If you're new here, we react to everything military today is no different. The march of the Valiant without wasting further time, let's get into it. When the Korean War broke out in 1950, immediately the Philippine government and the leadership of President El Pizzo Curino offered to support. Although at that time, you know, we still are recovering from the damage of World War II. This is to sacrifice to put till the commitment of our country to help a member nation in need. And he says the price of freedom was something that we fought for with our blood and we were going to do it again. Authorized also an act of Congress. The Republic of 573, which was passed in early September 1950. It provided the legal authority for a total of five different Philippine, battalion combat teams or peftok battalions to help defend the billigard South Koreans. Philippine sent five battalion combat teams to Korea with a total strength of 7,420 officers and men. And it was all through the idea of President Trino. Now, we were trained. We were never forced. And we were trained, so we were prepared. No, shaken thoughts. And since we had all volunteered, we were a very happy bunch in spite of the fact that we anticipated how to shoot. So let's, you know what? Let's think about that for a second. 7,420 men, not just men, Philippine soldiers that stood up and are willing to sacrifice their life for South Korea. That's saying a lot. And this lead threats only Korean progress. At two sides, till another nation joins the drawing UN command, as 1,200 men of a fact Philippine regimental combat team come adored. 11 November when we started the first patrol between Mewdung up to Shinji. I was leading the group because I was with the tanks. But the farther, farther is there were three ships. Now we reinforce them. Then followed by two companies, the Abel and Baker companies. Then before we have to cross the hill which was dividing the area between towns, we have to cross a bend. Now in that bend farther there was 45 areas by the North Koreans. Suppose this is a hill. There are four lines of ranges. So when we were able to clear that area, they started firing at us. It was so surprising that the lagoon everybody could not move because I am with the tank. Let's put that in perspective a little bit. This is their first time going out of patrol. They just got there. It is negative 15 below zero. They are freezing cold. They are going on this patrol. For those of you who don't know, there are different types of patrols, there are presence patrols. From what it sounds like, they are just trying to get a fill for the area. Trying to see what is around them so they can take it all in and come up with a plan on what they need to do next. They come across the Koreans, the North Koreans, who are already dug into this position. They were already dug into this position long before the Philippines got there. They take heavy fire. Like he said, he is looking around, trying to see what everyone is doing. Everyone was pinned down. For those of you that have never been in combat, the first thing you want to do in a firefight is gain fire superiority. Kill or be killed. As a combat veteran myself, I can tell you that there are really two types of soldiers. There are soldiers that love combat and there are soldiers that do combat because it is necessary. What this guy is speaking is straight gold. He gained fire superiority by getting up in the tank. He knew that it was killer, be killed. He started laying down suppressive fire with this machine gun. And you can hear the excitement in this guy's voice. He is loving every second of this. I am a man, I am a man, I am a man, I am a man, I am a man, I am a man. After that, I was in the hospital for 30 minutes, and I was in the hospital for 100 days. I was in the US, I was in the US, and I was in the US because of that. After that, I was in the US for 5 years. That was just the start. The Pakistanis came to the US. They told me that in the north, there was a report that they were going to attack the EU in tropes. You don't know much about it. You don't know. Just then, the Chinese and the Koreans were inaugurating the first phase of what they called Chinese Spring Offensive. So if you don't know about the Battle of Yoldong, it's a freaking fantastic battle, where you got a thousand Filipinos going up against 40,000 North Koreans. If you don't know about it, check it out here. They were being attacked by the communists in mass. What the Chinese did was the mass-dare forces in the center, penetration. They took the attack and then less strong forces on the side. There were Chinese who were able to penetrate the ranks of the Turks. The Turks, the one in the pistol, similarly the party reconned the left, also the design. They gave way. They were able to get the right, they were able to get the right. Here came now the electricity holding onto their line. Using the bayonet, 10 to 10, use a hand grenade sensor and so on and so forth. The power of the Korean government is very strong. Holding the Voltaire, God is always a design of the greater battalion. How can you face your only 700 when the Koreans and the Chinese said about 700,000? That has. So what he's saying is you have the Turk military was overrun. They abandoned their post. You have the Puerto Ricans that were also overrun. They abandoned their post and now you have the Philippine soldiers fighting for their life. They're completely surrounded by the enemy. And if anybody should leave their post, it should be these guys because now they have they're surrounded on all sides. But no, they stayed in fight and that's what made the Yul-Tong battle so phenomenal. Let's keep watching. According to the testimony of the defenders, files of dead, where they're? The files of dead. I was assigned as the Reconnaissance Pratun leader of the Reconnaissance Company of the 20th Battalion Combact in Perthop, then under Colonel Salvador Abseide. Being volunteers, we were rushed to the front lines in Korea. We took a railroad that took us to North of Seoul, the capital of South Korea. And passed beyond the 38th parallel, where the re-enacted on the 20th Battalion Combact team, Perthop, was stationed. And after spending overnight there, we were taken to our front line positions. Also the 38th parallel. In the vicinity of the city of Chorobon, which is already part of North Korea. During the third week of May, our battalion decided that it is now or never. And I was picked by the battalion commander to lead the assault. And this is now my self got into the big battle for Hill Eri. And I was assigned to do this with my Pratun, about 40-45 men. We started the approach to the enemy fortifications. About maybe four o'clock in the morning. And in May, in North Korea, four in the morning, it's still very dark and very cold. When we got to Noman's land, after a truck ride of about 30 minutes, we had to creep and crawl. So like he said, this guy was hand picked by the battalion commander. I'm not sure if he's the battalion leader, if he's the not commission officer. But he said he had about 40-45 guys. They're all infilling via Jeep. But you got to remember if they're coming in with vehicles, they're going to have to stop a few clicks, if not more, from the enemy. And silently creep up on the enemy so they don't know he's there. So I can imagine if he said they creeped and crawled, they're probably doing this for a pretty good while. For most of that period within Noman's land, we had to prat with our bayonets on whether there are mines planted with three pipes in the right fields to build injuries. About two hours of creep and crawling, we saw really mortally the enemy fortifications, which were our targets. We informed red quarters that were here already in the assault line, we called it. We did to jump off towards the hill, but we passed first the preparatory fires that we had planned. So this is very common with the military operations. A lot of the time, we always go out with four observers, we go in J-TAC, which is the equivalency for the Air Force. And they're able to call in fire from anything from mortar tubes all the way up to, you know, be one bombers. And a lot of the time, they pre-plan these coordinates out to exactly where they need fire when they call for it. And this were from the fighter planes of the supporting American forces that dropped the bomb bombs along the target area. In the meantime, we were advancing up the hill, but when the neapambams were falling too closely to us and endangered our troops, I called dead quarters to cease fire on that and then bring in the artillery. And we continued advancing upward. When we were too close to the enemy positions, we called for cease fire of the artillery, but we asked for tank direct fire. Awesome. From our supporting forces in the bomb. And so the tanks being able to fire directly at the target almost in a straight line, started firing. So I did not catch his name and I did not catch his rank. Does anyone know if he's an officer, he's a non-commissioned officer. My guess is he's probably going to be an officer, but what he was saying is that he's lifting fires, essentially what it's called. He's lifting fire the neapond is too close. He called an artillery fire. It's getting a little too close. He lifted that fire and now he's calling an indirect tank fire. He also has the ability and we do it every once in a while is where we shift the fire. As the tank's firing, we continue to advance to very near the top of the enemy fortifications. And when it was time to do it, I said lift the tank fires were going to attack. We identified the bunkers and the fact-shalls of the enemy one by one and we attacked them with rifle fire with bionettes and in some cases with demolitions. The hand to hand combat lasted for about 30 to 45 minutes. Until I determined that the enemy resistance died down and I started accounting for my men and I found out that they were all present accounted for except for one or two that were wounded. I was very proud of the fact that we accomplished our mission. So what he was saying there is when he lifted that fire, usually you take your platoon or the guys that are not suppressing fire and you get them all online. And when you got them all online, you can see them to your left here right. That's when you advanced towards enemy. And like he said, that lasted 30, 40 minutes. And make no mistake, this is not call of duty, this is real life. These guys are fighting hand to hand combat with bay nets close up within five meters sometimes even closer than that. They're throwing grenades and foxholes. I mean this is intense battle of 30, 40 minutes. They are up and they are risking their lives on the front lines. And at the very end, he said that he got accountability for his guys. We call this like an ace report. So you get account for all your ammunition. How much ammunition do we have left? What's our casual tea rate? What kind of equipment do we need or what kind of equipment did we lose? And when he said he got all the reports back in, he only had two guys that were wounded and they took the hill of Erie. Very impressive. Well of course, personally, I was very thankful to the good Lord for saving the troops. I think that was impressive. Very impressive. I mean, I appreciate where the town over from the 28th BC, the town over to us. My dad was fascinated by flying first of all. Now that was his hobby and when he saw that many soldiers were being sent to the front. He came to my grandfather then President Kirino and said, Papa, I want to go to war. And my grandfather looked at him and says, well, if you go to war, then my son has to go with you. That used to say when Lolo told me that I had to serve in the Korean War. Of course, I feared. I feared for my life. I didn't want my children to be fatherless. So that was my greatest fear. But the love for my father and my sense of duty to him as his son overtook any fears that I had. And so I said, yes, Papa, I will do it. So that was the story of how both First Lieutenant Tomas Kirino and Riz Chito Gonzalez joined the war. It was just like Kirino to send his only son at that time and his only son at not to the war. Because when he said the Philippines goes to war, he'll send his own family first. Riz Chito Gonzalez, you know, he was a sputter pilot. He would go on this small plane at very high altitude and look for the enemy and relay the information back to the base so that they could either fire artillery or have other planes with armament go there because his plane had no armament at all. Dad was assigned to desk duties in the beginning. He made sure that all communication to the line to everyone has to be connected. They properly connected can be contacted anytime because you don't go to combat without communication. Signalism is better. Because at this time he was married to the first lady of the Philippines, my mother, no? So it's good if they wanted to give him some type of preferential treat but then he didn't like that at all. So he wrote to them and he said for them to please give him combat missions. My mother even said to me that your father quote unquote would do anything to measure up in the eyes of his father in the sense of esteem and respect. So he kept telling their officer, I want to see action. I want to see action. The Thanks of June. We will ship to Lion James Stowell. A lot of people go wrong and especially within the United States military recruiting is that they've completely gone way off the rails. They've only reached like 75% of their recruitment numbers and I've seen even as a drill sergeant that a lot of these people they want more. You know when we're going out in PT and we're running them at a certain pace and a certain distance, it's too little. We need to go faster. We need to go further. These guys want to be tested. They don't want some mediocre training. They want to be challenged and that's why people join the military. They want to see combat. They want to fight for their country. They want to show people what they are truly made of. Miles Long stretch of defense of the other day's reports. At the five days we were sent to the Thibal Hills. That is Hill 191 and it is towards the stem of the bull where the one regiment of Chinese are there and we had a four days water with the combination. You can just imagine until the bomb dropped in just in front of you, a pure yard away and they joined the height of the bottle. If this is the hill that they were going to find, the enemy was already crowding up and out of the pile. I was near the sila boulevardau but I don't know how though. My friend was requested for fire in position. I prepared a little of that and we'll bring it up. We said that their firearms kept jamming several times. What firearms were the Philippine military using back in the Korean war during the 1950s? If you know, let me know down in the comments section. You are out of hope? los We're about to leave, we know to be the name of the 14th beginning. And three days before we sent a patrol between our line and the enemy, we saw that it turned the stars. You want them to say you peda moa, go have a beer, we're going to go down the southern door. And I'm up to you, yeah. You know, that's our journey there, it's from the Bada del Sidi. And I was first going to be a responsible in bringing you there to the bayulet. So you know, I dreamt so much about it. Well, that's the fortune. Alamo, Patisakens is a lucky one. And I've heard people from many thousands of there, they've got me, Nyegote Le Mans, is this true for lucky? You know, cheers. He was talking about that the guy went out, gave him his money, and then he was captured. You could tell that he feels directly responsible for that guy being captured. It's also known as survival guilt. And for the other guy that's talking, I can greatly relate to what he is saying. And I've have experienced it at myself, is my first day at my fob, in Afghanistan. Somebody was shot and killed, right? So they can go out and they can immediately get shot and killed by the enemy. And yet I can do an entire year, in this case, this guy can stay in Korea and be shot at the entire time he's there and yet never be touched by around. Is it luck? Is it faith? Is it higher calling? I don't know, but you could tell that he still thinks about it to this day. My mother was totally worried, she kept writing to my father, come home soon. I miss you, sweetheart. She would apologize. I am so sorry to keep bothering you, but I haven't heard from you all this time. And the stories of my mom, on the other hand, she showed me some of the love letters of dad to her. He was pretty romantic. He said he missed a family, he wanted to be home. It must have been quite challenging for him. I remember him saying it was the worst time of my life. It was freezing. We were freezing. The biggest enemy that they had was the weather, actually, and homesick. That never left behind any memoirs, but he did send letters to my mom telling her that finally he got his wish. And that he's pretty happy that he came home alive from the experience. Well, that's what's so strange about soldiers, and the people that are not soldiers will never understand it, is that these guys, when you're in it, it sucks, right? You're freezing, you're cold, you're doing things you don't want to do. You come back, you're alive, you have that experience. And the very first thing you think of that next three months is I want to go back. I was initially assigned to the Seventh Battalion Combat Team, Colonel Napoleon de Baleriano of the Nita Unit. Then, after about a year, I was given orders to join the port in B.C.T. When he left the present in the Kirino Santa so he was at the pier. And he told them just before they left for Korea, and I will call. I sent a head of view, my only son and my son-in-law, to offer their blood in the defense of democracy. Thus, my pride will be that with my own flesh and blood, I shall have participated in your coming struggle and victory for the honor and prestige of our country. And go, that is what he said. That's awesome. A lot of people can learn from that president. We really wanted politicians today to learn from him. Under the Tcheshna Torchard, then we were moved to Krish Masil, that was our last battle. We replaced an American battalion, which happened a lot of casualties. So almost wipe out the one battalion of the Portipit Division to replace them. We had to climb up the hills, and then when we went up the hill, the Santa Shubhamit, the Dishmell of the place, became a part of it. I was not sure, but I was able to see the five-level of the pattern. But we were just going to eat. We captured the Krish Masil, then the Chinese attempted to assemble the Tcheshna Torchard, the hill. They throw your battalions after a battle with anасmal-ichvik tragedy. When you lightback in that war, if you have a towel, you need quase-pair support, tank support, air curb. You can wish for Empire should put! Man... We held on to the Christmas Eve, up to the time the throes was implemented. It took effect on the evening, the cheese fire on the oven. We were silent and then everybody was out thinking about going home and then being bored of that you are alive and kicking so it should be good. When I went to Korea there was already throes but everything was still on the wall footing. There was the main battle position, the demarcation line between the two Koreas which both sides guarded the North Koreans, the North side within the South side. On the lines you're jute there would be to look through by Nakilar's any monitor the movement of the enemy on the other side. When the armed forces decided that there was no longer need for the visiting Korea the orders were for the visiting to come home but on the last minute they said a contingent of one officer and then enlisted men must stay behind and I was the one chosen. Some 10 out of an entire time. When I went home I was there for around that additional one month and a half. Our contingent was myself only one officer and then enlisted men and we spent the last day more or less turning on equipment so we were in fatigues and we were not really in very clean state. While we were waiting for our plane to Tokyo all of a sudden there was a major with all of the guy ropes asking where's the officer the departing Philippine contingent. I said I'm the officer. Second you get your men ready because there are three generals who are coming to see you off and sure enough to send off a second lieutenant in ten enlisted men. They came with stars and stripes coverage. I think shows more or less the spirit of democracy that prevailed in that UN organization where notwithstanding your nationality that we're standing you wrong as a group you are considered a Philippine contingent and therefore entitled to the honors of rival or sent off. It's awesome. From then on my spirit of patriotism, my spirit and my heart still what an experience to be fighting like that something that can be proud of that my family and my fellow. Being part of Pethto was one of Daddy's favorite episodes of his life. When he was diagnosed with cancer the last trip he took was to Korea he wanted to go back to the 30th parallel. Just to go back and rekindle those memories. For me that told me a lot about what he felt about being in the Korean War. It is a moment of remembrance but it is also a moment of extreme pride that our fathers and my grandfather saw it fit to be part of the democratic principles of freedom that we did what it took to keep our cherished democracy and to all the soldiers that fought hand in hand side-by-side heroes of the Pethto I salute you all. May the youth like we do now and hopefully generations to come may they never forget the freedoms that were purchased with your blood in your sacrifice. Very well said. This is the nation of World War II and the Korean War and the Vietnam War also after the Korean War to all of us and some of us not only suffered from all of this but some old warriors like were there but we were happy to do our little humble participation in all of that. I'm not thank you all enough for recommending that video I can definitely see why you wanted me to see it that was very heavy very emotional very patriotic and just the fact that the UN sent an entire entourage to show off ten enlisted guys and one second lieutenant is just showing not necessarily thank you to those guys for what you did right it's those were the last 11 guys that were leaving country in the Korean War it was sending thanks to the entire Philippines thank you for sending 7,420 brave and loyal warriors to fight and die for the Korean War amazing if you like videos like this like comments subscribe let me know what you want to see next I read every single comment that you post I'll try to get back to every single one of them and we'll see you on the next one