 Future Friday. The freshest. So the wets are the thing. They are and it actually is the new season of Tawaknanta Helen duet version. Tawaknanta Helen duet version. Tawaknanta Helen duet version. And can I also say this is like the first season of Duet's. Good shit. Keep it going. They were the winners this guy. It's called Giovanni and Aljun. And they sang the Laila. This is a classic though. Finally this. This was going super viral. And I passed the hero window. Okay. What? I saw the flickering shadows of love on her black. Wow. I have looked and fixed my sister's back. What the f***? Giovanni. And Aljun you just cured my sister. Big wishes being the stowed now. How come they got so many. This is the last phenomenon. Whoa. Come back. I saw the flickering shadows. I saw the flickering shadows of love on her black. No. She was my woman. Jesus. No. Jesus. And she did see me. I was watching way out of my mind. Broadway. Harlem. If Louis Orr camp looks at you with those eyes. You're doing well. Why, why, why, why, why, why, why? How many men's understanding of it? The underpurity of the song but also they have a very, very good understanding on what what are the right harmonies to create? What's the right purpose? And the thing, yeah purpose because it's not about the harmony ceremony. It's not about the harmony ceremony. It's about the delivery, the intent and the absolute phenomenal dynamic control that you're hearing here. You're hearing opposite downs, beautiful vibrato and an amazing freaking belting but it's just so very talented. Very talented. That's purposefully done. Very talented. I wonder why the background is so nice. I can see that the house and shield and the door. Oh, but it's such a beautiful vintage style to them. I felt the knife in my head and she lost no more. Oh, that is so awesome. Oh, people like this are really enthusiastic. Wow, I think it's awesome. We've stopped, we've stopped. Because you know what's brilliant about this duet? They have the same tonality. They have the same color and yet their purpose and intent is so completely different to one another. You're able to pick them apart even when they're colors of a vocal tone are so similar. The remind me a bit of like if it was like a modern take on like for a stella, you know, for a stella where they re-imagined these songs and they make them with immense vocal prowess and depth. And they remind me of like arguably like a more commercial version of that like because you can do like more Elvis sort of style of things, you know. And I think there is a gap in the market for that, especially in a duet. Or even if they don't decide to pursue duos as their whole careers, but as individuals, they're immensely talented as individuals too. But even performance wise, they really have a chemistry in terms of performance. Correct. Understanding how to be comfortable in their own skin and become to be in their own space. Very, very talented. Oh, yes, okay. Very nice. She's through the laughing. Oh, phenomenal. Oh, that is so great. Yeah, literally, literally throw your house at them. Who's that? Er exanto? Yes? Or Luis Fonsey. It's just ridiculously good. Wow, well done. Wow. Wow, that's incredible. Wow, that's incredible. Wow, that's incredible. It reminds me of Vicente Fernandez. Do you know that? I'll put a clip. Epic like Bolero style, like serenade. And again, I also know that. This style has not died in South America. It has died in the West a bit. I guess you have like a new resurgence. Like Stephen Sanchez kind of has this vibe, right? But he's way, way, way, way lighter in his voice. Can I just say though, the choices done here, they're very similar to Mexican mariachi. Yeah, exactly. In some countries, hasn't died at all. It has its niche. It has its like, it's not super mainstream. It has. In Mexico, they sell out stadiums. They do the very least. 60,000 motherf***ers. That's true, that's true. But you... Miamor! You have to come out with that. Mariachi's yes, it's right. Correct, correct. But it reminds me of Vicente Fernandez. It reminds me of the serenades from the 50s. It's sort of what you guys in the Philippines, if you're watching from the Philippines, or what they would call like Giovanni and Aljun would call a Kundiman. And... They're serenades, right? Like, carinosa. Ah ha, similar to carinosa. Similar in the style. I mean, the word carinosa actually comes from Spain. Spanish. Yeah, it means like... Lovable. Lovable. Lovable. Lovable. Loven, do you see anything? Yeah. And then of course, the Philippines, you know, took their own evolution to it. Yes. And... But Mexico, you know, they did the same thing. But these are the styles. The Spanish dialects originally from here. These are the moments where in the Philippines and in South America, you see the colonization of the Spaniards really intertwining in the culture so many years later. People would argue superficially. I think they would first think, oh, this is Elvis. This is... Yes. You know, this is old, old school America. For a part of America, but it's not. It's not, it's not. Yeah, actually the origin of all that style actually comes from Spain. And yeah, the beginnings of ballots being sang as like serenades, yeah, serenades. You can think the Spanish for that or not. Or not, whatever you think. But the music is fabulous regardless. So yeah, absolutely outstanding. Let us know what you guys thought about it. Shout out to them. And I think they were the daily winners. Happy days. Happy days. The composition was very high. So it is the best. Now I can say this, the best duo competition. That was so epic. In Asia. Goodbye. The world.