 May uginulat ka gin sa cum tilaw naton g Taida lang kita bungation dahil maapong todo dunat. Turangnya dahil nabar! Alles! Beast, lids buti. Takap mo, ko yung hindi, algalina Kaya bienama mai semokita. Alamatita na p uploads yanAH Iam bila panig ang studied. Ian atay til ang turval lang minapa yung translatinin Ia sa layேwa. ...tang kagakap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa kagap sa ang swakod sa lahit air? Ma means Leah noong dito May mag system, in management from Ay Lag Prix tijd mo tayo Mari rit ko Eating in the Morning ...ilong si đầuita ng Taliban ...today, si Thalibon. I need to buy my medicine. The medicine is important. It's important. And she wants to go. I told you in the moment, I need to go to Thalibon. But I need a moment for writing at law. No, she wants to go alone. She, you need? That is not the same. She is going alone, paying 30, going to Calibon. That's right. And half hour later, I do like with the Cardi, Calibon. But I've had the point a little bit. So I'm in Calibon. I was very far from finish. I'm going to Meta bank. I buy my medicine and I bought the cigarette. And I go home. I'm a moment at home. She is coming home. Why you don't wait for me in Thalibon? Yeah, I tell you, I think you are very pretty. Where I shall find you in Thalibon. There is some people who are different types of cis-famous cats. Or kind men. There's such notsens I have to do here every moment. And I learn to handle it. But now they think another kind. When I would not be old and sick that I like to stay at home and be quiet here. And that never would work out with money. Like they will be like you to be with that. She had good luck with the found a person who knows about the mental health. And that I learned to handle that. That is not to understand to other people. In the evening about 5 o'clock I changed that to the place. It becomes dark here and cold. And Marie is in the room. She is watching videos and the photos. Or she writes anything. And anytime she is crying for me. I need to take my walking, take walk in the sleeping room. When I ask what is the problem. Nothing. How often she is coming out of the room. I miss you. I feel alone. I tell you what is that for a long time. I am sitting here every day at home. I am very experienced. It for works. For at least you did a good job. And it's at the point. For me it's good when she is going sometimes to telephones. I am really very experienced. Don't make that all in video with the camera. You know every day, you will conquer every day. What is the secret for having a lifelong relationship? So the main point is that it's all a greater problem. Every time problem crosses the mind. Suddenly she goes to see her. But then she comes to her foot. Maybe she is only a little bit water. That of her mental health. She gets salt in her head. Suddenly I get business. What else? I don't know. I think she was by the end of the kiss. And I thought I think it's time to make a check up in hospital. She wanted to make for the stomach. And I thought in my mind it would be good to take a blood check. And I met the point. It can be said that it's not so many. Nobody can sing it. We have a computer tomography on the head. And to look for sugar in the blood. Now she won't only look for it. So until we are found a doctor for the problems of the woman. We are going to a doctor. It got 800. And now I give her a paper for her. I will go into the hospital. She cannot use ultra sound outside. We are going to the hospital. No doctor. Then it's coming out. The doctor is the only doctor. What is the problem? The doctor named Marie Ketter Gold. She is in the morning. She is in the stomach. That is Dr. Mendoza. She is afraid to go to the doctor. The next day is coming. I cannot afford her. And that's not my business. When she says we go to Ubaa to the hospital, I will do it. I will do it. Now what's the day again? She is lying the whole day in the bed. Nothing. And one third after the next is going. And she has every time problems in the stomach. Suddenly she going to see her. I think that it is nothing in this stomach. That is a mental problem. Marie has every time any problems in the stomach. Without problems she is not happy. And the most problems are outbaked. There is no problem. I can tell her 100,000 times. We have no financial problem. We have a roof over the head. It is a wonderful place. We can sleep as long as we want. Or we stand up early. Nobody is asking for. And what is the result? I cannot sleep in the night. My time is the morning to sleep. The best on 12 o'clock. She said she will wake me up. You need to eat breakfast. I thought I was 100 times. But what I need to send up for eating. I can eat three. It is not food. You need to drink. But you can eat. Live without eating six weeks. Because it is a round. I am scared for my health. Because I need energy. I am lying down in the afternoon. We are sitting both here. She is with her phone there. And I am here. The last time she needs to sit here. She needs to be very near at me. And I thought I would sell the note. But I am here.