 I got you You got me We are too Too lucky The million your name spells home Since the day you were born Hi guys, what's up and welcome back to my YouTube channel And it's your favorite girl as always the best Thank you so much for tuning in If you are new subscriber, thank you so much and if you're returning subscriber You are most definitely welcome back and today I Have a very interesting video I am my friends. We are going to be trying Filipino food further first time You guys know that it's not my first time, but it is my friends first time because they are not used to eaten Filipino food And right now we are at S.M.C.T. Sebu a very beautiful ball. I am here with my friends also They are behind the camera and I'm going to be introducing them to you later on So guys make sure you keep watching Hi guys, my name is great, and I'm going to be trying different Filipino dishes today with Dorcas and our other friends So tune in and enjoy Hi guys, my name is Esther and I'm here to try Filipino food for the first time so stay tuned and enjoy So guys this is just by the way We saw this very beautiful store in S.M.C.T. Sebu and we just wanted to show you our pretty the Filipinian and is a Filipino and a day Filipinian and the dress I would looks like and it's so pretty because I'm going to be wearing this on my graduation Can you see how pretty it looks like? Wow Look It's so cute And I love the design, the what do we call this in embroidery? I love it And guys the necklaces this is just by the way the real video of the food is coming just watch the patience Do you think? Wow It's given luxury And if you come to this section, we have those tote bags that supports plants Sustainable living with a hot mind Wow It supports conservation You have the hand and body wash the lavender Wow it's so pretty For your own decorations Do you see? Wow Wow So we are here right now at this beautiful restaurant and we are going to be trying something What kind of fish are these? Is that a ball? I'm not sure with English word I can't wait to try this out Actually the restaurant name is Party Ben They are known to be their good food and soups Like during lunchtime and dinner time These really stations food food food foods Like fishes, squid, work belly, fish belly And some other stuff Wow that's interesting Oh My double fame was met by some amazing style You know you are So right now guys, this is the green And I'm going to be You see that? Oh my goodness People working here are doing a good job I see you running for your life I see that Woo Woo Yeah No You are the one You are exciting for your life It's not easy to work the grill Is it? No, you are struggling I see you You see me See you mother different days But you are just as happy Remember when you were five Calvin is here Calvin flew all the way for Manila All the way for Manila And he has a YouTube channel The next day He is going to be a man He is going to be a man He is going to be a man He is going to be a man And as a YouTube channel The name of his YouTube channel is No fear lifestyle I'm going to believe in the links to his YouTube channel In the description box Calvin makes a lot of food reviews Like he is the incoming What is the name of this popular vloger? With my wings? Yeah and right now We just finished a song song Of Tinolla And Park Belly And some other things Okoju's Bj As a college And innocent guys And And having tapioca Tapioca Tapioca is made of cassava Oh really? Wow, I didn't know How some of the food we had Was was your favorite If we were to want to drink it was That's all that belly The girl wanted to have super duper good I mean you guys saw how the way we were preparing From outside it's kind of dry But once you start eating It's super juicy inside And I just love the food It's super duper fresh It's really quality That they have here So all in all The food was made, the food was good And yeah and once again Dorcas thank you so much for But yeah, who is it? Who is it? Now let's come to the beautiful African queens So what was your favorite food? Guys this one on blue she's a foodie So what's your favorite food? Great, out of all The pork Right? With the suka And the vinegar mixed together It's bone So is so thank for any of that Whenever I go to the restaurant I don't usually put that now I try to eat it It's every time Wow So Esther, why about you? What was your favorite after the food? My favorite was the grilled tuna Because it's chewy And they love to chew Yeah, it's nice and Everything And by the way guys this is the first time eaten Filipino food They do not Yeah They are the best of the last privilege The last privilege The last privilege Okay The guapa Hi guys, it's the wanderer here And we are wondering today What was your second name? Pork Pork Pork Malay Yeah, we're here in now The pork The grilled tuna is the best Just like what they said It's like dry outside But when you eat it It's so good guys like umami Yeah Thank you Why won't you? I'm not sure Anyways, I'm not sure So I think The best one for me They know love Look at the meat I love it with soy sauce It's weird right? It's weird actually You should call and taste this one Look It must have Yeah, I'm eating Thank you For me my favorite was the pop-belly And guys we really enjoyed our food We enjoyed everything And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food And we enjoyed our food