 Good morning guys, welcome to another, oh wow, a lovely day and welcome to another day of juice and welcome to Manila. There it is, lovely. See if we're wrong to wear glasses indoors. Not this one, right? Very bright, that's better. I'm back, right, I'm shattered. We got into Manila last night and it was fairly late last night, checked into our hotel and we tried to go straight to sleep, we entered the vlog and then tried to sleep, but we kind of been up throughout the night because we slept for too long on the plane so I think we've messed ourselves up here. Our body clock's a bit screwed now. Yeah, we sh**ed it. How rude. I do also have a little bit of a cold. George, sorry. Fair enough, he's making the bed, I won't complain. I do have a bit of a cold, I had one in England and I thought it was just because of the cold weather and then I think being on an aeroplane for 30 hours with air conditioning has made me feel a bit worse, but it's all good. I'm definitely ready to go out and get some coffee and some food because we have any incense or breakfast aeroplane food in the afternoon. I'm so confused. Welcome to a Delirious vlog guys, we're back. Welcome to the Delirious Juice. Delirious daily juice today. Thank you. Bye. See you breakfast. There's one thing we have been told about Manila and that is the traffic. We just had a little experience of it just then, but I tell you what, it is nice to step out in shorts, in a t-shirt and in sliders and for it just to be warm. The UK was so... Oh wow. The New York Times has been so sunny that we have to adjust it for the evening. Wow, yeah, we actually can't. It's actually too bright. The UK was so cold whilst we were back for Christmas. Is this our breakfast place? These noises, this is all we heard all night, wasn't it? Literally all night. So one thing I really missed about being at home was not having fries and breakfast. Like my love is so much, my love rice. I love plain rice, I love garlic, I love any rice. And I couldn't really be at home like, Mum, can you do me a breakfast with rice please? You should be at home. So we've come somewhere called, having to own free style. I mean, it had good reviews and it's literally right around the corner of my hotel. I agree, but you just like mix and match all the way to what you want. Are we gonna get some, I think I'm gonna get the meat in our rice. Nice. I think I'm gonna ask them what the coffee is. I guess, for all that, that makes us half a minute, there isn't that, isn't that. Yeah. And I'm glad these have the bacon cheese and mushroom on them. Thank you. And I have some plain rice for that, really. Thank you so much. So he told me that was there locally through flat coffee. I'm actually so happy to be back. This is amazing. I hope this coffee is good. Practice is looking good. The beer roll, go. Breathe pauses in the beer roll. This is amazing. Is that? It's like, oh my. So, so good. So, so good. Anyway. That breakfast was very good. We can recommend you to this place already. Thank you guys. See you later. Thank you. So, that's good to have rice for breakfast again. Now, there's one thing we need to do today. And that is try and buy a drone charger. We bought our drone back out with us this time. Because we didn't have our drone last summer in the Philippines. And we missed out on some insane drone shot opportunities. Yeah. I think we probably need to get this way. Okay. We can see so and so and so. And we have two drone chargers at home. When we were trying to look for it, while we were packing, we got them all yesterday. They put yesterday. We couldn't find them anywhere. So, we come out. We've got two flat batteries. A drone and no charge. No charge. No charge. Sort that out. But there is a DJI store about a 20 minute walk away. So, we're going to walk it. It's not too far. It's not too far. So, we're going to walk it. And it will give us a nice chance to walk around Manila a little bit. And see what we think of this place. I've got a good vibe so far. There is a lot of traffic. It is busy. It is polluted. All we heard all night was like honking of horns and police sirens and stuff. You are in the road doing this. Am I? This looks so cool here. Doesn't it? It looks nice feeling. That's awesome. It's not all night. It's like it's really like peptic. Like when you get in, get straight back out. The amount of people that have said, all you're spending time in Manila. Are you sure? Like it loads a couple of minutes and that. Well, I don't know what they mean at the moment. Like I think it's really cool. I'm not supposed to much of a yeah. Like we've walked out for breakfast and now we're down the street. But so far. I'm thinking Instagram photo. Oh yeah. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. We have no chance to tip your tail. 我就是去凘国材费物用某种类的大什么人? It rains all over the place, but you see . We attractions are on the updated אומר说干手长的宇宙 We've warned about the kamptik啊, negative mentioned that. Yeah. There did mention that. 我们在那边来说 我们在见我 我们在见我 我们在见我 我们在见我 我们在见我 我们在见我 我们在见我 Really windy today in Manila and I've just met a new friend. I don't know who this guy is. Look how cool that is. Do they say? They're a sign anyway. No, let us know in the comments. Tell us who that is. Other way. Let's try. Oh, they don't have the clothes. That one. Okay. We got it. Results. Very good. It said it was closed on the outside and I was like, let's go try. I can see some feet in there. Let's go try it. They've got a bit warm outside since we left this morning. So we just come into this. It's kind of like a food court and there's all different tiny little food stores everywhere and we found a Kalamanzi bar so we're going to get a little Kalamanzi juice now. These are the health benefits. I'm most interested in weight loss of the Christmas. Can I have a little? Right, let's try this bad boy. I'm getting my straw out. See these are the bits we usually cut out but okay. Well fresh, zesty. That's good. You're so weird. It's honestly crazy how much fast food there is here. Donnell's chalping, Mayan style, Jollybee, everything is like pizza hot. It's hot everywhere. Dominoes. There's somewhere to eat that fast food wise. It's crazy. I can't act like this. I feel like there's more fast food places and there are shops. That's probably true. Like a lot more. Every corner there's something and I love that every time you see a Jollybee, there's no donnell's right next door. It's so funny. I'm going to get some hotel and then I'm going to get the tech. We're hungry at half one. We went back to hotel for a little bit and it's emails that kind of stuff. Back on the grind. But you're out there. No, it wasn't actually my way. We want to work harder this year. We want to work smart. Part of that is being more efficient with our time and that sort of thing. Thank you. So we did a dedicated hour email sit down session. Now we need some food. What we're thinking of getting is chalping. There's one round the corner. Nothing too unhealthy. We want to be healthier this year as well. But we remember that they did a big rice bowl thing. I think it looks a bit better. It shouldn't be too bad. Unless we see something else on the way that we like to look up. Thank you. This is a lot of my charm. Yum. It was a lot of favourite in Chalping. Actually we did our tasting video. We haven't had it since but I know it's really good. And I don't think it's that bad. I know fried dumplings aren't good for you but the rice is fine. Time to go meet Nelly and Mike in their hotel lobby. It's a good meal. It's really good. I just met Mike and Nelly having a little catch up as we walk along. Very busy streets of Manila. Seems to be getting there. I don't know if that's like a rush hour here. It's nearly four o'clock. Mike knows all the best coffee spots in the city. So we're headed to a coffee shop. We're going to get planning this January trip. Hi guys. We made it. We all met up. We're finally making a juicy and the final product. How excited out of 10. 10. Good. And you? 10. Yeah. Planning session going well. We nearly know where we're going tomorrow. We're doing it. But we are enjoying some very very nice coffee. Mike knows all the best spots. Planning session complete. I've been putting charge of these. So when the lady comes out and pulls a number, it's like bingo. I've got to be ready to put my hand up and get our dinner. So a lot of paperwork just for a dinner. Yeah. So you've had a shippie good Mike's promised good thing. So we've come to a ramen place which we really enjoyed when we were in Singapore recently. Mike says this is the best one in Manila. So. Very exciting. Can you cross your fingers without doing it with the other half? I was like what you actually do. Yeah, I can't. I can't do it. I can't. I can't get it round. No. Quality content for the vlog. Thanks very much. Just saying the unity's easier. Thank you. We're going to go for it for sure. We couldn't get a seat next to Melian Mike. So they're over there enjoying their meal. Hey guys. Hey guys. Hey guys. Hey guys. Hey guys. Okay this looks incredible. Oh so it's quite a smell as amazing. I don't actually know what dinner. It's been a while since I've used chopsticks. Yeah. Great. Delicious. We're heading back to the hotel. I'm going to be back. Oh, I'm going to be back in person. Delicious. We're heading back to the hotel now. We have loved walking around Minila today. We are definitely way more impressed than we thought we would be with this city. I know we're staying in Macatti which is a slightly different part but we've really enjoyed walking around today. We've had a really good time planning with these guys and we're so excited for our trip. Excited to. It's gonna be awesome. You guys will be following every step by the way so if you're not subscribed already make sure you hit the subscribe button daily vlogs. We're not Instagram as well you can see what we're doing like at the end of the day. We're really trying. We're making sure that it's an upload vlog. The day I'm going to do it. Yes. Loads of behind the scenes on our stories so make sure you follow us. Given Elliot Mike a follow-to their details will be in the description and yeah and as always we'll see you tomorrow. Thank you. Thanks for watching. Bye.