 You can come to the Philippines, you can have a tell me your life. Find a woman next to you, find a woman, you can have a good time with a lot of times. That right there could be one of them. Biggest mistakes in your life. Guys, welcome back to my YouTube channel. This is the Black Filipino TV. I just want to say thank you to all my subscribers. I'm at 40,000. YouTube subscribers has been a great journey. Thank you guys for joining that journey. And also welcome back to the Philippines. The Philippines is open now. A lot of you guys are coming over here. A lot of you guys want to have fun. A lot of you guys want to come in and have this how many of life. And this is definitely a place you can do that. It is. And in the Philippines, you're going to find the woman to be very beautiful. A lot of times they're going to be exactly to your liking. And you'll find that it's easier as well because there's no language barrier. That makes it all sweet. The thing about that, though, is you have certain ones here that will make you think everything is OK. That will pretty much say you the dream. They have to pretty face. And a lot of times you find them pretty face, sticking their thighs. Big boobs should be shocked. There's a lot of this, not a lot. There's some Philippines like that. And they target some of you guys. And you'll find yourself in some serious situation. I'll explain what I mean. I'll explain further. Now, this happened to guys. It still happens to this day. Now, these women have been waiting. You have the guys who have done this, right? The country's been closed. There's some woman that are waiting. And they're waiting for you. Now, this is what happens. Is you have certain ones over here. Let me tell you what this guy did. Let me tell you how this guy made a mistake. This guy came over here to the Philippines. He showed the Filipino a time of her life. Now, what he did was he took her to Brakai. He took her to Palawan. He took her to many different islands. So when he was here, when he came here, he showed her the time of her life. The reason why he messed up is because he had a family back home. Now, the thing is, she knew all about that family he had back home, right? So he's showing her life, spending all kinds of money. You know, foreigners, you have to think about it. Foreigners come over here. And especially if you're foreign to a money. A lot of you guys are coming over here with budgets of $3,000 per month, $4,000, $5,000 per month. Some guys even more. So when you come here, you can afford to take someone around and go to Palawan. You can take them to a spence of dinners. Showing them a life they've never seen in their life. Now, that life right there could be a serious mistake. The reason why is because she's seen all of that, right? Now, this guy had a family back home in the States. He wasn't coming to be with someone like me. I came to the Philippines. I actually got with the lady and I was serious. He was coming to play and it is a playground. This is a serious playground where you can have fun and do that. But when he came here, he showed her life. That right there was a number one, no, no. He showed her her life. Now, she got win that he had a family back home. And what happened was he showed her life. You think that's how to, you think that Philippines is going to feel? You think she's not going to say, wait a minute. I want to dig my clothes into him. I want that to be all for me. She started rolling in his life. She started sending pictures of her and him, and comprising situations, pretty much naked. Probably in her birthday suit him sleeping next to his kids. So imagine your kid, right? You're like, man, daddy's gone. Daddy's on the vacation. Daddy's not even on vacation. Daddy went over there in the Philippines because this guy's a prominent guy. And daddy's over there taking care of business and in Philippines. He went over there to go meet with some people. And then you look, you see a picture, mom? Mom? What's this, that in his girl? Rowan, his life. It's the thing. There's nothing like a Filipino scoring, guys. Nothing like it. Now, you would think that would only happen in the West. That happens here, too. See, the thing is with Filipinas. Filipinas are different because Filipinas are very understanding. It's a lot different than women in the West. But they're the same as far as when they're scorned. It can even be worse because she took it to the utmost to the utmost disrespectful level. OK, she did that with his kids. Also, she claimed abuse. She started calling for abuse. And this happens even with Karen's in the States. It happens with Filipinas, too. She started saying that God was a busier, started saying he was dealing with drugs, got him in trouble that way. So not only did she get him in trouble with his family back home, so now his life back home and his state is Rowan. She also got him in trouble, his job. So not only did he have a problem with, because let me tell you the more that what happened, guys, this guy actually was with a multi-intinational company, OK, meaning the company is in like many different countries. So Philippines, you know, those companies like that could be in the Philippines, Australia, or UK. But Philippines is one of them. So he got fired from his job. Probably got divorced from his wife, OK, because the kid seen her with him in a birthday suit. That's to a lot of you guys that are coming over here, especially you guys that are doing business, OK? You can find yourself in situations like that, because you know, you have to think about this Facebook out there. Philippines has a Facebook, this guy has Facebook. She found out his Facebook information. That's how she was able to get to his family. Because she got to a tour's family, Rowan is life with his family, his wife and kids. Rowan is life with the company, he got fired. So him coming to the Philippines, having a good time, he lost everything, Rowan is life. All right, now I don't expect that to happen. A lot of you guys, a lot of you guys are coming here that won't happen, but you'll be shocked. You'll be shocked, especially you guys that have come over here looking to play. And you can tell those guys a lot of times you see foreigners here, right? See if I'm walking around vlogging my camera. You see certain foreigners who walk by them, they're not vlogging them, but they'll be like, I've even seen one situation where God was in a YouTube video and then faring them right up to him. I wanted to fight him because he walked by with the camera. I don't know if he was hiding from someone or something, but he didn't want to be seen on camera, because these guys, a lot of guys will tell their wife, they're somewhere else, and then they'll be in the Philippines having fun. This situation was a little different because he was actually over here for business. He's thinking, no, I can go out there, handle some business, maybe secure some, a big merger with the Philippines or something, and God is like for me. Now, I don't expect that to happen to you, but this is the thing, guys. They also have syndicates out here in the Philippines. Who are waiting? Okay, there's syndicates out here that are waiting, and there's women in these syndicates that are most beautiful women you've ever seen in your life. Okay, and they're waiting to grab their clothes. They've been waiting since 2019, and then since 2020, March, when the country shut down, they've been waiting since then, so they're activated now. The country's open, they're activated, they're waiting for you guys to come over. Okay, you're telling them you're telling them your full name, and it's gonna happen, I mean, you know, you'd be able to grow your name, and you know, you guys feel like you have nothing to hide. She's going in your Facebook. You don't want to give them your first last name, and going to be too trustworthy, especially if you came here to make this a playground, guys. Just tread lightly because this can happen, and it's a sad situation, because the guy got his life ruined, just for a month of good fun. It took her to a lounge, he took her to Baraka, and I'm sure over to Philippines, he had her in a situation like, you know how guys come over here and they have like an escort, take them all over and have escort children around different islands, meaning they use them to have sex and also to show them around. He used her in that way, but she wasn't going to be using that way. She wanted to be used in a relationship way. Okay, you're with me, and you're going to expect that for many girls, especially a girl that wants the opportunity, that's been waiting to grab her clothes, but waiting for you guys to come over here, because a lot of girls are not going online. They're not going online for dates. They're waiting to see you in person. But every Filipino wants to do the guy online, even scammers or even people that are planning to do something dirty, waiting for it in person, because they know live in person, it's easier to convince. Okay, it's easier to convince. It's, you don't feel more trustworthy. You don't feel like it's going to be so much of a scam. You're going to be more open. Okay, you're going to tell her your first and last name. So then after that, she can do her research. They know that. They know the only way they really sink their clothes into you is to have you here, so you can drop down your guard, make you feel comfortable, you know, maybe go on your wild, find your ID, you don't even arrive right there in the near. Okay, it's not about the quick, the quick, the quick getaway. It's all about the long term. Okay, and that's when it's dangerous. That's when the Filipino can be dangerous. And I'm saying all Filipinos like that guys, I'm saying there's a certain select few. That will do that. They'll grab their clothes into you and how they do it is, they do it slow. It's like when you see a tiger, right? You see a tiger or you see a lion, for instance, a lion that's hunting in the jungle. You know, seeing a lion just run up on you, right? What did he do? He keeps slow. They creep slow, right? And that's what happened to you. She would be creeping slow, going with you on these faces. Taking months, right? Say, imagine, I don't know if he was out here for a month, but I don't know how, I didn't see the time frame he was out here. That wasn't explained to me, but imagine it could have took him months. I mean, think about it going from Barakai, then Palauan, then other places in the Philippines. That hasn't happened in a week. You understand what I'm saying? So he could have been over here for months. And the whole time, she's just, everything is sweet. And guys, think about it. The most beautiful thing you ever seen in your life doing this to you. At home, you're currently married to a woman that's maybe let herself go after you got married and had a few kids, okay? The woman completely let herself go. Got a shape and you see this beautiful thing. Oh, man, think about it, guys. Pow, pow, pow, pow. Face and everything. Telling you you're the one that Gargos from here, you go from being that prize fighter to you and your in the 10th round and you're trying to throw jobs and you can't throw jobs because she's just hitting you with her hand makers. Coming in like that Lioness, yeah. It could happen to anybody. Like, you guys, no, that wouldn't happen to me. No, it can happen to anyone. So yeah, you definitely want to tread like that. Of course, I'm saying, have fun when you come here. But for you guys that are in serious situations, for you guys that are coming here for business, for those guys, you need to watch out. Not for these guys so much that are coming here to live or coming here for vacation or coming here to just have fun because I really don't know. But still, giving out your full information, you may not want to do that right away. A girl may say, hey, what's your last name? And I'm not telling you to live. But guys, it's like that. And there's synonychists out here. Do that stuff. So yeah, definitely want to be careful because guys, think about it. It's situation happened like this years ago, where a guy, I think it was in the, like around 2004, a guy came over here, right? He went down to Angela City, right? Got married. He made a bar girl has everything, right? And this is a similar situation. He made a bar girl has everything. So what I mean by that, he took her out the bar, gave her a life, even had her running a business. He started finding out that she was creeping around with a Filipino out here when he came back to the Philippines with her. They moved back to the Philippines, found out she was creeping around with a Filipino. She belonged to the street. Right? But then it wasn't even that he felt that out. Things were rocky at first because she had attitude, okay? He took a girl out the bar. Her attitude was entitled, okay? Then he threatened to take it all away. She got him killed. Find yourself in a situation like that. Definitely guys don't take a girl out the bar. Definitely if you're a guy here in business, don't be so lackadaisical because these women of recent, they're gonna research you and they're gonna find you out. And these women are out here and they're gonna be wrong. You can take a woman that's just a bar girl, take her out of the bar. And she can get you killed. It was a big story that I was out here years ago. You guys know about that story, I'm sure. It can happen guys. It can happen. Be careful guys. You're gonna come, you're gonna see something pretty face, big butt smile, maybe even big boobs. Like not every Filipino has big boobs and big butt, but those would be the ones sometimes, you know what I'm saying, not to trust it. Don't see any get paranoid. I don't know what I'm saying, it's gonna get you guys paranoid. I'm saying it to say, keep that brain here. Don't let it all go here because once it goes here too much and it goes from here for too long, she's coming to like that lie in us. So guys, well I'll be in a set. Thanks for watching the video. Be sure to tune into the next one. Be sure to like, comment, subscribe guys. And I'm gonna have more content like this for you guys. I definitely wanna make sure you guys come out here and just keep your head here. Okay, and don't bring it too much here. See you next video, peace.