 Hey guys, it's Ace Special Cool, Ace Number One, Bachelor of Shingo Cool, because I am. Number two, YouTuber and angel city Philippines. Alright, we're doing a series, Bar Girl Psychology, 101 through 71, go catch yourself up if you haven't seen those videos, because right now we are on 801. So we're getting close to wrapping up the series, so watch 101 through 71 and catch up. This video, why she likes the Trike Driver. Why does a Filipina choose the Trike Driver over everybody else? Now, Trike Driver is the Uber Driver of the Philippines. Alright, let's go a little. Number one, he's Filipino. He lives here full time. So a lot of foreigners, they come over on holiday vacation, they're tourists, even if they live here full time, and they're expats, they're going to rotate out of here after so many years, and you know, foreigners come and go. So Filipinos, the Trike Drivers live here full time. They've been a Trike Driver for five years, 10 years, 15 years, they're not going anywhere, they've made a Trike Driver a career. So Filipinas like that stability, and they know that they can count on that Trike Driver to be there. You know, they don't want some guy rotating it out. Number two, Trike Drivers know the area. They know the area where they're trike driving, right here in Angeles City. They've been everywhere, and he knows everyone. Now there's Trike Stands in everywhere. You know, they're all over different neighborhoods, subdivisions, brown guys, walking street area, fields avenue, perimeter road. You, there's Trike Stands everywhere. So you can always catch Trike. So they know other Trike Drivers that work for other companies or other Trike Stands, because they pass each other every day, and they communicate, and things like that. So Filipina girls know that. Number three, Trike Drivers have a job. They have a career. They're busy working. He has a life. He's out there working, making money. You know, he's providing. He's busy. These Trike Drivers are busy, and a lot of them can work 12-hour shifts, six days a week, you know, or they can work eight hours, sleep for a couple hours, and they're right back on it. They're more daytime, night time. But if he's busy working, he has a life. It gives her freedom. You guys, a lot of Filipina girls who date foreigners, expats, you could be, you know, number one, boyfriend, sponsor, or, you know, just in a relationship, but, you know, these girls, if they're attached to a foreigner, and things like that, a lot of us foreigners over here were retired, and we're not working, and we really don't have a whole lot going on. So we're with the, the Filipina girl, almost 24-7, and, she doesn't have a whole lot of freedom. It's like, we're always hanging out together, because I'm not working. I'm not a, I'm not a, I'm not a track driver. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. Oh, number four, protection. The track driver, controlling protector. He's Filipino. He knows people. He knows the area. He can protect her. Forders can't protect a Filipino. What, how am I going to protect her? I'm a foreigner. I'm over here on a passport of Esa. I'm a guest in this country. I'm a tourist in this country. You know, so, she knows a Filipino guy can protect her more than a foreigner. Number five, transportation. Makes life better. A lot of these girls, they have, boyfriends as a track driver. They're in relationships with the track driver. They're getting, discount on transportation. A lot of track drivers. It could be, you know, beyond a boyfriend, things like that. It could be a brother, a cousin, an uncle, a father, you know, these girls lean towards, they know the track driver for transportation to it from work. They catch tracks to work. So it makes life better for them. You know, in my case, no vehicle, no motorbike. I'm on foot. They're not going to catch any transportation for me other than a tricycle. Cut out me and just catch a tricycle from a Filipino guy. All right. Number six, equally yoked, no weird power dynamic. All right. Filipino girls lean towards Filipino guys. These, you know, Filipinos and Filipinos, they grow up, since they were kids, like in the province, playing in the dirt road, playing in mud puddles. You know, they're both Filipino. They got the, you know, same upbringing, same type of childhood. They have a lot in common. So they are going to lean towards equally yoked versus a foreigner and ex-bad. You know, there's no weird power dynamic, like, oh, I'm a foreigner. I'm retired. I'm over here. Maybe I have some money. I'm on vacation. You know, a lot of these girls that don't care, but they don't want, you know, a lot of guys think that they have money, and then it becomes money, equals power, and then power over a Filipino. And she senses that. And she's like, no, no, I don't want anything weird. I like, I like a Filipino guy. He's a trike driver. He's working full-time. He's good. We're good. We understand each other. We both grew up in the same country and the same week, you know, the same cultural, societal background, and things like that. Number seven, autonomy, not owned by a rich guy. So, you know, there's a lot of big ballers, big spenders, a lot of foreigners, ex-past, holiday vacation they live here, and, you know, yeah, they have a lot of money, and, you know, if she attaches herself to, you know, all these guys, it's like, all right, well, you know, sometimes a guy kind of owns a girl, or she kind of, she might feel that she doesn't have any freedom. She loses her freedom, you know? So, it's the whole autonomy thing. Number eight, biology wins. Biology is going to win every time. You guys take out the money, and take out, you know, she doesn't care if you're a CEO of some company, or you're retired US military, or you're some big wig from your country, or you used to do this out and the other. Biology is going to win every single time. You take all that out, and these girls like Phil Pino guys, and this is why she likes the Trike Driver. Trike Drivers are young, skinny, and fit. Forders are old, fat, and out of shape. You guys, the average age of a Trike Driver is 39, during their 30s, most foreigners over here are in their 40s, 50s, and 60s. You know, look at me, I'm a foreigner, I'm old, fat, out of shape. She wants the Trike Driver, who's young, skinny, and fit. Okay? So, who would you date? Seriously, like, if I was back in my home country in America, and some CEO, female, she's big, she's fat, she's out of shape, she's unhealthy, she's nasty, she's got all kinds of disorders, and things like that, like, ooh, yuck. What I want to date her, or if I meet a young, skinny, and fit, attractive, female Uber Driver, in my home country in America, who am I going to date? You know, the CEO has lots of money, but all these other issues, or, the Uber Driver, I'm going to go for the Uber Driver. Well, that's what these Filipinas do. They don't want the old, they want, they want the Trike Driver. So, guys, I just wanted to clue you in, eight reasons why, she likes the Trike Driver over you. Trike Drivers are awesome. Good, hardworking, Filipino guys. You know, you can trust them, they help you out. Alright, guys, thanks for watching this video, and we'll see you on the next one.