 Hey, good morning guys. It's bright and early. Wilma woke me up at six o'clock and said, get up, take a shower. Let's get painting. The sun is out. So it's a little cloudy but not bad. And the bed is not even made. So can you imagine if I showed the bedroom today on film without the bed being made. Wilma would not be happy but it's bright out there. Little cloudy supposed to be showers today. I think around 10 o'clock. So we're going to go ahead and get started with our day and start painting our two meter overhead. All right, here's the boss. Making coffee. I'm happy. What time is it? 10 after six. 10 after six. You woke me up at six. I took a quick shower and I'm here ready to start boss. So making coffee, that sounds good. Let's get some coffee in us. And then I think Wilma is supposed to rain. They set around 10 o'clock today. So we have to be ready for that and get our cardboard ready. But hopefully we can get at least the first coat on the two meter overhead. Don't know how long it's going to take. We're going to roll on the paint and then do all the trim work against the house with a brush. And take a look at this guys. Nothing like fresh couple coffee in the morning. It's something that we do every morning. Can't live without it. And we actually brought that appliance as well as these two appliances from the US. So you can see it's plugged in the 110. So definitely it's worthwhile doing the little extra work that we did having the 110 outlet there. So we're going to have our coffee and then we're going to hit it hard, right? Hopefully we'll be dodging the rain drops today. But that paint dries pretty quick. Yeah, thanks so. So I think we're going to be okay. So all right, let's get out there and get started. Okay, first coat is on. So I think I look at the steps. That's two coats. I did do a second coat yesterday. But this is first coat. It really goes on nice. Definitely needs a second coat. Here's the boss. The boss said, hey, while the sun is out, let's start the front. And I said, we'll roll it on. She goes, no, no, no, I'll just sit and brush it on. So she's sitting there brushing away. 50, 50 chance of showers today. So we'll see what happens. So we were out here, you know, probably at 630. It's now 8 a.m. A little after 8 a.m. According to my sundial, probably about 815. So it took right an hour and a half, right at an hour and a half to do the two meter overhang. Now the first coat is obviously way more difficult. And you can see the lines here where I like overlap with my roller. But that'll go away with the second coat because we had that with the when we brushed on the steps. But I think it looks really good. I really like the color. And I think we picked I think we picked a good day. We got plenty of cardboard to cover the strip. If indeed it rains, we can see the blue sky. You can see the laser beam out there. So I think we're going to be okay today. I looked at acu weather, which is basically the sight I look at. And it doesn't show any rain at all. And it only goes up to about 12 noon today, but it doesn't show any showers in this area. Closes showers is like right around the subwoo area. So we should be we should be okay. So this has been down now an hour and a half. And it is dry. It is definitely dry to the touch, especially with the sun on it. I can only imagine type of sunburn. I'm going to get on my legs and back of my neck, but I did put a towel on my head here about halfway through. It was just getting a too hot. But we're going to go ahead and maybe let this sit a little bit longer. It's definitely dry to the touch. But then we'll go ahead and do coat number two. All right, I lost my sundial, but looking at the phone here, it's 9 o'clock. 9 a.m. And take a look. Clows are starting to roll in. So the good news is it's not as hot, but the bad news is now we got to be concerned about what's what's painted. So Wilma said, let's do the steps. So we went ahead and got the first coat of the steps completed. And then we saw the clouds. So we did not continue to paint right here. So we're going to give it a few minutes and see what's going to happen here. So what we're doing now is preparing the boxes. But the steps look good. Again, only one coat so far. So I definitely need two coats, but two coats is better than four compared to the dirty kitchen. So here's the boss. She's cutting the balic buy-in boxes. So hopefully this will be enough. Did a good job here because after we did the second coat, this step right here and this top right here, that's only one coat up there. When we did the second coat, just as I got completed, it started to rain and rain pretty good for a while. So this whole area to about here would have gotten wet. But we went ahead and put the balic buy-in box over and left it overnight. And then we pulled it off. You can see there's no damage all with water. So we're going to hope that right here, these balic buy-in boxes will well the cover all the way across, especially the steps. The steps are going to need to be covered. But up here is dry. I mean, it's really, really dry to the touch. Don't know if rain would affect it. I would imagine it would to some degree. But we're going to go ahead and hold off doing this for a little bit. I'm going to take a quick break. We've been at it since, hey, well, what time we started. We were out here at 6.30, right? 6.30 AM. So it's 9 o'clock now. So been at it for about two and a half hours. I got the first coat almost done just for that little area over there. And then we're going to pray that the rain holds off. Thumbs up for no rain. And if it does rain, we'll go ahead and start putting the boxes on. So stay tuned. All right, it's 10 AM. Another hour went by. And we went ahead and decided to complete that little section right there. So we knocked that out. See the clouds? I think two showers are coming. Nothing in the pool yet, right? That's where we always look to see if it's raining. There's the boss. We just cleaned up. So we completed this section here. It's 10 o'clock. I've been walking on this. It's dry. So this stuff is real quick. Actually, we painted this. I'm going to say 45 minutes ago, about 45 minutes ago. Dry. So this stuff is real good stuff. We really like it. And I will point it out. She goes, look at the blue. picks up with the blue and the pool. The white. picks up the white at a house. And then she said, hey, look, the tile has some gray in it. She's always trying to tie the colors together. So this is a light gray. And then that's a little darker gray. So I think it's going to go really well. So you can see we put up some boxes. We got a few more to put out just to cover it. We're not worried about this area over here at all. Just just the steps and then the sides here. But again, it's it's basically dry the first coat. So I don't think we're going to get a second coat on today. No rush. Just because of the weather. And see how you have to plan your outside projects around the weather, the rainy season. Now if this was the dry season, this would have been long done. But just not the case. Because you know, we've been just waiting on the on the rain. But we just decided to go for it. So this was just completed about five minutes ago. You can still see it's it's drying. We will eventually do the utility room. Same color. But we want to focus on this main area first. And then we'll just come back and put a couple coats on this at a later date. I've used two gallons so far. I bought five. So two gallons did one coat for the steps there. The steps here. The sides, which that goes up a couple of feet. And then of course the two meter overhang by 18 meters. So it covers pretty good and it's very, very thick. Somebody asked about the price of this paint. It's 1900 pesos per gallon. So there's the gallon there. It was 1900 pesos. Definitely like it. Very limited in colors. Green, red, gray, and that tan color. And didn't like the the tan at all. And then this deck, the pro deck, it only comes in gray. So remember the other stuff that we bought was the same primarily the tan color, but it wasn't a pro deck. The pro deck only comes in gray. Or at least only gray in the two stores that we went to because we went to two different stores to get the five gallons that we have. So two gallons here. Let's just say I'll use maybe a half a gallon or maybe another full gallon for the second coat. So there'll be three gallons. And then I have two gallons left over for this area. So I might have to go by another gallon. So I've got quite a few suggestions. And pretty much I'm going with what I wanted to go with anyway, but definitely took your suggestions. We're going to go clear. This is clear coat. We're going to go clear coat here, not paint it gray because many of you said it won't last with the truck drive and over it. Makes a lot of sense. So this area here, this ramp with the grooves will be clear coat. And we have a gallon of clear coat. So the gallon will do this no problem at all. And then we're still having discussions here. We're going all the way out with gray because the truck will be driving over this or do we cut it straight across here and go gray this way or do an angle cut with a grinder to the pool on an angle and go gray this way. So we've got a couple of choices. So we're still having that discussion. But we don't need to worry about it now, right? Because we're concentrating on the two meter overhang. So we've been out here since 630. It's now a little after 10. We're going to go in, figure it and get a cup of coffee, relax a little bit, and then watch the weather. I think they said it was going to be showers. They called 10 o'clock. So it's probably 10, 10 now. So pretty close. And they said that it was going to clear up around one or two. So we'll see what happens. If the sun comes out, we'll get another coat on here today and have this be completed. If not, we'll do it tomorrow. So we'll see what Mother Nature brings us. Oh boy, here we go. We're definitely going to test. If this is drier now, now remember we painted it. It's like 630. It's now 1130. So it's been five hours. Looks like the cardboard is not going to do much. The rain always comes this way and very rarely ever gets on a two meter overhang. Look at it today. It's raining this way. So now the rainline is way over here. So but the good news has been five hours. So we'll see. But take a look at the pool. That is the rainy season right there. Look at the clouds. I mean, it's just complete overcast. A little brighter over there. But this is very, very typical rainy season. You see now, bright it was this morning. Sun's shining in the morning and then right around midday. Like I said, it's about 1130 AM and we got it down for now. What will happen is it'll rain like this and you can see how heavy it is, right? Look at the pool. It'll rain like this anywhere from a half hour to an hour and then the sun will come out and that's very typical of the rainy season. Now the weather forecast did show that it was going to rain around 10 o'clock and at one o'clock it was going to be a decent day, like a 10 to 15% chance of rain. So it should clear up. So we'll see. But look how much water is falling on what we painted this morning. An absolute ton of rain. Again, the waterline is never this far off, but it is today because the rain is coming in this direction as luck would have it. But we'll go ahead and show you this afternoon, hopefully, when things start to dry out. We won't do a second coat today. We'll let it sit. Hopefully it'll dry out, start to get like one, two o'clock. Let it sit overnight and then we'll see what the morning brings and if it's sunny again, we'll do the second coat tomorrow. Welcome to the rainy season. Wow, what a difference an hour makes. So an hour went by, it rained pretty hard for about one hour straight. And you can see that we're starting to see some blue skies and now we can see the blue the ocean a little bit. So again, typical rainy season clouds up midday. Look at the pool. So it rained one hour, one hour real hard and it's about an inch from overflowing. So we got, I would say, three inches of rain in 60 minutes. It's just about overflowing. So I'm going to go ahead and backwash the pool. So take a look. I think we did okay. So nothing washed away. Everything looks dry. The cardboard definitely helped. But the paint was dry anyway. So no fears of the washing away or at least we didn't think so. So this is the first coat. You can see the steps are a little wet. But that's all going to dry out over time. Remember all the rain that was up here. Not too long ago. Look how it's already dry. So the concrete dries very, very fast. The steps here will be dry here in a little bit as long as we get no more rain. The forecast shows no more rain for today. And chanceshowers midday tomorrow. So again, basically a carbon copy of today, which is probably what it's going to be for the next several months. So bottom line is it looks like tomorrow morning. I will be getting up again at 6 a.m. and coming out here and trying to get the second coat on before the midday rain.