 Morning folks, it's somewhere after 8am Monday, 23th January. We got two fires going. We went over there where the grass is and then one right here. The reason we did that was not our plan to burn this today, but Brother Jay was going back here and saw a big king cobra snake behind our well house. Yellow was in color. He said the biggest is on him here. So he shot off into that bamboo. So we made the decision to go ahead and burn the bamboo. We didn't want to do it, but I'm not going to take a chance with a snake and these small kids around. So we're going to burn that bamboo and after that, we're going to clear up back there. And then we're going to go after this big bamboo over here and burn it to the ground and chop it when it gets some rain after it's burned for a while. And keep checking for snakes when we go back there. You see the grass is cut short here, so here comes the cobra. That's the second snake we had in the front of the yard a couple of months ago. Maybe the same snake, I don't know. Well, he killed it. So that's when he killed. So anyway, she's downstairs inside the house, of course. So anyway, so we're supposed to be dragging the hose around here. I don't know where it's at, but I got a... Babe, make sure they bring the hose around the case that fire starts to get out of hand. There's a lot of dry brush back there. I don't want it to get out of hand. So they're back there in JC and Jay, the brothers. I wanted to get that hose back here. I thought that was the plan. So it doesn't get, you know, start spreading into there and across the creek and everything else. It will take a long, especially everything's dry now. It has rained in a bit. So maybe they're waiting for the snake to come out so they can kill it. I don't know. We'll see. But anyway, that's the plan right now. And I'll keep following up right now, watching the cowboys play in the 49ers. So let me get back to the game. There's a cowbred cow. It's called a yellow. So that's where they burned the bamboo. And then... The... the burned the bamboo also here, but he's so... A snake also, it's called a green. I don't know what snake... Hello? Hey, my late man! What's the snake? Hey! I'm scared! Oh, it's a fish. Sure, huh? Huh? Sure, huh? Let's see this. Hey! Don't... Here. Oh my God, dude! Scary! Oh, it's dead! Here. My brother said it's a bamboo snake. What about the poison? Oh, it's the snake. Oh my God! Yeah! Yeah, the big cowbre is still there. I don't see it, so I think it might... It's a good snake for the snake. It's a good one. So my brother said the snake over here. Here. And then... Go there. It's a good one again. Huh? I'm sure the snake is still there. No, it's a good one. What's that? It's a good one. It's a good one. But when I was a kid, I didn't know that. I was just a kid. I was a kid. I'm sure it's a good one. I'm sure it's a good one. I'm sure it's a good one. We have gotten here, the back. Sandong, I know. I know. I know, because I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. That's it. You're not going to eat it? I'm going to eat it. I know. I know. It's dangerous for the snake. It's dangerous for the snake. You'? gestive. You're strong. It's dangerous. All because the... the... some leaves are not dead yet. So what you trying to do? It's still in there. Okay, good. Yeah, it's hard to take it out this bamboo here. Okay. But that's it. It's not gonna spread all over the bamboo. It's not gonna spread all over the bamboo. It's not gonna spread all over the bamboo. It costs a lot of money. That's the one. The one rig. It's not a real name. I'm just closing out today's video. It is a short one. Not a whole lot of changes going on. Stuff being done. Lady Jazz is with Baby Skylar and Sabrina in the bridge. Getting some evening air watch cool outside. Somebody's burning their garbage again over yonder. Beautiful sunset. Looking around. See where people cut the bamboo over there. And we still got the bamboo in the back. It didn't get cut. It burned. It could be green stuff. Anything that was dead or brown burned but not a whole lot going on. That's another project. There are two snakes back there. We found two snakes. One's dead and the big coars escaped. We still got some more leveling work to do over here. We're doing it by hand. I've gone ahead and had brother JC notify the bulldozer guide. I don't need to return. What little bit left we can do by shovel. I go from there. He can come over and get his 500 pesos. I still owe him. I don't know where he's at. You probably come over sometime. Maybe message when he's coming. I thought it was bamboo. He might have been some bamboo over there. But we'll see anyway. Later JC coming with baby sky. Tomorrow's project is already talked to the brother JC. We're going to install the hole with the solar lights and put them up here. Hello, hello, hello. Hello, hello, hello. He's just chilling. It's about that time. We stopped by the San Antonio water district today. I wanted to touch base with him again about learning the city water here. We're having the well water where we have it currently in the back. It's just running dirty now. We've got some green algae coming from it. It's got the iron in it. It's leaving the yellow stuff on where it sinks and our tubs. Even with the filter system it's still pretty strong. The world's only itself 56 feet deep if you recall. When we did the drilling, they were hand drilling it with heavy weight thing. They could only go down to 56 feet. It was too hard so they stopped. That's one issue I'm sure. The other issue, this was the rice field before. Maybe the soil down below was something, whatever. Somebody was telling me. Plus it's closer that creek back there. That's another issue. Anyway, we went to the water, filled out a request for them. Played the hundred pesos for them to come out and inspect it. Their water station is over this way somewhere. It's 570 to 575 meters from their water station, the city's water station. It's closest water station to here, to our home. They said they had hooked up the laundry place, which is over here behind that nice house on the main road. Before it, it was like 220 something meters. But the laundry place stopped using the city water because they said it wasn't sufficient. Enough pressure. That was 220 meters. So we're at 570, so I said, okay. They gave me a cost associated with that for the materials and stuff. The connection fee was 3,000 pesos. The materials I either pipes was like 3 or 4,000 pesos. And then the labor on top of that was 14,500 pesos. So it would be well over a thousand dollars. And they couldn't guarantee it. They would up front with it said, hey, you know, but we can't guarantee you're going to have strong water pressure. So we're going to pass on that. I told them, thank you. Gave me some money for some snacks. They went on their merry way. So the next thing is we contacted Korya Jimmy, who was the guy that was digging our well on the hand. And he knows someone who has a machine. And he quoted us. He said, the last time we checked the guy, it was like 5,000 pesos. A pipe, pipe 20 feet. So if we go down to 80 feet, that's 20,000 pesos. That's around 360 something dollars at the current pace or rate. Current pace or rate somewhere around 54 to 55 but fluctuates between the low 55s and the high 54s point, you know, whatever. So anyway, so we're going to do that again. We're going to move it up here because even Korya Jimmy said we had a 20 foot well there. Before and the water was pretty good. Nine ice water is really good. So we're going to move the well back up there. Out of the rags field itself, but to the side where the kids are just to the left between the Kubo and the bridge right there. Because over there it's still on the bridge. So we're going to cap that off. Okay, so we're going to dig a well there. Get a pressure tank there and we're going to dig a trench and run it to the house. And the pressure tank should give us sufficient pressure for keeping a good strong flow. And what I'm going to do right here is I'm going to put a hand pump on that one. And because it's 20 feet deep. And the one in the back I'm going to put another hand pump inside the well house on it. Just because it's already dug and just for water, water and plants, water and any livestock we may pick up in the future. That kind of stuff, you know, look at the birds. It's beautiful out here, folks. So that's the plan right now. We're just going to wait and hear back from Cory Jimmy on that and get the people over here. And it was funny. I did it came to 20,000 pesos because I went, we stopped by, oh wait, we stopped by the place that was built on the queen's eyes bed. I want 20,000 pesos. And we told him, we're supposed to be done sometime this week. We told him, just move it would be by the pick it up by the seventh of February. I have some more funds. I'm expecting around that time. So the guy was like, okay, that's better because he gives it time for the bed to dry out, dry more, whatever, whether it's the bonus or whether it's wood itself. It's making an animal ahogany. It's a queen size bear with some drawers on the side and everything. So anyway, what was I going, the judge I was yelling at me and waving at me and stuff and everything. So she's over there. So anyway, what was I going with this? Yeah, so, and it's funny. So we said, okay, well, that, so we got 20,000 pesos to, you know, use somewhere else and some improvements and stuff before the seventh. Well, and then no one would be told Cory Jimmy and the guy he was talking through. And yes, about 20,000 pesos. So, it's just funny how that all works out. You know, you can look at the negative side or dang it. We had 20,000 pesos down. We can't, we got to spend it on something else. All you can say, hey, somebody, I'm a beehinder. New, we was going to need 20,000 pesos for to get better water. The water's priority. Get more cleaner water. We don't drink it. We just bathed it and you wash in it and stuff like that. That'll be better. So that's the next project that'll be coming up. Sooner than later, I hope, but we'll see. We'll see what comes and Cory Jimmy calls us back. The bamboo did not burn all the way back there. I believe I said that already. You can see where some of the places are scorched around there. But hopefully it's enough to burn enough to get that big snake to go move somewhere else. And eventually, sooner than later, we got to take these bamboo's down and get that stuff dug up. I may call Ricky the bulldozer go high back at a later date and just having bulldozer the roots. Once we get it cut down and just bulldozer the roots out of there and get them lifted up so we can move them and burn them or haul them somewhere or something. And just get them out of there. We don't want any homes or snakes here. Also, my agenda is to get an outside porch light so we can make that look a little bit nicer. Because these things, these bad boys, we haven't got up yet. They're not going to provide enough light. It's just basically you heard this April 4th, obvious. And I certainly need to get Jay tomorrow. I think I'm going to get him because you can see where it's wet. Get the other blue pipe back up here and connect it and put it back out there so we can clean this up. And get things ready. So that's kind of it. Like I said, now the whole lot of going on today. Tomorrow's going to be a little bit more focused. We're out and about running them around getting those things taken care of. So that's about it. So I'm going to tag it on to the other video I took this morning. Okay, folks, put it soon on. We'll get something a lot more interesting. I keep saying that, but we'll hope so. We took a little back road trip the other day behind the house. Sorry, sometimes I go too fast. The back-hounder took a little video of it. We'll share it with you guys. Some pretty countryside back there. We'll share it with you guys too. Alright, folks. Good evening. Good night. Good morning. Good day. Rolling with Le Jazz. We love you. What happened to you last night? You feel good now? Good morning. Happy baby. Morning, baby. No, I'm... You want your Baba-na? Yeah. You want your Baba-na? Still hot? Still hot? Who's Daddy? Who's Daddy that did put you here? What happened to you here? Who's Daddy? You feel better now? Because you're asleep all day yesterday. That's why. What, what night? Chubby chick, you want to eat? Chubby chick, you want to eat? Chubby chick, you're big boy now. You're big boy now, you cow. Oh, you're big boy now. That's the guy you made me. This is a question of fish. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, you're okay. You're okay? I love you. I love you. I love you very much. I love you. I love you. Do you like that? Happy baby. Happy baby. So wonderful.