 ... Hai, walaong kong pag-farina in the Philippines. Siya sa pag-farina. As you seein. I'm just... I just hope... I just hope you take a bath. Karun. Hai sa ta. Ano... I just picked a galog na. So others can understand if I don't speak English. So anong gagawin natin ng umaga. Tina tao ako nang nana ako. Karla. Kagay, tagalo ko. Tina tao ako nang nana ako. Kagay sabin ya. May bichu ako nagagawin. Ano. Yaaan. Ya, he's gonna... If you're following our videos, we got share. I picked up some share in the fish van Harvest at Mike's and bonus place from New Zealand. And as you seein, now that's what nana is doing now. And that's the breakfast of my husband. So... Tagalo ko nana, tagalo ko nana. I'm gonna be with you. So ay, ba? So gina nana, anong gina gawin mo nana. Nanduk tok naka nang bagungon. Ka... Kaidi ka ka iniating. Ya, so... Ya, she's seen. I'm gonna turn out the camera. Okay, bich. Ten. Koma ay nabang nabang nabang nang bagungon. Ya, so here. That's what nana did. If you... This one. This one, because... Terrence gonna lay up so lay up on this. Right? So nana need to pick up this one, cut this one. Yaaan. Delicious. And bagungon. So that's the breakfast of Daren. Okay? So continue. Tagalo ko nana. Koma sa naman kanakang ima puraiberan na. How I sure puraiboy na nana. I'm waiting for you. So you're so good. Wala gidiabut. Nana is always waiting. It's just like the bus is better. The bus or the jipney, the van is better. Because if you wait on the road, it will come. But that forever, never come. So it's Saturday. It's Saturday here. And yesterday we just watched movie. And it's kind of, you know, it's nice feeling just home. I was just watching, I think I watched three movies. Terrence just watched two. The rest is Tagalo. So we're here and we're hoping the mechanic will... We're hoping that the mechanic will arrive today because they're gonna put the new fuel pump on our blue bus, jipney. Because the problem on this is the new fuel filter. I think they're gonna do the assembly. And the order that the new fuel pump in Sibu. So now we tell the, we speak the other day and we said to them, the manager there, look, it's frustrating. We spend half a million for this and it's not working. It's just been in the house. The reason why we buy vehicles is so that we have new transportation. And it's when, yeah, because we, from the very beginning, we know that there's a prop out. From the very, when we do the testing, there's already the problem. And we told that to the mechanic and the mechanic says, oh, it's just a little adjustment, right? It's just a little adjustment. So we thought that's right. And then later on, there's just something that we noticed that it's always been stopping, stopping. We need to start doing the on. So we go back there and it says, and we go to Nester for your second opinion. And the Nester said, uh, before it's the one in Bagakai, the mechanic of the van there and it said, oh, it's the fuel filter that needs to be replaced, the whole assembly. So we went to Nester and Nester agreed on it. So we go back there and said, oh, okay, we ordered. You know what's it now? We're hoping to come up today so we can use that, especially tomorrow is Sunday. So, there it is! Let's go! Bagdale! So now, wait for the last portions of this video, the breakfast of Dara. So stay tuned!