 Oh you made a fuck! You hit the fuck! Ho! Yeah, we had to get up at 2.3 a.m. We were supposed to get up at 2.30, but we managed to get up at 3.30. I think it's just trying to get the bus to Coassam and Wild Wild and my innards. How an adventure to do that. Our first destination is going to be Marble Out and it takes about 2.5 hours to get there by serious bus from the South Bus Terminal and we're in Sabu City. Marble Out was one of the hot spots for diving here in Sabu. Don't forget the road. The Fiora Diva. That's the place you want to go and the bus ride there is really nice because it's down the coastal road. It's a pretty crazy drive down because we're sure cliffs are dropped. 60 feet and stuff so it's pretty hectic when you're on the bus. I've only been sleeping three hours a day late and you film kind of used to it. Usually I'm asleep for like 12 hours so this is not really a refreshing change. It's just work. But it's fun at the same time it's. We're going to start looking at Hagrid's bike, right? What's that word? Fulfilling. Fulfilling word. That's what it is. This is good to be doing this. It's fun and we love it. So we're here at South Bus Terminal. I need you can see. It's a terminal for buses. This is not exciting. Normally South Bus Terminal is quite hectic but because we're here in the morning it's a little easier. So apparently it's really fast. This is the bus to take. We'll find out if we get the destination. So basically with the 116 each to go to the wild wild. 116 each about what to do. To your own or three dollars. Yeah it's very cheap. We can travel around the Philippines. You just have to spend some time being or sitting down and just waiting around. So you can stop by the iPod music, watch the movie which is up there. So we've arrived at Marble Out Beach. Yeah we finally made it to the wild wild wild wild wild wild beach. So we're off to, we just have food in the Calendaria. There's my setup. Very tasty. And then check out the sea. So blue, so turquoise. We're in paradise right now. But we're going to find another resort where we can uh have a look, see what's happening. Yeah. We're going to find a main street. I remember it used to be a main street. Well that's a restaurant. The high street but I don't think so. We made it to the white sand beach anyway. It's definitely supposed to go. But apparently the place I'm talking about is town area with lots of diving shops and stuff. It's in Panagsama which is apparently a bit far from here and we have to get a tricycle so. I don't know where we're going to go. We're going off to get a tricycle so. I don't know where we're walking to now. Behind me is white beach. Wow you have my Rollon top. My end it, you roll on the car. Oh. The other thing about my mobile is this is a hotspot for Subu for the divers and snorkelies. If you just go out you see we saw those the divers coming along on the big boats. So you can just head out to the coral reefs and dive down because the coral is so beautiful and spectacular is what I've heard. Yeah, I'm fact I was going to dive in but I forgot my diving gear. Because I am actually a qualified diver. I've dived as low as 2 feet. No, I'm not a diver but I would like to try it and if I was going to try it anyway I would try it here because I've heard that's really nice here. So yeah we're back in the calendar and we're starting and I think we're going to head on to Moal. We're going to head from Wild Wild to Coassum which is about 45 minutes away. Let's go! Right now where we got a tricycle on the way to the highway to get a bus. It's actually about I think 4 kilometers, 3 kilometers. And oh okay right. It's quite a struggle to get inside. But as you can see the bus is different about this one. Most tricycles in Manila they only have like one segment or one section for people to sit in. This has two double decarons. This is a different started tricycle. Yeah, so this is the limousine. Let's try to go see it. What's the regular price? I don't know. It's 50.50. It's about 50 each. I think you can get down to 30 each but it depends on you. So the first thing you'll notice when you hit Coassum is this church. So you start off this church and you have to track your way into the first fall. It can be quite easy to miss because there's not really a huge sign or you don't see the falls immediately. It is good to know that this is what you need to look out for if you come into the Coassum course. Whoa what did you know? It's so windy in here that my shirt blew off. It's actually my sixth time here. Each time I come here I have this good feeling. It's going to be good. And usually this. There's something about Coassum that I really love. Just clean fresh water. I don't drink it but it's so fresh and clean. I love Kawasaki. I've been coming here since I was a kid because it's right. It's basically my back garden. I usually come here with my family so we prepare food in the morning. Like kilos and kilos of fish, rice, chicken. And then me and my family about 20 of us bring it all up. And then of course we're sweating by the time we get in and we're jumping the water. It's absolutely fantastic. Yeah you're going to get a little workout down here because you're walking up the stairs all the way to the second falls. There's actually I think three falls that you can walk up to but a lot of people prefer the second falls. The second falls is really nice. It's part of the wild animal in the woods. It is Charlie and he is trying to take a shot over the waterfall. So we made it to the third and final. Well, no actually this is the second fall. Am I good in this? There is a third fall as well. This is the second falls and the water is actually quite cold. It's nippy and it's fun. It's really cold but the same time it's super refreshing. We've just discovered a new species of fish here in Kowasa. Look. Wow, you got the putty fish. It's time to get out of the water. One more time. I'm going to get out of here. I'm going to get out from here. I can hardly run and look at his skin. I can hardly run and look at his skin. I can hardly run and look at his skin. How are you, Miko? Hey guys, I really enjoyed my trip. I love coming here to Quas and it's like my favorite falls. Each time I come here I'm like a little kid at the water park. I just can't contain myself. But the thing is, it's super cold as soon as you go in, it's freezing. But as soon as you're in there you feel fantastic. How bright how you doing? Oh, what's so you just can't be drawing my hair? Actually this is one of my favorite falls in the Philippines if I must, if I do say so myself. And the reason is is you see a lot of waterfalls in pictures on Instagram and they look amazing but when you get there they're not always as good as they look on the screen. But this one does. You could even say it looks better. It is one of my favorites. So don't miss a chance to come here. Get over here now. Yeah, so Brian is basically installing everything I was about to say for every take. So again, yeah I really love this waterfall. There's actually three sections to it. But number two where we are right now is my favorite. Are you coming here with my family? I can't even count now since I was a kid. So this is a picturesque place. It is so beautiful. There's so many Instagram accounts that have actually featured this, that have millions of followers. So any of you guys that have watched this video do come here and check it out for yourself because it is so beautiful and so cheap to come here. Sign in now guys. So guys we hope you enjoyed the show. We gotta go.