 How does the Philippines even make money? What's up Philippines? Welcome back to another video about the Philippines. I'm going to react today to a video that seems very interesting. I... I'm very intrigued because I don't know the answer to that. So today, hopefully, I will get some insight about how the Philippines makes money. I know that tourism has been a big part, but... Maybe coconuts? I don't know. I don't know. It's so difficult. Like, what is the export... Like, the main export of the Philippines? How do they make money? So... Are you guys ready? I am ready. Okay, let's jump right into it. The government of the Philippines is a body that governs the entire country. It is the one that chooses which sector will grow the most. And also the one who chooses if a sector even needs to exist. Hold on. Yeah. Workforce. My guess is just workforce. Because that has been the biggest export in the past few decades, right? Let's see. Like we'll do. The government, just like any other body of nations, functions by receiving money from its citizens. These are mostly known as tax revenues. The single most important factor in providing government revenues for policy makers. The Philippines generates a lot of tax revenues every year. In 2021 alone, it had a whopping $48 billion US dollars. These were collected from various sources, individual and corporate taxes, to property and GST, and even taxes on international trade. But aside from tax... Like every country? The government of the Philippines also generates money from so-called non-tax revenues. These are however not as significant as tax revenues. In 2021, they only came out at about $4.5 billion. They are mostly generated from factors such as its government owned enterprises. Some of them are known are the likes of the Philippine National Oil Company and the land bank of the Philippines. Okay. Non-tax revenues can also be generated through royalties. One that is amongst the most famous is the Malampai Agass Field. And in 2021, it had generated nearly $400 million in royalties. What? The National Oil Company to the Malampai Agass Field is just amongst the schemes that generate non-tax revenues to the government. There are also times when they can make money through the privatization of a government owned asset, where they could either sell it to a conglomerate or through a public offering to the stock exchange. Another fact that increases non-tax revenue is foreign grants, with one example the USA. Both the tax and tax revenue results in around $52.5 billion in annual government revenues. While it may sound quite an enormous number, it is actually quite low, especially when we talk about how much the government spends. This can then lead us to where and how much the government actually spends non-tax- Sensitiv topic. Capital generated from taxes and non-taxes is often known from paying down its government employees, constructing infrastructures, and even stimulating the economy by giving money to its people. These spinnings are known to be guided by the so-called national budget. One that is enacted each year. In 2021, the government spent over $83 billion, which is a figure that is nearly double the amount it had generated in the same year. How did the government spend much more than what it generated? Well, back with. Well, back with. That's more than we must first take back. Okay, I feel like I already know that you guys are going to go crazy in the comments section. This is a very sensitive topic, I think, because I mean, I've been living in the Philippines and I know the problems of the country as well. Very well, so I've been reading comments, of course, on our former channel, but also just kind of like learn from you guys as well. So, here national debt is like an issue everywhere else. Okay. That's good. And which is how much these agencies receive goes on until the very last dollar. Do take note that these are more complex than they've seen. Because the funding where the government places its money could lead to the construction of railways, the provision for COVID-19 vaccines, and even some research in development institutions. The budget has pinpointed this clearly. Rail transportation projects had a nearly $1 billion budget, while COVID-19 Yes, I read about that, or I even watched a video about the upcoming projects. The real projects coming to the Philippines, which is such a blessing, because if you have taken a bus in the Philippines, you know that it can be very well. And having railways would be such a huge impact, so much more comfort. Yeah. It could invest in $45 million, and the construction of a virology institute for research and development purposes was just $5 million. What may sound quite intriguing is that some of the annual budgets are spent on servicing government debt. In 2021, out of the total $83 billion that it spent, nearly $10 billion was actually used to pay down the country's debt. Quite a figure, since that same $10 billion would be better off spent on stimulating the economy through various instruments. Now the government is running on a deficit. As we've said earlier, how can the government afford this excessive spending? What are the implications that this could bring? Well, the first that we must mention is that this budget deficit is actually normal. It is applied in many countries and even at companies. Yeah, that's what I was saying. The Philippines has been running on a deficit consistently since 1998. Not a year had it earned more than it has been. This deficit then leads the government to borrow money, which is one of the reasons why the debt repayments from the budget came from. Isn't that the same thing in the US? I mean, I'm not quite familiar with the numbers or the years, but I mean, running on deficit seems to be a normal thing for governments. That's why they keep borrowing money, right? The larger the deficit, the more debt the government has to take to serve its government goals. What could be profoundly good about this economic policy is that it allows the government to pursue better agendas. Take, for example, the government's infrastructure project. When a successful project has been undertaken, it would eventually return enough money for the government to pay down the deficit it had borrowed from. A railway that pushed government debt is more than likely planned to earn enough to service the initial debt. It could do so by earning money from the operations of the railway, or it could lead to higher tax revenues from better productivity. The budget given to the Department of Education is one of the most crucial in developing the Philippines. A high budget for this department would ensure education is provisioned throughout its population, which would result in the country entering high value industries, such as manufacturing, which would then lead to a stronger influx of foreign investments in the future, along with an increase of productivity, which would greatly affect tax revenues. Although the investment into education is not always the best thing a government may do, since many countries around the world have been quite successful without doing the same. But for the Philippines, a country with a growing population, it might be the best idea for now. Yes. And this is not a situation every time you do this. It would always go to plan. If the government fails to properly provision a project, and its cost overruns, it could lead to an unnecessary debt burden to society. We could also imply that the government's investments into education may also be a double-edged sword, since it is notoriously known that the country is one of the emerging countries experiencing what we call brain drain. A concept created and implied into nations, where its professionals and highly talented people leave the country in favor for better opportunities abroad. Furthermore, if an overly ambitious government takes place and takes too many loans, it could break the country. Just like how it did. Um, yeah, we spoke about this on the Russian channel. There are so many people leaving the country because of better opportunities, better education, better jobs. So the country seems to be working towards different goals now, making the people stay in the country, I think. Um, so yeah, good that they're investing in education. Many nations around the world. In some cases, however, there are also some nations that have taken on too much debt, yet survived an economic catastrophe, such as Japan. But these special cases may not always be implied in every country that would face such a disaster. Do take note, however, that while debt is often known for being a notorious instrument, it is still an actually the single best reason why the modern world has developed to where it is today. Because it allowed many countries to invest in infrastructures, businesses, and so on. Finally, one of the factors that needs to be fixed is the country's tax revenue, which is not generating enough. The tax revenue to GDP ratio is a basis to see if a country is generating enough taxes from its population. The Philippines in 2020 has received just 14.2 percent, which is a figure far lower compared to the rest of the world. Its Southeast Asian counterparts, such as Vietnam, standard at tax revenue to GDP of 18.6 percent. Interesting. Thailand at 17.6 percent, and the best development nations from Europe are upwards of about 40 percent. That was not a way. The Philippines is very much lagging in its tax revenues. They're actually higher than Malaysia, Indonesia, and Singapore in the region. This might however be due to Malaysians Singapore's having lesser tax implementations in them. Whereas Malaysia does not even have its own value added tax, and Singapore with very low taxes. Wow. Further, there are also many countries with special circumstances. Oil rich countries do not need to rely on tax revenues, as they gather enough money from their exports. This, however, does not seem to apply to the Philippines. Hence, it must turn to improve its tax revenues. This is done by closing down loopholes for tax evasion. While a controversial topic, it has been found to be a big issue in numerous ways throughout the archipelago nation. But it could also be through, as we have mentioned, increasing productivity, and improving businesses and national infrastructures. Finally, government revenues and expenses are also steadily growing every year. This is a result of the economic growth it experiences. More tax revenues and more need to service its country. By the end of 2022, total revenues are slated to be 3 trillion pesos, or 53 billion dollars, much the same as last year. But taxes and spending are just projections and are not always right. But even after generating this amount of money, government revenues are still far short of how much they got in 2019. Where did it receive 3.1 trillion pesos, which may imply that the country is still trying to catch up from the COVID-19 economic crisis in 2020? More over the next few years. The government is still not generating enough money. Its budget for 2022 in the coming years is going to rise higher. If the government revenues do not pick up, it would force the government to raise money via loans. But anyway, these are just some opinions and do not dictate how the economy of the Philippines should work. But do let us know what you think. Thanks for watching. Interesting. Okay, it was not what I expected. Definitely different from other countries as well. And very interesting to know. You know, for me, for somebody who has been living in the Philippines for three years, it's very essential to understand the country, to understand how it works, to understand the cultures, especially as a foreigner, and then also adapting. And just keeping up to date with new things that are coming out, new regulations. So wow, that was a topical video. So the entertainment factor is not quite the same like on other videos. But I hope you guys learned something new. I definitely did. And if you did give this video a thumbs up. If you're new to the channel, subscribe for the next one. I hope I will have a fun one for the next one. Definitely leave me a recommendation in the comment section. What to react to for the next time. And I'll see you guys next time here on What's Up Philippines? Bye bye.