 Sounds really good. Looks a bit like a micro-larum actually. Yeah, I just wanted to say Lamborghini, but I don't know what I'm talking about. Why buy it to you? Do you when you can buy it or radio? Let's do it, do it, do it! What's up Philippines! Welcome to another reaction video. I don't know. I don't know. I'm Mike. I love Delhi. I'm going to travel food and lifestyle vlog is best here in the beautiful city of Makati, Metro Manila, Philippines. Planet Earth. Milky Way. Solar System Milky Way, first point of universe. That's it. Guys, if you know around here, I said that already. Yeah. Really want to react to today. Okay, today we are reacting to a topic that is more catered to Mike's interest. It's about a car. Well, hold on. It's about a super car that is... A Filipino super car. Yeah, I just wanted to say that it comes from the Philippines. But the question is, I don't know that much about cars. What is a super car? A car that goes faster. Okay, glad we got this car. I think you have to come a little bit far away. Yeah. Guys, super cars. Awesome. I didn't know it was a super car from the Philippines so I can't wait to see this. But before we jump into that video, be sure to hit that subscribe button, turn on the notifications to support us here on the channel. And if you have any videos that you say I want Mike and Elie to react to this video. There is a link in the description box down below. And submit the videos to us so we can actually find it. Because we struggle to go through all the comments and find the reaction videos. Yeah, this is a good link. YouTube blocks links in the comments. Yeah. And then we can't find them. So that's the best way you can submit videos to us. Exactly. Okay. Yes. Show me. We show. Okay, but you have to make comments. I'll just say it looks nice. Okay. I'll say room through. I'll say room through. Let's do it. Okay, it goes room through. A new contender for the best affordable exotic has in it. What? And it's this factor of a really supercar from the Philippines. Wow. With gorgeous extra styling, a range of highly-tube of power trains and a low price that will knock your socks off. Could you really be able to buy? What? Then other cheap exotics on the market. 30,000. Is it just another shoddy plastic replica? In today's video, we'll take that to the market. Look, it's a bit like a light blower in the market. I'm going to have to be a little bit more comfortable. New and unique supercar. That sounds good. What an inch is that? Sounds like a straight six. The factor of a really old had humble beginnings. Work on the concept car began as early as 2008 and took five years of intense development. Well, a pair for its debut in 2013. It's the brainchild of 21-year-old engineering student Kevin Factor, who worked on the car alongside his brother Brian and friend Brendan Areleo. The company is based out of Laguna. It is. It's a state that around 80% of the car's components are sourced locally from the Philippines. That's a cool thing. It's a cool thing. It's over a dozen. And the handmade supercar is nearly ready for production. Wow. The Factor Areleo is assembled onto a custom tubular space frame. It's ultra-steff, rigid, and right-of-the-handle, high-top speed. It uses a combination of custom handmade parts as well as suspension components taken from a Mitsubishi VR4 to keep the tires down on the road. Power is supplied by a Honda B16A engine, taken from a fifth gen Honda Civic. It's been turbocharged with ten pounds of boost to produce a little over 500 horsepower. And, well, that may not sound too impressive compared to today's exotic standards of thousands of horsepower. It should be plenty to power the lightweight Areleo, which is said to weigh a little over 1,200 pounds before the body is installed. Rumor has it, the Areleo will also be offered with a Mitsubishi 4G63T inline 4-cylinder engine, tuned to have a similar output to the Honda motor. But, again, being a custom built exotic from a small manufacturer, there's also a lot of potential and room for one-off powertrains. Footage online shows a V6-powered Areleo called the 350S running and driving, as well as a V8 model that's currently under construction. This car will be the epitome of Areleo performance and is powered by a Corvette LT5 6.2 liter supercharged motor with over 750 horsepower. It's more like a sequential paddle-shifted transmission for a light-walled chassis and acceleration. When completed, it should be one of the most powerful cars ever produced by a brand based in the Philippines. And it's been given a number of custom upgrades over the entry-level models as well. Well, performance for this new V8 model is still unknown. Areleo says the Honda-powered model should be able to reach a toss speed of 290 km per hour, or roughly 180 mph, as well as accelerate so lightly fast as it can complete the quarter mile in less than 10 seconds. That's the third time. Also, eight ton of videos floating around online that demonstrate this car's not only fantastic exhaust note from the variety of powertrains offered, but also showing off some pretty cool rear-wheel-drive mid-engined donuts. Oh, nice. It looks like a lot of fun. Queer filming. Sounds really good. I'm pretty sure that have models already. Maybe we can recharge them and see if we can have a sneak peek on the vlog. But anyway, our main channel will pop up right here. So cool. As impressive as the performance of the Irelio is, the exterior of the car is even more exciting to look at. It appears to be going fast even at a standstill, which is exactly what most exotic customers want. You're going to catch everyone's eye out on the road with this thing. It has a completely unique design, drawn, side-bred in Irelio, and crafted out of handmade, fiberglass reinforced plastic body panels. Unlike many other custom cars in the industry, the Irelio isn't a simple replica or rip-off of more popular brand. Although it does integrate design elements that are similar to both Ferrari and Lamborghini. I'm the car. That traditional Italian-made-corp. It's given 18-inch aluminum rims from local Philippine brand Rotowewiels, as well as some stylish scissor doors and custom taillights out back. There are a few areas of the car that look a bit rough, especially on the concept car, but in general I'm a big fan of the design shown here. It has some of the most aggressive vents built into the rear fender, which are contrasted by the smooth body lines wrapping around the side. I particularly like the razor-thin accent lighting up front, and the center mounted exhaust in the back. It really does a great job of making this car unique and stand out. The side profile shows off some pretty sleek proportions, but I think the car looks best without the optional arrow-wing in back. To the uninitiated out there, the car enthusiasts who haven't heard of this model, it could easily be mistaken for a million dollar exonium, despite having a price tag of about the same as a new Toyota Camry. The interior design of the Irelio is equally fascinating, with the whole model. Why buy a Toyota when you can buy a radio? The car is a major concern when taking a look at the interior of the car, which is so customized and from such a small, pretty new brand that doesn't have a ton of experience, fitting the right panels and things on the inside of the car. But it appears the interior of this Philippine Supercar is pretty well built with its flat surfaces and carbon fiber accents. The company offers a ton of upgrades from the iPad-based rotating infotainment system to the F1 style Steering Integrated Digital Gauge System. The materials and tech can be picked out to match the customer's taste, creating the perfect interior for everyone. Not 7 long years after the car's initial debut, Aurelio Concepts is still hard at work, refining the model lineup and building up the brand. It's always difficult to find up to date information on such niche manufacturers, but it appears they are very close to taking orders on the car and beginning production. The company says they have the ability to build around 10 to 20 cars per year, and while it may not be as polished or well-built as traditional Italian exotics, the low price and exclusivity could make up for that to some buyers. Once again, the exact details remain fuzzy and are subject to change. But from my research, it appears the Aurelio is going to have a price tag of just 1.6 million Philippine paces, which does sound quite a lot at first. But once you convert it over to USD, it comes out to just a little over $33,000 USD, which is just incredible. Considering how exotic this car looks and the decent performance it brings, the car will likely be sold exclusively in the Philippines at first, which is just to avoid complications of legalizing, shipping and registering the cars internationally. But fine by me! Success? Who knows. I think there are plenty of enthusiasts here in the States who would love to get their hands of such a good looking and affordable supercar. What do you think of the Factor Aurelio? Is it the supercar bargain of the century or just another Ferrari? Let me know your thoughts down in the comments section below. And also, if you're interested in... Wow! Yeah, we need to try and like review the car maybe on a V-trap. I was going there right now! It's given the car right now! And what I liked on one of the cars at the back in the license plate here, it's an angle of attack, which is actually a term from flying. And it has to do with the wind on the wings. So I don't know if you guys know, but I'm planning on doing my pilot's license. So in the Philippines if you want to follow that adventure, head on over to our main channel, making it happen blog, which is linked right here. Guys, if any one of you has any contact details on this company, please reach out to us, either by Instagram, sending us a message, making it happen blog and Nelly's Life Underline. Yeah, or via email. Wow, that is so exciting! And I know, like he said, it's like seven years in the making. But even like when you think of cars like Tesla, it goes way back, way back. And I'm actually excited for supercars, the physics, because it's an important luxury car or supercars here in the Philippines, it's very, very expensive. And there are like certain regulations that we don't understand, because we don't really... I mean, we're not really telling you to buy a supercar. But it's quite fascinating. I'm happy to hear concerns here Nelly. It's fascinating to me. Alright guys, if you enjoyed today's vlog, be sure to give it a thumbs up, subscribe if you're new and we'll see you guys next time on What's Up in the Seas! Bye!