 Hi! Hello and good morning for you! From Borlaqai our first morning here If you need to our channel, my name is Fender Dušku I'm Fender Dušku And we are happy this crossing We are a couple that travels the world in a really low budget And share it our journey here on YouTube So guys, today if you like that, just please subscribe to our channel Okay guys, today we're gonna spend our first day here And we're gonna spend our first day here in Borlaqai with you So come and explore Borlaqai with us But first, let's get some starving And off we go But first day of the day, it's definitely the water Fender Dušku Fender Dušku Fender Dušku Fender Dušku Fender Dušku Fender Dušku Fender Dušku It really is fresh, it's so clear Let me see if one of that clear Seriously Okay, fine, let's just play, guys And it's actually pretty cheap We're here with juice, red, eggs, everything here Together with the juice, all coffee you choose is only 200 pesos each So it's pretty cheap and you have this beautiful ocean feel Guys, we just finished our breakfast here on Borlaqai in the Pamboon beach resort It's a pretty basic restaurant, it's pretty busy here as well They have a huge menu and we're probably gonna come back for dinner They have a lot of fresh, real seafood here And so it's perfect for us It's one we've seen so far So far, yes You always have to keep in mind though that most of the places here in Borlaqai that charge you 10% of service and so are charged So I'm just keeping in mind that it's gonna be a little bit more expensive than the price on the menu So now the plan is gonna be, we wanna go as high as the wrong Because we lost our own so wrong We're gonna get a tricycle here and go all the way to station 1 To show you guys the amazing white sand beach with less people Because on this station it's pretty packed A lot of people are starting their diving tour here as well We just would love to relax a little bit Just enjoy it, say bye, touch the water Gonna come with us on next sub-blown, it's beautiful beach Let's go So we gotta look for Ersa wrong and look at this view My god, it's so beautiful It's just incredible Just wanna go in the first swim, it looks like it's swimming for Here It's just so clear Let's get this one This one Wow, that's a nice color And we have our sarong Every bay of 150 pesos Yeah, and now we go to the beach, right? Yay! I find, it's good to the beach Woo, so strong So we checked the parasailing, but it's literally Way too expensive for us It's like 40 US dollars It's expensive and there was apparently the best price Because we walked to a few different countries But you wanna go in the middle? Yeah, maybe It is so hot Oh my god, it's so excited that she gets the beach And they're just recording something here, I don't know what it is Look at this camera Hello! What are you recording? Okay, could it take you? I think so Enjoy your break! Yes So we are basically walking all the way to The White Sand Beach here We're just like, you can see already the end of the White beach So hot, but I think we're gonna stay here It's so quiet here Let's go in the water! So we're just gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water And then we're gonna walk in the water Guys, this is Paradise the I said that's definitely the paradise for my god. Guys we're having here the best day it's not to windy. There's not even a single cloud on this sky. I'm excited to get hungry now are you hungry? We don't know where we're going now but we will figure something out. Hello. How are you? How are you? How are you? Where you guys from? Manila. I'm Manila okay we just came from Manila. Hena. Oh. Oh why are you ready? So we paid 220. All right. It was one of the best dishes I had. Long long long time. Long long time. That's actually the main street but cars are not allowed. It's good is not allowed here. We're basically walking on sand everywhere. It's really nice and lovely. And we are walking everything is right next to the beach. So like literally every restaurant has like a beach view. Except they are on the main street. No matter which station you are you're going to find all sorts of restaurants. You're going to find from cheap restaurants to expensive restaurants from Chinese, super rare. Overall it's really nice. I love it. It's full of tourists. It's full of people walking around but you cannot hear like loud music. You don't see anyone drinking on the beach or smoking cigarettes. I've got a feeling I'm falling. Falling on nobody else but you. I'm flying high but I know. You'll meet the ring and I'm bright blue. So now from the beach we just turned one little tree and we arrived in this sea moor. It's like a little market and they also open and they have a few places here and they sell a few things but no chaukings. No chaukings. They do have chaukings somewhere here. We're going to figure it out. But this is craving some halohalo. But then halohalo from chaukings is a special one. I have a special emotional relationship with the halohalo chaukings. So we're on the way now to go to the city moor. Which is on station one. We were just on station two. So you're just riding those. It's a kind of a tricycle. It's a little bit bigger and it's a led ring. So they don't consume any kind of fuel. They don't have any kind of fuel. It's only a led ring so it's amazing for the environment. You'll meet the ring and look at this line. You were stuck somewhere there. We wound up moving at all. So we just got out. We decided to walk. What is happening? Jesus. That's what I call teamwork. They're all pushing the bus together. This is what I call Filipino teamwork. It's a chaos here, guys. Are you happy now? I didn't eat it yet. The flight is so good. I'm flying high but I've got a feeling I'm falling. Let's go home now. Shall we? You finish? Are you going to finish? I'm free for. Let's go. Oh my God, I'm so full. This is going to be our right home. Oh wow. We have a backpack here. Three people here. Say hi. We're going to pass all the tricycles so it's going to be super fast. Thank you so much for driving us. Thank you. We drove us through the backyard of Boracay. It was amazing. He drove us really through spots that we would never see of Boracay. The plan is that we want to explore the island tomorrow. And then the day after we want to go to Ramblon and do a day trip there. That's going to be amazing. Boracay, what I think about it so far is definitely a paradise. I've never seen such a blue and clear water. As in here, it's just unbelievable. The beach, it's a lot of people. I would even say that sometimes looks overcrowded. But it's still so clean and have so many, so many stops looking up after it. You see every 10-20 meters. The security is with the pedalboard in the water. We're going to do one whole video only based on the new Boracay versus the old one. Yeah, our first impressions. Let's turn on the light. Oh yeah, we have a light. Well guys, look at this. We're using our light. I mean, we're sitting here in front of this amazing sunset. You know, Boracay is just kind of island that you can just sit here in the sand. It's wind still. It's beautiful. It's magical. You can see that Boracay is not 100% ready yet. Yeah, you can see that. There's so many construction. They are putting down a lot of buildings. They are building up new buildings. And I noticed that I think the best way to get around here is just walk. Yeah, yeah, yeah, not honestly. It's not worth it. It's not worth it. It's worth it if you don't go to the other side of the island. And if you don't need to go all the way to the north, just walk at the beach. And it's beautiful. It's the most beautiful thing ever. The weather is fantastic. Now we're just going to finish watching the sunset. Then we're going to take a shower now and start to edit this vlog here. And also, leave us a comment. What do you want to see it from Boracay? What are you expecting us to show you guys? We would love to know. Yeah. And other than that, let's learn today's Tagalog word. Gangdaco. Angandaco. So that came from Arte Freed's papel. The word of today Tagalog, it is Angandaco. Angandaco. Angandaco. Angandaco. I'm beautiful. Right? We hope you guys enjoyed today's video. Thank you so much for watching. Thank you guys. Thank you. If you enjoy our videos, if you like happiness crossing, Palestinian, Ferdinand, help us subscribe to our channel, leave us a comment and share this video with your friends and family. Maybe your dogs, anyone you like to share it. Maybe your grandma. Your grandma too. Have a good night. Have a good night guys. Happiness is crossing. Boracay. See you tomorrow's luck.