 With well over 120 languages being spoken in the Philippines, there certainly is a lot to learn. And although Theralloke and English are usually more than enough to communicate with Filipinos, I've always been interested in learning another language from the region. Because the Saibwano language has 20 million speakers in the Philippines, it seemed like a great place to start. So I decided to talk with Judy, a talented Saibwano teacher here on YouTube. She also has a website with tons of good resources to learn the language. So make sure to check her out, link in the description below. Judy and I had a fantastic time talking about Saibwano and the region where it comes from. And most importantly, she was able to help me learn my first words in the language. Let me know what you guys would like to see me learn other Filipino languages as well. I hope you guys enjoy the video. I'm always busy with my books. I'm always busy with my books. I'm always busy with my books. How do you like our team? I like you. I like you. How are you? I'm not here in the quarter. But I'm always busy with my books. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here because Saibwano is here. I've been learning all my life. We know each other. But we can't give the English importance to each other. Because we can use English to teach. What do you think about teaching in your language? Number one is the accent. Because the language is different from Saibwano. We have different skills. We have different pronunciation. So when you teach the language, especially Saibwano, we have different accent. We have different languages. We have different accent. But what makes it so difficult is the verb conjugation. It's a verb and it's so damn. So it's so damn the verb conjugation. Compared to Saibwano. What do you think about the language? I don't think I can teach the language. The verb in Saibwano is good. I don't think so. Because there are some infixes. But Saibwano is a damn good thing. Filipino. Compared to Saibwano. I think I'm a bit shy to teach. But I don't have a good language. Because I don't have a good language. So you have a teacher. So I'm excited to learn the language. Because I like Saibwano. You can learn the language. What do you think about Saibwano? It's like you're just a teacher. I think so. If you're referring to the teacher, you can teach Saibwano. If you're a teacher, you're more specific from Saibwano. So there are languages, languages, languages. So the language is different. But the language is different from the language. But it's different from the language. So this is what I'm talking about. I'm talking about the language. The language is different from Saibwano. It's not that important. I don't know how to speak Saibwano. But Saibwano is different because of the quality. It's different. So we can speak Saibwano. Saibwano is different from Saibwano. There are some of the things we call double-weiny. But the language is different. There are some things we call double-weiny. So there are some overlapping in areas. There are some things we call double-weiny. There are some things we call double-weiny. There are some things we call double-weiny. The reason why I'm talking about this is that there are some things. What are the things we call double-weiny? If you're talking about the language, what do you think about it? I think it's double-weiny. Because I think it's different from Saibwano. So this is my channel. I'm talking about the language. So in other groups of Saibwano, what do you think? I think it's the second. Do you think that you're talking about the language? Yes, I think so. I'm talking about the language. I'm talking about the language. I'm talking about the work. Do you like the language? Yes, I like the language. The most simple and the most chill type of context in Manila. Because when I work in Manila, the language is different. It's like a day or two. For the first three months, I'm talking about the old one. Because I don't have any traffic. The favorite of Saibwano is the chemical. It's called chemical. It's more like a city. It's more chill. So if I'm talking about Saibwano, what do you think about the language? What do you think about the downtown, the book, the beaches, the caves, the falls, the mountains? I think it's a lot of things here in Saibwano. It's a lot of things that I like about Saibwano. When it comes to city, of course, it's a city. It's very long. It's very long. It's like a party party. It's very long. And if you want to chill, if you're not going to be able to, the book is very long. If you're going to be able to, the restaurants, the restaurants, the restaurants, the flowers, the farms, if you're going to be able to, what do you think about it? It's like a city, it's a book, I really like the city of Saibwano. Because I don't know about Saibwano. I know about the city of Saibwano, because the restaurant is very good. But it's like a city of Saibwano. So what do you think about Saibwano? Saibwano is a visual of the greetings, right? Okay. Do you know the greetings? I don't know because I know about the city of Saibwano. But I know that the mountains are very good. On the days of dawn, it's good morning, right? When afternoon is happening, we should have good days, fast time. The wetest days. Well, the wetest day,比 it good, it doesn't spill. It says! The wetest day. The dirtiest day in the town. Married very nothing. Yes. I was like, I'm a little bit shy, right? I was like, I'm a little shy. So you're shy, I'm like, you're shy or shy? Yes, yes, yes, yes. You're shy. When you're shy, you're shy. Oh, in the morning, I'm shy and shy. I'm shy. I'm shy of the day. I'm shy because I'm shy. I'm shy. I'm shy. I'm shy. I'm shy because I'm shy. No, no. I'm shy. I'm shy. But I'm shy. I'm shy because I'm shy. I know you know me. I'm shy. I'm shy. You're shy because you don't speak it well. Yes. I'm shy. I'm shy. So shy. I'm shy shy. I'm shy shy. I'm shy. Yes. Yes. But you're shy, yes. You're shy. Yes? Yes. But you're shy. Yes. No, no. so I want to check English because I am an English speaker as student Yes then what is your name? One and only only one language you can read another language or language One and only language I know that I'm a doctor. The opposite of me is to eat. Ah, okay, I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. So, you eat a lot of content. You eat a lot of food. Yes, a lot of food. You eat a lot of food, right? Yes. You eat a lot of food. You eat a lot of food. You eat a lot of food. I don't know how to eat. You eat a lot of food. Oh, yes. You eat a lot of food. You eat a lot of food. If you only ate an indicator, you'll be able to eat it. To eat, I'll eat it. That's a little bit. When you said that I'm cooking vegetable, I want to eat vegetables in the food. That's the little bit. I'll try to cook vegetables in a side dish. That's a little bit. I want to eat vegetables in the food. So there, my husband然后, after work was there and he gave it to me, so from the time I came in, just a minute later I realized that I fail, I didn't come about with the last time. So I'll tell you, what shall I offer in the future? that will rupees be sensuous, that'll pass, to me. so I started answering my海岸 I don't have a lot of tutorials. I tried to do it a lot. I have a lot of time. But I have a lot of tutorials to do. Because I enjoyed my tutorial. It's like calling my tutorial. Because I've been doing it for so many years. I've been doing it for 80 years. I like to do it because it's a good way to do it. The passion that I have. I have a lot of time. And I have a high quality resources. I like it a lot. I don't have a lot of time. I have a lot of time. I don't have a lot of resources. I know that. I have a lot of resources online. But the thing I do on my business is to use my learners. Because when I have a lot of resources for my business, I have more time for resources for my business. But I also have a lot of time for my home. I have a lot of time for my business. I have a lot of time for my teacher. I have a lot of time for my teacher.