 Mahbhu hai, musikayo, it's super hot, my in it, namah in it talaga, malabinabhavisakoe. So, I'm gonna make this very short, I'm gonna watch a video with Gordon Ramsey. You know the super chef, the cook is unbelievable, I love him, kaso. I just saw a video that said, Gordon Ramsey doesn't like Filipino food. Huh? Shok na kohe, anapayan. Doesn't he really like Filipino food? I thought he liked it. Let's have a look, because I am really shocked if it doesn't like it. So the very first thing I see here is a picture of Gordon Ramsey and then it says, is this garbage and that looks like a polka dobo, no? Of course, a Filipino flag. So the question is, didn't he like the polka dobo or what happened here? Oh, that's from a GMA, that's good morning, America. That's on the ABC channel, it's a very famous program. It shows every morning in America and I love this. Whenever I'm in the States, I always watch GMA and actually you can find it on YouTube right now. So, Gordon Ramsey is a guest here, a battle of the cooks I think. That's why I wanted the most fiery celebrity chefs around, the man himself, Gordon Ramsey's here and he has a new cooking show called The F-word. And I take it F-made's food word. It's morning, he's here. F-for-food, of course, what else would it be, right? Come on. Here with our own battle of the burger. I'll battle off the burger. Okay, so this is live and time square. It's not exactly a new video, I think. It says, GMA's Battle of the Burgers. Chef Gordon Ramsey judges viewer recipes. So I'm guessing we're going to see two different chefs creating burgers and one of them will be Filipino burger. We're excited because we have some of our foodie viewers who are going to come out. They're going to be in our battle of the burgers. Okay. Which is kind of something that's similar to your new show. So, just about the show, what can we expect? Civil life, which is great news. Kevin Spacey is kicking off for the next Wednesday. Really? Kevin Spacey. Food and family. Coming into the restaurant. And for it. And yes. Okay. Look at that. Wow, did you see the transformation of Gordon Ramsey, huh? You can hardly even recognize him. And that job is to cook for the entire dining room. Okay. So, I love life. So they're cooking for an entire dining room for a whole bunch of people. Let's try to. All right. We're going to get you ready here a little. He's live. Yes. Come on, Jesse. Let's bring those contestants because I want to eat a burger. Okay. So. Here I'm representing our first contestant, 27-year-old from Washington, DC. Okay. Who does marketing by day and runs a catering company. Yes. Yes. Yes. Come on out. Yay. Jesse, what are you doing? And we're ready to throw down with him as a 25-year-old New Yorker who loves Italian and Filipino food. Oh. Should be in class 7 for the meal. Ladies and gentlemen. That's more. Okay. So this girl is the one who's going to make the Filipino food. So she loves Italian and Filipino food. That's going to be exciting, huh? Hey, I love Italian food as well, right? So mixing up the two could be pretty good, I guess. She says, should be in class 7 for the meal. Ladies and gentlemen, that's more. Oh, man. Oh. Yeah. Okay. Now you're going to tell us what your secret ingredient is and what makes your burgers so special. Okay. Thank you. All right. Here it first. All right. So here I have my double stacked bison in Sri Lanka. Wow. Why bison in a burger? Bison. Bison burger. I've actually had bison burger in Yellowstone. You know, the big park in America, the National Park. They actually look at bison stair and there's this museum. Well, it's not actually at Yellowstone. It's just a little bit outside of Yellowstone. There's this museum which is called a head-smashed-in buffalo jump. And that's where the black feed used to hunt for buffaloes or bison, as they call them. And at that place, you can actually eat burgers and food prepared with real bison meat. Just imagine that. And I have to say, this is, I'm sorry, I'm getting off the track right now. I have to say, except from Filipinos, there's another place I found extremely happy, friendly people and that is exactly near to Yellowstone with the black feed Indians. Their trip was so amazingly open, welcoming. They even invited me to go to the reservation for some kind of a, I don't know, party or something, whatever they had there. It was just amazing, but the bison meat is so much better than real beef. Okay, I'm sorry, I'm off track here, guys. I just had to tell you. Let me put in a clip from my Yellowstone trip a few years ago. I know the quality was not that good of the picture, but here goes a bison at Yellowstone. All right. This white bison in the burger. Bison because it's nice and lean and the secret ingredient is a tree soda. You don't need to lean in the burger. You want to get sure? Yeah. Wow, look at that. Special Ransausa has special sauce. Special Ransausa. Yeah, the paprika, the brown sugar. Nice. And it brings the saffron, then you top a little caramelized onion. Okay. What do you think of this? Yeah. Why double? Because you want to get far? It's a, it's a cookout. And then why the egg? The egg, it's nice and juicy. Yeah. That's true. That's true. I think. And it's a good job, but we got to go. Yeah, it's good. We got to go. He doesn't even get to say anything. He's the thing. This is a Filipino-inspired burger. Yeah. Okay, so now we're getting to the heart of the matter. The Filipino-inspired burger. Okay, this is going to be really, really interesting, guys. This is a Filipino-inspired burger. Yeah, so I have a Filipino-inspired pork adobo burger. The key here is to take the bacon and actually grind it into the patty. It's going to nice, juicy bacon flavor. And then of course you add the quintessential adobo flavors, which is vinegar, soy, and soy sauce, bay leaves, lots of garlic. Wow. Wow. Wow. It sounds so good already. Okay, so she's got pork adobo mixed with bacon. This is already some of my favorites, guys. So I think I would definitely like this. I hope, Gordon Ramsay, don't hate this burger. It's a Filipino burger. It tastes good for sure, right, guys? Hey, what is your favorite Filipino food? Just leave me a comment below, huh? Okay, I'll be ready to see what he thinks. Sauce, bay leaves, lots of garlic. Alright, Gordon, what do you say? I'm seasoned beautifully. I'm seasoned beautifully. I'm good. And I can go to season it. Richest as well. And the bun, that's a traditional Filipino. Oh, yeah, it is. It's called pandasol, yeah. Oh wow. Delicious. Well, you know what? It's kind of like coming down to a decision, Gordon. You have to make a decision. I mean... Whoa. So the burger bun is actually a pandasol and so far. I do see Gordon Ramsay being happy about this. He likes it. He said the seasoning is good. And hey, how can it not be good with all those ingredients in it? Okay, so the problem is now he's going to make a choice between these two burgers, the bison burger and the pork adobo with bacon burger. Which, ooh, I wish I could have one of these right now. Oh my god. It's kind of like coming down to a decision, Gordon. You have to make a decision. I mean, here's the thing. Two good burgers. Okay. Okay. I'm going to go with the Philippines. Yes. Woohoo. Yes, guys. I knew it. I knew it. Hey Gordon, thank you so much. I knew it. If you can't wait to watch the show, the episode is over. It's career will take May 31 on 5. Make you take it out. Why not go put in a man, Carlok or Gordon Ramsay hates Filipino food? So, he didn't eat it. It was just clickbaiting. What they, mmm, Anupayyan Anoyon, who would write something like that when it's not true? Okay. So Gordon Ramsay actually really likes Filipino food. And for the two burgers, he chose the Filipino one because of the flavor, because of the pandasal in the burger. And it tastes great, he said. Whoa, guys. I was really amazed at this because when I saw the text here, you know, of the video, right, it said there, does Gordon Ramsay really hate Filipino food, you know? So I was already thinking, oh my god, don't be another chef that doesn't like Filipino food. Like the Norwegian guy we saw about a month ago. But I had a feeling that it couldn't be true because Gordon Ramsay is not that kind of chef, you know? Yeah, he might get angry all the time. He might scream a lot, but it's not like he doesn't like food. If it's really properly done, properly seasoned, I think he would really like it. And we saw here with the burger. He liked it. Yes. One zero to the Philippines again, of course. That's so much great food in the Philippines, especially nowadays when you go out and you find restaurants there in the BTC, you find in case on CD, there's a lot even in Manila. Now we're getting so many new restaurants and the food tastes absolutely amazing. So yes, Gordon Ramsay, you love the Filipino food. We love you. Everybody, thank you so much for watching again. And don't forget to subscribe to my channel. If you liked the video, give it a thumbs up and don't forget to click the bell button and tell them, you guys. If you want other videos, would you like me to react to? Just leave me a comment below and I'll see you in the next video, guys. Bye bye.