 What's up guys, I'm Shemismith. Okay, today is this video. 10 rare animals only found in the Philippines. Animals in the Philippines? Well, I've never thought about it. Well, what do I think? The animals in the Philippines are like, dog, you know, looks like very thin, close to die, you know, searching for some foods throwing around some, you know, town, city. Yeah, that's all. I think that's because, you know, I usually go to the city only. So, yeah, there must be many kinds of animals in the Philippines. So, yeah, let's see what it's like. If you enjoy the content, give it a thumbs up. And consider subscribing for your future. So, let's get into it. Native to the Philippines. The Philippines is a beautiful, archipelago nation made up of 7,641 islands. It is known for its many beautiful beaches, delicious, rich, and exotic island tourist attractions. If you go to the islands, you will find no lack of fun and exciting things to do. It would take more than 20 years to spend just today on each of the islands, but you should make sure to carve out some time to see the amazing wildlife. The Philippines are home to a host of exotic and exciting species. There are 10 animals native to the Philippines. 10. Philippine flying lemur. Known locally as the Cognom, the Philippine flying lemur has a bit of a misleading name. It is technically not a species of lemur, and it actually can't fly. What's up with that? Well, you'll be relieved to know that this beautiful species can actually glide for distances as far as 100 meters. How does it do this? It has a foot long tail that is connected to its front legs with a skin membrane. The result is a monkey looking creature with big, bat-like wings. They also have clawed feet for fast climbing. As a nocturnal creature, it spends its days passing to the side of trees, sleeping and resting. But at night, they glide from tree to tree, eating fruits, insects, young leaves, and flowers. Because fruit is one of the major agricultural products of the Philippines, the locals actually considered this fruit eating lemur a past. But that doesn't keep us from considering it a beautiful Philippine species on our list. Yeah, yeah. I have never seen such a strange creature before. Is this creature like looks like squirrel, you know, monkey, you know, bad? It's kind of, you know, creature mixing those kind of animals. So, wow! And they eat fruits! Wow, what a rich animal! What a rich creature! Yeah, because fruits in the Philippines is very high quality and it derishes. So, yeah, they grow up very well, I think. And also, they look very cute. Yeah, very adorable. Can I catch it? I want it! Number 9, Philippine crocodile. Let's get a bit more dangerous. Hey, because I know that! It's a relatively small species of crocodile native to the Philippine islands. As a freshwater crocodile, they can be found in lakes, rivers, ponds, and especially marshlands. You can tell. Wow, you guys living dangerous place. Wow, so, are they exist in all lakes? Wow, if you sow, if sow, sow dangerous, man. Well, a young hatchling by its golden brown scales, but the species thick-scaleene armor gets darker and darker, the older it gets. Well, you don't want to get too close to its broad jaws. It's diet mostly consists of small mammals, birds, and lizards. But don't let that fool you. But don't let that fool you into thinking that they're harmless to humans. Oh, really? Despite a smaller breed of crocodile, they still usually grow 2 meters long. And the largest recorded Philippine crocodile was 3 meters or 9 feet long. I won't find meat here in the business end of those teeth. Unfortunately, because of this fact, humans have been known to hunt and kill Philippine crocodiles. No, it doesn't help that their skin and meat can be sold for profit. Currently, the Philippine crocodile is a protected species. Let's hope that their number jumps back up soon. Yeah, I hope so. This kind of rare creature is supposed to be catched by some hunters in the full money. Yeah, this happens all the time in every range of Pantou. We have many dying animals. So we have many animals that went to extinct already, or at the edge of extinction. So many animals. This is critical issue, isn't it? Number 8, Palawan Peacock Feson. Whoa, this is too good. This is too good. The Palawan Peacock Feson is known to be an elusive species of bird. But if you manage to catch a glimpse, you'll be rewarded with a great view of a beautiful shining coat of rich blue feathers. Wow. You'll know it by the distinctive crest atop its head, and the male's distinctive tail feathers. Yes, the Palawan Peacock Feson is named after the Peacock for a reason. Well, not as extravagant as the Peacock male's lavish tail feather display, when it fights off predators or tries to woo a mate, the Palawan Peacock Feson is capable of extending its tail feathers in a similar way. The plumage is covered in robin blue spots that resemble eyes and help to scare predators away. They also use this extravagant display in their mating rituals. The Palawan Peacock Feson is one of those rare species of animal that is truly monogamous, and both parents typically help to rear newly hatched chicks. Number 7. That's what it is. This kind of beautiful animal should be at the edge of extinction. It should be rare. I know Peacock, but this Peacock is something totally different, the original Philippines original Peacock. Now I want to go to Palawan in the mountain. Now I want to go to the adventure to see this kind of beautiful animals. Wow, this is another Philippines, another aspect. Number 7. Tamaraw. The Tamaraw is native to Mendoro. One of the largest islands in the Philippines, and so almost generally called the Vendoro Dwarf Buffalo. And his name is right on the money. The Tamaraw looks like, well, a Dwarf Buffalo. They are small and stocky, a gray black color with a stout pair of straight backward pointing horns. Even though they're small for a buffalo, they still weigh a stout 200 to 300 kilos. Do you want to catch a glimpse of wild tamaraw eating bamboo shoots and grass and forests and grasslands? Unfortunately, that's getting harder and harder to do. A count in 2016 plays the wild Tamaraw count at only 430, placing it on the crucially endangered species list. They continue to be hunted by poachers for spawning at me. And human population growth is relentlessly threatening their habitat. Luckily, the most recent count places their numbers at 466 to 494. Let's hope that upward trend continues. Number 6. Dina got bushy tailed cloud rat. You might not think of a species called a cloud rat as an exciting species of wild life to seek out. But in many ways, the Dina got bushy tailed cloud rat is the holy grail of Philippine wildlife. It is the rarest of eight species of Philippine cloud rats, all of which are either threatened or endangered. It made its first appearance only in the 1970s and wasn't seen again until 20 miles. That's a rare decade. Between sightings, it's no wonder that many conservationists thought the species was extinct. They are a tree dwelling species of rodent that feeds on leaves, and they can grow up to 2.5 feet long. Because of the uniqueness of this critically endangered species, it is the mascot of the Philippine biodiversity conservation foundation. But studies of the species remain limited due to how difficult they are to find. All I can say is if you're lucky enough to encounter one of these rare creatures doing your trips to the Philippines, count yourself lucky. Let's see. Wow, this is so rare animals. I guess people are eager to catch this animal. This kind of very long name animal. Oh my god, it's so tired of you know, calling this name. If I take this animal to the Pokemon as an example, this is you know Mew. You know, sorry, in my age, in my generation Mew is the rarest Pokemon. And you need a mass of all to catch this animal, you know. Number 5, Busan. Warty Pig. Alright, back to the animals, this is another extremely rare species of animals driven from their homes by deforestation. Oh, it doesn't look like a rare animal though. In the 1970s and 80s, today only around 300 of them live in captivity. They were named for the quote-unquote warrants on their faces, but Mohawk Pig might have been just as appropriate for a name. They can be recognized by the distinctive tuft of hair atop their heads. And that has been described as very Mohawk-like. Will they ever not have this floppy name is grown by males every year to help them attract mates. But you'll also want to keep an eye on the sharp tusks that extend out from their faces. Yes, those can be quite dangerous, but that doesn't mean that their species deserves to be completely eradicated. Despite strict government poaching policies, they continue to be poached for their meat, which is considered a delicacy by some. Thankfully, the species is breeding well in captivity, and efforts have already begun to reintroduce them into the wild. Number 4, Philippine Moose Deer. What would you get if you took a tiny little field mouse and mixed it with a graceful deer? Why the Philippine Moose Deer? A horse! Okay, this species isn't actually a moose deer hybrid, but judging by looks alone, it might as well be. Only growing to 18 centimeters at the shoulders, they are hard to spot in their natural habitat, hiding amid thick vegetation. And maybe a dog managed to find one, so you'll only get the briefest of glimpses before it tipped toes away on its dainty little legs. Like many of the other species on the list, the Philippine Moose Deer has suffered a blow to its population from loss of habitat and hunting. Like the wordy pig mentioned in just before. It's been considered a delicacy. Don't eat this kind of rare animal. This deer is so adorable. I want it as well. It's a bit of shame that it's really hard to find it, so it's really rare animal, right? Number 3, Well Shark. Oh, Well Shark's live in far more places. So, I thought this exists in the Japan as well, but so technically speaking, this species is from Philippines. Well, this is good to know. This is the waters of the Philippines, after all, the ocean is a big place. But since thousands of them migrate to the Philippine, Elasmobranch Mecca from December to May, they deserve a spot on this list. Sometimes reaching lengths of up to 40 feet, well sharks are the largest species of shark in the world. So large in fact, that they have often been mistaken for whales. Yes, they name. But don't worry, they aren't after humans. They swim around close to the surface to catch tiny food sources in the water like plankton. Do a YouTube search and you'll find plenty of videos of scuba divers safely swimming around massive whale sharks. So great. And they meander around them in the deep glory. In the Philippines, the prime time to spot a whale shark is from February to April. And so if you are more of a beach and ocean type of person than a jungle lover, may you enjoy one of several tourist attractions in the Philippines devoted to swimming with whale sharks. Number two, Philippine Tarsier. Wow, a cute, handsome shark. You've seen one of these small primates pop up on YouTube before. Their distinctive appearance gives the Philippine Tarsier plenty of airtime on wildlife programs like our own. With their long spindly fingers, compact appearance and absolutely massive eyes, there really isn't anything that looks quite like the Tarsier. In my opinion, it constantly looks like it's just seen the most shocking thing it could have possibly imagined. It is one of the world's smallest primates and everything about it is built for nocturnal life. One of the first things that you probably notice about this small creature, the first time that you saw it, is its massive eyes. Well, these are perfect for seeing it night. Likewise, its large conical ears are very sensitive, capturing and amplifying sounds very effectively so that the Tarsier can use its hearing as a tool to navigate dark jungle nights. You might know that Tarsiers can be purchased as pets through some exotic fenders, but you might want to think twice before buying one, right? These animals cope terribly with captivity and often don't survive the ordeal. They are better off left to the wild jungles that they love. Oh, I didn't know they are so wild. I thought some rich people have one, but wow. Sometimes they get really crazy. Wow, let's do a note. Before we reveal our favorite animal native to the Philippines, thank you so much for watching. And while you're thinking about it, why don't you go ahead and share this video with your friends. If you liked it, I'm sure they will too. Tarsier is a famous in Japan as well, but you didn't know that Tarsiers from the Philippines. Well, that's a new knowledge. Number one, Philippine Eagle. Once known as the Monkey Eagle. Very cool. The Philippine Eagle is a powerful bird. In fact, it is one of the largest and strongest species of eagle on the entire planet. On top of its impressive size, the Philippine Eagle has an impressive long arched beak and distinctively majestic long ground feathers. Move aside, bald eagle. Here's a bird that managed to keep its hair and it looks truly regal. In keeping with its reputation for strength and superiority, the Philippine Eagle also eats lemurs, snakes, and bats. But the best thing about the Philippine Eagle is its success story. Not too long ago, there were only a few of these birds left. What's scary? They were on the verge of extinction. But thanks to the Philippine Eagle Center, their numbers have sprung back from the brain again. They've been saved from extinction for now. Hey! Oh, good work! Oh, Eagle, Philippine Eagle Center, good work. Wow, well done. Well, that was a great video. Yeah. I mean, some were early in Utah, but some were really famous in Japan, actually. So, yeah, that was quite surprising. You know, Tersia or, you know, whale shanks were from Philippine. Yeah, I think most of the Japanese didn't know this pack. So, yeah. That was quite surprising. Well, you guys have fantastic animals, right? But this kind of rare animal is tend to be distinct. So, you know, people are hunting, people are catching, for money. I hope this kind of issue is solved in the future. And we can protect this kind of rare animal. Okay, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. Hope you like it. If you do, make sure to like, button, and subscribe, please. So, mata wo se. Bye.