 But you're Friday. The freshest. Okay, really exciting. This has been going super viral, cross-platform. It even got featured in the news in the Philippines. And this is like one in a million chance. Okay? One shopper, one shop worker in the mall. They're just, you know, belting out the prayer. They didn't plan this, no rehearsals, they just kind of arryoke it in the mall. You know? No! The Philippines. That's really explanation. Anyways, I think you're going to like... No, they don't know each other. They're even standing away from each other. They're not in the same group of people. Like, the same thing. Yeah, look. I think this is self-explanatory. Just come ahead. Go ahead. What are the chances of someone else doing prayer? No. Well, I guess... Oh! And there's like a guy he's like fiddling with the stuff going here. So, it's a sebu. Maybe a sebu, yeah. You go, Gar. Yeah, wow. Who's doing that? Who's... Oh, they guys didn't like what they did. They're the worker. You're man. Pulled up and singing in flu in Italy. Yeah, you're right. You know? What? This really has no explanation, even, man. Continue? Yeah. I don't know what to say, man. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. You know? What? This really has no explanation, even, man. Continue? Yeah. I don't know what to say, man. Turn up. Oh, my God. You're the same as mine. Oh, my God. I was fine. You're the same as mine. You're the same as mine. To those people, I like pace thousands of plants here in England for lessons. And they're probably likely, likely, they're never going to sound like that. That is correct. Oh, my God. They hear it. I was thinking in cash. Just checking, checking, checking, all these bank accounts over here. Just... They just say, I don't understand. Okay. They just say, you should find she bought crap out. Okay. No, it's in this song. This song is really like... Yeah, man. I think a lot of people like... Maybe in the channel they sort of saw like Marcelitos thing, you know, the Olegara sort of... The Condes and they were like, wow, what the fuck? The song is insane, right? And then you see that type of style, right? I know he was just performing in Canada. And then you get like... This type of song is like a song when you do it individually or do it. Because you learn each specific section and you hopefully come together. You have a duet with someone vocally capable of doing what? And they are what celly. And... Selen. Selen did. And... Again, it's one of these songs that is like... It requires like a lifetime of like... Of work. To be able to execute to the sort of level. It's actually quite impressive because think about it from like a technical perspective. Bro, get a karaoke machine. Don't get a coach. Yeah, you don't need a coach. I'm serious. I'm thinking anyone does. I agree though. Generally, I think at specific levels you might do. Like to work on things like, you know, how to do with the exhaustion. You have to build a routine. And this is not, you know... How to build discipline, I think yes. Yeah, but you don't need like four hours a week of coaching. It's like, piss off. Get a karaoke machine. Sing, bro. I don't know if you're gonna record yourself. And then put that shit out there. People would be harsh enough judges anyways. I think you become a harsh judge yourself too. Anyways, that the point is though. The point is, this guy has an incredibly immaculate take on this. Yeah. Because even his breath control, it's pretty accurate. The freaking idea obviously he has. I would lean towards the... I don't know. What is that called? Um... Como se diese? Ten. No. What? Assumption. I would lean towards the assumption that this is his natural timber. I want to see him speak. Me too. Maybe he speaks the girl of like this. I think so. Salamat po. Because he kind of like, if you look at the way that he's standing. You're getting salted by him. That's rough. Oh, bro. Boota in a mo. Eppro! You know what I mean? You didn't really like that. But yeah, if you see his posture and even the way that he is exerted an effort, it's quite natural looking. It's not something that it's like, except for like the high race of the shoulders, like a little bit of pressure and tension here. It's quite a natural approach. I would lean towards the idea that this might be his natural resonance, which, you know, I could be completely stepped in the face and told otherwise, because it's the Philippines. And everything I know is alive. Yeah, man. You know? Proceed, proceed, proceed. Yeah, yeah. Pretty cool though. I love that she was singing in the bottom low part of a ring. Yeah, yeah. She's cool. She's really good too. I love that she was singing in the bottom low part of a ring. I love that she was singing in the bottom low part of a ring. Yeah, yeah. I love that she was singing in the bottom low part of a ring. Yeah, yeah. I love that she was singing in the bottom low part of a ring. I love that she was singing in the bottom low part of a ring. I love that she was singing in the bottom low part of a ring. I love that she was singing in the bottom low part of a ring. Just like her child Wow! I think she's a little bit too young today. Double one, you girl. Point of cont 40 In per second We've got our FFromustomed with Yeah, I look at all those people. Yeah, those are show. I'm a bad boy. I'm a bad boy. I'm a bad boy. I'm a bad boy. I mean, you're a bad boy. What the fuck? Well, again, the studio. Make a fucking actual cover of that. I sell it. I will. I told you I'm lost for words. She was fantastic. I made a get in control, and the chances. The chances of this even working out for any other song. Also, she's a little pocket rocket woman. She is. And she has like a good grasp and understanding of like when... Dynamics. Yeah, because that's fucking up. It's also more and more apparent obviously that the physics is going to happen anywhere in the world. It's obviously going to probably happen first in the Philippines. Um, that, you know, so it's kind of like, you know, the shock factor is always there, but it's also like What the fuck is next? Like what? You just want to get some random woman that's gonna, I don't know But also random guy that she's gonna sing like power up your love for certain and he's gonna be like the exact exact replica power up. He's just out here. I don't know doing He's just a butcher. He's just cutting some onion actually butchers don't cut vegetables, isn't it? I don't think so. You're supposed to have it. Yeah, that's correct. Listen, I think that's rather impressive I understand why the animosity behind this, but I also feel like it's definitely worth the high What are the names? What are the names? Was they phone number? I'm missing listen, this is incredible and if you have any more of this Once in a lifetime Star-solining performances that you like us to check out please keep sending them to me This is ten out of ten entertainment. I kind of wish I was there to witness it life. I'm gonna throw a mad dice I If anyone was there Let me know down in the comments. I will ask for proof I will ask for proof