 Hey guys, it's Jessica here and today we're going to have our Nutre Boenah dinner with my Korean guest Mmm! It's really good, right? Hey, they have a basic inside So good, I don't buy it yet For the whole month, I get to be a starlight We will hear the BAP BAP It's just a rina HA HA HA So we have our special Korean guest Could you introduce yourselves? Really quick They still need that I know, I know, but just for the formality Just for the formality Ah, guys, I don't want someone talking We'll hop, but here is your Korean best friend again You know they sing our content creator Hi guys I'm gonna say hi everyone Hi to Jessica's fans and subscribers This is Kristi Cho, Aikikus Di Pata I'm not sure if they know me But I'm a Korean girl in the Philippines I just prepared a simple meal But the only thing that I actually prepared and brought is these two Lash bag But I want to prank them that I didn't cook this Guys, I just ordered them So they can give on this comment It looks like it Sigar So yeah, because I didn't have much time to prepare the other stuff So it's... I only burned the tip It's the Gupiang Shanghai vibe It's giving Yeah, it's giving the Gupiang vibe to all I know Pink Sun Mole Let's eat Luna Okay, I'm gonna get... No, no, we shall give our O-puffer Okay, our senior Our O-puffer I just got it, you just served it I'm eating it, manito I will give you Thank you so much to the dongsaeng Is this enough for you? Okay, for now I love this You love menudo Menudo, love it I already from a special place, so try it You have to give your whole review, okay You know, I'm a food lover I didn't put serving spoon because we're Korean Yeah, that's what I was thinking Yeah, it's unmanorful if I just eat ice spoon No need, no need You guys are not LC, did you? I'm not Are you LC? What's an LC? The Gen-V Gen-ho Finally, it doesn't know something What? She finally knows something That's LC Now we are in just... Oh, I want to... I'm proud I'm proud I'm okay I'm proud of you I just want to... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, my features I love how you just put salad and lechabang along with menudo This kessa de bola Yeah How good When Kristi first sat here, she said How come this is big plum Hey, they have racies inside Yeah, but menudo... Oh, you like menudo with racies? No, it's my first time with racies What? Not bad, menudo always has racies No In Pampanka, there was no racies I didn't know that menudo has racies But it's good with racies Because I like racians, you know Oh, yeah So many people hate it, right? Yeah, they all hate it When I was putting their alike You made this? Yeah That's good But this is from a package brand, it's frozen You thought you'd hold it, but I'm sorry How's the menudo? It's so good It's a win I don't like it I don't like it What do you think? Ah, you cooked that thing just... Yeah! Okay I was waiting for you guys to say the meat is too tough No, it's good No, it's not I love it Oh, it's not It's really good It's good That's why there's so much vegetable Yeah That's why you were saying the late racians when you put them in Oh Oh, my god, yeah You're actually saying that She's so smart But no, I'm stupid, but I just knew now No, you're smart We both didn't get it One point Yeah, so I cooked this menudo And then supposedly they put liver down The way I took it off I don't like liver, I'm on That's why Yeah, that's why I didn't put the liver in Because if I were to cook menudo This is how I would cook More vegetables and no liver Sana, you guys couldn't taste it too Is it really good? So it was a success, guys My menudo was a success Is it your first time making? Yeah, first time But it's super-sumptious I've placed it from babanga Asakababanga, that's the best compliment Yeah, that's the best compliment I'm just gonna message me Oh, prepare food for you guys So don't bring anything I was like I'm done I'm done Ah, ah, ah It's really hard to eat I'm so sorry I'm so hungry Me too, me too, that's why It's really, I really made all of these thinking about you guys I love it Muko salad, I also made also Seriously And then I made it a bit less sweet It was supposed to be pink It just became a bit pink Because you And that's why I put the red one Yeah And then this lettuce blend amount I went to this like, lettuce blend place Really famous The texture It's but I'm sacked too There's like a pudding-like texture But then at the same time It's very Very compact as well I mean, a Jessica's level I was expecting like It's okay, we appreciate your home cook Thank you so much This is going to be so good Ah, the love of Ula I was never in kimchi as well But I thought I threw that It's okay And loom bia is a sign of Handaanda guys, right? Do you remember your first ever Makris Mas experience here in the Philippines? Yeah, yeah, yeah Of course, my first experience may be different from your Because that's 2009 Yeah, yours might be more OG Mine is like Wow, there's like fire crackers everywhere I thought there was a war Yeah And I wasn't living in like a private city in Stom As in Tala Gangkali So we would hear like And you know, having that pre-notion That Philippines won Of the possible dangerous countries I was like, mom, what's happening? Yeah, how is that? How is that? I'm in Mapi Shau Yeah, I was like It was the fire crackers were allowed Now it's like Yeah, yeah And I think it's right After every Christmas I see all these news about how children lose their hand And like, fingers and eyes I'm like Really? And that's your holiday spirit Losing eyes and fingers Like, no, no Things I'm like, happy birthday, Jesus, and done And children singing Oh my god They would knock on our freaking door Knowing that we're Koreans All day They think we have more, you know More money We are too much Yeah Guys, I'm not like here too Discrimination, baby But I'm telling you my real experience And Christmas is one of those holidays Where I wish that was a Philippine And I'm sure Christy or some other Koreans could relate But when Filipinos ask Koreans Like, how do you spend your Christmas in Korea? You don't Like, you're either with your lover Yeah Or you're at your church That's it It's me Christmas is fun It's like Valentine's Day Yeah, yeah So when I first came here My parents were both working You know, they had a restaurant And like a lot of family business Here in the Philippines Yeah, yeah, yeah So doing holidays They would be this year So she would just give us like a 500 test So me and my brother And it would like And then I would always end up At my close Filipino friend's house And that's where I got really sad Like a Christmas spirit Like seeing their family How Filipinos enjoy Christmas Together they have Titas Titos They're like playing Manito Bonita They're like pranking each other They're exchanging gifts They're playing Tongue It And here I am, I'm just like I'm tired And then I come I know that, I know this I know this And it's not wrong I just experienced this like last last year Exactly And when I come home I just feel so hollow My mom comes home 1 a.m. And that's already end of Christmas Now that's already December 26 And she's just like Did you eat? I'm like Yeah And there's something inside me That's like I will cry Yeah And that's the warmth That's when I first experienced Spirit of Christmas In the Philippines, aboes The Filipinos And that's the biggest thing How do you just have to say that you're fine And you're not really fine Honestly, I always been in the church Oh yeah Because you guys have a Christmas It's Christmas Even the church Christmas in the church So you're Christmas in the church So you just sing bangga be? No, no, sing bangga be is not for Oh I'm a boy that can do Were you guys also like We would go caroling We would go caroling Korean houses And they would go make stuff But with our church is We give that to the community Charity So me eyes is like Oh And then the food will go to the first Exactly I just finished five hours And now the T.F But you know About what Gino said a while ago About the emptiness In the heart In the experience I also get that a lot That's why I told my sister once before that You know when I get married Even though he's a Korean guy Or I don't know if Filipino guy I really want to make it a tradition To spend Christmas with a family Like okay you can spend with your lover Just like the way they do it in Philippines I don't know it looks so warm They're exchanging gifts Like imagine all the grandmas The grandchildren they'll be there And then we're gonna eat like a lot of food It's just my dream When I first came to the Philippines Like my first Christmas was 2009 obviously I was not really living here by then I was like Korean kids in the academy right So my English teacher Nons she invited me to her Christmas party So it's like a super local Christmas party Like really in a local, a local house barangay Like all the kids just gathered together And then my English teacher was a type She really prepares not only for her family But really for the whole barangay kids So she like adds twists So games and like she really makes a lot of food So that everyone can just come in and just enjoy So that thing right As a kid Like I thought it was like easy to do Because it's I was a kid Yeah, yeah, you think it's just money right But thinking about it now though It's actually not easy for her to do that I was my first ever Christmas And it was so nice That for the whole month It's fiesta life Yeah Like whole month you can just play So I was just like Is this a dream? Because in Korea we don't have that many holiday Even if we have It's just like A lot of children, that's it A lot of children But then it's like more formal Korea has a lot of rituals and Yeah exactly Yeah Confucian is country Yeah so We have to take it seriously My wife, Tomawa Unlike here, you're like Everyone's laughing here Yeah, they're all like that Okay time for another dessert What's inside here? I see Buco So this is really a staple menu, Tala Coriander Ramsey How's the Buco? Did you put yogurt inside? No No, it's all taste like yogurt Yeah, and I like yogurt Mmm Do you have any sour taste? Me? This? Is it salty? Oh, it's sour taste Yeah, when it's sour taste I think it's because of the cow Okay I have psychonventia, I think Hahaha So Gordon Ramsey, I just found Very very dangerous coconut Coconut This is so sour Yeah coconut Yeah but it's very crisp Ah coconut You can give it some scottar Tanggali mo yong me noo They're so good, because either it Maybe it's just sour in it Don't you want? It's not sweet, I like it You like it? If it's too sweet We Koreans have a hard time Okay, very good So I really got to match it to the Koreans Palette Except this specific Let's play Donkey Do you think it's a lot or do you think it's a lot? Do you think it's a lot? Do you think it's a lot? You should taste the taste of the coconut I have a reason to vlog that I had it near the forest It's the best way to do it Hahaha Let's give it a receiving gift Receiving for Giving Giving To make it taste like a pear I don't care I deserve Christmas day or Christmas Eve Christmas days Doesn't matter, I'm still single Both days This is the life I'm single On the Christmas day, I'm still single Well, Jinno's yours Still thinking in a very Korean way Because when you say that That's very Korean You know what, I just realized I'm living here to fight guys Guys, I'm just joking Don't take my words too seriously Where are your hairy arms and my chin? What's my hairy chin? Just because I don't want to get cast Christmas late, staying in or staying out Stay in What do you like to go out? Because in my house there's no Christmas period So I have to go out and like Grab the spirits and come back home But wherever my loved ones are, that's where Christmas is What? What? I'm super eye So I have to stay inside If I can If you can stay with your lover or family, that's okay Oh I know I don't have a jaw So I can't get a jaw I can't get a jaw So if she stays home Can I ask the question? Do I have a jaw? Twist? My question No, okay, ask the question When was the last time You had a jaw Five years ago Honestly, five years Five years ago And I've been just cheated too much time Oh my god, same We did my work You have a recent deal Four years ago How about you, Jeff? You never talk about your Your two-core relationship I'm single I'm single Look, it's hard to say By the time it was a relationship But then like after, it also ended really bad So I don't want to consider that as a relationship What would you still have to Okay, so did you guys eat now? Everything Was good Hey, what the hell do you eat these? Is everything good? So yeah, so this one is just for that coke Really? Without this, it doesn't give any Christmas vibes So that's why Yeah, yeah, yeah So it was thank you for doing the three jobs of raw Now, the real Christmas begins with games So we're gonna be playing games Are you guys ready? Yeah, helpful So yeah, we're gonna now Go play the full-of-eat-one games Hey, let's go Where's your phone? Just in the middle Shush, shush, shush Our favorite You know what we do I'm just gonna Hey, we never forget Oh, shush What? What's with the game? What? Me What? She's out I'm gonna play the full-of-eat-one game What's with the game? What's with the game? What's with the game? What's with the game?