 But you're Friday. Differishes. You know, there are a couple of things that I guarantee in life if the right elements are in place. So if there's food, alcohol, and you're in the Philippines, the material singers will be summoned and they will appear and they will sing because that's what they do. I present to you. Bakau Ilao Samai Bintana. See, look. It's like a Yugi-yo card. The mother guys think, boom. What do you need? You need, you know, maybe, what are they having? Maybe a bit of chicken, you know, maybe they had some soup and then 1031. Wait, wait, wait. The magical time when angels come to earth and they sing. That's 1111. Yeah, yes, I think. Okay. Sorry, where's the music coming from? Oh, one guitar. I'll tell you, it's a Yugi-yo card, bro. I need it, it's cleansing because fuck me. 31st of Halloween is done, right? Like the day of the dead? Yeah. I want to be alive. Look at that posture. The guy's here. The guy's crazy. The guy's crazy. The guy's here. The guy's here. The guy's here. The guy's here. The guy's here. The guy's here. The guy's here. The guy's here. He's here. This guy's here. And the bomb, right? He's fucking out of the.. No, maybe the fighting is taxes as well. You know what I mean? I mean, he's like, yeah, I'm gonna call. Oh, two blows, two, yeah. The guy in yellow is having a main character moment. Yeah, the guy in yellow. He is in a Disney movie right now. He's having a main character moment there. He's so strong. Oh, so it's quite common for him to bring iPads. I think you read a lot of the music sheets of the iPads. Oh, here we go. Ladies, I've been summoned. The kids are so pretty though. You see a kid in the back, yeah? He's just turning to jelly. That's the effect of those voices. That's what you wish. You would have had like, you know, my mom consing for shit. So she would have brought a lot of money. This is what I thought I was gonna get. But I didn't. So you had the opposite effect, you know. I wouldn't go like jelly. I was just turning more stiff like this. How do I tell these women? Please, woman. I love you. We have my heart. But why don't you sound like this? You know, why don't you, man? Why don't you? I only joke. I love my mother, yeah. Our mother. It's just in Spanish you say me. Yeah, you say mine. But we come from the same family. Came from the same woman. Jesus. Oh, man, I say, Jesus. Jesus. Oh, man, I say, Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Oh, man, I say, Jesus. Jesus. Because it's also like, look, he says, I don't know what he says there. But he says, or whatever you do, do all for the glory of God. So maybe it's like a church or something. It doesn't look like a church. Maybe it's just, I don't know. But that will be like this. I do know. Do you know back home, there was these restaurants that they would have like murals for. A question restaurants. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, there's so popular in South America. Yeah. I don't know if it's the same in the Philippines. I don't, I think I would, I don't know if it's the same in the Philippines. I would presume. But I think the main religion in the Philippines, probably like Catholicism, my presumed religion. I think, yeah, I think there's a big Catholic population. I also think there's a, there's a, it's a, it's a Christian, it's a Christian, it's a Christian, I think there's also a, I think we've, we've asked that before Catholic. Yeah. It says Christianity is the vast majority, it is the majority faith in the Philippines, making up approximately 90% of the populations. It's kind of similar to how Latin American households that I would presume they are. There's lots of dairy, I don't know if it's called dairy, but there's lots of like different branches of Christianity. But so, you know, like back home, you would, like we grew up in a Catholic high school and all that stuff, a secondary school of your forbidden. But there were lots of other friends of us that used to go to like the Catholic, same, same school as us. But they were like evangelical Christians or they were like, there was, there was a bunch of other branches. They all did just stuff differently in the way, even the way they would look at the congregation and like the mass and stuff like that. And music seemed to be a bigger deal in some branches more than others. Like in Catholicism, the Catholic church, you obviously have the choir, which is a bit similar to this. Yeah, the Roman Catholic, Roman Catholic church. But in other churches, perhaps that are a bit more modern in their approach to things, they have more bands and they have more like alternative influences. Even Jellic, the evangelical Christians here. No, they're the ones I can always remember because my father had a genomic office and in some of the bottom floors, they would hire our events, spaces and stuff. And there was this evangelical Christian church or event thing. They would always have fucking some music and stuff and they would be braving essentially. They would do it. In the glory of God. Yeah, yeah, they would do it for quite a long time. Obviously not to enough is ours because what the fuck. But they would hire those events, those places. And then we would remember like, you know, say my father was working in the weekends. We would all see them doing their thing. But it was never like this. Like this is so unique. I guess this would be more Roman Catholic in the approach of choir like. Yeah, yeah. So I don't know, I don't know what sort of religion, what branch they may be with, but I would presume they're Christian. Well, we have seen them perform. I'm sure I've seen before. No Roman Catholic hymns before, like, and songs from the Bible. So I would think maybe perhaps that's where you deviate. Yeah, yeah. You know. Oh, yeah, that is good. Oh, yeah, that is good. Oh, my God. Oh, Jesus. Oh, my God. I love that song. Covaging. Covaging. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Of course. A weather, therefore we eat. Covaging. That's awesome. Oh, God. Oh, God. Awesome. And I would be, what a song. What a song that is. Oh, my God. That might be the best take of that song ever in my life. Generally because they did three songs. There were different songs. I've never heard Bakai Kau by the company. The company is very good. Obviously we've heard Arawa Gabi. He says he is sung by Ryan Kaye Biap, so maybe he was the writer. Yeah, bro. I had no idea who wrote that song actually. I obviously just know Regina's famous wish bus performance. He's a good guy. I don't know if... I just presume, because of Oggy, and he's right, so well in composer. I just presume that whatever Regina does, Oggy, you know what I mean? Because he's such an unfair matchup of just humans being together and doing music. Aliens came together. Yeah, it's like, dude, let some of us eat. LAUGHTER But yeah, that's the magical thing is for you. I don't know. Look, we could get really technical. Maybe you want us to. I have no idea. But sometimes it's just fun to just kind of enjoy the experience. Again, I... We're huge admirers of this guy, and I don't think they need any admirers, because they're arguably some of the best quiet in the world, if not the best. He gets, you know, confusing when you're that good, because neither do they carry their best. Yeah. You know, they just sing, because music is what's in their heart, and they obviously have found a much more meaningful connection to just... The technical aspect of singing. And the me, physical experience of the music industry. Yeah. They have found, you know, a deeper connection. Obviously, they have to eat and make money and stuff. So that's a fucking plus. But... But you could see, like, even the dispossession... Which is much more than music, too. It is. It's such... Given the environments, like, the situation in which they have chosen to do this, they do this so often. Also, because they do this. Obviously, I take the piss, right? But I will do it with good intentions. They do it when they eat and stuff, right? Right after. So maybe the way they do it is as a form of... I don't know if it's back in the day. This is also how you would show your thanks. But maybe they do it in that manner. It seems like a, like, in a grateful manner that we've had... We have our bellies for... We're in company with those we like and love. Yes. But best way... And use thesis in theatre, you know, because that's why in theatre, in moments of maximal expression of emotion, people sing. You see, it's a theatrics of it. I guess for them, they're so happy, joyful, when they can't find their way to express that any other human way than to sing, than through music. So maybe it's like that. That's why when they sing, they always do it after a full belly, because they're so happy. Yeah, it would make sense. Damn. Yeah, I just thought about it now. It's very profound, actually. Very, very profound. Tell you, you have to show these people to the aliens when they come. And we're getting closer, because they're more UFOs all the time. I follow this. I'm a little joker, I don't follow it. But I hear about it on the news and stuff. No, I don't. I hear about it on the Jororgan podcast, okay? And he keeps ringing people on to have C-U-F-O-S. So fucking hell, this is like that ECMil podcast. So maybe... Maybe when the UFOs are here, then we just laugh. Okay, okay, wait, wait, wait, wait. Titu, titu, titu. Madrigal, please, please. We'll give you all the food you want. Just please show them what you have. Make them feel something, because they will feel. They will feel. They will feel.