 Good morning guys, welcome back to another video. That is actually very, very hot. Today we are doing something very exciting. As we have said something we are looking forward to. You're not going to see this video. The day it was filmed we've got a few things that we need to finalize first before posting, but we are very, very excited. We are heading to what would be maybe the real manila, the old manila. We're going to see a bit of the history of manila. We are heading to intramurus and we're going to see a few museums along the way. If we have time we might even get to see the old china sound. It's a full tour today and we are very, very excited to be doing this. The tour is in collaboration with CVMMX Experiences. We're really looking forward to it because it's something that you wouldn't expect to come to Manila, aka, you know, a big city and find so much history. It's completely different to what we would have expected to do here, isn't it? You get to get a sense of what Manila was like maybe a long, long time ago, which is really cool. I think it's really cool. With the Spanish conor colonization. That means we're going to see completely different architect, completely different buildings. I just think we're going to learn so much today. Definitely. Again, CVMMX Travel makes sure we check them out. The link is in the description. They do lots of tours throughout Manila and the rest of the Philippines and we're very excited to be working with them. But this hair needs sorting out. It's coffee needs drinking. I need to get ready. We're not sure exactly what to expect of the tour today. So we'll be bringing you guys along with us. So as we learn, so will you. We need to pop down and get some snacks really quickly and then we're going to get picked up. We have made it to Intra Miros. The van picked us up from outside our hotel in Macati or apartment in Macati. I'm currently standing in Casa Manila. Look at the cobbles. It's unreal. So basically it translates to Spanish Manila and Intra Miros translates to the city of walls. We're just going to have a look through Casa Manila now. I love this. I can't believe that this is in the middle of Manila. It's madness. And this place is crazy. It's like a blast from the past. It literally looks like an old castle. But this is where we're going to get the ban bikes and we're going to ride them all around Intra Miros. Filming could be a little bit of a situation right now. A couple of guards have come up to us and they've asked us if we have a permit for the camera. So I'm going to see what I can do and film as much as I can if not we're going to have to film on the phone. We are just getting to sign up. No, we're just filling in the film and then I think we can pick out a ban bike and get going. I think I'm going to take the mic off this and probably the gorilla pod so I look a little bit more to screw. A little bit more like a tourist. I'm actually filming for anything. So we're picking the bike now. What one you're going for? I'm going to put this one on. I want to put this basket on. Oh yeah, we got a nice big basket on the front of the bike. Thank you guys. Try this one out of the round. Good, Molly, have a go. Can you still ride a bike? I don't know. So I have got my bike. We are ready to explore. I don't know how much we're going to be able to film because again they have said I've technically gorilla pod off. But Molly, is that a little practice? She's managed to ride it. She's actually bumped into a subscriber here which is pretty cool. But I think this is about two and a half hours cycling around Intramurus. We're going to stop off. We've got our tour guide now. So I'm going to show us all the famous spots. And we have got really lucky today. The sun is shining so much for rainy season. I haven't got any sun cream on though so I think we're both going to burn a lot today. But how nice is this? All the little tunnels in that is literally like a little castle. I don't even want to leave this bit yet and we haven't even started the tour. May I know who are not comfortable in biking around the streets with Bihikos and the Desriens? Molly. Oh good. I don't have a great bike ride there. I can't lie. First I'll give you some brief introduction about Intramurus. Is this your first time here today? Yep. But this place, the Platsus and Louis, was only built in 1981. And we are off. You can see already the walls are everywhere. The architecture here is crazy. It's literally like a blast from the past. I think I said it started around the 1500s when the Spanish colonized and stayed here for almost 300 years. So we're going to stop off. And we're going to stop off. We can see already the walls are everywhere. The architecture here is crazy. It's literally like a blast from the past. The first stop on the tour was here next to this cannon. It was actually put here in 1940s after the bombing of this area. And it was put as an anti-aircraft cannon. And it is apparently still loaded today. And finally enough is actually now pointed at the US Embassy. But the US Embassy was put there afterwards. It's actually a very famous city. It's a very famous city. It's a very famous city. It's a very famous city. At the US Embassy, but the US Embassy was put there afterwards. It isn't being purposely aimed at the Embassy. So intramurus is the second most devastated city in the whole world. Okay, after Poland. And you must be here that the bullet hole still remain after World War II. And obviously where the bullet holes are, this is actually the original wall. Parts of it is actually being reconstructed because obviously because of the bombings it needed to be rebuilt. And quite a lot of it was built in the 1980s. So when you translate it, where that means gate. And this is the only gate. So only the gate is for royal Spanish family during the Spanish occupation here in the Philippines. So we just inside the intramurus at the moment. And you've got the royal gate over there. And behind me is the extra mirrored. So it basically means the outside wall. It's really interesting to go up onto that wall because you can actually see the contrast between obviously the ancient ruins, I suppose you could say it, of intramurus. And then the modern city that Minila has now become. You can really see why CV-MNX experiences cater the experience to the highest level. Getting the band bikes is so much better than walking around. You can see people that have had to walk around or drive around in the car. If you drive around in the car, you don't get to experience it properly. And if you walk around, it's going to take you all day. And you're not going to be able to do the other experiences that we're going to show you later. But we're now at the Asayin Asian. It's like the Asian Garden. Asayin Garden. And this is where all of the founding Asian countries created it. And the wall here was actually built, so I'm behind me, was actually built by the Chinese. And it is built similarly to the great wall of China. But they also now have the extramurus that was built. And it has cannons facing to where China Town is today. So it was built by the Chinese, but the relationship between the Chinese and the Filipinos. At that time, and the Spanish that colonized it wasn't the best. My name is the minor Basili coffee market at Concept Shot. It's very, it's a long name actually. And that is the evasion of the church. And the next thing you're going to take is here in the Plaza Roma, which again, it looks like it could be any European city. It is crazy. Obviously you've got that Spanish colonism going on. It could be Italy, it could be France. And you've also got Minerca Fiddle, which is the first cathedral in Minerla. I might be wrong, or first church in Minerla with air conditioning, which is pretty cool. And when the Pope came here in 2012, there were two million people. I didn't know these fact, but it's all good. I can't believe how much history is within Minerla. I can't believe how many of these walls there are. They were once all connected. And we were at Fort San Tiago, which was actually built in 1571, so it is extremely old. The architecture here is ridiculous. It is like the most beautiful part of Minerla. And it's the part of Minerla. Not everyone gets to see a highly, highly recommend coming here and seeing it. It's so different to the Hassan Basel of BGC and McKay. We're now on top of Fort San Tiago. And right behind us is the Passig River, the delta part of it, where it's just coming off Minerla Bay, and the views up here are ridiculous. And you can see why this was that, the last line of defense, because you would be up here, and you could see off out of Intramuros, and you could see the surrounding cities. But the river looks really good, doesn't it? They said that it is meant to be the dirtiest river in Minerla. It doesn't really look it. I think they've cleaned this up as well. A lot. Like, there used to be apparently a really strong smell coming from it. I can't smell anything. Yeah, just look at these views. We're looking for it. It is beautiful. And we are back from the band bike tour. We are absolutely exhaustedly sweating. It's so hot today. It's like apparently it's like in the first day that it's been blue skies like this for a while. I'm really surprised, because we have rained yesterday, and now we've got beautiful sunshine, so it's a perfect day. So, so lucky. The band bikes are incredible. The experience runs today. They've thought about things so well. I've already explained in the vlog, the bikes. So much better than walking, so much better than driving. And Intramuros, oh my god, it is beautiful. It's the most beautiful part of the Minerla. You can't believe this is in Minerla, like old Minerla. I'm so shocked that there is something like this in the middle of the big city, and I just think more people need to come and see it, because there's so much history. There's so much history. We're not the best with facts, obviously, but come here. There is so much to learn. We couldn't tell you everything. It's also beautiful, but it's also sad things. Like, you know, the sad past of Minerla. The big map is. The big map is. Yeah, that's great. There's a lot of things. There's a lot of great. So, there's so much to learn. But, after all that, like I've said, the experience, everything has been full of. And we are now off to the world's oldest Chinatown. So excited. It's got some lunch, so we'll see you there. And we are now in the oldest Chinatown in the world. And one of the largest I believe, it is huge. It's not like your conventional Chinatowns, where it's only just like one street. It's literally road on road. And we're going to head around the corner in a minute to the main Instagrammable spot. We're actually going to grab lunch ourselves today. So we just had the dumplings, which were really nice. I've never actually tried them before. The steamed dumplings, they were very nice. We've just come into a little restaurant now, which is known in the Filipino language as Toro-Tolo. I think I'm pronouncing that right. And it basically just means that you point at what you would like to eat, so you point at the things. So you don't really ask for what you want to eat. You just point at that hot that I'm just having a look around. And I'm all I'm looking at is lovely lemon juice. Everything in this Chinese restaurant is full vegetarian. I'm not completely sure what I'm going to. I'm going to forget we just forget his swords. I think this is like a half-sniff type thing that is fried. I might be wrong. And then I'm not even sure what this is. But we're going to tuck into this and then we're going to actually go to the National Museum. And we are back. What a day. It was absolutely amazing. I've actually caught some suns. So thank God we had amazing weather today for our intramurostor. We can't thank CVMNX enough for this experience. I think honestly, from my point of view, if you forget Matt for a second more over years, from my point of view, I couldn't believe that there was something like that in Minila. When you think of Minila, you just think of a big city. I couldn't believe that there was still the ancient ruins of the walls. And that it is the city of halls. But as you can hear, he's rustling somewhere. I think it might be in my opinion. Oh, let me get in the camera. My opinion doesn't matter, apparently. But yeah, amazing day. CVMNX travel is great. And you're going to see that X on a lot of travel ideas throughout the Philippine. I think it's going to go far. It's going to be big. I'm able to work with mango tours, which are really good. They pick you up, drop you off at your apartment. And we've even got some snacks from Chinatown to try later. They've got some like Ube and everything like that. But I'm getting off subject here. Yeah, amazing. Loves Chinatown. Just to point out as well, if you do see any tours online that have that X, that means that it is going to be your experience with CVMNX. And they go the extra mile. But I'm not just saying that like I've done other tours before. They do definitely go the extra mile. Amazing day. We're sunburned. We're tired. Tired. Gonna wrap this video up. Not sure when it's going to post, so you're seeing it now. But this might be like three weeks time. It might even be in a week time. We've got some things to finalise. And then we will, we're letting on Instagram when it's going to go up. But yeah, if you're new to the channel and you're like, don't mind me waffling now. I'm going to keep that subscribe. Drop a like. And keep on doubling. I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe. And I'm going to keep that subscribe.