 But you're Friday. The freshest. Okay, so we're back with more TikToks that you have tacked me on. Yes, since the previous one, you guys have explored it, but let's just TikTok with recommendations. Stuff, so we'll put on a vacation of the fucking Philippines, proving it's the land of the unfairness of singers. Of the unfailing, maximum. Okay, I don't know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, thank you, thank you. But this is more Filipino singers that you've probably never seen just absolutely blasting the shit out of a karaoke or in-a-man sessions, which is when they're pretty much drunk. Or you've probably seen some of this because they've gone so viral. So let us, I mean, let's have a look. Oh, by the way, people have asked if you want to send videos to Bali. Yes. Just go to a TikTok. Or I guess people do also reels, right? So also on Instagram, yes, but it's both, both platforms in the same handle as WLSK15. So yeah, you can just fan me on both. You've finished up whatever you want. Don't blow my mind. Get ready, Fad, this one's wild. But it in a man, which I think means pre-being drunk session. Pre-drunk, I love the pre-drunk situation. Let me show you. Show you. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Come on, man. What's your name? I love when we both sing along. It's got a camosque. Aton Belay, you must come here, haven't you? Oh, that is coming out. Man, listen, listen to the fact that this guy has the most relaxed jawline I have ever seen is so. He's literally unbuttered. Tito, how do you heal a broken heart in one of the gums? And you know, this is it. Oh, baby, I'm out of my mind. Oh, yeah, I'm out of my mind. Oh, that's the number one song. Search, go to Google, how can he love broken heart? This guy comes up. No, you must. You must. This is it. Right. You go to a travel website. You get a ticket. I get a ticket. No, no, no. Just go there for a couple of days. Get, you know, record the fact. And I'll get really drunk and get on the karaoke. And that's how you feel about it. You'll come back a brand new person. Trust me. The Filipinos will grant you the wish of healing the magical beings. They're not normal. I take, it's impossible that the Philippines is just another country. Just a land. It's just land. It's a fire, fire. Fire. Fire. This is so abnormal. It is so amazing. And people just don't understand it. Because, you know, people in the comments sometimes are like, yeah, this is, you know, unbelievable. But it's like, this is everyday. But no, no. It's beyond unbelievable. No. That guy, it's like beyond prostanded. And he's just chilling there with a cheap microphone. He's a no one. No, no, no. He's lame. He just has a job. So there next one here we go is I think it's Kevin Brakenia I think that's his name and yes Oh Oh Is that falsetto? No because he was full full full That felt like it sounded like full full full that is that is absolutely completely total belt But when you ask you know like for example, it's just it marked me like when we spoke to Calo He was like no that the reason my voice sounds like that like so her bitch and it sounds like the female voice is because it's all falsetto So I'm not it. That's not it. That's full that was a belt. He was belt. Yeah, but that is not a full set Or does not the head voice? Yeah, that's not no no man that is full full full it's just how does he do that? I saw like Maracelito does that as well, right? I don't know how they do that I just have no idea and somebody somebody Explain it trying to explain it to you asking that is that a head tone? No, it's not that's that's not classified as a head head tone or whistle or whatever register none. I know this is proper building full-fold completely body anchoring All energy so I guess it's just his larynx flexibility It's just outstanding absolutely outstanding with but somebody explain it to me and some's like somebody I think it was kind of funny the comment and I was like I Wish it was that easy say that Somebody said to me whatever you ask why do like men and Filipinos can do this. It's like gay. They can be gay I'm like that doesn't explain it though like because obviously when you wait there is that They they change so there they're accustomed to changing the the larynx to a thinner fold to like a higher Tonality in the larynx so you shift technically speaking you can do that so you lift your larynx and you can be at Custom to that positioning so when it comes to singing is actually not effort because you constantly speak in that setting But you can also reach the lower setting too, but you're constantly executing Larynx flexibility exercises in your daily life. So I suppose that could be a good Explanation but it still is like it's still outstanding and there are men out there that can do that That's not this is more a sense original You know like this is one of those iconic songs that girls struggle to sing That got 21,000 lights holy shit my god Kevin get all the Well, oh show Kevin some love. This is this absolutely insane and same. Okay next one is next Hey That's famous It's too easy for her I can hotels Wow, she's got vibes Okay, here we go Here we go Oh, fuck What That is the best thing I've ever seen. That is meant to have so much respect for that woman. Because I love that song. That is my favorite regime beloved song. What? I love that song. It's so hard. The thing is like regime belts. What's her name? Who is she? But on the walk I'm always with. This woman, this person, well that person is really popular. Look, 400,000 followers in TikTok. Oh, she's out here living in his births, the her births life? Is that her? Don't know. You should put it up. I don't know. I don't actually know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Go left. I'm a Makasau. Oh my god, I just don't believe it. I'm in big. That's the crazy thing. That's it. That's right. Regime Velasquez belts her thing, right? Yes. But she stops there. Yeah, yeah. This woman, this how dare she. This is crazy. How dare she break the laws of physics? They're the good laws for a reason. What is her name? Yeah, what is her name? What is her name? Anybody. And who is this person? Jan Villrolldown. Does he post people that ask her awesome? Yeah, this is like a repost page. Show me the next one. They're very popular. I'm excited. I'm excited. I love that song. Oh, this is awesome. Listen to this man. Hey, look, it's Gonsaga. She's a real Gonsaga. This Alex Gonsaga. It doesn't have the blue thing, though. Doesn't have the tick. It's weird that he feels like Gonsaga. It's not ticked on the platform. Sure, right? Because I think everyone there is so famous in every platform that exists. But I think his name is Adrian. Adrian. Adrian Mah. Money Bali. Okay, doggo. Adrian, I like your dog. You've pressed like that. You've seen that. Yes, yes, yes, I did. He has a lot of people tag me in a lot of his videos. So I am always like how they're loving. Okay, doggo. Mm-hmm. Yes. Yes. My man stepped out of heaven. Oh, he's that cover. I think so. I demand we see a full cover on this. That has 310,000 fucking legs. Yeah, he's very popular. Whoa. This video is very popular. That's a, mate. Why doesn't he have the blue thing, then? If he's so famous. I don't know. He's famous. That's famous. That's famous level shit, dude. I know famous people that I don't have, they get, they don't get that much love. But that's actually absolutely ridiculous. That's an outstanding video. Let's check this out. Yeah, I want to know about him. Oh, why don't you have to drag that in. Oh, okay. Every website, things on my robot, I always get them. Why? Why do we, why is that? Okay, hi. He has 100,000 followers. Maybe press that one. The 136,000. The 136. Hi, it is the one that we just watched. And the recreated. Oh. Nice, con, it part, the part, say, oh. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Peace off. Get out of here. You're not real. Get out of here. Okay, here's the thing. Okay, let's just, sir. It gave me. It's just not comprehensible. The way that he just flipped into that falsetto. Like, it was nobody's business. Like, this was just a normal day. Chilling what he's stomach. So clean. Singing with his fucking chin like that. I don't ever swear. But that made me angry. Is that how good is that? I just seen a picture of this. She's holding a baby. Cheers. Cheers. Very, very popular. It's a baby. This video is a video. This video has 7.6 million likes. She's famous. She is famous. She is famous. Right? Her precedent will know. That's how famous you are. 7.6 million likes. Fuck you, though. It doesn't have a little bit of no key. That's ridiculous. Uh-huh. It was born in our house. It's gonna be dead. Oh, fuck, I was running away. I was running away. I was running away. I was running away. I was running away. I was running away. She is crying. It was in my hand. I was running away. You thought you were coming back to me? Did you see that? I'm playing it really well. Since it한 the baby. Cause my future is running. It's ragged down hold. It's ragged down hold. It's ragged down hold. Look at that. It's ragged down hold. It's ragged down hold. Then it disappears out. It disappears out. It's ragged down hold. It's ragged down hold. I told you it's a land of it's just different bro kids are born different the fucking is a built different you know that kid doesn't know how to cry he knows how to sing he doesn't know liby's he knows he knows fucking how about that baby knows Celine Dion you try and sing him Twinkle Twinkle little star and he'll be like what they're crap man no I think he'll develop a new mess he'll be just as crying and maybe he gets a fever does the other thing they probably don't cry that baby probably doesn't cry probably belts can't help it I'm upset it's like phantom of the upright just because it's serious and then it'll be sudden if there's another baby he'll be going to schools or sort of nurseries you don't get something on a mosque you get here in the UK or you know or the normal parts in the world in there you should get quiet and they all stand behind with their legs they're just kids about to be fed it's like a Harry Potter yeah the wild one's the next fucking ridiculous what she said she said thank you so much to everyone you should pull your shirt out thank you so much to everyone from other country who like love this video of me and my niece we are so so much happy that you appreciate our video give it another like I can because my main word what what what that is absolutely not what yeah no problem this is I What? Everybody recording? See this book, see this book right here. What what is it doing? Playing bingo. See this book right here? This is the book of songs. This is the book of songs. A book of songs? Yes. So you think you go ahead and somebody explain it to me kindly and I was like, oh my god. And then I also saw a few movies that I've been watching, Philippine movies, banging. Every time you say a people like when's the revenue dropping? Alright, so there's a control remote and it has a bunch of numbers right? And then you press the code number from the song book and the song comes up and it puts it in a queue. So you have to wait in bars, in bars though. And sometimes the way it's like so long and you're watching all of these people sing, well, you're getting drunk. So by the time you go to actually think you're actually gone. See, so that's sort of the book. Now, the book of songs. Now can you add any songs to this machine? I think they're already pre-proper programmed. They have like all time classics. Yeah, basically. And that's why certain songs that were very popular in the 80s, still banging today. Okay, like six minutes six. Yes, my man. They have the fire start, I think. Look at that cigarette in a shed. And we got the lyrics. No, that's the, he's just beginning the next song. Yes, that was so clean. And they're just sort of, yeah, but let's hang out. Let's do a bit of a hangout. Essentially, they're more drunk you get. Everyone wants to sing anyway. And then Pam, he just does that. He's fucking unreal. Oh, what a fuck. What's the next one? Mariel. Mariel. This is Ben Amber. Oh, she got a set up right now. I love this song. She's, she's, she's good, good. Oh, that's everything. Yeah. She's good, but she's, she's good, but I like, I want to, I want to allow this song, in the sense of like, I want to, I wonder what her actual profile looks like. Oh, she's famous as well. Oh, she's famous, famous. Look at that. 500,000 subscribers. 2.6 million likes and all black. See, I would guess how old she is, but I have no idea. This one has a million. She likes that set up. That's her role, I think. I'm a metal man. I like, I'm a metal man. I like that set up. Are you cool? What is the next song? I like, I want to allow this song. What's the next song? I like that set up. What's the next song? I like that set up. I like that set up. I like that set up. One, two, three, four, three. It's intriguing right as well because that type of voice yes Like if you hear someone like that sing to you Like there was a commonly that said I wasn't feeling very well today and then I Feel really good looks almost tagged you more shit. Oh, we just took the love and You listen to those type of voice and they just so it's like It gives you serenity like it relaxes you it's really weird. I totally agree. I also the quote It's quite a dangerous person to date Because they can sort of get their way just my signature. Really? Yes. Yeah, definitely like say you're really pissed It's really pissed with them. Oh you fucking you did this and did that and then I was passed No, no, I was passed and then they're like sitting on the room and whatever is like look at this stuff No look what I wrote. Yeah, yeah Who do you think my collection? She made that up Singing freaking little mermaid. Oh, I don't know any little mermaid. I haven't seen I've never seen that movie I have never seen the little mermaid From front to back never I've seen bits and bobs that you have seen I know there's a crab when there's a dog to pose woman Oh, that is correct. Yeah, but I don't know how she wins the battle and what the curse is Basically you got the Well ladies and gentlemen that was another edition of some viral singers from TikTok From the Philippines that's the longest name for a show, but you got it Let us know what else we should check out next and keep tagging Waluchas on many more stuff Do you also tomorrow because Malice dropping a cover took a lot of covers? Redeem the Laskas cover. Fuck you though. Very exciting. Yep my heart with the donnis as well if you know a donnis you familiar Puff them. Good bye