 ... I haven't been to the Philippines but I grew up with a lot of Filipinos. I don't know. I don't know. How are you, my friends? Today's video episode, we will be talking about the International Celebrities in our neighborhood. And the only thing is, Yami and Counter with Filipino food. This. It is? Smells like a potato? Yeah, it smells like a potato. That's... it's crazy. Good. I like that. It's my favorite. I said up. You mean, I said up? Ma? Ma? I said up. It's not up. Very strange fast food coming out of the Philippines. Apparently, they have Kentucky fried chicken restaurants there. You know this. Filipino food is the food that all chefs, all cooks, all foodie people, all journalists, love. I told you so much about the culture and stuff and it always seemed so different that I had this sort of magic image of the Philippines. Let us then go to Filipino snacks, the old times and theyBook唖 in the day of NBC News. I am proud and proud that they похож to eating the Hans' Company. They Book items in mainstream media! Many different moms never watch it. It's trash, shrimp. First thing we tried was actually a thing called balut. It's kind of a weird thing. Basically what they do is they fertilize a duck egg. Agusapan din natin, ang balut experience ni Zuck Efron. Nung buisita sa Pilipinas. Ibnidon yung aito sa kanyang gasting nungon. It really wasn't that bad. It doesn't look like you liked it at all. But you had to pretend or the people will throw you up to side of that clip, right? Ikao ka proud si Nung Sikat na ninternational celebrity ang gusto mong mapanod sa balut challenge. Comit mo na baka para yas tayo. G Say Babao. Oh M G. G Say Babao. Oh M G. G Say Babao. Oh M G. Oh M G. KFC Street Lice Burger. Lata tan da al mupaba ang G Stop Burger ng KFC Pilipinas. Bumidon ang naman niyan sa isang talk show nungon sa status unidos. Tama ba si Tito Jimmy, Kalo ko hun na lang ba talaga ang mingin ay to, along masasabi mo ka proud. He adds a street wise because it doesn't seem... Nothing about this seems wise. Kaka proud. Meron kabang, kaka ibang, food, menu idea, na maisasa Jess. Comit mo ha at pagusapan natin yan. The future ngayon ay KFC. Come now ating na niyong yo. Order kuyun ng dalaong street wise burgers at isang talk show kula gramsik ay Libre. Fisipasar ng gramsik, ay mas maraming flavor. KFC OMG. Lama ba, ng may mga kaibigan palang Pilipina ang Hollywood actress ng si Drew Barrymore. Kaya naman, pida din sa kanya ang mga pagkaing pinoy. Narito ang clip sa kanyang interview, mga ka proud. Bama? Or Nupia? Nupia is Nupia, Shamanah. Or Adelao ba? Adelao ba? It's all food. I can't eat. Really? Yes. And why is it so true that the store you're there too, when you are here last time? I have many friends in America that are Filipino and they would make it for me. Na chef is living the ultimate chef dream in New York. Meet Bilar Baldes. She's the personal chef of award-winning American actress and talk show host Drew Barrymore. Pida din ang ating pinsan na si Pilar. Syelang naman ang personal, chef at friendship nitita Drew Barrymore. Ikaw. Sinong international celebrity ang gusto mo maging personal chef ka at ipagloonu tumo, aro aro ka proud. It's truly such an honor and I think, you know, for me, it's like, you know, my deepest joy is really cooking for people, you know, and I think thank God I enjoy what I do. And Drew always asked, like, it was so grounded that we built our relationship. You know, at first it was a work relationship and it loomed into a friendship definitely. Ida kagdag mo pa ang fellow Charles Angel nitita Drew Barrymore na siita kameron dyes. Apa, marami din palaito mga marites friendship na Pilipino aso interview. I haven't been to the Philippines but I grew up with a lot of Pilipinos. Really? Yes. And then I grew up next door to her mother was from the Philippines. The Philippines? Yes. Lumpia, dobo. I ate it every single day. And you kept your figure eating a dobo and lumpia and rice? Rice all the time her mom made the best rice. Anorin naman natin ang buddelfight mukbang ng NBA player nasi steep Adams. Basta pinoy food mapapaka maika panaloyan ka proud. Masarap? Yeah. Wow. Do you like this one? So now they would have had like the dinner part? Just especially for you. What was that weight you said? Mmm. Masarap? Masarap? Yeah. Narito naman ang ube experience ng celebrity chef nasi Paul Hollywood. We're Filipino. So growing up everything we ate for dessert would have something prevalent. It's called ube. Ube? It's a purple jam. Back home we make a jam out of it, eat it with a spoon. But we live in America now. So we kind of have to Americanize the ube to make it. Tell me what Americanizing is. Americanizing it makes it into a cupcake. Okay. I make it into a pound cake. It's a good idea to make a Americanizing U.B. You're so proud. Do you want to make Americanizing U.B.? You're going to make a Americanizing U.B. You're going to make it into a cup. How's it going, sir? It's nice, right? Mmm. It is. This is a Kamei on island feast. Okay. This is Kamei is me in hand. So this is a feast that we usually have on a party, foot, table, line with banana leaves. And then we come out with this procession, all with rice and all these fun things we're about to put on. Okay. When you're done with your day time Chicago, the Budal Fight set up is Filipino food. It's nice to have you in the house, not to be a little bit hot. We're in the house, we're in the house. We're in the house. The other side of the world to the 7,000 to start. We're in the house. And you know, so then you have this big colorful feast that you get to enjoy with all your friends and family. This is the island in the Rebellion of Korean American Chef, host of TV series, Broken Bread. What do we call Filipino food? It's the number one food amongst foodies. As far as why it hasn't broke out to the mainstream yet, maybe because your food is too good. It's too authentic, it's too good that it just society, larger society, hasn't caught up to it yet. When we first started, the food was cooked by the people who cooked in the kitchen. Because, as you can see, the food was cooked by the people who cooked in the kitchen. Is it the meat? Oh no. Yeah, yeah. Let's cook. Pork.