 Future Friday. The freshest. Okay. Yes, so this has been Vina Morales and her song, it is me, which means you are mine. Your mine, but in the masculine. Yeah. This is telling the guy or the man. You belong to me. You belong to me, Doc? Yes, that's right. I- Start going around with Katherine! I think Katherine is another existing person, this claimer. It's a fictional character, everyone has made up throughout the years. Moving on. Throughout the years. Throughout the years. You, yeah, anyways. It's much more exciting than crazy. What? Look the way imaginary friends are doing. She's only existed nine months. No. Ever since the channel. Well, the channel hasn't been for nine months. No, but ever since the-oh, well for another. There you go. Anyway, so this is her song, I think it's in Tagalog, even though I don't actually know if that's the literal translation for Tagalog to English. You belong to me in my mind. Because he's like spanish. Well, it's written in a tough language, it's real. I know. But I don't know. What's going on? It's in English! Parapan. Oh, the question. Woohoo! It's very Hispanic, my friend. It sounds like Talia, bro. It does! Paulina Ruvia is in the house. You may be too. Come on, guys. Oh, even call him. Hey! Oh my God, what the- Tagong, Tagong. It's Cha-yang, gonna come out. Like... It's reggaeton! Where's Cha-yambra? Where is Enrique Iglesias? I know he's from Spain, but like what the hell? Enrique was a bit late to run from this. I think Cha-yang was probably probably the best example of that time. Of this music, like, era. But he can't change his voice. Because Enrique Iglesias has a good example. Of course he's very bizarre and really garnered so much attention in South America before garnering so much fame and start in Spain. I have to be honest. This is literally... Why am I at home? Today's recording session has been very mad. Very nostalgic. It's been incredibly nostalgic. Regarding like the thing that's been on me. The industry we checked out. Wild. My heart's not ready. Written lyrics. From her album cover as well. That's freaking beautiful. I love that word Mangieri. Mangieri. You know what I feel? I feel she gives good hugs. I feel like she is wonderful. I would love to see her life. I feel like she gives good hugs. I smell wonderful. I don't know why. Most likely. You know what I know? There's women that have that perfume. They're just kind of lingers. No, that perfume that you press the thing. A pumper. A pumper. I find it's useful and that's... It's all my darling. Find the lyrics, bro. I will. I like some lyrics. It was this. I don't know. What are you seeing? I'm bro. What a vibe. That place. I have to visit. Look at the light and the light. You're like a food hole. It's like a food hole. Super Bowl says that. There's another... It's like pitch-a-pitch. What? It's very like a popular name. I mean, it is... It's like a pojita. Pojita. No, it's like a pojita. Po patita. What? Acho, pocho. It is me, oh. So it is a Spanish. It could be a taigala, bro. I thought she was going to speak Spanish. I thought she was going to speak Spanish. It's like a Spanish. It's great to say she likes singing. It's a dream! It's a dream! It's funny! If you're a drummer, and you're a pop drummer in America or anywhere in the world, there's always going to be one genre you're going to play right? Or one sort of rhythm. Four on the floor. If you're in South America and you're a pop drummer, that's your four on the floor. But for some reason in America it's... Or like a pop track. But in America it's always this. So me listening to this. Yes. It's always the same shit. And then when you're a drummer like in popular music or you're a tour with artists, that is essentially going to be your everyday. Yeah, absolutely. Most definitely. And it's funny though. So me listening to this just now is a wonderful... Oh my god! It's funny though, you know the Foo Fighters drummer, they released a track like six years ago. And he was like... Yeah, the drummer of the Foo Fighters. He was like, I thought I came up with the most freaking revolutionary track for a pop, like for a rhythm for a rock track. And I was like, yes, I made this too. I was like, goddamn I'm a genius. I made up this freaking fantastic. The song blows up in South America. And everybody's like, look Foo Fighters is making reggaeton. And I was like, what the hell is reggaeton? But he thought he had made it up. He was like, dude, I feel like a genius in the studio. I was like, I made this up. You're literally a drummer. You made it reggaeton. If you're a drummer and you're on a band, that makes a hit and it's pop. It's got to be four on the floor. Yeah. Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb. Yeah! You can make so much out of that for at least every popular artist, they will have a song like that in their repertoire. But they have to. Well, they just seem to. It just is what resonates with people. And especially nowadays where they make music with a producer. That's not thinking of a drummer. Oh yeah, I don't definitely. I feel bad actually now for, you know, not for me. Because I don't drum at that level at the moment of like touring with guys. I don't remember anything. No, no, no, no. Even session jobs. Just like, you know, people at Iron Spades or people that actually touring with their own grandest. Yeah, I feel a bit bad for them because sometimes when they fucking, when they make the tracks in the studio, they never think of them. They're not even in the studio. They get called up. Like, hey, we're gonna tour. We need to, you know, we need to. Here's your track list. It's like, how the fuck do I make a clap sound? That also sounds like an 808 with that. That's funny. I love this song! Oh! Oh! I want to make you die! You see, I knew she was going to kick his vans. I'm going to get it girl! Oh, the song. I mean this. Like what? I mean, this. Like what? this like what because I understand Kundiman why Kundiman like that general became popularized obviously the Hispanic influence on things but at this point you know this is 2001 2018 that but I wasn't really but I wasn't in 2018 that's not a reggaeton that's popping well it kind of was because it was like in reggaea she has with his like the son of the whole confused that's four years ago bro Hentenni Henten no Henten the son Henten yeah that's like seven eight years ago dog is that old so that's what I mean it seems to be not in that in that frame of time so my question is they must have been an artist or several artists in the Philippine or music industry or maybe artists that taught in the Philippines that made such a stamp that then throughout the years and decades I genre like this ballet not boleros but like yeah I guess reggaeton Latin pop Latin pop yeah would then be a genre in which you also hinted at it with using Spanish words I know that Talia became very popular that's about it that I was very popular in the Philippines really why very interesting I read about you guys told me and I was like oh my god yes but reggaea became popular in reggaea she was all imagine it's very popular in the Philippines yeah yeah sin bandera is very popular in the Philippines okay so that that makes sense now yeah canila was popular in in in the Philippines it's some of you guys told me I was like oh my god what so fun so fun well let us know what you thought about it and then maybe what else would you check out next yeah all right