 Hey guys! Welcome back to the juicy reacts. I'm King today. Already got my earphone in. This video is a new one for us obviously, because we've filmed it. Why do Filipinos speak English well? Now we live here in Manila in case you don't know. And one of the reasons we love traveling the Philippines on top of countless reasons is that everywhere we go, oh, sorry. This is a massive flying of fire man all day. They flink it into the wall. Sorry. Oh, that's another one over there. I'm not going to film with you. Sorry. Everywhere we go, Filipinos speak English. We've been up into mountains, towns and villages. Everyone speaks English. It's amazing. And I think it's the people I'm getting, I mean, did not like the last one of the videos, but people are taught it in school here, like as a second language. Yeah, you know that already. Some people learn it as a first language. People we've come across before in the Philippines. So yeah, let's start this video. This video is called Why do Filipinos speak English well? And what I was going to say is thank you for sending in this recommendation if it was you. So let's get started. Ready? Right, yep. Three, two, one. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, see you. You're seeing us, sir. Oh, I put left hand fake. Oh, I put an old book, sir. There we go. I swear that's been me so many times. He let the whole thing go. What's up? I don't know. You didn't tell me that. Okay. Hey, guys. This is Tina from Happy Cups. All welcome to our new channel. And microphone. Our mission is to bring you to the latest. Well informed and good. All to the same time. We're going to bring you some awesomeness from different people at your doorsteps. Plus, we're going to answer your questions about the Philippines. So for the very first episode, we're going to talk about why do Filipinos speak English well and how often Filipinos speak in English. That's why I would know, like, do they speak English well and not speak into us? Okay. What I think is because the... Yeah. If it is in our curriculum and this way, Filipinos are trained. Or Filipinos are our rulers also. We've been speaking English. We're part of what we're learning. Okay. What are these little pieces like? We need to be able to wake up by much. Okay. So it's like what they consume. Yeah, yeah. And what they're taught in schools. We're also influenced by the Americans. Or something like that. I would think that that's because of the... It's picking up a lot of... In here in the corner of the room. It's around south. Is it in Sput? Yeah, let's see. It's easier. Right, just finish up. Well, ever since... Uh... All centers. All centers. Philippines. Um... A lot of Filipinos wanted to be a part of the industry. And just because of their new compensation. But I think it's a good one. That's why a lot of Filipinos are learning really good business. Um, we were under the... Juan Mano, Kinging... American education system. Not really. Not really. Not really. Not really. Not really. Not really. Not really. Not really. Um... Yeah, he's like a bassah, right? Filipinos love to read. Yeah, most of the mediums are the gametes at the school and put English. By the US. He's a guy that says on the talk. He's wearing a Filipino speaks English very well. How often? Why, most often. I think 60% or 80% Wow. How much do I think? Every chance they get to talk, they buy them gametes or English. Whether spoken or written. Well... Exactly. Even chat. Students, so every day, they... it's included in the background. So it's a good, way to improve our speaking. Um, every day, we adapt to the English language. Don't you? Um, some words get really kind of pure. We've had a lot of people say to us, they like chatting to us, getting into practising in English. Definitely. And a lot of people that have shy to speak to us in English, they understand what we're saying, but they're shy because they don't want to say things wrong. Yeah, exactly. I hope many classmates have heard one year old. What's gone to town? Is I at half? Up in the half? I'll be in the half. Yeah, yeah. The suburb. Well, it's actually being a medium of instruction. What does that say? Well, I see what they say. I feel like we leave the in-charge of kids in speaking English, which is how they don't meet with other nationals. So how they don't meet with other people? Because, uh, I think it's a universal language. So, with your thoughts, really, like, that's true. Learn young. Hmm. I thought it was meant to be new Spanish, but it's already... Well, it's called D. I think that's the best thought, uh, early, early. I don't know if you can go to my students' work center. So, I would really prefer English, because I am really in localization. Not mudred, um, it's, it's, it's good. Um, it's a way of reaching out that I'm making more emphasis on certain topics, but they use a big-ish, uh, how are we going to go to the issues? You want to be in the part of the education, right? I think there's a good reason for me to be able to talk about it. You speak Thai-ersent on a different basis. Maybe. So, I hope you guys enjoyed this video, and if you think that this is kind of started to find a little bit useful for you, please do share it to your friends and friends. It's cool channel. We didn't do that. We didn't do that. But what did you think? These questions that we asked today, please be nice with your comments towards our interviews because they absolutely give their time and effort just to film this one. Of course, without them, this one. No, that's nice. Really nice channel as well. Yeah, it's really a comment here, underneath it says, we Filipinos are really good in English, especially when we're drunk. I've definitely noticed that you met when we went back to you. And we were having a few drinks with these locals there, with Mike and Nelly, and we were sat outside, and they were quite shy at first. And then by the end of the night, they're singing desolate songs. One or two, very cool. That's not an English word. They were going for it. But yeah, they were singing all these different songs, we were chatting, we were laughing. The shyness slipped away slowly. Yeah. Oh, there's a lot of fun. Thanks for watching, guys. Comment below anything else you want us to react to. We get all our reaction videos from your comments, from your messages, from suggestions, so please do that. That was super interesting, though, because I feel like there's a lot of reasons why and some you may not think about. Like, I mean, like the cool centres, one, for example, that's people all day practicing the English. Absolutely. And those are like jobs and stuff, I suppose, require English as well. The globalization that one guy is talking about, because he was saying that is how the world comes together. It's like, I sometimes feel lazy for not speaking other languages, but it is a universal language. So a lot of people in different countries do speak English. So yeah, for them, it's like job opportunities. And we definitely notice a lot of accents here. Sounds slightly more American than British, so people must consume more American TV. Actually, that was huge. That was interesting. I guess there are Filipino cartoons and stuff going up as kids, but a lot of the stuff, I'm just naming like, Simpson's last universal. That's not a kids cartoon, is it? No, but you know what I mean? It's stuff like that, it's kind of universal, and huge movies. Tom and Jerry's, maybe, that come to different countries. Yeah, yeah. I mean, people growing up in English. Definitely. Definitely, definitely. And someone else who has had to say, is more good in speaking English than Tagalog, so do you guys agree with that last one? They're rivalry there. Let us know if you agree or disagree. Okay, let's read some more comments on this video. Hello, I'm Japanese. I'm studying English. Filipino's English is better than Japanese. We Japanese are really worried about mistakes. We are scared to speak it, included of mine in the community. Including me, she probably means. Yeah. They speak it openly. I would like to copy what they do. That's really nice. Yeah, definitely. So that's you saying that the Filipino's are more open and just kind of go for it with trying? Someone's saying, guys, taking to consideration this was filmed in Sabu where they specialize in learning English more than Tagalog first off to prioritize their dialects. Then they learn English. They don't really focus on Tagalog, but they do eventually learn Tagalog as they get older. Another one here that's interesting, guess what, years of drinking in front of the karaoke singing English songs paid off. How is karaoke, on a point? That is so true. Every time we hear, I mean, you get the occasion for the Filipino song. You do, but a lot of them are English-like and I love songs. Yeah, English karaoke. And that's super popular here. Interesting. Okay, some more. I'd like to appreciate a guy who's wearing a sports shirt and a garb of blue polo. Nice. I don't think they chose to let the children learn and speak English language instead of the mother tongue. That's just my opinion. Yeah, I don't think it's instead of. I think they teach it in school and you, of course, would grow up learning your own language anyway. Really cool video. I guess the best answer when your parents and if they were taught English as well. So like if your family speaks intergalogor and desire at home or if they may be some people speak English at home. Maybe they have some parents who want to push English more to them. We met people that speak English at home and they all speak fluent to garland fans. That's true. Fluent English first, you mean? No, speak fluent to garland first when they're born and then in the home they speak English. Yeah. So comment here that says the truth is not all Filipinos speak very well, but I don't think that matters. I think if people are trying most do. Yeah, most do. But even if like, I think people are going to get shy it's easy to still understand, isn't it? Definitely. And if you can feel words, they're a little bit wrong. Even we're English. We even don't speak proper language. We, this things like slang words and we drop sounds and sentences and shortcuts for languages like colloquial kind of chatty language. Oh, nice work. Good word. Thanks for watching this one. We hope you enjoyed it. We'll see you in the next video. So if you've got the channel if you're new, come up to 30,000 subscribers. Amazing. But I'm still going to say it. Road to 100k. We aim high here. Mine, we've already got one of these play buttons. Don't be so cocky. Actually, that's me. I'm being cocky on that. Yes. 30k. Let's do it. Alright guys, if you can help us out with that, please do hit the subscribe button. Share this channel with your friends. Give the video a thumbs up. And I'm sorry we spoke and I'd reach other for this entire video. I don't know what happened, but... We're usually quite good at this. Anyway, we'll see you in the next one. Bye.