 What's up guys, my name is Miles. My name is Fez. And this is the commodity and today we are reacting to Welcome Back to the Philippines. We were requested by multiple people in our comments section to check out multiple videos from tourism Philippines YouTube channel. So we're checking out that one. We're checking out it's more fun with you in Sibu and more fun awaits in the Philippines. These are all like a minute to a minute and a half long. So really only like three minutes of video. So that's why I wanted to do all three in one video. It would kind of be weird if we only did like a three minute total video. The reaction of three minutes. Yeah, that was a good video. Moving on. See you tomorrow. Guys, before we hop into this video, if you would go ahead and give us a thumbs up, it truly helps us out in getting these videos out to more people. And then getting these these areas and these destinations helped to more people. Also if you would go ahead and click that subscribe button in the bell notification icon, that way you guys can stay informed on our future videos. And if you'd like to help support the channel even more and get an exclusive YouTube short shout out, click the join button down below. So let's hop in. So I do want to say more suggestions. Just based, I haven't seen any of it. I haven't even watched two seconds of it. But based off of the screen that we're looking at, we need more suggestions like this. If you live in a place that needs to be seen by others, please link to our discord down in the description. Hit it, send us a link, and we'll check it out. Yes, and we need more recommendations on the Philippines and our discord. We're getting a lot in our in our comment sections. Click the link in the discord and shoot your video links over to there so we can check them out. Last time I heard shoot is like shoot your shot, you know, try to hit on a girl or something like that. My brain is so like, why are you talking about shooting your shot? And then I realized, talk about shooting. Maybe had some hail damage earlier. Oh my gosh. It tore up so many cores. The ice was like this big around and it was coming down harder than like brain. This video is actually going up tonight. Yes. Tonight that we're filming, if you want to see what it looks like, add me on Snapchat. It's Feds 101, PHEZZ101 and you can actually see that video. Oh, you want new friends, huh? I need some friends. Welcome back to the Philippines. Goodness, that's loud. Bro, every time I see stuff like this, I just think of Kong or Jurassic Park without the death destruction and just the beauty. I picture Kong and see that was that or school, that one like school. I've never seen school island. I don't know what it's about, but I see a school right here with a tongue sticking out. It's so gorgeous. That is so cool. That was kind of one of the points in, I think, school island, but in one of the Kong movies. Oh, that is a Kong movie. We're complete. It is. Oh, no, yeah, school island. It's kind of the same. I was thinking that was like a death, like no, school island so they go in and they go into this beautiful, beautiful area, start messing with it. What is it called when there's like a, can't even think of the word. It's, well, you got like this uncharted here. No, like it's a desert and then all of a sudden, like an oasis type. Oh, yeah. Yeah. 100%. It's so gorgeous. And there's so many tiny islands that you can just go spend your day on. Oh. Or do that. Look at that. Chocolates. Yeah, I was about to say chocolate islands. They could be if you wanted to look at it like that. I hope to get the chance to go there one day. I think it was right here. Look. Tell me if you noticed something. Right here. It's going back. Yeah. I was like, that is weird. Yeah, I hope we get the chance to go to the Philippines. You know, we are going to eventually go to the Philippines. We just got to get the right chance. Look at that. Go where your mind's been wanting. So I can't explain the beauty of the Philippines. Every time we see it, and it doesn't really matter where just because the Philippines is made up of so many islands, it's all surrounded by beautiful beaches. So we had a comment, and I'm pretty sure it was somebody from the Philippines or maybe it was, it doesn't matter where they really were from. They were talking about how like, why would I want to say is about one of the Malaysian videos or something like that. And they were like, why would you watch these kind of videos where we live in America, where we have parks and we have beautiful water and we have all these different places. But it's not for number one, we're not trying to want up anybody. That's not our way. It was an American that's no, no, no, it was somebody that lived in either. I can't remember what video. Oh, they were like, why are you reacting to our stuff? You have this in your own place? Yes, like, no, it's worth anywhere in the United States. Well, we do have that. Not like this. Beach is like this all around the end of the day. No, not everywhere. No, no, no, no, no, no. But I'm saying we have, I mean, we have Hawaii. We have, right, LA, California coast, we have Florida coast, Carolina, it's absolutely beautiful. But what I'm saying is it doesn't matter what we have versus what you all have or vice versa. The whole point is learning about other cultures, learning about other areas of the world, learning about your religions, your food, all these different aspects. And wanting to visit these places and all that kind of stuff, it really has nothing to do with all we got this, we got that, we got this, you got that. Who cares? So all of the places that you said we had something similar, I've never been to. So I think that this is cool. No, no, no, but I've never been. I would say it doesn't matter. California or anything like that. But it's also different. And the food. Exactly. You're not going to get this, I promise you, you're not going to get Filipino food in the Carolinas, you know, or Georgia or anything like that. So that's what makes this place special, the food, the beauty, the people number one. You don't get the people in these places. So for the commoners out there saying why we do these is because we love different people, different places, different foods, different cultures. Alright, this is virtual tour, it's more fun with you in Saverland. I don't know why that's been living in my head all day. I know that was kind of a rant. Yeah, like, Mark Gunn Island. I think we've seen this before. We have. This is the largest oceanarium in the country where you can learn about marine life. Without getting your feet wet. That's awesome. Right the waves. It's beautiful. Saboo. Or going another adventure now. I guess that's their new phrases. Go where your mind's been wanting. Well, I'm changing that with music. Why? I thought you said you wanted music. No, this one. Oh, okay, never mind. That was the same music as the first one. Oh, okay, okay. And this is more fun awaits in the Philippines. Look at that. And pause. Look at that. Exactly. That's where. That is beautiful. Only in the Philippines. No, no, no. I think to say it's not only. But because we live on the same beautiful earth. Exactly. But what I'm saying is this is just beautiful. Like now you got to search hard for things like this in the US. Right. Because this seems like out of every corner in the Philippines. You see something like this. That looks like an avatar. Yeah. Like the water on the avatar or like, oh, water boy, the little blue bottle of water at the special. It's like never mind. Okay. I want to go diving so bad in that water. Look at that. That's so beautiful. That's something I would love to do. Go rock sliding. I don't want to do rock sliding. Closed. Wow. That a wow on top of the world. I love to do that. Oh, so cute. I just watched Noodle. We learned that those were either almost extinct or extinct and then they came back. Well, you can't be expecting. But it's not that specific species. I mean, it's like there was a bunch of different. What was that that we did watch a video? There was a bunch of different species of it. Yeah. Um, but with a big giant, but they had claimed it. Oh, they may have found like, but then they found another one. That's adorable. If that was in the US, that would be a party code. There'd be beer bottles everywhere. Yeah. Okay. If that was in Texas, that's what it would be. Yeah, be terrible. See, stuff like this is what I want to go see and be a part of. Wow. That's cool. It took her temperature just like that. There's stuff like that. Uh, common in the Phillip or in South East Asia. Well, yeah, they invented all. Yeah. That was cool. I'm kind of fixated on that temperature. Uh, the, what is it called? The momatter. Yeah, they've got stuff like that. Like I've seen it in Southeast Asian, other stuff that I've watched. Okay. We, we just have little gun things. They point them out here and take your temperature. Yeah. Like a true American one. Pointing again at somebody. Pointing again at somebody. Uh, so I came up with the idea. I ran it across him, uh, him and he likes the idea. So this is my way of kind of hoping that you all want to subscribe for this. I think we're going to try to make some hollow hollow. Oh, yeah, from scratch. Yeah. I mean, there's some stuff that you buy for the flavoring and stuff on Amazon, which I've been looking at. Um, if you have any suggestions as far as like certain recipes you would like us to follow, uh, either link them down in the comments and our description. You can include that in the same area. I'm giving the go ahead to do it in the same area with a video suggestion. Or you think, oh, what if I don't know, I moderators might delete that might be true too. Just throw it in the comments. DM us. Yeah. Yeah. On Discord. Just shoot us a DM because this is something we've never done. So it'd be, it's going to be a lot of fun. Yeah. Yeah. I'm super excited. I love to cook. So anything new to me, obviously, it's not necessarily cooking unless we make the noodles handmade and everything. Yeah. But like, what I would say we did with the, uh, probably be hard to get a, get a hold of, uh, fresh, green noodles. That wouldn't be that hard. We got plenty of places to go shopping for that for green noodles. I have, we can rub it in the grass. We'll make them green. We'll, we'll put some dye in them. I don't care. Like, we'll make different. But anyways, guys, I hope you all enjoyed this video. If you did, please hit the like button. It gets it out to a lot more people. If you want to see our future videos including that hollow, hollow video and our future videos, yeah, hit that subscribe button to the build notification. And if you want to support us directly, hit that join button with that being said. My name is Miles. My name is Fez. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out.