 All right ladies and gentlemen so finally we have the lecho here. Yeah, hello Look at this right here look so tasty and yummy look here guys, so we are here with the lecho Smells so good guys look at this look at this guys. Wow Welcome to our lecho Manifractory How many years you guys been doing this already 20 years The lecho Yeah, we are about The lecho in Kaka The family and here And Pianzi we just call it basket rice basket rice Eating with friends get some rice Man put the lecho in here Yeah Oh my guys welcome to Kaka city You're riding this boat right now and we are proud to do some interesting things right in this beautiful city right here It's outside of Sebu First thing is we gotta get down from the bus and explore but look outside here I see some bajal people right there Oh All right are you excited to be for another video from Kaka guys What's up ladies and gentlemen welcome to a brand new video right here ladies and gentlemen So we are coming live from Kaka city and today we are here to do something very interesting for you guys We're gonna be trying out the native lecho I'll be eating the lecho before whenever you have a lecho in Sebu come to Kaka So we are here in Kaka Kaka to try the native lecho guys, so let's go let's go check out this place Yo Dusty here Let's go ahead just to street Oh So first thing once you get here selling our Cheechai rooms, so we just saw this shop right here and come and check out people selling Cheechai rooms here guys If you don't know Cheechai rooms, I have tried the native lecho before and it's actually delicious But one thing you also want to try is the Cheechai rooms, but we are not in here So we're gonna talk to the locals here and they're gonna tell us more about the native lecho and today I'm During by my friend right here Steven So Steven is here with me from Papua and New Guinea. Have you tried lecho before? Yeah, I did I did but only in back in the city back in the city, but now you You are about to experience the real Lecho the real taste of lecho in the Philippines guys, so ladies and gentlemen So says I do travel videos around the Philippines if you don't know me and if you are new here You want to stay tuned for all of my travels world vlogs and everything from the Philippines make sure to smash that subscribe But stay tuned and welcome to a brand new vlog. Let's go explore Carcassity and try the native lecho here. Let's go guys All right, first thing let's show you Cheechai rooms Hi, how are you? How are you guys? All right, so Free to try? Yeah, okay. Oh, it's hot. This is really hot Look here guys Cheechai rooms Wow I This is going to be the most exciting vlog ever the most interesting vlog ever guys The Cheechai rooms are just egg is very good. It's really really good. I like it and you know I haven't tried the spicy one But they have spicy Cheechai rooms. We're gonna try that too Yeah, you're trying the T-chirons I want to see how you make how you package the Cheech irons So that's how they package the Cheech irons here. Wow Oh Oh my god, and how much you say one of this one One one one one 40 250 oh 250 pesos guys for all of these ones. Yeah We have another vlog right here Hi All right Are you speaking Bessias? Yes, are you are you Bessias? Yeah Hello my name is success. I'm from Africa and I'm a vlogger too. Yeah, my vlog is travel with success Oh, YouTube and Facebook Wow, it's very hot like your hands. Is it okay for your hands? Yeah, how long you been doing this? How long how many years? So how many years no you how many years you've been working here? 10 years wow what can you tell me about the lateral in skin? Faka The lateral and the Cheech irons what can you tell me about the lateral and Cheech irons in Faka Are you buying all of this? Half kilo Yeah, where are you from? I'm from here. Kaka. Yes. Are you sure? Yeah, I'm so you really enjoy I want to live here with you because I want to eat this every day So what's your blog? What's the name by the way? My name is Maria Maria Maria Maria Yeah, okay Maria. Yeah, I don't know how to pronounce it that way like the Spanish way, okay? What can you tell me about the native lateral in Kaka? God, what can you tell me about the native lateral and the Cheech irons in Kaka? To be honest, I don't know exactly the history of Cheech irons All right, but one thing I can assure you that this is the best that we have in Sebu Yeah, especially in Kaka. Is it the best? Is it also the best in the Philippines? I can say so confidently. I can say Yeah, that's I love I love it. So your English is really good. Thank you. Yeah, you know, you're from this place. Yes, nice meeting you Do you have a vlog? No, I don't you don't have a vlog you don't do YouTube? No Facebook. I don't have a YouTube channel You have a YouTube channel. What's a YouTube channel? I'll let you know later. Oh, you don't want to say it here? Not yet. All right, all right. All right. That's my name Maria Brawl on YouTube guys. All right. Like and subscribe Yes, show me your YouTube page. It's okay. All right. So guys, let's talk back to the workers. How are you? Okay, what is your name? Sorry Glenda nice me to you. How do you like the work here? How do you like this work? Oh my god We also have a problem with English right now guys. Yeah, that's a problem To come in here with the people Are you are you about you Hi my friend. How are you? All right guys. So there are a lot of literal or teacher room shops. Yeah, don't help me speak. They are Do you have spicy teacher rooms? Okay, this is walk around a little bit All right nice to meet you nice to meet you. I'm success. So it's It's freaking interesting here right now and We will walk around a little bit show you around. So I think I'm gonna do a little bit of POV and show you the very Teacher room shops. Yeah. Hello. Do you remember me? Yes You remember me right? Yeah, I got a little bit of desire daughter Do you still remember me? Yeah Are you sure I because I got a teacher room from someone here before was I you Mean right with one of my friends. How are you doing? Oh, come on start That teacher one you want me to try? Yes. All right So we're here. It's okay guys. I want to try you guys a secret. So we have a lot of shops here I'm gonna be trying the the teacher room to one one after the other until we finish all of the shopping I'm gonna be full All right, there's my old customer here. Let's try the teacher room. Oh, I tried You don't have spicy yeah, I would try this presently we tried Oh It's freaking good guys So we we are working smart right now, but don't worry guys. We're gonna go to the literal We're gonna do the leisure but first let's try the teacher teacher rooms. Let's read the drive Anyway, we already bought for them Still be happy right now we bought teacher rooms. So before you got George me. We already bought really pictures The people here in Kata, but let's try both teacher room Wow It's really really good like the one I bought last time was it was so good. I love the spicy why you don't give me spicy Oh, you gonna miss spicy now? All right This is my customer here. I always come to home when I come to wow Look at this guys. That's that's spicy one wow Spicy spicy chicken Yeah There's a freaking spicy very spicy I'm trying guys Look at my eyes. I'm trying Spicy spicy word spicy word they call it celi celico celico celico celico Celico because it's spicy. No, that's a word for spicy celico. Okay. What's that language? Is it? Try another one Oh, the chili no no no no no no no no no no no no no no this one is too spicy for me No, I can't I can't I'm sorry Oh, this one is a chili colic on a little. I eat it. No Let's go to the legend. Yeah, let's go to the legend. Yeah, that's where I started right now. We are hungry And I'm full. I'm full with chicharro. So now let's go to the later Yeah, let's go to the nature Yeah, I just ate sandwich this morning for breakfast Well, anyways ladies and gentlemen, if you don't know what is later in the Philippines So the show is actually on native food here for the people Uh in the Philippines. There's actually something that people really really love. Let's go to the store All right, so we are going to the later show where I ate the legend before Let's go and check out the legend right there Wow, well, I'm already getting full man Yeah, I'm already getting full. All right, well before we go to the legend shop here. I was just sure you around here, so you see a lot of legend shops here We have this one right here. Hello Wow Look at this right here. Look so tasty and yummy Hey Hello, yeah Hi Oh, they have beef also what's in the pot? What's in the pot? Is a soup Beef oh, they also sell beef here. I thought just leachum All right, so do you guys recommend me trying the leachum? Oh Is I love it Oh famous for leachum. Oh, I'm happy to be here and you know, I love eating so far. I'm gonna eat Yeah Look at this later right here. Look, it looks really tasty now. I just want to eat more All right, but I see this here a lot of food here. I thought we just gonna see leachum here But this here a lot of teens here Look here we have fish right here This is like a kareen deer rat. I thought it's just leachum, bro. You sell so many teens Yeah, tell me about the food. Tell me What's that? See this all up See this all In Tagalog This one right here What about this? Humba Yes sir Did you cook it? I eat a mohuko dish I eat a mohuko dish Yeah, you eat it with a mohuko Sibuano Sibuano What did you eat with a mohuko dish? What did you eat with a mohuko dish? This is Sibu so I'm going to be going to the next one Ah okay Yeah, I'll be going to the next one Yeah, that's a little bit That's a sponsor Minundo Sorry? Minundo Minundo How much do you sell the music? How much do you sell? The train sir, 60 pesos to Nexon 600 pesos 600 pesos for 1 kilo Half kilo how much? 300 There was a place I came to before I want to go there first to check If I come back here to try the leachon Let's walk around and check around Let's walk around and check around Hello my friend How are you? I'm fine How about you? That's my friend Where's the guy here making the leachon? Sir guys, I'm back here Let me go see how it's my friend Hello How are you? Do you remember me? Yes Let's go to the 3 pm 3 pm I cannot wait for 3 pm Let me see my friend Hey, Amigo Amigo How are you? You are so rich right now It's my best friend Bye bye How are you? Ok, fine. What? What does no leachon? I'm coming here today. Why did you do so? Two out No, three here Do you have a leachon? I have a leachon. Come over there This is my friend right here Look at my friend That's my house Where? You never told me to your house Yes, look And then my cooking leachon over there Where? Yes, cooking leachon now Ok, never mind. Go Ok, now wait, I'll take cooking leachon then now I'll take cooking leachon now Let's go and see how they cook the leachon Let's go guys Let's go and see how they cook the leachon Thank you Yeah, leachon house We are going to the leachon house Guys, I told you this video was going to be so amazing So the people here know us, we already You're going in the leachon house Yeah, we're going there Let's go Alright, ladies and gentlemen So we just arrived at where they make the leachon Look here guys So we are here with the leachon Smells so good guys Look at this, look at this guys Wow Look at this right here Take it like this to the shop Is that how you carry the leachon? Yes, sir, yes How much for this one? How much the entire leachon? How much? Is it heavy? How many kilos? How many kilos? 15,000 15,000 So if you want to buy this entire leachon right here You need to pay 15,000 guys If you pay 15,000 pesos You get all of this 16,000,000 Wow Winky, good, done So they are there Yeah, totally Yeah, they have to have to have to have But later we go there we eat Let's see how they make the leachon So ladies and gentlemen Basically we came here to actually see how The people prepared the leachon here in Kaka So the owner allowed us to come here to see and witness The making or the cooking of the leachon It's actually roasting Because I'm seeing the leachon there We're going to see that little Alright, you guys can go down and know it's heavy You can go now Thank you, thank you This is it, okay? Bye bye leachon Bye, the leachon is going to be very bad Let's go, we still got leachon here Hey, my friends How are you, man? Are you the one responsible for roasting the leachon? Yeah, how many hours do you take to roast one leachon? How many hours? Three hours, one leachon Three hours to roast one leachon One leachon, one leachon Wow, I don't know like today How many leachon you go so today? Yo, I want to do that, my friend Look here So that's the leachon? What? It's really hot! Yeah, very hot I hope my camera out on Wow, look at the leachon guys But before we see the one roasting Look here, these guys are always here And they are looking at their friends Just here, with the see their friends getting roasted So these are the leachon Wow, it smells really, really bad Oh my god, look here Sorry guys, sorry, sorry I know what you guys are doing I know what you guys are doing Sorry, sorry, I know what you guys have to go to But we got to eat, man Oh, these ones are very big These ones are really big Hey, my friend Wow So today we are actually in the real leachon Capito bro Yeah, how is it, man? How's it experience for you? I live in Sibu but I never been to Places where they cook lechon Oh really? It's the first time Don't worry, come on I'm so out I was scared Okay Alright, so if we show you I am roasting or lecturing the Philippines Good luck to you, Shilai Tender Like this? Like this Look at that guys Mary go over her own Yeah We will We will How do you know that? It's okay How do you know when it's okay I know I know Three hours Two hours When it's ready Ready? Yeah, ready to eat Alright guys, so this is also a part of practice In the culture here in the Philippines Yeah, the leachon, roasting of lechon And yeah, I'm excited to have this experience in the Philippines So this is the Viterran Littoners in Gargar Oh, that's the one? That's the one? The Viterran No, no The better? Bro, you are becoming a leachon master Yeah, a master leachon Yeah, master leachon I'm going to do it the right way What's that? How are you my friend? Welcome to our leachon Manufacturing No need to go to the gym bro, once you do No need to go to the gym The chakol is very, very hot Yeah, very hot Just imagine if you put it in the spire Bro, you're going to be like a leachon Alright, quick enough Yeah, okay Okay, stop Just stand up and put your feet there It's very hot Yeah, very hot So how many leachon so far you cook like every day? Everyday Today Maybe 20 leachon per day 10 9 pm Close 9 pm Wow, 20 leachon per day The one that was sent there We cook almost 20 to 40 30 to 40 The one that was sent there right now How long is it going to last there? Maybe less than one hour? No Two hours Two hours then that's going to finish And then you need to carry this Carry another one Yes Wow So you just get it from there And then carry this And cook the leachon How many years you guys been doing this already? Almost 20 years 20 years Wow Is it a very good business? The one on the road Your uncle with the chain Oh yeah That's my friend Did you see my first vlog? I do vlog there before Did you see it? Yeah, leachon That's my friend I came back because it's so good I want to eat it again It's actually nice to see you guys How you guys make the leachon I'm really happy to be apart to see it So guys I'm really happy to have this experience to be here And see how to make the leachon And I also did some that I'm sweating right now It's freaking hot It's not something easy It's really a very hot work We have a dog place like this They have a dog place like this We eat it yeah We eat the dogs Also some places Yeah the e-dogs For me not some places Everywhere in my country the e-dogs You gotta do it in a secret I see everything My place is here All right ladies and gentlemen We are starving and steeping Let's go and try the leachon Right now we are going to eat the leachon So it's time for business And the business is to go and eat leachon guys So we are on our way back Perfect leachon Before we go back I want to show them something The guy who's always laughing in the leachon video This guy is a rich guy He's one of these business But if you see he's very simple But he's a rich guy I'm going to show you his house right now Yeah that's the wife Hi mom Look at his house right here Beautiful house Beautiful house from the leachon business And he's always laughing Travel with success Travel with success Yeah Steeping banana My friend This house is so beautiful man Yeah so this is the house of the owner Of the leachon shop The guy who's laughing every time in the video Having the chin on his neck This is his house right here And he has this beautiful rice field Right before his house So beautiful man Okay let's go Alright guys let's get Filipinos So to go back We are going back to the leachon shop right now We are in this van right here Yeah that's the car We are actually in the leachon car So this is the car they used to transport the leachon Yeah it's stock Yeah can you see the leachon stick is there Yeah They want to use the bamboo Woo hoo Let's go Oh my god Yeah what Oh oh oh See like Steven need to get down I want to do it I'm doing every breath Yeah I can do the boss move to a park right Wooo Yeah I'm good I'm good I'm good guys Oh I feel weird I feel like a vlogger's girl We are really spending a long Woo hoo Welcome to Pat Nassel in front of the leachon car We are basically a literally even leachon We are ready What can you say about this? I'm sorry I'm sorry All right ladies and gentlemen So finally we have the leachon Yeah and guys make sure if you come to Sibu Or you come to Kaka Make sure to come to this shop right here Because they are my family here Yeah If you want to order a leachon Let's see And one thing I love about this shop Woo girls I said no leachon Woo hoo Try I love to try We started trying leachon already Wow So crispy Let's just get on Listen to me You'll be I thought you met us at the ears I thought you met us at the ears Let me go That's a leachon right here I want to just let me go Thank you Wow So crispy Just let me go Just let me go Just let me go I want to just let me go Thank you Wow So crispy Just let me go I love to sit Wow It's good What's wrong? I love to sit Wow It's good What's wrong? Do you recommend us eating 1 kilo or 1 kilo 1 kilo I don't eat it I don't eat it I like it Are you ready to eat? Yeah bro Are you ready to eat? I'm ready Are you ready to eat? So you see my size 1 kilo Just see my size 1 kilo Okay guys so 1 kilo I should have cost about 600 pesos In fact so we're going to get 1 kilo of leach Of all these Fusso I'm going to get 1 kilo of leach It's already too much Too much No rice No we get rice Too rice Just too rice How about you So let's look at the people We eat 200 How do we get 300? From our From our One kilo... One kilo to ask Find T哪裡 For the money To want to demand Even if only else Ok we Probable So what do you recommend? On the coin? Yes. I'm like my local food. Maybe the thing is, what can I do? I know that. You say one kilo. You say one kilo? One kilo or half? Three. One kilo, one kilo, one kilo. All right. There's one more of this. Is it one kilo? Yes. One kilo. Three. One kilo, that's it. I want to keep it as a whole. How long have you been serving like this? Seven minutes on here. How long? How long? How long? I know her. Your face looks new. It's from the other hand. Ah, okay. How many years you've been working? Eight years. Eight years? Seven years. Okay, yes. Seven years. Seven years. One thing is two words. We're going to hit all of them. We're going to take out if it is two words. All right. Do you want to say about a half kilo? What do you think? Half kilo. Do you want? I think this one is not the same. How much? This is not four. How much? Four fifty. Four fifty? All right. Then we'll get this. Oh, this is too much already. Yeah, this is too much. That's why we're still having it. We get that. Yeah. You want that? You want it? Yeah. So one kilo is too much. Well, we get four fifty pesos. Yeah. Two hundred and two. Two hundred and two. We can finish. All right, guys. So we're about to eat the last one. One kilo of. I don't know. It's not one kilo of four hundred and fifty pesos of one more. They're strong. And. Where's the other? Yeah. What's that? The sauce? The sauce. What's the other? The other one. The other one. The other one. The other one. The other one. The later one. Yeah. We are about to eat the later one in cracker with my best friend right here. So this is the one of this place. That's his house. You saw right there? Yeah. I'm so proud of you, man. Okay. I'm so proud of you. Yeah. Yeah. One hundred and three. Yeah. It's so big. It's so big and beautiful. And we have this rice. It's called puso. Puso rice. I'm a bad guy. We're going to try the rice and the later one, guys. And as always, I'm excited to share this experience with all of you guys on this vlog. So here we have this legion right here. And let's go. Like one foot of each one here. So I got my bro here. Success. Yeah. I'm excited, man. I'm really, really excited for this. Yeah, that's some sauce over there. What are you there? Yeah. I think this was this. My friend was this vinegar? Yeah, vinegar. Vinegar. Vinegar. All right. Yeah. Yeah. This is actually a clue, place here in Karkat, Kapanen. Puso rice, right? Puso rice. That's the only family in here. This is the rice here. Yeah. In Pienji, we just call it basket rice. Basket rice? Yeah. We have this in Pienji also. Oh, really? Yeah. All right. But we don't do it often. All right. Ladies and gentlemen, so first thing we got to do is I'm going to wash my ass because I'm going to use my ass in this. But there's so many chicken here. The chicken. All right. So, gentlemen, so we are here right now on the table and look at this leach on right here. We about to have right here. Oh, my God. Yeah. It smells so good. So, I'm not sure if I can just film the entire show, but let me show you here. This is actually the skin of the leach on it. No, that is the skin. That's the meat on the leach on it. And this is the skin right here. It's crispy. Yeah. But first thing we're going to do is to try this right here to show you guys. So, we have this right here. It's actually to give the leach on a better flavor or taste. So, we have vinegar and spicy, spicy vinegar here and soy sauce in it. So, it's mixed. So, you dip the leach on in here. You basically dip the leach on in here like this. Yeah. To give it that real taste, you know. Oh. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. I'm going to go. I was just joking. It's freaking good. It's freaking good, God. Oh. Okay. Every time I eat, I close my eyes and the food is good. Another thing we're going to try later is the puso, right? Puso. So, this is actually alright in here. Let me just see it a little bit. So seeing it is actually a rice and you just eat it again Actually, how they do it is they take the whole thing out Oh everything Everything and you just cut it into pieces They used to cut it into like this they cut it into half and just hold the one pieces and drop it out Yeah, yeah Can I also put the rice in here? There's some Who guys? So my friends holding the camera I'm gonna eat. See you later Yes But let's eat now guys Let's see you guys later It's always happy Yeah, but how is it bro? Wow, I heard the sound I heard the sound of that Bro, you have to try it It tastes so good I heard the sound Look at this right here, that's the skin Oh, I'm done I wonder if they got it so crunchy Fishbeam Wow, I can hear the sound It's like this one Oh, there's another one here Can you hear that sound guys? One more time Wow Oh my god, just eat, just eat Just eat bro Got it, yeah I hope you're gonna have an amazing experience, man Yeah I mean, I'm having a blast from far back Thank you for this Thank you Your welcome, bro I'm eating but I still want to document every thing for you guys Everything, so look here, I'm eating with my hands Eating with my hands, get some rice And put the legion in here I'm here to make you guys hungry And this vlog is gonna be raw Raw vlogs to make you guys really hungry Yeah You have something like this in Africa Yeah, we have this We have this but not in this style In a different style So guys, I'm officially off in the middle Look at this Can you see our mooncript? Good Look at this Look at this right here Look at this right here Look at this right here, look at this. Look at this. Enjoy the meal, okay? Enjoy the meal. I'm enjoying it. I'm making love with those. I hit on them. So I love to eat it with the rice. Look here. Look here, guys. So I love to eat it with the rice. Completely wrong vlog coming to you guys. Wow. Guys, who is in Kaka? You want to join us? Come join us, man. Come on. Come on. Come on. Yo, bro. Come on, go, man. Go. I'm enjoying the lunch on here. Look how juicy this is. Look how juicy this is. With the very guy in the sauce. This is like a typical cooking oil. Guys, look at them. So good, bro. My song is very good. It's a good song copyrighted part of my song. Can we train the machine? That was cool, bro. Very good. That was great. Yes the machine. You'll seestairs. I don't listen to the city when I try it. It's too salty. How shall we go? We love you so much. How can I afford to live here? Which place do you belong to? I'm almost full. I'm full but not yet. Alright guys, so we are both full right now. I did not finish the race. I did not finish the race yet. And look here. I'm so full but we are both full. There's a lot of the Philippines. We didn't expect the Philippines. We didn't expect this in the Philippines. So this is the tournament. So that's it for the later on me. I can eat anymore. I can't. I'm really really full right now. I'm not sure if they're going to take this out. We just leave it with them or whatever. Yeah, it was really amazing trying to learn the latest from me. Look here. So we've got a lot of them here guys. And I don't know if there are some people out there who wants to eat. Like those people we saw. Let's just give it to them. Yeah, let's just give it to people who want to eat. Or we'll tell them to give it to the people who want to eat. All right ladies and gentlemen. It has been an amazing day here in Krakow. So we just had a lateon ride because there. But now we are about to head back to Sibu City guys. And it's going to be a huge traffic. So we want to make our way back to Sibu right now. And it was an amazing day trying to let you on here. If you come to Sibu, make sure to go check out Kaka. And check out the lateon right here. Parents, native Lichon. I'm going to tell you a minute right from Sibu City. Yeah. So make sure to check out parents, native Lichon, and eat to read that's a place right across there. And make sure to buy from them. They are very good. And the Lichon was very delicious. We had so much fun with them. And to my poor here at Stevie. I want to say thanks for coming along with me. Yeah. So he's from Papua New Guinea. And we tried the Lichon together. I asked African and someone from Papua New Guinea. We tried the Lichon together. It was amazing. And as always, it was a success. Thanks for supporting the blog. And just before you go, if you were new here, make sure to smash that subscribe button for your post success. And I hope to see you guys here the next one. And don't forget to like the video. Share the video, comment down below. Hit that super thanks for your post success with my channel too. And make sure to check out his channel Stevie, Balamo. Yeah, he got my YouTube channel. Make sure to check in high and support me. It's so nice to check here out. Support him. And let's go to Sibu. Yeah. All right. Let's go to Sibu. Peace and see you guys here the next one.