 Hey guys, welcome to our YouTube channel for the Info Minute Life with Leah and today's video I am back with me has been Gary. We have a new topic to talk about The truth about dating a foreigner the bad in good last conversation we did it was The truth about dating a Filipino and we're gonna twist it. We're gonna talk about foreigners. So Are you ready? Let's get started then Alright, so the last conversation we did it seems like a popular topic we get some good views with that videos I was popular talking about dating a Filipino. Yeah, I was popular talking about the good and bad for a foreigner I don't know. Yeah, so this is more for the Filipinas, right? Yeah, and so I said why not twist it and talk about foreigners It is quite hard, you know, it's quite hard But it's easier to feel peanut to look what's good in bad to the foreigners is quite hard because everyone has their own Reason why they come here in the Philippines. So we're gonna talk about the good first good Right, you're gonna start you're gonna bring out some good things. Yeah, and general good things You're not gonna just talk about the good things that you know about me right? Yeah, of course, generally things you know some other people I have lots of Filipino friends are with the foreigners So I read my some research so we're generalizing we're saying that some of these good points and bad points that we'll discuss Apply to the majority not not everyone Of course, so if you're watching this and you said well, that's not me. I'm not like that You know, maybe not but we're talking about what we think as a majority. Yeah, true. So the first good thing About dating a foreigner I'm like the foreigners that are coming here Actually let it to look for a serious relationship, you know those foreigners that genuinely wanted a relationship with the Filipino so yes, I said that's one of good thing in my list What do you think about that though? I mean if they're coming here to Find a serious relationship And that's a good thing, but what how is that how's that good for the Filipina? Well because they're really genuine Okay, so genuine okay, yeah, yeah genuine and There were most of them actually treat their Filipino right Yeah, because you know, they move that's why they move in here to have a good wife. So they it's a good much So so what you're saying is that the Philippines looking so the phone is looking for a serious relationship Well, why come here? They usually really Uh Intending on treating the girl like a queen and and being very genuine with them. Yeah, okay So that's a good much, you know, Filipino will cheat them like a king as well So you know, it's a win-win-win the second good thing about I was thinking about it because in general and I do have let's a Filipino friends and we also have this kind of conversation about it Our foreigners are more like Manly harder hard money like manly are you know, you said yeah like you can trust to lead the family. They are Like they are more dominate because we Filipinas we love to be with someone that we can trust And to dominate us, you know to lead our family. So I think it's a good thing for me. It is yeah, mm-hmm Okay, see like a dominant man. Yeah, like well You like a man you like a man to be a man to be in like like we've talked about before like to be the leader Yeah, to protect me and my family So in general really foreigners are you know, money Hi, I don't feel Venus likes it I'm sure there's a lot of foreigners sick. Yeah, I like that. I'm manly. Yeah, so Okay, so that's a good thing. Mm-hmm. Yeah Yeah, so what else I actually have put it down. So I won't forget any of No, you must have forgotten because you're looking at your list now Okay, so foreigners are actually willing to accept single mothers. Yeah, yeah Yeah, that's that's important for a lot of Filipinas because there's a lot of single moms out here and so often the the the Filipino man Uh Just doesn't want to take that responsibility. Yeah, and we know many well, it's very very common One of the it's it's it's very common yet a foreigner coming out here looking for love or relationships that if they find a a woman has a child In a lot of cases a majority of case. I think they'll accept that. They're okay with that And they will take on the child and love them as their own Yeah, really I really threw because I have a lot of friends that I went forner their single mom and in the foreigners actually treat the kids like his own and Even support the child as well. Yeah, so I think that's a good thing in you know For I'm just I'm I bring this up because uh Filipino are not in two single moms Yeah, I already mentioned this in my previous video the event like Regenity is modern to them. Yeah, if foreigners are not like that they respect you whatever your background is You will accept you fully. So I think yeah, that's one and I'm just gonna say the reason as well The Filipino man it in so many cases because they don't exercise birth control here They they they get the the girlfriend pregnant, but it wasn't intentional So myself so it's that's it's not not that uh They're just not loving people or whatever they just weren't planning on and they're not ready to take on that financial responsibility and It's easier for them to run away. Yeah, yeah, I actually talk about it in my You know one of my video previous video why there's a lot of single mothers and the Philippines Yeah, I agree with you, you know, they don't bother to use any You know what they'll call that for family planning like those control There's control. They don't do that here. I hopefully in the future in the old year They would learn how to do that because it's just not good. It gets well suffer Right, so Anyways, let's move into the next good thing Okay Yeah, foreigners are more responsible like they always think about tomorrow like even even it comes to money. They are really have a budget like you know They really do and even it comes to have a baby like if they said they're gonna have only two kids and they will really take responsibility for that Right In general foreigners or westerners are a lot more forward thinking than Asians That I've experienced in other Asian countries too. They just tend to not look too far ahead sometimes. I don't think of the consequences often of their actions When you make this issue and that's really like you know, you really think about it So that's a good thing. That means responsible Yeah, so Okay Uh another thing is uh foreigners are very protective. Well, should I say over protective there? It's my husband I am overprotective with kids when it comes to your kids. Yeah, he is really and I do not apologize for that I think it's uh, I would rather be over protective than than not protective of a laugh of course. Yeah, and it is For me as a folkina it is also good for me because so I can improve You know being a parent It is I learned something you know like it's really big difference the parenting as Asian. It is very different Yeah, yeah, and I want to go back I say over protective compare with a A phillopean family whatever I am extremely over protective, but I don't even consider it being over protective I think it's just common sense. I mean, it's like you know, you know one of my things that bothers me out here It's the little kids you see just running around in the streets without a adult or a parent's inside I mean, I saw one the other day coming down the street. I mean the kid must have been small and greasy Yeah, I'm serious and I think it was with his older brother who must have been for maybe and and they were literally just running around the street there and It's just it's just blows my mind. I'm sorry. I can't stand that it's it drives me nuts. I think it's yet yet They seem to instinctively know what not to do out here because you don't hear them getting run over to my I guess it happens occasionally, but He generally seems to know not to run into Still I wouldn't want to risk it. I couldn't I couldn't be in our house knowing my children and running around outside in the street I know they're just not advanced when it comes to thinking yeah, that's what I learned from Gary Always because well not only would that not happen in USA. It's not legal in the USA Yeah, the other day, you know when I want to have the kids even driving like a little bike, you know what greasy has In the street, I mean there's a lot of you even scared of me walking in the street because there's a lot of driver like and you know Anyway stick is a topic Okay, so last good thing They're very last thing. That's a good That's a lot of budget No, that's good. They're still bad. There's more budget just kidding. That's you're just excited to get to the bed Yeah, it's more fun to talk about the better. Yeah Forners are very straightforward Do you agree? I mean you are you mean yeah, they say what they mean yeah like little You know, lunch. Yeah, I certainly am. Mm-hmm. I know someone that She's dating a foreigner and she was really hurt because the foreigner told actually Told her that I don't like you because you know, you know, we look so they're really good. She's just and she's ugly I don't want to say that word. No, I said what you said. Yeah Because of that looks yeah, yeah, so you know Because in Asia we care what we say to other people We tend to maybe ghost them instead of saying that things to them So foreigners are really straightforward like Gary. Well if I Co-kay, my I remember and you know the past I co-kay and my meal and if it doesn't like it will actually tell me That he doesn't like food So for me I take it as a good thing because you know when I did that like he doesn't like the food I would do my best to improve it and as I don't do it to be mean or not Generally you do you cook really really well But very occasionally or come up with a dish that just Isn't to my liking and the reason I will tell you straight up honey I really don't like this meal today much is because I don't want You to make it again for me and if I if I'm just polite and I oh, thank you honey. Thanks for dinner You know, you might be thinking oh, I'll make that one again Yeah, so if I'm honest and I tell you Honey, I'm sorry. I just didn't like this today you you know, it's not to be mean, but you know Ah, let me scratch that one from my menu and I won't cook that one again for you I like the reason I mean that's a reasonable. I mean that's true It's really true that first of course it hurts my feelings, but I realize when you explain to me I had a temple for a few minutes back there But after that I really really I mean that's that's true. So I think being honest You know obviously there's sometimes you got to be a little sensitive with your honesty I mean actually you don't want to hurt people's feelings. Yeah, you know, so you just got a In in a way be honest that's um is gentle and And not too helpful, but honesty is good. Yeah, so anyways, that's The less maybe we forgot something but you can share that you thought in the comments section There's there's many other things. I mean that a good. I mean, born as a generally generally generous You know because I think they just well he often have more money than the Philippines have so of course Yeah, oh, yeah, that's a good thing as well. Yeah, so you know, that is good things Okay, go on. I know you're dying to share some of your thoughts about it as well And now we're gonna move into the bad things I really okay, so one bad thing only one thing First the first one okay, I thought you I thought you really came out one thing No, that's the first bad thing about dating of foreigners like dating the The foreigners that actually Don't have intention to have a real relationship like just you mean the one side is just looking for sex We I'm just saying that's just there's been all this right Straight for what that's exactly what you're saying with straight to the point yeah, all right I mean, uh, that's that's that's true right? It's true. There are some I'm gonna play that's true that there are some foreigners actually come in here just to have fun Right that's yeah, right and and a few years ago I would have been kind of like there's nothing wrong with that you know, but that's because I wasn't I wasn't living a Christian life back then and I was lost and um So I was I was one of those bad people and you know, I changed my lands and I changed my life So now I can say that I think it's a bad thing and you know, I understand that like foreigners that are new in the country They actually don't realize how famous they are in the Asian like Women yeah, they are famous here even women are the one to introduce themselves to foreigners because they like white men They're like big term Yeah, they like big leg tall All right, that's not going to be a very subject Yeah, so You know foreigners like they put them their mind that oh they can get like Street or more girls, right? So that's actually affect them right yeah We were talking about this other day actually and a lot of our farmers When the foreigner comes out here she said the girls are very Open to the to the foreigner very flirtatious with the woman. Yeah, very straightforward with them as well about their intentions and They often will make the foreigner feel quite special and We were talking the other day about how how when I first came here is like everywhere when the girls are constantly telling you You know hello sexy man and wow, you're so handsome. Give me kids have you encountered that? Well, I didn't get that you made me I I've made many many many things. Yeah, but um, you know when you knew here and you're hearing people constantly telling you Wow, they really think I'm handsome and you know Ultimately start looking in the mirror a little bit thinking you know, you know, I don't look so bad You know, but then then then you'll notice that they're saying it to everyone yeah, and then even even guys that are really quite gross Yeah, so They're telling you may sexy man your handsome and you You realize well, maybe it's not actually reality. Yeah, it's a fantasy Fantasy and then some people you know like you before you will realize that that's not the life you wanted to have You know, you want lifetime you want the wife that would actually cares for you So, you know sooner or later. Yeah, those people those foreigner Those foreigners are actually, you know sooner or later they will realize that that's not the life Should be so Anyway, that's the first one that's a long one. Yeah, I know Okay, for Okay, so I guess this is really general that didn't realize That foreigners are not patients generalizing. Yeah, they're not patients. Yeah, no, they're not and I'm not I I confess to that so I'm extremely impatient over here as as a lot of foreigners that I know everywhere I've been in it. I've been here over 10 years and Definitely the majority of foreigners over here lack patients Yeah, because of the organizers in here in the Philippines is not what's a different culture and and Thing things they do over here the way they do things over here can be frustrating But again, we have to recognize we're in another country. It's not our country And you know, we shouldn't come over here trying to expect them to act like they would in our country Even though it is frustrating because what we used to have to put up with you have to you have to just respect where you're at and put up with it And I try but I don't always do a good job with that I get very frustrated driving especially driving and getting in line in groceries Oh But you used to it You know, it just doesn't take that yeah, I'll look even here in 10 years. So yeah, I'm coming here more 10 years Yeah, so anyways That's one I just the second but this just patient normal patient include being bad tempered or is that another no? That's another topic, but you know Like I don't know is it Just me like I feel like Gary is always like you know rushing Yeah, yeah, like every time I get ready because now you know I'm always I'm because that because Philippines don't Value time like If you have a appointment to go somewhere or meet someone I feel the beans are so labor whenever you know you tell them a time and they don't really stick by it If I tell somebody I want to meet them at this time, you know I get frustrated. We're not gonna be there on a relate. I'm gonna get really I think we're about I want to be there when we say we'll be there And so that that's also a good thing for me as a fellow peanut dating a foreigner because it's actually a good thing that Always on time that's it's like, I know I copy also Yeah, I becoming Like that too because I realize it's disrespectful. Yeah, so But I'm still getting used to it, you know, especially when we go somewhere. I'm trying to get ready, you know Or when you're doing you're doing quite well. Yeah, keep it up Yeah, okay, so another bad thing about foreigner is they are loud Yeah, they all yeah, I mean I don't know maybe because they're just big they have a loud voice, but For us Filipinas Filipino people we don't like loud. It's especially if too many people like we are in public and you're gonna Tone your voice loud. It is disrespectful And if they're allowed and if they're having a disagreement, I'm guilty of this too with their wife or girlfriend They can be louder in public because they're not really, you know Thinking that other people might be listening and they yeah, I mean I do and I'm angry or frustrated I'm just not aware of people around me. Yeah, where's your I know in the first I think the first few years that were together it was actually affecting me because you know I don't we Filipinas we don't like because we We care about what other people say about us and use what if here in the Philippines if you're fighting people will Lessons of you. It's not like in maybe in your country. They will not care But here Filipinos will care. They won't even you know stay there in what you so I think that's one thing It's a bad thing. It is a bad thing and can I add is another bad thing which I don't know if you go on your list But you know and I know because I don't maybe I was a guilty of this a little bit as well in the past. I wasn't intentional but I often Experience seeing foreigners looking down on Filipinas a little bit and and kind of Well, and even the Philippines are aware of this reason. Oh, they they they they they they're where some Yeah, the foreigners they think we're below them Sometimes and and I'm sorry about you know, I'm sure there's a lot of people saying no I'm not that way and you may not be but there are some people no it's more than some I said It's more than more than half It they have and I think what it is is we are more educated in the West for sure Right we just like we have more experience. Yeah, and so we come here thinking that makes us more intelligent Or better than the Philippines and and that's just not the case and You know just because you have a better education doesn't make you more intelligent. Yeah, true Then then I mean look at you you'll wait more intelligent. I know more than you but you're more intelligent than me Well, I think so. We certainly not less. We're we're very equal. Yeah, you know, I don't I don't I don't look down on anybody No, you're doing you know, great. There are some The songs I mean I even witnessed it like you know like Philippine or waiter like do something bad. You know, even yell. I mean, it's not good. Yeah Yeah, I mean, I've had my moments too But you know, I can see that you're trying a lesson not to lose your loud or patience Right, right, but that is that is a bad thing that I notice anyway that that I think Foreigners are guilty of yeah, even there with towards their girlfriend or wife. They even do that. Yeah Yeah, yeah, there's some like that So that's one the things for bringing that up. That's true So yeah, I think this is the last one We better make it the last bad temper I'm talking about you. What you know, there's a lot of So you say the majority of yeah, it was a bad or have they lost their temper easy. Okay, so no necessarily always they have a bad temper But you're saying that in general they'll lose their temper easier than a philippina. Yeah Yeah, I agree. I agree And some are much worse than others of course, some really bad temper You know And again, I'm you know, I'm making myself look bad now, but I have a bad temper Yeah, and I don't like it but I do lose my temper I actually improve you improve that every day is growing every days of growth and uh I remember the first few years we spent together you were worse. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and I used to be A few years in voimate. I was quite Horrible not proud of who I was and the way I was That's good because every day we grow so Want that's it trying to prove ourselves and that's that's what our focus is now so Um, yeah, there's a long list of bad stuff, isn't that? Yeah, and that's it, but there's good stuff too There's good and bad of course, there's always going to be there snow on perfect So and of course, uh, everybody's got an opinion These are kind of not just opinions you could do some research on it too So there are other people's opinions as well, but um Please give us your opinions. I mean, share are we wrong on anything we've said or do you have um other things that you can share Yeah, they're good or bad about Filipinas dating a fauna Please comment in a comment section share your opinion or thoughts Anyway, thank you honey for being with me in this topic. It's a good conversation. It's like I can't believe We've been talking to the 25 minutes already. Yeah, I know Thank you guys for Being with us still at the end and I'll see you in our next video. Bye. Thank you. Bye