оже N YouTube I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. 3,2,1, go. Good morning guys! Welcome to another daily juice. We're here in Iloilo City and we are trying out this place. A lot of you have recommended that we come here and try the famous Baccroy. Which is a noodle super brake sight here. Apparently this is the best in town. So, in Alien Micah here, Loose is here, we're going to go in here. Order and see what we think of this faintly broken glass. So, it's very scary because and see what we think of this famous dish. Hungry guys? Super hungry. Super hungry. I like that. Mega, mega hungry. Mega hyper hungry. Oh, people? Hi. Oh, it smells nice in there. Yeah, it smells really good. Smelling. Smelling a strong smell of garlic already. It's always good. We're all very, very hungry. So when you start the batoy on the internet, the hazmarket comes up as a place to get it. And that's when we are today. It's a noodle soup that uses something a Mickey, which is some round noodles. And then there's pork organs in it, so like liver, heart, kidneys and things, and so on. And I think they put pork crackling on top of it as well as some crunch. So we're going to order some of that now. I'm not sure what else they do. I think that's their speciality. Yeah. Cheap as well. The super special is 90 pesos. And there's other specialities on here. Ling Gaga. A rose cow. They're not for sure what these are. I think the main thing is to try those batoy. We are very hungry. And we've just had some coffee from mangoes. And it was extremely strong to all kind of high frizz as well. So I've wanted to do some advanced videos very far today. But we're hungry and we're excited to be here. They have a future and make the house. Would that be fine? They're following you. Right. OK. Sign, guys. So our friends, I remember only Nelly. OK. It's excited to taste that noodle soup, the one that made up with a slight ramen called the panseed. And then it's made up of the chicken. It's made of pork, liver of pork. And then it's made up of chit-choron. Chit-choron is a deep fried skin of the pan. Yeah. It's oily. Would have been less. That's the last one. Yes. And of course one of the last Yip in Yelves City. So we've ordered four of the best of us. And we're going to give it a go. One is it? The super extra mega. Mega. Mega. OK. We've ordered four mega bowls. Thank you. Oh, wow. Smells good. That smells really good, actually. OK. Thank you. Thank you. What is this? J'al de chit-choron, very good. So the dish came out and something I have to say I'm not just going to walk in here. It smells extremely strong of garlic, really nice, fragrant, garlic, and I know why. The dish comes out with a little bit of garlic on top, but they bring a side order of more garlic, super fragrant, super good. And it comes with scrambled up chit-choron, which smells really, really good up pork up well. My mouth is starting to water, so I go. So our soups have arrived. The smell is amazing. It's meaty, it's garlic. It's nice and hot. I'm going to mix around here because there's noodles in here. There's noodles in here, herbs, onion, chicken, beef, and pork. So I'm going to mix it around and try and get a bit of everything on one spoon. That is so nice. That's really good. It's a very, very meaty taste. There's so much flavour going on. It's kind of like, almost like you can't identify every, every single thing going on, but it's very, very flavourful. Get some of these noodles. Really good. I can see why they say this is the healthiest dish, because I think it's really good. I can see why they say this is the healthiest dish, because I think the fat with the meat, etc. But generous portion as well, this is very, very tasty. So many ingredients in here. That's really good. Oh, I see what you're going to get up to. The door, I know, there's very squeaky door. Sorry about that. Oh, that is so annoying. Really like meaty flavour. You can really taste the pork crumbly on top. It's so good. It does taste quite funky. The noodles are really nice. This is the broth, it's really, it has a garlicy, which is very, very, very good. Really nice flavour that's there. I'm a few of them are the same broth for the chicken. The pork on its own, the pork on the meat, and then the pork beef and chicken that we've got. But nice, really nice. Really tasty. I think this is like the best place in the city that does that. I'm glad we tried it, but it's really good. So what I'm going to do is, so I'm going to grab a nice spoonful of the broth and the meat that's inside here. It's part of pork liver, it's chicken innards, it's stripes of beef. So you're getting all the things, all the hard to mess in there. You're going to grab some extra garlic, crumbly on top, I'm going to grab some sugar on, crumbly on top. I'm just getting a whiff of that great aroma. Spring onions. Spring onions. I reckon onions are indeed the heat that they carry, I can smell. It's so good. Cheers. Mmm. Oh God, there's so much going on in this dish. You have the soft meat in there, you have the crunchy chicharon, you have the fragrant garlic. We have the onions. And just straight away it hits you and just broth is so flavorful. Really nice and salty. Oh, I understand why people love this dish. And I understand why people say this is a sin because it is very hardy, very fatty and very rich, but I like it. Let me just grab some of the noodles that I'm from the bottom as well. I think what this dish needs is a very strong, halo, halo. Mix mix. Get all that pants it and the meats and the veggies mixed together. And then continue indulging anything. We are all very satisfied with what we have just eaten. It's delicious. Our 10. In general food terms of like meat. Seven and a half to eight. Nice, I was going to go for like 8.25. Perfect. Thanks for watching this video today. If there's anything else in the Philippines you think we should try in terms of famous dishes. Anything like that? Do let us know in the comments. Please subscribe if you want to the channel. We film daily vlogs of our travels. We are currently travelling with these guys. Nelly, I'm making a half vlog. The channel is linked below and we've been a lot of fun. In the Philippines we've been a bit more friends. We've been a lot of friends together. Very excited. Guys do the thing. We will see you tomorrow. Bye.