 Buh buh buh buh Ooh that looks like a 16 day mode maybe even 21 day followed it looks very developed already What's up Philippines welcome to a brand new reaction video my name is Mike and I'm Mellie We have two travel food and lifestyle vloggers based in the beautiful country of the Philippines And our main channel making it happen vlog will see thousands hundreds Thousands of our adventures through this beautiful country We actually have 1100 videos on our channel. So if you haven't checked our channel out It'll be linked right up here. Mellie what on earth are we reacting to today? Okay, it's one of your favorite topics Mike Which is What is it? It is about balut And it is about a japanese girl who enjoys balut for the first time and I like how she says enjoys in the title So it's uh she's already giving it away right? Yeah, they think she she enjoyed it. We'll see okay I personally have mixed feelings about balut I tried balut in a vlog a while ago almost like three years ago I'm out with a little pop up right here and I think my conclusion was I like the taste the texture was a little bit weird for me Um, yeah, so yeah, but we've had like deconstructed balut and balut sources and all kinds of things in fine dining here on the Philippines Which is quite fun by the way one million subscribes on our main channel and this girl over here is gonna be eating balut So true if you haven't subscribed to our main channel then keep the link oh thanks for the reminder I'm gonna have another day. I think we're not further do we should jump into the video. Yes It's been so long it's been a half I'm in the Philippines now Yeah There is special and in the Philippines it's called balut but I don't know what it's baron I heard there is barons in the market frame that's why I'm in the market So let's go see which market is a kiappon? There you go Is it normal? Spano Spano is like that weird and it's not baron I want to try it It's good right? Okay time's special I need to try to smell it I just overspending it Yeah How different is it? You know it My first time we had this on the market It's only egg You know it's chicken Yay It's just egg Right? Oh It's so creamy Wow Look at it It's so creamy What is your channel? One, two, three, four What's your name? Japanese Yeah, Japanese I'm gonna go Oh Hmm No It's more creamy and more yucky than normal eggs No, it's good But I should start the baron right? Let's go Thank you so much Actually I enjoy running Yay Oh I saw another egg Next to it Is it baron? Yeah It's baron It's baron We go You eat right? Okay, open Go Start and I know you go Is it good? I know You Hahaha You know you eat You eat too Go Oh that looks like a 16 day No, maybe 21 days It's super yummy You eat Yeah, the soup is good Super creamy Oh no Oh man I Soup Oh it has It looks very developed already Yeah, that looks like 21 days It's chichi vinegar Oh, you have a touch Oh, she So I turn around and let you know Yeah What is baron? It's this baron I like chicken I have chicken There is a dog Black chicken Like a little bar Little dog Little dog Hahaha I love it Oh yeah, yeah I love it How are we doing? Black and chocolate I love you, Subominat Ah Yeah, that was very similar for me the reaction like pacing pacing Hey Taste good But I don't want to say it It's like chicken and then Oh my god Yeah The idea is this part is egg But this part is I think not We don't have baron in Japan What time? Filipino eat baron You mean or Afternoon Because also you eat it People are You know It's like a snack for Filipino So Filipino rarely like this one Why? Okay I win a big speedy peanut Oh, Filipino You're a big fan No, I'm a big fan That's the hot pot Hahaha This is it It's good It's like a speedy chicken So much of your eyes Little hot soup I don't know If I don't Which day No Yeah, that's it It's like more in your head I know it Little bit Try another one Ah, no thank you Hahaha I'm not using it Hahaha Seven Seven Ah, very good That's all I did it I know it's all the time Because I saw baron days meet up No, totally different Baron days like Yeah, it's a little bit And the actually looks so good for me And I was so surprised But taste really good I knew that why Filipino like baron taste the chicken soup It's so good But the heckus job is little bit bad And sometimes I feel like chewy things But I don't know what it's I think it's like hair I saw that That's the peak I just wanna say I did it We don't have baron in Japan So I have never seen baron before I hope I wanna try baron again Do you like baron? Do? Please comment down below I got so many energy Hahaha Thank you for this video Please subscribe our channel Follow my Instagram See you in the next video Bye-bye Awesome Thank you Alright, we'll link that video in the description box down below Subscribe to our channel She has a lot of fun videos on there And great energy I just love how funny she is And puts in these special effects Makes it so nice to watch Would you guys like to see us react to my baron video Like being in the Philippines Three years since eating baron Yeah, wait Let us know in the comments down below But I remember we were in a taxi And we... I think we were driving to the spot So you asked the taxi driver Do you like Barlow? And he said yes Very good It's very good for your joints You know, for your knees And we're like okay Okay It seems like this guy knows what he's talking about But I have to admit Coming from a European country The texture Is something that is... You don't know You've never tried it She's talking like she knows everything about Barlow She's never been married She's never had any I didn't finish my sentence Okay, see me Nelly wants to try to pull out early Because she wants to be able to talk about it No, I wanted to say I think the texture It's of like having the feathers in And having the beak And bones and everything That's kind of a very different thing for us Wistonos But you don't know I know I'm not a fact I don't eat fish with bones I don't enjoy it So I don't know if that would be something that would enjoy So these Well, it's like tiny tiny tiny Alright guys If you enjoyed this reaction video be sure to Give it a thumbs up If you're new around here be sure to Subscribe Check out our main channel, LinkDrite Here And we'll see you guys next time on What's up Philippines Bye-bye