 Hello everybody, how are you doing? I decided to do a live stream in the evening and see how that works out for everybody. Normally, I do them in the morning Philippines time, but I know that doesn't work out for a lot of my subscribers in other countries or in America early. So we decided to try it at night. It's 7.46. I'm going to say it's locked here in the Philippines. So if you're out there, go ahead and put your comment down. I'll respond to all your comments today. And we can talk about whatever you guys want to talk about. Doesn't matter. You can talk about your life, the economy, the questions about the Philippines, whatever you would like to do. Also, somebody let me know what you think about the sound. It's okay. Because I am doing things a little differently tonight. Anyway, everything's good. We had a big storm the other day, but it was like minor. We're just in a lot of rain all day long. Usually, we're using only rains for a few hours and it goes away. But it's all good now. No big typhoons. I've been here for five years. We had one typhoon in five years. A lot of people asking me, aren't you worried about typhoons? And I look at the weather that's going on in America right now with all these storms and flooding and so storms and everything else. And here are the Philippines, the same almost all the time. A low-hot from Honolulu, Hawaii. Daniel, thank you for joining us. I appreciate it. There's been a lot of time in Honolulu. I used to work on the pride of America and the pride of a low-hot out of Honolulu doing all the Hawaiian Island. It's really fun. We were overnight on this every night, which is a really big treat for the crew. And mostly crew on those ships, they were in Seattle, mostly crew on those Hawaiian ships for Americans because of the Jones Act. They by law, I think like 90% of the crew had to be Americans. So it was kind of fun to work on a ship where everybody was American. Anyway, yeah, let's throw your comments out there. Let's see what you got. What's on your mind? Anything you'd like to ask me? Let me know. And we'll be on here for a while. See how many comments we get? We've got 21 people so far. So here we go. Sound has a lot of trouble, but it's clear. Trouble. I don't really have a control over that. Let me try moving this mic down a little bit. See if that helps any. There we go. See if that helps any. It holds one more. I'm going to get out of the car. I'm going to get out of the car. I'm going to get out of the car. Anyway, I just have to go there where it is. Good evening from Behal. Sounds great. Behal. Yeah, I was in Behal not too long ago. We're going to take another trip there. It's a really nice place. I got a friend of mine that owns two condos though. He lives in one and uses the other than Airbnb. A lot of nice things over there in Behal. We took a trip to Borck. I'm not too long ago. Drove there. So that was quite a nordeal. A lot of fairies and stuff. I heard there's a new ferry from Duma Getty all the way to Sabou City to a McCann, which would really be nice because otherwise the only way to get there now is you have to fly or take the bus. If you fly, the only flights are at 9.30 at night. If you take the bus, you're looking at a six hour trip. It's kind of a bouncy road. There's a fast ferry now from Duma Getty to Sabou. That would be great. It's very affordable too. The flight, I think, is like 50 bucks in another 25 for your luggage. Let's see. Good evening from Davo. Maurice, thank you for joining me. I really appreciate it. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. Like a couple of times. Like a couple of times. Like a couple of times. Like a couple of times. Like a couple of times. Like a couple of times. Like a couple of times of press day like a couple of times. Like a couple of times. Like a couple of times. Like a kl fix to check my blood pressure. When you're on this Shawn's健 Lab or Warren Reeckley's Well, when you'm changing your mind and you're in question again? You read K Telle and his blood pressure. You have started reading a book, and then now, You have started writing a book, and then you included K разных I have started reading a book. I don't know if people have been told me that it could have been, but I'll never know. But anyway, I'm not getting any more vaccines unless absolutely any more COVID vaccines unless I absolutely have to. So hope to answer your question, James. Thanks for watching. Thanks for putting in the comment. Joyce Roomfield, seasoned screening smart and your lovely wife, Jen. Enough love from Jamaica. Wow, Jamaica. I've seen a lot of times when Jamaica too on cruise ships went there all the time. Beautiful country with beautiful beaches and wonderful people. Thank you for watching. Deep blue. Have you ever been in dabble? So what is your opinion about? Never been there. Never been there. No reason why I haven't been there. I just haven't been there. Might be on our list of places to go. There's seven thousand islands here. We did a lot, not a lot of travel. We got around a little bit. Jen and I first started going together. But now it's like I'm so busy with my YouTube channel, baby on the way and all kinds of social things that I have to do. And we've blessed me living in a wonderful place. We've got a beautiful beach right behind our house and beautiful weather. It's almost like living in a resort. So it might be a while after the baby is born. But someday we'll go to dabble and check it out. So I can't really answer your question. Mack Will, hey brother, I finally caught a live stream. Happy holidays and Merry Christmas to you. Yeah guys, let me know what you think about this time. I usually do them in the morning at Philippines time around 9.930. It is now 8 o'clock Philippines time. And so let's see how many people we get and what you think about it. And if you like them, if you guys are interested, I'll keep throwing this time slot in. Maybe once or twice a week for you guys. David Alder, it's nice to see you. Good evening. And so anyway. So yeah, that's about it. Everything's going great with us. Christus is on the way. What did you think of the hall? It was nice. It was nice. Beach was nice. Some nice restaurants over there. It was nice. And Bacolad, we went there and I just didn't see what all the hubbally was about that place. The beach looked okay. It was kind of a drillly day. We were there or one of the days we were there. And the hotel we stayed at, it was a nice hotel with the beach was real far away. It was very expensive. The restaurant wasn't any good. Very expensive to the restaurant. And it just wasn't that good. The rooms were small too for $100 a day in the Philippines. And we had to take a bus from where the ferry dropped itself. All the way to our hotel, which is on the other side of the island. But didn't care much for that. Elo, Elo is another place. One of my friends, oh, it's the most wonderful place I've ever been in the Philippines. This is from a Filipino. So we went there and we weren't impressed with that either. It's the mall was nice. But Bacolad, we went there too. Same thing, nice mall. But I like about Duma Gettie. I really love our boardwalk. It's brand new since we've been here. They built that place in the last couple of years. And it's really nice to go down there. You can walk along the whole area there and do a loop around. Right up by the ocean, it's quiet. And it's just busy every night. People playing volleyball down there. Families down there and kids doing karate. And it's just a very family-oriented, very nice, very clean. And it's right on the ocean, especially at night. Have nice breeze there. So we really love our boulevard. And then you've got some nice restaurants there as well. Let's see, Kempels Adventures. So I ever look up Kempels Adventures and check out that. It looks like a YouTube channel. And subscribe to this channel and share his videos. Let's see here. I want to miss his. He says, morning, sir, from Men Not Airface. I pray your family as well. Love your videos. Finally been catching you in a live 6 a.m. here. Well, not sight to hear. Thank you so much for watching. I really appreciate it. So much stuff going on now. In YouTube, there's 140 million channels. I believe that 140 million. So the fact that you guys chose me tonight, it's really nice to be. I really appreciate it. Far day, far west outfitters, all natural rattlesnake and MCT all has drastically changed my cardio. Really all naticonese and MCT oil has drastically changed my cardio. And it's recommended by the top cardiologist, Dr. Peter McCullough, to fight the spike protein that causes microvascular clotting. Wow. I got to remember that. I'm going to check that out. For those of you that are just listening, you can't read this. It's spelled N-A-T-T-O-K-I-N-A-S-D and capital MCT. So check those out if you have any hard issues. So I will definitely check that out. By the way, one of my subscribers over a year ago, I guess it was, I had talked about, when I had this hearty then, I was just telling you about. I wanted to get some nitroglycerin tablets. Because when I first had heart problem, before I had my heart surgery, the doctor gave me nitroglycerin, little tiny fills. And I put one under my tongue whenever I had chest pains. And it worked great. But I went around here, all the pharmacies, no pharmacies had any. Even my cardiologist couldn't get it for me. But one of my subscribers sent to my ex-lives house in London a whole bag of this nitroglycerin, but it's spray, like little spray bottles. I'm almost like, you know, there's no breast spray things they used to have back in the 80s and 90s. It looks like that and you spray it under your tongue. Anyway, I've been carrying those with me. And anytime I feel my heart's congested or my blood pressure's real high, take one little spray of that and it works like magic. Let's see, Aussie made. I was supposed to go to mobile for canyoneering, but hurt my knee to going to be whole instead from smooth, a little concern. It's too touristy. But I'm just, but I'm just ends up right there. I'm going to hope your knee gets better. I hurt my knees one time really bad. It's in Colorado. I believe in that I was dancing in a show called King and I. You don't remember that show, King and I. And what happened was I went to the theater to interview for the job of assistant stage manager and the director was interviewing people. He said, well, how tall are you? I got him six four, like what's that got to do with being an assistant stage manager? And anyway, he basically said, well, we don't need an assistant stage manager. What we need is a dancer and they already hired another guy, a real dancer. And he was the same height as me, same body type as me. And this is when I was skinny and not like I am now. And anyway, he said, yeah, he'll hire you as dancer, but you don't need an assistant stage manager. I needed work. And so I took the job. You know, I was dancing in the show. Full body makeup. We were like these two guards. We did this whole dancing set, too. Of it. Anyway, I was in the dressing room like two months into the run and underneath the table was this little shelf. I didn't even know it was there. I scooted my chair up to get a better look in the mirror. And I hit both of my kneecaps on that shelf and couldn't like split them. And it was the most painful thing I'd ever felt. Just terrible pain. I went home. I went to the doctor. There's nothing they could do. We put a myspac on and heat pads on. I was out of the show for like two weeks. And finally got back in. It was so painful. Because in this dance, I had to leap up into the air and come down. It really hurt. I should wrap my knees and everything. Anyway, I know what knee pain is like. I've seen me going, okay, but I'm going. Good for you. I just lived in Iloilo for three months. I wish you would have hit me up. I would have shown you some cool stuff. That's too bad, man. I usually tell people what I'm doing. If I'm going somewhere, I'm like one of my live streams or whatever. And we drove there. It was the only thing I didn't like about Iloilo. It's like they had these traffic enforcers and they had like little packs of them out there. And they were pulling people over for tiny little things. And trying to extort money out of them. You hear that sound? That's what we call a toco. It's a lizard. He's about that long. And he lives in my roof outside my back window back there by the sea. He's really loud. He does that a couple of times a day. Year round. Anyway, deep blue, what is your favorite part about living in the Philippines and what is your biggest disappointment? That's a good question, deep blue. Deep blue. Let's say favorite part. Just, it's just yet there's no stress here for me. I wake up in the morning and I walk right past these windows that overlook the ocean and the sun is coming up and it's just no, I have no stress. I wake up every morning assuming it's going to be a good day. I just assume that. And every day is better than day before for me. And so that's part of it. The friends I have here, I've never had so many friends in my life. And of course, on YouTube channels, I just have so much fun with that. Disappointments, the way some people, not everybody, the way some Filipinos treat their animals, especially dogs. I see this all the time when these dogs are going to lead that's like a meter long, tight up all day with no water, no food, no shade. I see it all the time or dogs just stray dogs running around, they're all main G and starving to death. And that's my disappointment. I always say do something about that. But 99% of the things around here, I love the Philippines. I mean, I went back to America. You guys probably know this went back there about a month ago. Was there for 10 days. It was wonderful seeing my family. I sorted some things out that needed to be taken care of where my storage locker and everything. But I just couldn't get way to get back there. I missed my wife of course, but I could not way to get back there. Just couldn't. And once I got back here, and I was just in the Philippines and in the hotel in the Philippines before, I came back to Dominguetti on the bus. It's just like all this stress is washed away and I just felt relaxed again. But I just love it here. I can't imagine living in place else. I really can't. Is it for everybody? It's not. A lot of people, you know, it's like, do you look at life as like half, you know, the glass half full or half empty. And the people that look for things that are wrong, you can sit around all day and complain about everything here and find something wrong. You know, we went to the bank the other day and started to open a new account. And all these papers you file and sign, and sign lots of paperwork here. But it's like, you can't get upset with the bureaucrat, the bureaucrat you're dealing with, whether it's a banker or immigration or who it is, because they didn't make the laws up. They're just doing their job. And so if you're just patient, you know, and it's just, it's not my country, you know, so I have no right to be criticizing the way anything is here, like the way they drive, you know, anything. It's all, it's their country, it's not my country. I'm a guest here. So anyway, that's that. Andrew Apple, hey, I remember you from the other day. Have you been to Civic Bay? What are your thoughts on Civic Bay to live long-term supporter? I heard some really popular with ex-military guys, because they used to have the base there. They maybe opened that base back up. I'm not sure. There are, I think, 12 military bases that have been opened up recently, the Philippine governments letting Americans have access to them. I think this is a wonderful thing. Civic Bay might be one of them. I don't know for sure. And I've heard good things about Civic Bay, but I've never been there myself. I heard there's some incredible shipwrecks to dive on in Civic Bay. Japanese ships that were sunk there during World War II. So that's all I really know about it. Honey Marie, good morning from San Jose, call California, going to work. Okay, have a good day at work. San Jose, I love California. I lived there several times. Huntington Beach, Del Mar, San Diego, beautiful state. I love the drive up California up the A1A to Oregon and up to Washington State, beautiful drive. But so expensive there now and a lot of problems in California. Miriamad Munster, mermaid Muncher, okay. Two earliest, four, four, three AM here in San Francisco Bay area just had to go to the restroom, happened to come back to bed and decided to check my phone real quick. And here you are, like your channel, keep it up, go back to bed, go back to sleep. You gotta get, that's how you seriously, mermaid Munster, you gotta get out of the habit of checking your phone when you go to the bathroom. This, turn your phone off and leave it outside of your room when you're sleeping because your subconscious mind is gonna be constantly thinking, did I get a message? Did somebody talk to me on Facebook, whatever? Did you just gonna check it? And then if there's something there, might be like a negative comment about something or a news article that's upset you and it's gonna ruin your sleep. So turn your phone off, take it out of the bedroom, don't have it in there, same with TV, don't have a bed at TV in your bedroom either. That's my advice for what it's worth. Let's see, are you still looking for a vehicle? No, not anymore. Rick Acre, I'm very interested after your baby is born, the process you have to do for your baby's certificate of American citizenship and the increase in your social security payments. Yeah, I'll be finding all that out. Someone told me it takes a while from the social security thing to kick in. They said it was important, one of my friends actually had a baby, is to let them know right away whether by email or phone call or whatever that your child's been born and then try and make an appointment which could take months to get an appointment in Manila. And then go from there, but the child at birth automatically, a dual citizenship, both Philippine and American, which I think is worth its weight and goal I really do. So if he wants to live in the Philippines, he can own property 100%. If he wants to live in America, he can live in America. So he's got all these, he's got all these choices that I don't have and his mother doesn't have. So I'll let you know when things progress, I'll be happy to disclose that on my channel and let you guys know how it all went. Let's see, Chuck, fast. What about bringing my silver American Eagles on the flight? This should be a problem. I wouldn't think so, I had nothing illegal about that, bringing that. A friend of mine bought some gold over here. I don't know how much do you want some gold over here. Yeah, that should be fine. I would not, I would leave me in your check bag, I mean you're carrying on, I wouldn't put in your check baggies. I'll tell you something, a year ago, over 30 years ago, probably 33, 34 years ago, I was leaving a cruise ship coming back from Europe and we stopped in Japan and in Japan, they made us get off the plane while they cleaned it and we had to hang out in the boarding area there and then get back on the same plane like a two hours later. And I left my carry on up in the overhead and in there I had some silver dollars and what had happened, I was stuck in where I was, I was in Jakarta and they had a tent, a flea market thing going on, all this antiques and stuff. And on a table, big, huge, you know, like those big, long buffet tables, all these coins, just coins all over like 200 coins, all over the world, all kinds of nationalities. I'm looking at these coins and I find like five silver dollars, you know, from like the 18, whatever, you know. And so I pick them up and ask the guy, like how much do you want for me? I think he's gonna rip the off, he charges me two dollars American for each one. So I buy them and I put on, made the mistake of putting them in the front pocket of my carry on bag and then I put some quick ties, those little quick ties on there, which is probably telling whoever's looking for the steel stuff that, hey, there's something valuable in there. Anyway, it came back and when we finally got to America, I go to get my bags as quick ties were gone, silver dollars were gone too, I got stolen. So anyway, that's my story about silver dollars. So anyway, that's about it. Anybody have any questions here? You want any more comments? I think next time I might try this I'm an hour later, like say it's 8, 10 of my try it, like you have nine o'clock next time, see if there's more people awake then. But yeah, everything's good here. I'm always always looking for people to interview. So if you're coming to DumaGettie and you're just gonna be here for a few days, it should be an email and all of my videos in the comment or in the description. If you click on that, it will show you my email address. It's right by my PayPal. And so just send me an email and tell me where you are when you're gonna be in the Philippines, when you're gonna be in DumaGettie and I'll try and meet up with you and we can get together for coffee. I love it if you want to do an interview. And don't say you're boring or you don't have any interest stories. Some of my best interviews were guys who thought they were boring. Let's see Mike, Mike at You Love To Travel. So check out Mike at You Love To Travel. Hey Mark, Mike here. Nice to see you Mike. Charlie suit. What time of year would you recommend a two week visit? Charlie, it doesn't matter, man. It really doesn't. Like, I guess this is like rainy season now, but you never know it. I mean, it was a beautiful day today. My friend and I, David, we're just out slowing the ocean around four o'clock. It was beautiful, crystal clear water. We're out there for like an hour and a half. Weather's beautiful year round. I mean, year round. The ocean's the same temperature year round. Because we're on the equator. So it's pretty much steady. Like when I was in Miami in January in 2017, I remember the water was too cold to swim in and we went to the other side, the east coast that goes shell beach with my daughter to look for shells. And it was freezing cold there. We had to have jackets on and everything. So the weather's good here year round. So just come Charlie whenever it suits you. Whatever a good time for you to come is just come. I'll be there in the Philippines, but I'll be in general's triates. Okay, well, you know, if you ever come to Dominguetti, let me know. You comments coming in here. Let's see. Kaya Mackay visit Dominguetti from September, October as there's a lot of festival popping happening. Yeah, if you like the fiestas, if you like the fiestas, I don't like fiestas. Because they play music sometimes at 2 o'clock in the morning and they play as loud as it'll possibly go. So I'm not a big fiesta fan. Gary Johnson, I think Gary nice to see you. Good evening Mark and Saboo. I hope you are doing well. I'm planning to come to Dominguetti within the next month. I'll pour sure. Look you up. Thank you, Gary. Just send me an email or Facebook and we're friends on Facebook. I mean, I really like to meet up with you. Because you've been chiming in on my live streams and commenting on my videos for a really long time. I really appreciate your support. Captain Dumas Day reloaded. I guess that's a YouTube channel too. Check it out. Captain Dumas Day reloaded. Hey Mark, what happened to the car? Oh, nothing, man, nothing. Have you seen lumber source near? Yeah, they've got lumber source. I sell a lot of the coconut wood here. And think about lumber here. Make sure it's treated. If you're buying coconut or you're buying bamboo, it's otherwise the termites will get into it. Think that's it, guys. I'm gonna wrap it up short of the live stream here. Thank you for watching. Thank you for subscribing. If you share my videos on Facebook, that really helps me out a lot. And I really appreciate your support. I got some good interviews coming up. Hopefully a few before even Christmas. So we'll see you next time. Take care.