 Alright guys, it's your smith, okay today's video. Master of Ladra, Kali, Eskree, Ma, Arn, Esk knife, Combat entry. Well, another Master of Kali. This is my first time reaction to Ladra, up all Ladra. I know Bobby Tabwada, was it? Yeah, his name was Bobby Tabwada. He's also Master of Kali. His Tecrony, well obviously it's fantastic, he's supersonic. So fast I can't see his movement. So this time another Master of Kali, how is it like? Let's see. If you enjoy the content, give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing if you hear. So let's get into it. Whoa. He stopped him using his hand by using his hand. Wow, that was impressive. Basically when we work with the sticks, our uses of sticks is basically to develop. To develop the attribute of all of our hand technique that allows us to function. Operate for us to be able to execute what we call combative art. Combative art which is called the Tecrony. Kali, the indigenous art. So what we do is this, everything that we do in terms of the sticks is basically mimicking. You're mimicking. The attribute of how to use the blade. Without it, it's the same with the hand, it's the same with the blade. So basically the way we use the program for the Kali to get program, we hit a lot of our mechanics. A lot of our mechanics on our program. So that way we can teach them on how to function when it gets into the combative art of Kali. Let me give you a perfect example. Number one, first is what we call the entry four. Entry four is one, two, three, four. That means there's four different kind of entry. I can enter on this, come back. He's been an opportunity to enter. That's why we call it entry. That's one entry, the second entry, the other side, entry, entry. Every time we engage, that's a line given to me that allow me to work with. If there's no line, then I can't, I don't know where to start. There has to be a given line. Wow, this guy really good at explaining, good at teaching. It's really reasonable of teaching. It's really easy to understand. The first attack of Kali is called entry, which is really important. And keep on line and attacking. That's why it's basic of Kali's attack, right? That's kind of same as karate. There's a basic line in karate as well. There's many attacks, positions in karate as well, but you have to keep the new line always. That's a basic line. So when it gives me a line, I work on that. What happened is when you guys make contact, what we call bisecting the line, it allows you to be able to have this door. There's four ways to enter. If it was empty hand, it would be like this. There's four ways to enter. I can enter on this side to go here. I can enter on this side to do this. Wow, interesting. So what it does, it allows you this entrance here, it will get you there so that way you can go. So all of these mechanics, whenever we make contact, we call this doors. Doors that you can enter. I didn't know that. I watched many videos telling about Kali, but these doors or entry things, that's my new knowledge. Yeah, but it's really easy to understand teaching this in this way, opening a door, that's a fast movement. Okay. And then with the sticks, no difference. So this particular exercise, the empty floor is, thank you. The mechanic, turn around, take that way. With the sticks, do the entry floor, slowly. The mechanic of it, look at the hand mechanic, it's similar to how we protect ourselves against somebody with a weapon. Okay. So we here face this way, without that on the side, so rust, little bit later. So basically that mechanic is what we're using. So and the reason why is the back of the hand, because when he pulls and cut, I can still function. If it's this way, when he pulls, that is your hand. Oh, I see. So from here, so when I go from here, one and back. This is the basics, which is the basic entry for. I see, protecting in this way is important. If you do this way, you could get a point to be cut. That we were talking about. And so the more we practice this, the faster the hand gets. Which means, so watch from here, one, two, one, now anytime that they go, it's going to be a success. Oh, cool. Wow. What's going on? Okay. What it does, it teaches the other person to speed his hand up so that when that happens, this is just what we call sensitivity drill. The sensitivity drill will allow us to know where is that blade at all time. But because of our methodology and our concept, that it's offense, counteroffence, recounter offense, defense is the other guy's problem. So if you trust to me, I was offensive. Now I can take care of that. Oh, wow. Okay. So basic, the goal is to be offensive, counteroffensive, recounteroffensive. When you play defense, it comes over here, I play defense, chances are I will get cut. So when you're offensive from the beginning, it allows you to be able to do what you need, use the person as a shield. Oh, now I realize, Collie is so dangerous. I didn't know there is such a fantastic counter to be in Collie. The enemy must don't know what happened because once you attack, you are killed already before you realize, wow, so nice. I will allow that. And all that speed of that hand are developed from drills on the stick. All of that movement that we're doing, that's all the attributes that we need for the blade. So when he throws over here, see, that's slapping to not the senses out of the person. I'll allow you. Wow. And, and back. Collie, you'll be able to do the techniques that you practice. So when it's blade to blade, I don't need to change anything. That mechanic there won't need to rush. I cut them already. So I'm being offensive. The encounteroffensive, recounteroffensive, re-recounteroffensive. Wow. To continue using the shield, and back. Now, I can finish and do whatever I need to do. This guy's so beyond my expectation. Well, this video is really fantastic. I think to no Collie, you should watch this video first. I should have watched this video first. Because I mean, you know, his teaching is really easy to understand. Although the movement is so fast, it really seems to be hard to get it. The system is really clear. I think this could be basic for every martial art. You know, in series of attacks, there are some doors. The way you enter the door is really important. You apply another attack depending on the, you know, the way you enter the door. I think the number of doors depends on the enemy though. I wasn't taught like this when I learned karate, but the idea is, the basic idea is really similar to the karate. And what is rising for Collie is counter-trip. This is a tonnish. I mean, you think you stop to enemy, but actually you were stabbed before you realized. Feeling like you have absolutely no idea what's going on really. I think this must only show us the basics of Collie, but I already realized that he's through genuine master of Collie. I think I should react to him later again. He's so amazing. Okay, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. I hope you liked it. If you do, make sure to like, subscribe, leave a comment. Bye bye.