 I'm really close to Hana growing up, Timo. And it was just sad for me to say when she told me that they're going to leave, the few guys are going to leave. I was sad about that. But now you're the one leaving. Yeah, bye Hana. What are we out here? It's on. It's on. It's on. What is it? It's on. It's on. Try to be new delicacies. Oh, you're on the black. Yeah, why not? I was on black. What's your vlog? It's a vlog. Starting today. Here we are. Christmas party. We've got our coach, Nikki Abariko. What is this? It's a little bit of a challenge. It's a little bit of a challenge. And then the other one, the Falupa. Falu. Falu Wing. Falu Wing. Falu Wing. We are celebrating Christmas. I'm saying goodbye to my Filipino friends. I'm leaving. What are you doing? What are you doing? Yeah, I'm leaving. What? Next Friday, I'm leaving. I'm leaving. I'm leaving. What are you doing? I'm leaving. You know. They were very nice to invite me here. Going to California with Chrissy and Dale. And, uh, yes. I do have some Filipino friends. And, uh, you could be a little bit overwhelming at times. But, that's all right. It's a beautiful day here. A great day to say goodbye to the Philippines. And, uh, some of my Filipino friends. So, now the karaoke's about to start. It's about to get wild. You're good. Thank you so much. How am I supposed to eat all this? Do you want some? You eat it later. Oh, my gosh. What? I'm well taken care of here. Yeah. What do you mean? I just need that. More. Pick it. What's the English challenge? The English challenge, whether it's Big Messiah, is punch the stomach. If this leap throws the ocean. I mean, man. I mean, man. I'm good. I see it everywhere. Small time. Where did the baby go? Your daddy's out. And I know why. Oh, the video anymore. The video. The video. It's a nasty day here in the Central Philippines. It's the time of year where the winds come off the Pacific on this side. Really hard. We've pacified Dale with an iPad because he was jumping through all of Chris's packing. Are you excited to go to California, Chrisie? Sure. Is there going to be, are you going to be able to shower on the airplane? Yeah, I must need that. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Chrisie thinks we can shower on the airplane. But we're going to stay there for long. So we're not allowed to take the shower. Yeah, one of our flights is 15 hours. And there will definitely be no shower. I can tell you that much. I don't have a first class ticket on the. Also, in the first class, if you can. Some first class have it. Yeah. Not a lot of progress has been made so far, but we're working on it. Yeah, I'm trying to put up those clothes. The sponsor of today's video is Blinkist. The Blinkist app enables you to understand the most important things from over 6,600 non-fiction books and podcasts in just 15 minutes. I chose the Blinkist app to help me overcome my fear of approaching people. I know it sounds crazy being a YouTuber, but I'm actually fairly reserved for normal life. The 11 Blinks of Leo London's book, How to Talk to Anyone, taught me about confidence, body language, and how to use small talk to keep a conversation flowing in natural. Blinkist's newest feature is called Blinkist Spaces, which allows you to create a space with friends and family where you can recommend titles to each other. All members of a shared space can access all titles in the space, with or without a Blinkist Premium subscription. You can explore the book summaries and podcasts on the Blinkist website or using the app on Apple App Store or Google Play. Get a 7-day free trial 25% off Blinkist Annual Premium by using the Promotion link in the description or pin comment. Dale, what happened to your haircut? Is it a good haircut or no? No. Who messed up your hair? It's me, I'm cutting. He said that the guy who was cutting his hair. Oh my gosh, I can't tell you how I'm flipping out. I've been flipping out for the last 48 hours because my son has the world's worst haircut. They literally took his bangs the first thing they did and just chopped it all off. So my son looks like he's ready to ride the short brus being put on by a wheelchair. And not only that, come here Dale, come here Dale, come here. Come, come. Come, come. He's sleeper. He has on his head a little bit this day. Some sort of cartoonish bump that he got. So yeah guys, this is what I'm coming to see my mother for the first time in California. And my son looks like a goober with a giant bump on his head. So I'm sorry mom, forgive me, I swear I'm trying to be a good parent. Hannah, did you think your sister would get a green card before you? When you were growing up, do you think she was the one to go overseas first? No. Is it sad this year sister go? No, I'm happy for her. You're happy? Yeah. Oh hey Hannah, actually told me that they're going to leave in there. They're just going to stay there for, I don't know, for how many years. I was actually like sad, like I was about to cry, like thinking. I was, I'm really close to Hannah growing up to me and it was just sad for me to say like, when she told me that they're going to leave, the few guys are going to leave. I was sad about that. But now you're the one leaving? Yeah, my Hannah. We're going to enjoy it here a little more. They're going to come back as much as we possibly can. You're just going to stay there for weeks right? We may never come back. We may never come back. Chrissy, my, Chrissy, my love it so much, she never comes back. Continue your nursing school and then when I go home to stay. Yeah, let's just start all over again, Chrissy. There's a way. Start all over. Year one. I kind of work as a, you know, at the McDonald's. Ha, ha, ha, ha. A serve for a food serve? Yeah, what serve birthday boy? Hey, wages are rising, you know? $20 an hour. You can make it McDonald's. Not hating on McDonald's workers. I worked at Starbucks for many years. You guys know my affinity for the company. If you've been on the channel for a while. I raised a Timoy. But raised a Timoy. Yeah, I was a barista. And that's why I collect the travel cups. So if you ever want to give her a family a gift. You can always buy me one of those special Starbucks mugs from where you are. But I've got so many moving parts in the next few weeks that I didn't make a reservation. So my brother-in-law is fuming at me right now. He cannot, you can barely stand the lack of... An avenue today. The lack of detail. He's like Jordan Pearson. And who's the guy who used to run Twitter? He only eats once a day. Only he's one time a day. And so this is his one meal. And we're having to wait for some people who just sat down to finish. But... Chris, he's excited. We're leaving tomorrow. She's may never come back. She might just stay there by parent's house in Newport Beach. Well, the first time in the history of Logic Burgos were being turned away. Because there's not enough... There's too many people here. There's too many people at the restaurant. Wow, I got some kids. Oh my god, what is it, Dale? Gina. Wooo! What is it? What is it, Dale? It's time time. What is it, now? A shoe! Wow, mommy gives the best presence. It's like she's buying herself clothes. You see everything she could put on her son. Just what a four-year-old dream about Newshers. Great gift, Chrissy. Yes. The most Chrissy gift ever. So Chrissy, what do you think is going to be the most shocking thing you find in the US? I'm not really sure the buildings. Yeah, and also the grocery stores. That's the really... That's one of the things that I'm looking. I'm just excited about also. What say you, longtime California resident? Yeah, I mean, grocery stores is... They love foods, so imagine a metro full of food. It's like that. That would be really surprising. Yeah, you have like 500 different flavors of ice cream. Yeah, they turn anything up. All the great things about America, they make it real easy on how to get back. Yes. You have more fast food than you have more. Alright, we're going to weigh Chrissy before we leave for the US. We're going to weigh her after and we're going to see just how much her body has changed. What do you think, Chrissy? How many pounds? How many kilos? Probably nine. Do you want me to get away? Do you want me to be as big as you? That's a big negative. I'm married to a skinny girl to allow for some margin of error. It's a match of padding over the years, so we'll see. Take her to like, create her joes or what's the other nice one. Whole Foods. We'll probably do a whole video on Whole Foods Newport Beach, Fashion Island, Whole Foods. Definitely a great place to go. Alright, we just had a ridiculous moment. Chrissy is here. It's like 85 degrees, 100 percent humidity. She said she's cold because of this stupid fan. She tried turning her fan off. You're going to die in California. You're going to die in Idaho. Really? I'm going to leave you. If you try and make a snow angel in Idaho, when we're there, I'm going to leave you there. You're going to freeze the dead. What snow angel? You've got to make a snow angel, Chrissy. Oh, you mean like a snowman? No, a snow, Chrissy. We'll have to show Chrissy how the snow angel is done. You mean like a scripture? No, you can't. You lay in the snow and you go like this. With your legs and your arms. And you get up and then there's an angel there. No, you didn't know. No, I know. What is that? Bring your own little rice cooker. Or a seven restaurant. What do you mean there's no rice? How much is rice? 80 percent of restaurants probably don't have rice. And especially fast food. But you can buy a rice in the grocery store? Yeah, of course. Did you buy that? Did you buy that? Did you buy that? Yeah, that you're going to buy me rice cooker. You're right, my friend. What I didn't do is buy the rice cooker that I said I would buy. And I would ship to my parents. So when we get there, there's no rice cooker. Chrissy doesn't know that. We're going to see how she does without the rice. Oh my goodness. You're going to have to learn to live without rice. Oh my goodness. I'm not sure if Filipino can live without rice. How is that even possible? I mean, I can live without eating rice for a week. But I cannot... Let's just not tell it's worth. No, that's for me. That's for me. Alright guys, quick programming note. Actually during the editing of this video, I did break down and buy a rice cooker to arrive before Christmas. What the heck is that, Hannah? That's the head of the fish. That's all the yummy. Do you like to eat brains? No, I don't think it's brain dye. It sucks the eyes, right? She's a nice sucker. It's really yummy. We want to eat rice. Don't make a fool of me. Oh, Chrissy doesn't have rice. You got a Mexican plate, Chrissy? No, wow. You want to eat it? Yeah, you want to eat it. Wow, you're really getting ready for California. No, I actually love this part later. What part? The beans? Do you like beans? Yes. I'm not sure I'm going to like it later. You're going to like it later. You're going to like it later. What does it show me when it says mommy? Wow, happy fourth birthday, baby Dale. Mommy and daddy. High quality Filipino candles, ready to light. You're going to the airplane tomorrow, aren't you Dale? Yes, I'm Dale. You're going to the airplane tomorrow. Yeah, put your fingers in the cake. You're the man. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Look at this. Come on, Dale. Come on, Dale. Come on, Dale. Come on, Dale. What? You're going to the airplane tomorrow. I'm going to the airplane tomorrow. Get to the hand, Dale. Pick it, pick it. Please, don't mind me. Mommy, please don't mind me. You're going to like it. We're leaving for the US tomorrow. I'd like to thank Blinkist for sponsoring the video. Check the link below to subscribe.