 guys we have membership on the channel we have membership if you have a join and you can join of course and for my haters there's a link you can donate to if you want to pay pal pay me honestly I would wake up sometimes and I will be like why am I awake hey guys so right now I'm ready I'm ready I already got dressed the more in my superior sunshared again because honestly it's like the only shirt I have for the boys and I want to you know represent my skirt of course what's in okay just do this wow I'm gonna be meeting up at more park and five become park and space for the shuttle service with other 18 so see you when I get there bye I'm at the meeting place but I don't see anyone and I'm not lost some of the right places I just don't see anyone how do I find them out HOW DID ihor ludo We are all soedom i amgyo will You Like But I KNOW we Cla bonito making code 82 this ear like I see in the Philippines weail Hello, we're here. Yes, we're here. Yeah, we're early. Yes, we're going to go get strapped. Mel already has some strapped. We do have shoes here. And we're going to go get strapped in. We are in, we're going to get strapped. Wow, I'm so good. I'm recording. I'm talking and I'm not recording. I have a strap. And I have some souvenirs. And yeah, we're ready. And yeah, we're ready. We're ready. No, I have much to say. We're just walking slowly and gazing. Slow down. Slow down, please. Can. Yeah. Woo! Okay, it's really hot and I'm a bit sweaty. But I'm so excited. You guys can see. Yeah. Mel is only her friend who's self. She's just hot. I'm hot. You can't say hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. This is the problem with people who find gay, popular, and people. Whenever you say a word, you come to us. We'll come to us. We'll come to us. Yeah, we'll be vlogging a lot outside because it's hot. And I need to say battery friends sign. So, we just talked to you guys. We talked to you guys a bit. We talked to you guys. We talked to you guys. The three guys. Amazing. A foreigner. I'll give it directions. Go ahead and see what it's like. Go into the fan zone. See what's up and see what it's like. Hot. Yeah. So hot. You guys got it. You're everywhere. We're not performing today but they're everywhere. Yeah. And then. This is going to be our first time in a while. You're going to be in the first place. You're going to be in the first place. You're going to be in the anytime. I'm going to be anywhere. Take that. And then. This is going to be where we got. This is a very long line! It's so beautiful. I'm going to the back. Oh, Ryzen! I'm fine. My bag is a racer. We did a reaction to them and racer has a nickname that's total. But total in Spanish means the giant. I hear that! So we were like very shocked. So I'm just going to excuse my phone. We were very shocked. But we all know what I'm looking for, right? I don't have to tell you that. I don't know. I'm getting a little bit dizzy. Oh, I'm getting a ride on the wall. That is cool. Like a baby. I'm going to the back. How do you know who the other side is? Do you have to know this? I know this bell. Is that your Pablo? Just the name. 10. 10. Josh. We think it's not an outdoor. Yes. Good thing. For some reason. Can you see? I want to see it. But I'm here. I'm finally here. I'm excited. Are you excited? Yay! I should be saying something, but... What? Vlogging is so tedious. Guys. I'm not going to go to the bus. Yeah. Just so excited. So excited. So I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited. Vlogging is so tedious. I'm excited. Yeah. So excited. So excited. So excited. So excited. So excited. So excited. Vlogging is so tedious. So excited. We're in the rain. Rain is hot. Rain is hot. We came here to pull makeup. Now we're hot. Hot makeup. Pull makeup. We're hot. So this isn't like shine or bronzer. This is wet. That's natural shine. Natural shine. I don't know. It's raining. But the rain is not going to stop our party. It's just raining. It's raining. I'm brushing my teeth. Seven, nine, I think. You may know it. Yeah. The water does it. Water does it. Water does it. Water does it. Water does it. It's so plain. So right now we're inside and we're going to be looking for food. Looking for food. Mato. Mato. Mato. Mato. Today I just learned that mato-no is mato. I think we're going to be okay. Five cents. Five cents. Five cents. Thanks. You bought it just out of the way. How are you? I'm fine. But right now I'm more into food. I'm fine. It's food you want to be. I've been finding the doors. I'm also wondering. We're hungry. I'm hungry. There's another food there. Melon I'm going to look for food. Ooh. And we're off to run out. It's like waffle. That's more sweet. It's like waffle. That's more sweet. I'm going to look for food. That's more candy. That's a sea-sake. It's a sea-sake. It's a sea-sake. It's a sea-sake. Oh, that's...no, that's poor candy. That's a sea-sake. It's a sea-sake. It's a sea-sake. It's a sea-sake. Pizza. Pizza. Mmm. For a pizza without meat. Those are corn dogs. Already I can talk to them. Oh, there's pizza here. I know, I'm a walking meme. Here's burger. Maca. I said no hard-fired. I had a hard time. I'm going to miss my new ones. Good-dores. So we're going to go to my door soon. And line up. I thought mine was going to be screaming for like so many other groups. So hopefully they're okay with that. I think most of the ones that came here are also multi-stands for other groups. There's still the wind right carpet and we're waiting for the finish. So we can go there. We're not like a bright perspective door but we'll find it once we get inside. There's an open yet. Well they're open. There's not going there. I guess there's some people inside. Yes. Do eight people get to be able to see this? Do eight nine eight. Five six. Wait a minute. A lot of them. Walk and involve. But we're not giving up. No giving up of hope. We still got this. We're lost. But it's cream chana. It's okay, not. But it's cream chana. We found eight for Mel. Now I have to find five and six. Three. Other seven. Okay, there's six. Time on this side. I'm going to go like that. Okay, I'm going to go like that. See you soon. See you. Okay, I'm in. Oh. Yay. Wow. Wow. Wow. I'm going to go like that. I'm going to go like that. I'm going to go like that. I'm going to go like that. I'm going to go like that. I'm going to go like that. Yay! Yes! Oh! Little Jogo What? Oh! I'm rooting for him in here in Bloаете. But you don't used this anymore! These rocks beat get off the ice. These rocks beat down lahy again. These rocks beat down lahy again. These rocks beat down lahy again. Guys! 4 They are in number! Enthus! Oh The I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test, I'm on the test Let's get on, no worries ohì Oh my God. Oh Oh Hmm All the duetёт skills that we get are higher and lower.. Uh, Yes. I could still do it, I worked hard. I have our front and back spin event coming up today. Let's do this, the club team's performance is also ongoing.ussa Deswegen I'm gonna ask you for a tiny little bit of work on it. Make the music and I think it's so much better. Thank you! I'm now still going to ask for a tiny little bit of work on it. New season! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! I'm gonna ask you for a tiny little bit of work on it. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! I'm done with the video. You feel so good. I'm done with the video. Yeah! Oh! Woo! Yeah! Woo! Yeah! How long is it going to take? Woo! Yeah! Woo! Um... I should like to make Viking V talk about Y裔 And of course Give us 18 He's in ambush Just so funny Quit laughing Fancy f North He's the one who loves his bronzer it's all beautiful the last singer I'm going back in on my head still hurts. I don't remember the door yet. I'm going back in on my head still hurts. I'm going back in on my head still hurts. I'm going back in on my head still hurts. I'm going back in on my head still hurts. I'm going back in on my head still hurts. I'm going back in on my head still hurts. I'm going back in on my head still hurts. I'm going back in on my head still hurts. I'm going back in on my head still hurts. I'm going back in on my head still hurts. I'm going back in on my head still hurts. I just got home from BAAAA and I couldn't record my last impressions at the event because two reasons it was still very loud. Actually three, it was still very loud. I had a real bad headache and my battery was like and I needed to save at least a few more percentage so that I could get a good result. I needed to save at least a few more percentage so that I could get a good result. I ordered McDonald's because it's the only thing that's still open right now. I ordered this kind of coke shake thingy with ice cream, coke shake or something like that. This is something I've never done before. Actually where you get this and they give you the fries and put it in here. And then I guess this ketchup is just the barbecue. You you you hold on. You you it's powder. Oh I guess you could pour it in here. Oh okay I've never seen powdered barbecue before by the way. This is something. Oh shake shake. Mmm mmm mmm mmm this is so good. Wow the season is awesome. It's like sweet but salty. So first of all now finally I got to say something. Really guys not through YouTube or computer or TV but in person right there. I saw them. Wow first of all through videos we always thought that their vocals were amazing and their ability to sing live right. But hearing it in person it just hits different and it's like a different situation. It's a different it's a different world. It's a different universe honestly guys. I can't get over it. And then their visuals. I don't understand how there are some people that still say that as many as he doesn't have visuals look good. On trust me I've come across people that have and even in Korea with fellow Filipinos. When I asked them like they know I've been in teen some would say no and some would say yeah but they don't like them because they don't find them attractive. Are you kidding me? I already thought they were attractive like in pictures and in videos and stuff but in person I saw them in person. They're attractive. I always said that I'm going to be a fan girl that's you know going to know her limit and I'm not going to fan the size and I'm not going to like you're human just be a supporter. But after you saw them today I want to marry all five. I want to marry all five. If before I didn't have a bias record I do now. And you know who my bias record is? Josh Pablo justing and stuff. All four. Ken is my main and you guys know that but now I have four bias records. Okay. Aside from the beauty that they have the charisma like the way they stood on stage the way they... Not just stood I'm sorry the way they dominated the stage because they they just stand there and saying they dominated the stage and they dominated the crowd. Which I'm sure you saw in the previous clips right? I tweeted earlier that you know I was a bit intimidated because when I got to my seat there was a bunch of Koreans behind me Japanese in front of me. And then they were a few Filipinos on the side but then I saw that you know they didn't have any merch or anything for as many as you think. I got the vibes that they were. You can tell when someone is a K-pop fan and that's the vibes I got. So I was a bit scared and like intimidated like oh my god am I the only one that's going to be screaming for these boys in my seat here? You know what can I say? I wish more Filipinos support local bands and local artists because they're talented like honestly. Sure well I know for sure that after today a lot of casual Filipinos will definitely start standing as been anything. Even with Kang Daniel when he presented the second award for the boys he was really hyped. It was like now we're going to hear it from Morris from you know SB19. Yeah I don't know the way he said it was like yeah it has been 19 like you know I got the feeling that yeah he liked SB19. I'm speechless honestly. I really am speechless. I don't know what to say. What do you want me to say? I mean what was the first thing you said the first time you saw them perform live? Guys I'm like this quiet eating but I'm just thinking about today because I just can't believe I'm in the Philippines. Honestly. What am I doing here? How did I get here? This group hit so different than other groups because like damn it being here in the Philippines. I've never felt so motivated in my life. The last time I felt like this motivated was way before the pandemic. Back when I was dancing professionally. Like after that part of my life got shut down with dancing like and then the depression happened and kind of like blocked myself and just didn't know what I wanted to do and then just ate all the time and gained weight and stopped looking after my help. Actually I would wake up sometimes and I would be like why am I awake and even ask God. There are so many good people out there that have died. People who are making difference and we're making difference but their journey got cut short. Why are you still waking me up in the morning when I'm not doing shit for the world or for myself? Yeah. There was a time in my life I had those thoughts. After doing this reaction thing and then getting into P-pop and getting to know what's been 19 and hearing their story and everything they did to get where they are now. The spark and the motivation it just came back. I mean it did because look where I am. I'm making a video here in the Philippines. They brought back motivation into my life. They brought back purpose into my life and they gave me a reason to be now like when I wake up and say God. Thank you for allowing me to live another day. This is why no matter what I do, no matter what path I take, what career I decide to go with, what journey I decide to go through. Supporting us with anything will always be there. And if you see me out there say hi. I don't bite. I'm a very loving person.