 I am serious, it's so, it's amazing how they are It's unbelievable I have no words, they mean something I have no words This is unbelievable It's so beautiful Yes! We got nice blue sky today Very lucky We have this small spot See that there's one dark tiny cloud there We are officially going up into the mountains The highlands of Negros to an area That was really affected by the flooding of course river communities So we caught up with the bus or the truck with all the supplies So we took a quick stop here with this stunning view Before we head up into the highlands Got that We are in the city of Citi-Six It's a beautiful place But it's beautiful And that's how you know you're in Sugarlandia Sugarlandia Welcome to my b-night I was here about three years ago I think And this is where we found the sea of clouds And the spectacular nature But today we're going to go give out relief goods for the flood victims here along the river All right, made it to the beautiful town of Mabina Up in the highlands we're stopping with the police to get a escort with us We made it to... I forgot the Burangana, I'm gonna put it here Yeah, it's so hard to pronounce But there's a river right behind us in Florida about two or three meters You can actually see it on the houses over there But the main damage is just by the river with there's no concrete houses So we'll take a look at that later But first we're gonna deliver some goods We have a line for kids and then adults They actually don't need water but they need containers So the adults have little tickets that the Burangana captain said The worst families with no houses So this is the Burangana captain's house And he gave the tickets to the one family each you know Yeah, I can see they're holding like a pink ticket So the people that get food here on supplies They actually lost their house like completely gone There Look at this here Very good Nice style It's your doorbell, they turn it Oh, that's it So we got the Tarsas, we got some divers of Darwin Very good group They help us so much And once again this is the easy part delivering it This only takes like 30 minutes maximum It's a craft work that takes all day long Which you don't see in my video and the guys video Like the prepping is the biggest part This is the easy so that's another thing Why you don't see me handing out goods here I'd rather show some other guys doing it Give them some credit Ion Bhutak We'll speak in Long Goga or Piseia It's Piseia So you see my Bhutak Look how he can take it, nice Oh, it's Brigadier I don't know what it is Can I have a drink now? No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! That was very smoothly, very, very good job Shout out to the people at PMP Shout out to those guys for helping us And now we're going to take a look at the river every year You can already tell here It's down What a coming down, full of debris Of course, look at the size So I think It's a whole bamboo unit right there Look how big it is guys It's pretty Oh! Careful Careful The line Oh my god I can see it By the line See that guys? So this is the water line And here's the river Like can you imagine how high it is That's unbelievable My house My house This was your house there I'm so sorry, Kuehya, what's your name? Kuehya, very much Oh my god, where were you? What did this happen? Where were you? You were in the house? This was the sorry, sorry Unbelievable It's interesting that we have coffee I make a joke when she said You can come to your house to see it And you have coffee she said yes And now I have the coffee Are you serious? I'm serious, it's so, it's amazing how they are It's unbelievable Here you have their house You can Guys, this is unbelievable They lost their house But they're still inviting us for coffee I have no words I have no words This is unbelievable If that does it Give you a good impression about The hospitality of the people here Philippines, then I don't know what does This is probably the best example You can ever give and I'm probably going to remember This moment where there's some malay people How can someone that has lost Everything In marchin from a coffee right away Like come to Our house like this is just I have no words man This is unbelievable It was speechless They're in the But, oh Up there The barangal is there Are there people that go away? Your mom was up there Because you saw the water coming They were hanging out the lives up there They were up on that roof That's crazy And midnight And dark It was midnight Yeah It's dark It's almost normal when you think In Darwin we had also They can really strong win that One o'clock to two o'clock I couldn't sleep, it was so loud You cannot go out because the wind is very Falling items, they're really exchanging We had strong win but not like here So it's very mixed about the operation When everything happened For example here there wasn't much evacuation But like in our last video The uh actually when the wind was coming And daytime the army Went to the coastal communities And told everybody to evacuate So that was really great Look at this guys This is the power line You're not scared to test it No That is crazy Yeah Did they tell you how long Until you get the electricity back Yeah, how many days do you have to wait now? I think next month Next month We found out that they don't have any electricity yet Until maybe next month So we choose this place to give solar panels And maybe our own five solar panels So that the electricity is at least five houses We're going to give two See they already constructed Some framing There's one frame So we're going to give those three houses at this Okay let's go What's this? Oh thank you Thank you very much And it works all night So it charges during daytime And then you light all night Thank you very much Oh Sherla is going to show them how to set it up Oh it's already charged Yeah but not yet much Yeah I need to charge it more Ma, what's your name ma'am? Susan, Susan Queeno This is her house after the flooding Nothing more left So collecting some metal sheets Guess for roofs And solar We made it to Lumbagan Baranga, I think it's called And you can see I think it rebuilt this house this one here for example It's already been like over three weeks This has happened So actually the The crops It's maybe It will take time Because we are going first there House of shelters So we don't crop yet Yeah we don't put crops yet No crops yet So it will harvest like three months Three months But all the crops are the flooding Yes all the crops The water is Overflow This one, overflow Wow This one is done We go to the next one We are actually getting some cooking supplies there So this is our convoi or carer one And there is a bridge and a river I think this is going to be our last The final stop today It's the fourth one Let's see how many families Need people rebuilding Just build it We are going to build it So we need people rebuilding They said there is going to be about 10 family houses That have lost here It's just it's hard to believe how high the water was Do you believe it? Like here is the river It's like 15-20 meters at least Yeah this wall Where we parked They said it was over their wall And into their yard like a mud A mud slide into their yard That's like a hundred foot tall I can't believe it It's a village It's a village with a water Crazy Hello Hello You might also ask how do we know which person Which family needs help That's because we have a local Two local people from this Municipality with us today And they were identifying people In the last couple of days And going between the barangays And even handing out coupons Tickets for those We really need the money Let's say guys Time to add some stuff And then we drive back Come on, let's go We have to go up We have to go up Let's go Go up Go up Go up Go up Go up