 Oh! Whoa! That is so good! Oh bless him! Just want to give him a hug. Welcome to the Fine Arts here on What's Up Philippines? Today we are reacting to a video that has been circling around the internet quite some time and has actually crossed our path many times in the past. But today we're going to finally react to it. It is a video of a young gentleman, eight years old. And he is Philippines Picasso. Yes, literally Picasso capital of Philippines. Hahaha! Shit! Put a kiss! Before we jump into this video, we are Mike and Melly to travel vloggers. We love to travel beat food and enjoy life here in the Philippines. Check out our main channel for more of that. Making it happen vlog, link right up here. Yeah, should we jump right into the video? Oh, before we start, this video is made by Nas daily. So he puts out daily content with I think one minute videos. It's a very short one. But I really enjoy his videos as they are very unique and informative. Very positive. Yeah, very impressive. Yeah. And he just looks for people who are very special. So I insisted on watching. He has not yet found Melly. Hahaha! Special person ever! Hahaha! I was really looking forward to this video. Because it's about a boy who wants to become an artist. My childhood dreams. Hahaha! I was not a boy. Hahaha! Why you not love him harder? Hahaha! Again! Let's go. Yep! Yes! Meet Lil Picasso. Hi! We're La Briga. And I am 8 years old. What you saw in front of you is a cute kid from the Philippines. So the age of 4 was bullied at school. Oh! He hated it so much. He spent more and more time indoors painting. And by the age of 7, he was so smart, he skipped two grades and became a master. Wow! He painted this. Amazing. Wow! This! And this! It's gold! That is gold! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! That is gold! It's gold! And I did it in 4 days. And 1 6 international competitions. And 1 year. Every painting comes with its own needs. This means making natives feel at home. This shows earth missing the time. It was clean. This stands for rupees. And this is just a fraud. This is a fraud. It went from being bullied to becoming the Lil Picasso of the Philippines. Let's continue to discover and inspire the world through art. That's one minute. See you tomorrow. Oh! Oh! Bless him. I just want to give him a hug. So cute. I can't feel his good energy from where he talks. Oh! So cool. So cool. Yeah. First of all, I think we both know how this to be bullied at school. Yes. Because he said that his name is Michael Knight. I love just kidding. What did I want to say? I don't know. Anyway, how can this be so talented? I mean, just those paintings. I mean, if somebody would show me those paintings, I'd say, yeah, that's an artist that's been painting for 20 years. Yeah. Not a kid, a kid. And also, how can he take something that is very intense emotionally being bullied and transform it into something very inspirational and something very positive. I mean, his paintings are very colorful, very vibrant. It shows happiness, you know what I mean? And he is just incredible, incredible boy. Especially love the frog painting. Yeah. That's just the frog. Such a little gentle man also. Yeah. Yeah. I think there was a very short one, but very sweet one for today. More videos coming later today. Yeah. Exactly. And I would like to support this channel, really one huge favor, hit that subscribe button right now because we are trying to hit 100K subscribers on this channel and impeccably ambitious goal. But we are convinced that we can make it happen with your help. So definitely hit that subscribe button right now. Also check out the videos on our main channel making it happen vlog. If you need a little bit of a happy pill today, we have very motivational travel vlogs, very fun food vlogs, lifestyle vlogs. Also here during our time in the quarantine. So definitely check that out. And if you know any videos that are similar to this one where somebody points out very special people here in the Philippines with very specific talents, also please let us know and head over on to our Instagram at making it happen vlog and Nellie's life, Andeline's life, Andeline's life. And send us these recommendations because we would love to see more videos like these. Alright guys, we will see you guys on the next video here on Waxa's Philippines. Bye bye. Music My childhood dreams.