 My own Buntak, Kumusta, Mangakigala, it's on and off weather at the moment here in the Philippines. It's just coming out now, it's been raining quite heavy though. Still a few storms developing, passing by. Nothing too close, nothing to worry about. But it brings a lot of rain, the rainy season definitely is here. A lot of work's doing the garden, it's really grown in the last few weeks. It's been a bit distracted, the rain system is nice and nice, they've gone back to Switzerland safely and Switzerland. That means Jane and myself have a bit more time now to come back out of the garden. Trying to tidy this thing up is really grown. So I don't know what's happening over here. I think the dog's been jumping on the grill, it's sort of wedged in. Oh my work, cookie, is this you? What have you done? There we are. Don't happen to Jane's other glove, she's not going to be happy. Certainly when you have a garden, it keeps you busy, keeps you occupied. So one of those things living in the Philippines is it's nice to be outside with nature, nice to be doing things like this, but also it's nice to have a few luxuries from time to time. It's got a bit of a clean in there so we can use it again. We didn't really get to use it with Jane's sister here. The weather has been so wet. So wet. June has started off extremely wet and I'm breaking Jane's brush. I'm sorry Jane. Oh dear. We still haven't been able to do our cowlot in Kalanga, our helping hands. Garden, unfortunately. It's been a bit difficult with the weather. Jane's sister here, we've obviously trying to make the best for them. Trying to show them a good time is best we can. So we need to get back into the swing of things really. It's better off school until August and she's off to college. So we've got a few things planned coming up this month, next month. But before we can do any of that, we need to get back. Back into business with our garden, with our cowlot. Got some plans to meet up with people. So it's nice to get out and do these sort of things in the morning. Get rid of routines, they just speak. Definitely a good way to start your day in the Philippines. Certainly when you've got a life like this in the Philippines you have time to do what you want to be doing. We want to be traveling, we want to be going here and there and everywhere. Trying new foods, trying new drinks. But you have to balance life when you move. You can live like a local, live like a tourist. Not a very popular say in. But if you want your budget, if you want to stick to your budget, live a simple, more simple life anyway. Then you really do need to live more like a local. It's not something you can't do things, but it's all about balance. When you live here you have time to do things. You don't have to travel all the time, you have to rush around. Just take a few minutes every day, just go outside and do things like this. Come to the Sabin Resort today. To have a breakfast. We've got to do a few things in the city a bit later today. So before we start the day, come somewhere with a nice view. Have some nice food. I haven't been here for a long time. I've got a port of state, some specials on. I can find a seat. What is going on here? A fun drink. Beautiful grounds here as always. You have to do breakfast. I'm off to the breakfast. I like your breakfast. It's a good breakfast in the Sabin. There we are. I'm going to go for the bacon. Big one. We're going to have a big breakfast here. Maybe it's best to buy. We've come out today to grab a breakfast. It's somewhat different. It's somewhat a nice view by the sea. It's really nice and peaceful. Relaxing here. This place is really... It's got everything. So is it really going to be going to Manila this month? You looking forward to it? Yes. I'm going to eat. I'm going to eat my salad. You can only look at your doorways. I'm going to pass. Want to ride a horse and carriage. You could become a cookbook driver for a day. I think I can go. You used to be good at riding your motorbike. You're bicycle with stabilizers. I remember you skiffed flying down the road and we were in a jogging. We were fine. When you were 12 years old and we were on a five-roll bike. That's a jettable. It's just a horse. It's like a baby. But she won't let it. She couldn't ever stop. She can ride but she couldn't stop. She won't let it. Maybe here we'll get you an electric bike or scooters or something. Not straight. There's drinks, calories, and water. Stay hydrated is a valet. You did it the other day with exercise. It's nice. It's way better fashioned. It needs a hot chocolate. This isn't my low is a valet. It's proper stuff. Thank you. This is really nice. It's a hot chocolate. It's really dark. It's made from pure cacao. It's really good. It's good. It's cool. Cold. It's what you need on a day like this. She's trying to edit a photo. I think we're a bit dark where we sat the video and voted the moment. Might go to do something with it. It's beautiful. Isn't that a beautiful place to come for breakfast? We don't do this anywhere near enough. No. It's quite a distance. We've only ever done this really once before and that was without Isabella last year. It wasn't her. And even then that was because we were staying in the city, overseeing the finish of the house. But we can come here a bit more when Isabella doesn't have college. You're not going to be in college every day or week are you? You're going to have a couple of days before you're at home. She's the MP. You and Jillian wouldn't have a school. She's the MP. That's what I'm going to do. So you're lucky at just half-time. This thing I can breath with don't I? To get that. It's wet, busy and all. It's nice. It's busy here. It's given types of eggs. You can choose how you want it done. Yeah. Here, slum out. That's amazing. I miss this flavour breakfast. So we have our eggs, we have our bacon, we have our toast. We're going to put our marmalade, hot chocolate, calamansi juice. There's no slice of pineapple available though. No, because I think I will come this afternoon. Yeah, no delivery. Well, that's what you miss. It's a toast, a toast of bread with marmalade. But this place is really like a nice fill when you're here isn't it? It feels really calm. I'm waiting for my pancake. Oh yeah, James extra pancakes. That was some pancakes. It looks delicious. Sabin was always a great place to stay if you kind of come to L.T. And there's not a beach as such here. There's little bits down the way, but nothing really much. Swimpool is definitely worth it though. And this bit in the middle here, this is quite new. This is great for events, great for weddings, for receptions, for family. Get together, hire it out. So we don't do this all the time just every now and then. It's always good to get out, get out from the house, break up your routine a bit. We have a routine seven days a week. We don't always stick to it, especially with it is about a not in college of score at the moment. It's on a score break. So we're a bit more free to do what we want. But when she's in school, we stick to a routine quite rigidly, quite strictly. We have different things we do on different days, such as shopping and gardening and all that. But that's the best way to live. That way you're not tempted to go out every day and spend all your money every day. You're going to live here long term, you have to budget, really be careful with money. It's not that cheap to live here anymore. It may be cheaper than some Western countries, for example, but I went to such cheap. But definitely, definitely you can have a good quality of life, flow lot less than some countries. A lot of people come here, they come here just to relax, just to enjoy. I just very seen it here. Look at these coconut trees and this beautiful, beautiful, but immunograss lawn. It's what we planned our garden to look a little bit like with the grass, with the coconut trees. We've got the grass, but not the trees. But also because the garden is not that big. No. Coconut seems not growing. No, hopefully we can get them to grow because these look stunning. I love the shadow they cause on the grass. They create a great shadow, a great shade. Sit under the bottom of the coconut tree, can't you? Just read a book. If you didn't mind a coconut falling on your head. But maybe we have to replace the coconut, do you think? I think we can try again. Because it has been two years and it's still like really hardly. Well the one behind you, I would say that probably is only two years. No. But this coconut is a dwarf, I think. It's a dwarf. This has been here for a while, so that's why it has told us that. But it's just like, it's just even swimming my height. Well that's the thing. This one behind is a bit of a funny shape, the trunk. But it's nice, nice height. Is that our unfairie? It's coming now. Okay, we're going to go now. That's our fairie. We've got back to England. That's such a good feeling that we don't have to go home. Because this is home, we are home. And that's the thing living like a local rather than a tourist. You don't have to go home. If you're a tourist, you're always on the go, you're going here, you're going there. And it's nice, but it doesn't last for long. But when you live like a local, you budget, you pace yourself, you can stay forever. And you can do things like this, not have the fear of having to leave again. Especially with your sister being here for a month, it was so hard to say goodbye. We know that feeling, don't we? The time was so quick in it. It's too quick. We were staying here for a month, but it seems like just two weeks. We didn't do much, really. We did a lot, but not anywhere near as much as you think you'd do. We didn't go out so that, like the rest of the place... We didn't even go to the pineapple plantation with her. It's like one of those things just run out of time. Because you always think, there's still plenty of time. We do it next time, we do it because we're doing this. And then that's it, times gone. Because it was raining and then after that time to go. That life isn't it? It's so fast. So it's very, very fast. I mean, who would have thought it's June already this year? June. Almost half a year through this year. I don't know. Where does time go? Make the most of it. Sell it before, but please make the most of it. If you're planning to move to the Philippines, then really do budget. Really do put in a lot of preparation. A lot of thought. If you have your own house, you have somewhere to live. You can live a normal lifestyle. You can control your budget. I make the most of your time. If you're always on the go, it might be fun, exciting. But whether it's sustainable or not, that depends on you. For us, we like having a bit of stability. A bit of routine. But it's also good to get out in a biotein, travel and see new things. Good new places. So, it depends on everybody, isn't it? Yeah. When we decided to move, the first thing we thought was, where were we going to live? Where was this better going to go to school? Yeah. And how are we going to manage our money and everything? Exactly. Those are the biggest questions. But then, of course, that's why we prepared. As the time goes by and then coming here, we get more ideas and... How do we start? It takes time two years here, and we're only now really just beginning to get to grips with everything, obviously spend the money. It's so easy to spend money. Even if you don't intend to, the temptation is still here to just go everywhere. Eat out all the time, try new things, try everything. But you're not going to last long if your budget is limited. Yeah. But doesn't mean you can't do stuff like we just done today. You can come out somewhere like this, enjoy. Enjoy a beautiful place. And still, manage your budget, have a good quality of life. And put this one through school still. As, you know, that's our priority, it's about our priority. Her education. Is it going to be college? College this year, and obviously we're going to have to make sure that we're giving her everything she needs for that. Money. It's not very money, it's about all the tools you need to succeed in life. Food. But along the way as well, being responsible with money, being respectful, learning how to do things. I mean, one day we'll teach you how to tell your shoelaces properly. What do you mean? They're tied properly. You have to say, you know, it became like her expression, but you know, the boy is not always the same. It's quite rude sometimes, but it's a kind of expression. What I'm talking about, I'm botting you know, botting you know. I'm botting you know. Before you keep saying, I'm botting you know, I'm botting you know. I'm botting you know, I'm going. Yeah, like my real doctor. So we're going to go and do a bit of shopping I think after. Yeah. Get a weekly grocery store and go to the market, shop local. The actual market is just over there. In the distance, not too far from here. It's very prefer to shop. It's a good selection and definitely it's good to support the locals. Local vendors, local sellers. We do go to supermarket as well for what we can't buy at the market, but we definitely prefer, definitely prefer buying from the market. I don't think it. Oh dear. It looks funny with your phones. Let me do it for you. It's like a golf club, Isabella. What do you want to do? What do you want to do now? Don't do that to you then. No, karate. You still want to be a karate. This is a ball. She's fashionable for a teenager in her eyes. Or maybe she's a trend satter. She's confident, no at least. She's growing confidence over these years. I think jeans getting bitten by ants or something. You're right. What are you doing? I'm a dance. You're on the warpath. I'm a dance. What's going on? I'm going to take pictures. I'll give her a little bit of a walk. Burn off some of the calories and sing it right first. It's been here for two years now. We're going pretty much as we planned it. We've planned for many, many years. And the more solid your plan, the more concrete your budget. The more research you do, the better chance you've got to succeed in. It's always going to be unexpected bills, unexpected events. You can't plan a prepare for everything. Just be as prepared as you can be. So often in a little of this month, a few things to do. Saving really special tools in the month. Really can't wait. We're looking forward to it. It's going to be a great privilege to be able to attend. We'll take you along with us. So back in 2020, when we started our vlogs about wanting to move to the Philippines, a lot of what we said, a lot of what we felt still holds true today. So we wanted to be able to wake up together. We wanted to be able to grow in our garden and harvest, start our own fruits and vegetables. We wanted to give Isabella a different kind of life, a different experience. We knew it would be a challenge for her, but we knew that she was more than up for the challenge. All these faults and feelings we had, there were a lot of fears as it isn't an easy decision. Sometimes it is just a leap of faith. You have to make a decision and go for it. If you stay safe and play safe all your life, never take a chance. You may never get to experience what you really want to experience. For me especially, I thought it was sort of personal to take risks and chances. This was a big, big set, big decision. But I knew in my heart, and in my head it was the right thing to do. To see Jane back with her family to live here, how we want to go to live. We got to retire young and early. There's never a grettes at all. The only thing I wish is that I could see my family more often. But I knew that beforehand, and that was the most difficult decision to make moving here for me. It wasn't the health care, it wasn't the schools, it wasn't the traffic, the cars, it wasn't learning to drive on the other side of the road. It was nothing like that. The hardest decision was to leave my family. But as much as I missed them, I will see them again, and I do miss them. It was still the right decision to do. If you do think of moving and stuff holding you back, you have to weigh up everything. What is the most important thing for you in your head and in your heart? And just go with it. Just take a chance. Do a plan in, do a plan in. And if you're ready, just go through it.