 But you're Friday. Diffreshes. Okay, so you guys suggested this specific video and I have to say John Farham is one of my dad's favorite artists. I wish he was here. I wish he was here. He went to get milk. Yeah, we're performing ladies and gentlemen at the 1MX. You know what's my, we went from reacting to this guy's like KZ, Darren, Spantho, Bamboo, Easy Mill to now we're opening for them, which is fucking unreal. You know, Ellis was unreal. You can get 5 pounds off if you click the link in the description below in your tickets. It will be the first of October. Tickets are running out first. So make sure you buy them now and that's it for the promoter. BUNNIT! Sure you buy them now! Yeah, so you guys were like this also bad things you did a geezer in the back. Probably the guy that's smoking. I don't know. Maybe not the best for lungs, but maybe he does pack some lungs on him. Let's give it a watch. Here's a thing before we, before we get wild. I have decided, I have decided that I'm gonna start thinking. You know, anyone can do this. Because he just doesn't make sense. He's just out here leaving their best life. I don't know, I know long a judge like that. I now just judge it. This guy's a, you know, I... You always surprises me though. You always catches me by surprise. I review it, I review it. I always review it in the sense of these guys are people who love singing and they're sort of chilling and stuff. They're the most relaxed and that kind of allows them to perform to the best of their ability because they're in an environment in which they're free. But also, I also review it as if it was another singer, like another pro singer that we review on the channel because their level is actually at that level. It's not, we're not being nice. I don't, why should I be nice? I have nothing to gain. But it's just the level that is that high. No, I genuinely, I could review this really harshly because no one knows them or they don't have a career or a label or anything like that. And I was going to come sue my ass if anything, not that that happens anyways, but if anything, right, you'll be like, oh, this is shit. And then you move on with your life. But it's like the level of this, it's really high. Always. I'd imagine these videos you guys send us. That's my presumption because there must be some shit ones out there. We have seen, actually, do you remember that guy in the bus? Oh, but that was joking. He was joking around. But we're not all of them, you know, not everyone who's from the Philippines can sing. Of course, some of them dance then. But it's just the level is this high. So it's like, you obviously are impressed because we've seen so many of them. But at the same time, it's like, I'm just going to approach this. This guy could be an artist or maybe he is. I have no fucking clue. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a fun part of that. Yeah. But you see, we're getting pretty. Oh, come on. That stupid boy. And it's also on the higher third. Like, what? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. And also one of the most underrated songs from John Farham as well. Like, it's like one of those songs that you're like, if you know, you know type of thing. You got to be a music and a sewer like it's like, what? Smokey is obviously bad for you. Everyone knows. But hey hold on a second, smokey and kids in the karaoke. I'm going to joke. I'm going to joke. You don't do it. Don't do it. Bad for you. Bad for you. Staying school. And listen to your parents always. I wonder when dad's coming back. I am pretty worn out of a pbs it's just so confusing so everyone is having fun ..orie of the dream world Shin sü這新光芛的燈 We all dream of love That посa That is this Is a Altina I like everyone left and they don't give a fuck. They just, let's just... They genuinely enjoy it. Because they're just singing for the sake of singing, dude. But if you want to get nearly greedy and like you want to get technical... Good man. This dude? So technical, you see. He is, like how, how do they learn this thing? Like, to me one of the hardest things that I had to learn when I was like in theatre training and like vocal, like proper like into the intense technique of singing. One of the hardest things that I had to like relearn was leaning back to understand grounding, like utilizing, like letting my back muscles take some of that weight. He's naturally doing that. Like if you pay attention to his, to the way that he's opening into the lines and also how he's resolving the end of the line, it's so technically fricking. And if you ask him, he probably never studied that. Like how does like, he sort of observes it. But from where, who? Tell me. I wonder, no. You know? You would imagine like, you see him in, like this sort of singing shows are so popular in the Philippines and things like that. You maybe, it's not the first time we've seen someone sort of have good techniques or maybe yeah, they just see it on TV because they have such pinnacle singers in the Philippines. You know, maybe you see their regains and then so see them leaning back and you're like, oh, maybe that's the last one, that's what I should try. I think also he's made this. It's a lot of credit because it's really difficult to do harmonies on the third above. And he's just jumping in. No, no warm up, no. Yeah, yeah. And knowing how to modulate that, that's just hard as hell. Yeah. You can, you can, you can overpower the guy and then it's like, well, you know, long ago to harmonies, you're just trying to fucking over single-rigel. You know, working so well. Yeah. And then it's just, that's the last one. And he's around and things down. You're seeing his pushing things down. And then he's like, oh, I'm going to sing for you. And then he's like, oh, I'm going to sing for you. And then he's like, oh, I'm going to sing for you. Oh, you're pretty. That was fantastic. And that was absolutely... It's also, it's probably also like a... I have to probably good, really good. I'm going to sing for you. I'm going to sing for you. I'm going to sing for you. I'm going to sing for you. So it's probably also like a... I have to probably good rule of thumb. If you're having a bad day, if you're just struggling with life, you want to just wind down and you want to liberate some of that angst and sort of stress that you go through as human. Don't go to kickboxing. Go to karaoke. No, go to kickboxing if you want. That's also a great, this stresser. Marshall Lutz, go for it. But I think everyone should do this. Just sit down, have a beer, have a drink, don't smoke if you can. With your mates, finding courage in people around you and sing. Put yourself in the line. Even if you sound like a dying turtle. Look at that chicken. I would say, I'm here. How do chicken, bop bop bop. Imagine if you're fucking twisting the fuck that was like... Oh, that's a ugly image. You know, it probably sounds even weirder. But I just liberate. Let go, have fun. Singing would definitely make this world a better place if everyone practiced it. I just did it for the sake of doing it between themselves. And that's probably a lesson we can all learn from the Philippines. Not to get fucking philosophical or some shit or touch it, davi, love it, davi. But it's like that's genuinely something that would make people friendlyer people. Better people, more humble. It will make you humble. It will make you appreciate things better. It creates the depth of your understanding of music. Plus, it's just so humbling. It's genuinely humbling. Because when you look at someone that's really good at it, you're like, oh shit, I don't know anything. I got some work to do. Or I'm having fun. I'm doing some fun and eat on the series. That's okay. But I think that's a huge lesson. I think that's something they figured out over there really early on, given the culture. That it's like, life might be rough. We might not be the richest. Politics, money, corruption, all these other shit that comes with life. And countries like that, you know, like in the Philippines, sometimes people send us messages. And they're like, quite rough, you know, but there's things they're telling us like, you know, how life is going for them and stuff. And it's like, fuck. And just know that we're here. Yeah, yeah, but truly, I mean, but it's like, damn, that's, that's like a great way to come. Like a great way to cope with stuff, you know, as a community, as a province, then as a city, and then as a country. And then also it provides an opportunity. I don't know. Again, I always think like, what can I, you know, how can this be more than just like a video? Or how can this be more than just them? Or they can change their lives? I don't know. But it's like, I always think like that because it's like, that's fucking world class level singing shit. So I don't know. I don't know where I'm going with this point. I think they really figured that stuff out in the Philippines where singing might just make everyone better. And it does like, you know, everybody. And the thing is like, everybody will leave this place, feeling so much better about the world. Actually, they're probably feeling toxicator because of Drank So Much. But still, sat in my sessions. That anyone's before. Anyway, send us more videos of any of this like, drawer sessions with your friends. Or anything else that you like us to check out next, leave it down on the comment section below. And don't forget that we are going to be performing at the one and next festival here in London. Oh, cool stuff on the first of October. And the link is going to be in the description below. So get your tickets. We want to hear in London. Okay, goodbye.