 What's up Philippines? Welcome to another reaction video to one of the two most enthusiastic reactors in the Philippines. In the Philippines. I'm Mike and I'm Nelly. We are to travel food and lifestyle vlogger's based in the beautiful city of Makati bringing some good vibes in our reaction videos. For you guys, Nelly what are we reacting to today? Okay today we are actually reacting to another video of Will Dazavitch about Filipino accent. Oh okay we already. Because yeah because when we did the first one it said is Pinoy accent the best accent or the sexiest accent in the world. I did was such a fun video and I think this is a video with his mom and Will Dazavitch commented on our reaction video. I will put it in here. So I think he enjoyed it. You guys enjoyed it so we started to do another one. Yeah. Well, there was such a cute video. Let's do it. Let's do this. Showing? I was just your eyes. Yeah that's the same working. Yeah. No, it's working. Oh it's just like the city. I'm not going to class. The Filipino accent, the sexiest accent in Asia. Last week we did the Filipino American accent challenge. I do not know. I do not know. I do not know. People. I dial trending John. Everyone requests it for a part two. So this is it. Before we start I just want to disclaim that there is no right or wrong way to say a word tomato tomato potato patato. You can say it in whatever way you want. However, this is how someone who grew up in California would say the word and this is how someone who grew up in the bundles of the province of the Philippines would say the word. That's it. That's it. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong language mom. My mom knows four or five languages so she gets mixed up. Can you say the word hipopotamus? I don't know. My mom has lived in the US for like 67 years or something. How much do you sell? More than half of my life. Even though you've been in the states for so long but she's still never lost her beautiful sexy sexy accent. It's cute. It's cute. Sexy is a rather odd way to put it when it's your mom's accent. I agree. I'm sure dad somewhere watching this video getting very turned on right now. Okay huge thumbs up for world's mom and that was actually his dad. I just really love how she's like the character in the vlogs and even when I watch their Instagram stories it's the mudra and mudra and the padra and we get insights into like Filipino mom behavior and it's just so much fun to. Is she the source for our YouTube channel? Yeah definitely. Feel think so too comment down below and let will know or his mom know. All right. What do you want to say to her? Let's get started. First word. Injane. Indian. Indian. Injane Jones. Injane Jones. Mountain. No. Mountain. Mountain. Injusi. God have recovered. God has recovered. in the coffee cup. Covered. I was worried Calcium Calcium It makes me feel weird Calcium Calcium Colicium Colicium Potassium Potassium Potassium You know what's that? K Potassium YK What? What? Oh! I don't know Restaurant Restaurant Restaurant Restaurant Restaurant No! God! Please! No! Keep on Keep on Same vision, keep on Keep on You know what? Actually, keep on Hold on, hold on, hold on No, no, wait, wait, wait, wait And now I don't know what towards the right one Say this word New Say it? New My American friends would make fun of me because I would say new New New New I knew I found a gump up from the toilet And you! My friends make fun of me for saying new Spinach Spinach Spinach Spinach They really scored the American accent or California accent at least Everything's an eye rather than a There's a lot of things I just become an eye Spinach Rather than spinach Onion Onion Onion Bar, onion La onion That's a city of Philippines That means the onion Feet didn't know that You are fake dudes Right La onion is not onion, it's you Zedigan Onion Oh, but it's not La onion, onion Oh? No, onion, onion Mashadam, so shawangyang managul Guys, there's a lot of words we didn't show because she's been to America Haleika She's a true provincial Filipina grew up with like chickens And... Super provincial from the Boomdooks of Mendoor Shabuboa-Nigadito We need a true Filipino here She's whitewash She speaks foreign language She lives in Europe for 20 years So this could be a Danish American Compongo accent Spanish-I want Good morning I'm sorry I'm sorry Sorry, sorry Okay, I think she's a... She's also part of the household I see her Instagram stories How do you like the videos of L.A. It's hilarious It's so much fun I especially love how he puts the Pronunciation Yeah It's so good Shabuboa-Nigadito True La Nue The only one Egg Laboo-Pilipina-Frimendoro Backpack Backpack Backpack Backpack Backpack Backpack Backpack Backpack Backpack Backpack Backpack Backpack Say it again Backpack Backpack Backpack Ingrid-Gradio Ingrid-Gradio I'm so shocked, man I can't see what's happening Composo-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Dito The reason I see that It's because I need a Philippines I have a last one I think it's because of the American Oh Okay, well Mustard Mustard I'm gonna put it on Mustard Mustard Mustard Mustard Mustard Jaguar Jaguar Jaguar Abba Jaguar Jagwire What? Jaguar Jaguar Jaguar Jaguar Jaguar Jaguar Jaguar Jaguar Facebook What? Facebook Facebook Facebook Comporter Abba Comporter Comporter Comporter Comporter Which in Tagalog is a Jou- I don't kuchun Kuchun I don't know You don't know You're a cop porter and you're a blanket Misquip Stop saying that I'm afraid to hear that Misquip You know that I'm afraid to hear that Misquip And the state's biscuit is bread But it'll hear Misquip is Misquip is Misquip is You're misquip You're misquip You're misquip You're misquip You're misquip You're misquip You're misquip You're misquip And see Daniel biscuit To him that means cookies Bicch tabo Vegetables Vegetables Vegetables Vegetable Bum Bum Bum Bum Bum Bum English is a really confusing language tree Come to think of it There's so many wooden quantum letters that are just in there Like to be fair Learning Filipino is a lot easier to learn Reading it compared to English From my perspective Yeah, because you read it the way it is written in Tagalog Correct Flour You know, it's a bit of Filipino Flour I got called out instead they're like Flour means Bulaplark You can't use that for baking products Tabi mo gau gau Psh Kokwa Kokwa Kokwa Huh? Kokwa Kokwa Kokwa Kokwa Kokwa Macdo Macdo McDonalds McDonalds McDonalds And the Philippines Macdo Macdo No So you go patayin' Macdo Yeah, you take a good one and you just go to the market And you take a good one and you take a good one Yeah And the states they call it McDonalds But here they actually say Macdo Macdo Macdo Fun fact My sister dated a French guy And in France they also say Macdo But they do it with a French accent Macdo Macdo I should say to my friends in the states Guys, just go to Macdo Let's go to Macdo They'd be so confused Benisto mofoyocapate mohane Date with French It's a bit like Lexi I really like it La L'Evo Jewel Ah, Jewel Jewel Tamaquo Jewel Jewel Ah Ah Oh, I'm not paying you Oh my god Ah, I'm not paying you Look at me, I'm not touching it Oh, every time I'm pressing silent, you take it from me and then you turn it back I didn't touch it, did you put more? I'm calling your phone to check Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous I like that Fabulous Tumeric Tumeric Tumeric Not Tumeric in Tauljan Tumeric is when the car is stopped And I'm in a little hurry But I'm hearing it Tumeric is the best And I'm going to be the best Internet Internet Internet Internet Oh no, Internet Oh no, Mom Oh no Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally Beach Beach Beach Whoosh Okay, that's enough, we're going to get out, they monetize So, yeah, you're free Bye bye Yeah, there was a lot of comments in the last video people saying they're really light this Because one, it's relatable with their partners and two, it was educational Because a lot of people just never realize all these words are pronounced differently, you know And whether it's in a California accent or a Filipino accent or whatever accent Give away Give away Oh, I'm going to give away I think that was it Yes, that was it Wow, that's so cool I just love how he puts in the special effects that makes it so much more funny Oh, such a good video, definitely check it out, we'll link it down below and you can watch it for yourself What's it called? It's called the bad one 15 minutes of giggling non-stop Yeah, so good, we can relate on so many Yeah Lair Lair Thanks I struggle to understand American English very when we move to the US because there's swallow words People would be talking to their lyrd, she's just like Yes Oh, that was funny I didn't get the jokes most of the time, so Also, I would say literally, literally, literally Literally, literally See, it's so hard Literally It Americans are like literally, literally Literally Okay, that video That video Guys, you've been doing this special to give it a thumbs up, subscribe if you knew And we'll see you guys Next time on What's up, Spice Beach Bye-bye