 Hello hello Mabuhai. Hello everybody we are in BGC. We are talking the most modern city you probably have ever seen. This is what Manila is turning into. The future, the modern city, absolutely gorgeous. Wait till you see all of this. I know there's other people that have shown it but we're gonna try to show you something a little bit different than everybody else. Get ready, let's go. One thing you will notice is the streets are absolutely beautiful. Smooth brand new pavement, proper ballards, painting, everything. Beautiful, huge sidewalks. Very easy to walk on. You get people on scooters, you know when people mention to me, hey I'm in a wheelchair and I'm looking to retire here on the Philippines. I always tell them BGC, Makadi, those type of areas. This is the place where you can easily get around and I feel like this is the future. Like this is what's going to happen is more and more construction is going to take place and you're going to see a lot more of this type of development where you are going to have that ease of getting around the really nice parks and a lot of great great food. Some of the biggest companies in the world are located here in BGC. As you can probably see, hopefully right there you got JP Morgan Chase, many, many many big corporations, banking companies, high finance, trading companies, you name it. They're all located in this area. Lots of the signs we recognize. Not to mention a lot of the restaurants here are restaurants you find all over the world. You've got no boo and you've got plenty of Canadian brands. You even have a Texas roadhouse right up there. There's a Timorans, and a Timorans for the fellow Canadians out there. Incredibly, and they're not busy. This is the crazy part. They have all of these things on the sidewalk here. Tables and chairs nicely lit, free available for you to use. You could bring your own food. You don't have to eat it from a specific restaurant. How cool is that? Beautiful. Wow. This place is massive. Right? Okay, first of all, look at this. Let's check this out. Look at this place. I don't even know what land is this, but it feels like a shut. Yeah, she's like, oh, I want to go there. I think it's a grocery store. What is this? Is it diamond in there? It's a diamond grocery store. I can't look how expensive it looks. I'm like, is it gold coated or something? What's going on? And after you have your lunch in this beautiful area that you can eat here for free. Oh, look at that. There's a Ferrari, I think. Ferrari, Lamborghini. It's a common thing around here. But anyway, we'll get to my point. Look at this. They've got foot peddled sinks here for you to wash your hands after you're done eating. Right here on the sidewalk. That's so beautiful and so convenient. Yeah. What the heck? That's all wet, but a little handsy? Very pretty. Beautiful grocery stores. Something you will notice when you're down here is security. Security, security, security, security everywhere. Everywhere, yes. It's pretty how much security there is. Right, exactly. Everything. Road, street, sidewalks. Yeah, everything. So what happened is normally you would have police, you know, patrolling, but here they have BGC security. And so it's all private security everywhere you go. It doesn't matter what part of the street you're in or anything, or even the parks. And the park's closed at 10 p.m. So very strict here. Very, very much by the book. But it keeps the whole area very, very clean and very safe. You can walk around. Yep. All right, we are in the heart of, I guess, what do you call this the food district? Something like that? And all we can see ahead of us is vendors everywhere. So plants right now, but hopefully, hopefully some food. The same lady hasn't eaten yet. I'm hungry. No, no, no, no. It's also good. My one issue is that I love plants, but I cannot keep them a lot. So I want to buy some, but I'm going to kill them immediately. Right. I have the opposite of a green thumb. I have the opposite of a green thumb. So I at least say it can look pretty out here. Okay, but if the cat comes to me, you can't pass them. You can't, you can't feed them. They're spontaneous feeding. It's bad for cats. Can't look so sad that you don't have to pet them. Don't pet that cat. Look it. That's a cat. That's a sad cat. I feel like they'll escort me out with security. I'm going to be like, no, let me pet that cat. They're like, we saw you fill the sign. You just see five security run at me. Tackle you. Yeah. Drag me out. Don't touch that kitty. Oh, are we going to see some real brothers? Yeah, we're going to see some illegal activities. Don't film. Don't film. Don't look. Don't look. Absolutely blown away. How big this city is. We have been walking forever, like a couple of kilometers now and it just keeps going and going. And heels by the way. Oh, she's proud. She's proud she's doing it in heels. Pro walker. Pro walker plus great sidewalks to walk with heels, to be honest. Another thing that we notice is the skyscrapers. Just so many skyscrapers in this one area. Absolutely cool. Look at this. What is this? This is cute. It's well lit as well. It is. All of welcome. Wow. I was just making sure it wasn't one of those like splashpots. Strodic girl. That's it. I'm surprised I didn't fall. Havana's is the flip blocks by the way. Oh, that's who sponsored it. Which I'm like the very look at the table. Those are so fun. Or benches maybe. Yeah, something like that. And they even give you a free charging station over here. Which is supposed to be for your phones I think. But instead they're just charging their scooter. It looks like. No, it's just a lots of regular plug. So I guess so. You plug your electric bike in here. So cool. I want you with those in my house. Oh, yeah. Yeah. This is the kind of aesthetic I'm trying to go for. Okay. I want a fountain. And then I want five chandeliers on top of it. Over top of your outdoor fountain. Yes. Yes. And then I want ten more chandeliers inside that. Fair, fair. Not talking anymore. Big brains. Big brains. Falling over my hands. I'm really cute though. I guess I'll put on that. And then I'm like, beautiful. It's here with my black ball. Well, there's a white one too. Why is it bigger? Huh? What is this? It was 2022, okay? Equal balls. Oh my girl. Look at these stairs. It's like spiral. Yeah, it's like every street you end up on another side that is different from the other. I As you may know, if you watch our other videos, we are from Toronto area of Canada. It does not look this good in Toronto. No. No. You might find a small area. And then when you walk out to the next block or whatever, it's an entirely different picture. But this, this is almost like Disneyland. If you ever been to Disneyland in Florida, where everything is orchestrated and kept clean all the time, there's people that pop out of nowhere and make sure the smallest amount of litter is cleaned up. Like the street sweepers here, there's everything. It is completely structured and organized to run as efficiently as possible. Not like something I've ever seen before at all, other than Disneyland. Yeah, like a mega city. Sweating a lot though. I have to find a place to stop soon. Right behind us is the SM Aura. It looks super fancy. It looks like we couldn't afford it, put it that way. That looks some ritzy SM mall right there. I don't think I could afford to eat it the food court. Well, well, well. I think it's been about two hours of walking. You've done well. I have blessed there's not much meat. Uh-huh. We're doing good. She does. She does. Still trying to decide the best place to eat for tonight. We don't want to, you know, not always eat at the same type of places. So we're always on the lookout, but sometimes we end up having to just settle in the end. But, uh, I think we were like not lost. Obviously we have a phone, but almost lost so many different times because the place is so huge. Look at that. Look at those. There's a lot of cool themes. Like a lot of restaurants because they have small spaces. So they make really good use with their kind of environment. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, they theme everything and each district, it's like districts, have their own like theme. Very pretty. Oh, look at this. Look at that place. They got a van. Check that out. Wow. So it looks like it's running, right? Like by keeping the lights on. So that's really, really cool. So many places to shop for. If you got the big budget, what's that? I can't think you're saying it's a big zone for cats, but you know damn well, cats do whatever they want anywhere, okay? It's a war zone anywhere. Cat, like it's not, you, if you have a house with the cat, it's the cat's house. It's no longer your house. So everywhere I cat lives is like a safe zone. You know what I mean? Cats are always the boss. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. Welcome to Forbes town. I want to cry. I'm exhausted. My feet hurt. But we're here for food now. I had a beach grab. Right on the road. Look at all the sausages. I'm so excited together. I bet. You want it all in your belly. Now. So we've just finished eating in a Forbes town. It was really good. The food was amazing. I'll be an expensive. But good. It was very, very good. And now we're headed home. Okay. My heels cannot take it anymore. Tada! 10 regret wearing heels. Anyways, make sure you subscribe. All that good stuff. And we will see you in the next video. Bye bye guys. Bye bye.