 Future Friday. Differishing. We're gonna be reviewing for the first time Vsion Rock. How freaking cool is that? The band's name, they're very famous. They rose to fame with the rock and they're called Missing File Mon. We're gonna be checking out Sina Sina. We're a bit confused though because we've got the translations, by the way. Nice. A Sebble citizen. A citizen of Sebble has this blog online. I think it's a she and she sort of makes translations and she explains the lyrics. I love that. Could be wrong. Now we're confused though. So somebody explained this. There's Vsion Regions. Vsion, yeah. Sometimes it's spelled with B. Sometimes it's spelled with a V. Sometimes it's spelled with a V. Right? And also. Do those citizens come from Sebble? Yeah. Because they're idols. It's not a lot of artists as well that are from there. I don't confuse. Bally only knows. Last bean yes. She wants to live there because she sounds funny. Because that's one of my favorite fruits in Spanish. Yeah. Anyways. I want to give you a spin. Somebody help us out. Very damn famous. Look at this. Jesus Christ. Taka, taka, taka. Oh. Yes. Sina, Sina. I seem like. No, because it's not Tagalog. It's best I can remember. Drink responsibly. It's good advice. I'm not gonna say that. I'm not gonna say that. I'm not gonna say that. I'm not gonna say that. I'm not gonna say that. I'm not gonna say that. I'm not gonna say that. It's good advice. Ugh. Wow, this is this reminds me so much of like Spanish rock Yeah, from back home when you when you see what also when you go to the festivals back home in Venezuela Rock festivals back in the day. Yeah, I always see that whenever I listen to feel this is this is insanely accurate. I agree I Okay, I love the freaking enthusiasm My new favorite rock band Panahon Historia Well, I don't see I don't know maybe again. I don't know Maybe some specific is the one that to make it accessible to the whole of the Philippines Maybe See it seen it so it could be seen For me those is That was nasty. Yeah, nice right? That was nasty. Go put it back I Is there something so cool about making rock in a major key So actually contrasting it's such a cool just a position So What a bang Please Imagine belt is from the top of your lungs, bro Buto So Nice. Alright, if my guitarist and bassists don't live their best life and they wish both they don't want anything. Territor! I love him. Territ, a bunch of nice lads. Right? That's what a band is about ladies and gentlemen. That's why as I said in the previous video you must explore your favorite genres from different parts of the world. You like rock, explore it from different parts of the world. Yes. You not just US rock, UK rock, go to France and listen to French rock, go to the Philippines, listen to Filipino rock and then go even deeper, then go to different regions. I totally agree. There's something so cool about that. Go to Brazil, go to Spain, go to Argentina. Here is every other Philippines. Philippines has underrated rock bro. Let me explain to you how this whole thing sparked my brain when he came to alternative rock. I have a group listening to alternative rock. So I grew up in South America, we grew up in South America. Puerto Rico. No. But yeah, I was just saying we grew up in South America. We grew up listening to a lot of Latin music because there is just regionally what was happening in the moment. But my dad had an alternative rock band and we listened to a lot of alternative rock growing up from the US, from America. A lot of it from the UK too. Given the fact that they kind of like invented the genre here basically, after beetles I would say. But anyways, the whole point is that it was mainly the UK and the US that kind of like saturated my whole perspective of what alternative rock was and like set my own boundaries in it. But then Mexico came with a surge of like punk that was in Spanish. And they did this thing where they would write songs in major keys and sing in Spanish. And that's in me was completely wild in the whole alternative rock idea. Fast forward a few years later, I mean like a whole decade later and we're here in London and we stumble across some of like the coolest bands. The whole thing was so crazy to me that you could have that idea of alternative rock in different languages like at the Faslam from Pakistan. Freaking any Indian band rock that does rock. It's so freaking cool. They've got this whole thing China. Whatever you want to listen from China is freaking fabulous. South Korea. Like the whole Asian continent, it just has down with the whole alternative rock thing. And it just broadened my horizons into like how passionately amazing the genre can be in different parts of the world. Really wiggly, wiggly pedal is cool. This is a six on. But But but Oh We love that Be your baby I Nice, not give me another minute of up and play I hate rock by the way. I love that dude That was my whole world. I don't really like rock. It's not my thing but let's go 11 to I was like 17 disturbed paparot everything is rock in my life But but I loved rock I never did Maybe because she liked it, you know, and he was just like a scene exactly And here's its translation So refers to the actual playing characters like in a cinema So we were right. There's nothing else that we can do then it goes Candela, which means candle Candela in Spanish means like fire like it's like Candela, Borral Anyways, it goes laughter that's paid by stolen peso From low less worn out wallets Lola means doesn't like like grandmother Shadow of the paper actor or actresses we named Pedro and Sabel They are the stars of a story. I suppose they're okay of a love that will never be fulfilled So he's telling a story. He's telling a story then he goes when we were young that scene a cine cine cine sa batapa When we were young hope he will never end But it is in Tagalog no I think so even with the flow of time Gaze upon the scenes that will pass everyone will be able to relate let's witness the flow of time all the common years Panahorn means And then it says just continue your strides don't be afraid a light will illuminate your dark way Including the heaven that's like a white sun Life is like a crooked tail happiness pain and pleasure Ooh, that sounds like a baggings after they know you there are the stars of this movie about a love that will never be fulfilled Cene Panahorn I love that song. Okay, and then she says as the citizen of cebu I can't help but feel proud of these songs And I feel I am rather fit for me to share why good on you mate good on you That was a very good That was a very good Prohensive that was a very comprehensive People had blogs not vlogs blogs with a B. They were used to write them. Yeah There were some really Invested people I never read a whole day and zero followers come on come on somebody if you still have a blog spot go follow this person Okay, give them one