 Payan buta ang mga bash mga ba? Siya, mam buta, kasi arit aran. Karun ka upan ako? Siya, Kate. Ang tergiat diri sa bintana sa para iso. Where is this place? Which one? Binu saran. Binu saran. So Karun mag-story lang kami. Chikachika lang, Chis-Mis Gamay. Ula kami plan ang mga isa, story na makarun. Karun, maling alang. Maling alang takarun. Oksi, mam, Joy mag-bisa ng Sakarun, so. Ay, mga splade. Splade. Saksugun, sugunata. Ikaw bahala. Okay. Kaw bahala sa bisa na, Karun. Okay. Pagasaka. Woohoo! Mayongan ayong kagayaw. Ayam. Ayagak sa mambahal dir. Mambahal? Sintero, sintero. Sintero sa mambahal. Go sa merkado. Ikaw zahit, aga asaman ka? Mahinog, hubangon. Actually, representing. Yeah, representing. Dajin, diayin. Yeah, so I'm down the other end. Sa isla. Pero, Karun, si mana minaka ila? Di to sa usapaka min tanas pa, para iso. Where is that one located? Nasa. Nasa. Karun. Pero best friends na kami. So, that's why we're making this video. But, it's very fun. Ay, wala kami buhatam, Karun. Waling al-Karun, so. Video-vidjod. Okay. Sa paggir. I-off sa last one, sa. Okay. Okay. Visaya, visaya. Okay. Kanosa. When? Yep. Kanosa. Open here. Yay! Why are you here, guys? Kanosa na abri hangin. That's why we're making this video. Nasa. That's been open for three years. And this one is like 12 months. So, it's been a year. What's one year? It's a tattoo egg. It's tattoo egg-yood. So, Karun, Nekboya sa cekalafornya. Pero, sige sa balik dresa. Kamigin. Nasa. Nego-shodito. Huk na pocha nego-shod dres. Masganandaw sa magtrapau dres, kaay? Muskanant sa mutabang sa mga local. Gifback sa yang community, ba? De ba? Yes, yes. That's my vision for Bintana. It's really to develop Kamigin on talent or anywhere we can open. And make them to be a rock star where they can be sustainable under their own business. That's my goal. Like, train them to the best employee. And then they can do it now. What was your inspiration for that? I think, you know, I grew up very poor. I grew up poor, living in Salmanbahau. Naki da nakil at home family. They succeeded running a business. My mother started that pastel. Oh, yeah. So, it was started at home grandmother. I think it's from her, my grandparents. So, I saw how they were able to build a business and employ more employees. So, that gave me a confidence like, okay, they've done it. I can hear them saying that. So, that was my drive of opening a business. Because, back then, I was slave labor. Like, making face trees. We used to go to booked. And, they used to go to booked. They used to go to the best place with play over. So, we used to go to Sunday, collect booked, and then we dried out, we chop it. Into pieces and dried out. And that's how we bake the pastel back in the day. When I was in a pastel, I was in a pastry. I was in a pastry. I was in a pastry. I was in a pastry. I was in a pastry. So, I was in a pastry. So, my mother was in a pastry. So, my family was my grandmother. My grandmother and then my aunt's. So, my mom's mother. So, my mother and my sister, they're still involved. But, I moved and did my own. Because I'm hard at it. It's a bull. I'm a bull. Is that bull? Yeah, I'm a bull. I'm a bull. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. Well, my parents had a business here as well. So, like, back when we lived here in 1994 to 1999, I think. I was batapa, but they had a cafe called Koala. And it was down the other end of the island. But yeah, my family has had... It's written comedian for a long time as well. So, it's nice to see comedian flourishing, finally. What was the top seller food in Koala? Lechamano? Yeah. Just the... The classic liquor. Yeah, we also used to sell it from our house as well. And then on weekends, they had a stall at the Cockfight. Oh, you're a bull. Yeah. And then our house was also a karaoke bar. So, sabakao. Was that still the same now? That knows. It's just the house now. Actually, it's not even the house now. So, what do you like about comedian yourself? I like to eat chicken feet. And then, I like to eat secret feet. I eat sabakao and secret. So, I like to eat chicken feet. I also like to play music in the past because of my relatives. When I go out to play, I press... Be careful of walk. And go straight remind me of myself. This is my third time. Third time, I like to play more and I like to compete with them. So, since I have been dating. And, like, first time I played with Dealeron and I was there. Yeah, though it was your first trip together. ...Suroey. Wow. So, could we get his memo all that? Very memorable. We even have, we had a dog here, we adopted a dog. But, no, it doesn't like it. He's not nice anymore, so we had a dog. But today, Junior, he was a puppy. Kato ng batapasal, linggal kaya sa ganan sa namo. And then, nivali ka middari daco na sa dinasagananamo. Dishamu at bang namo. Suppaladu kaya. What is that? So, ba halak na sa? Na nakawin. Sleptan na, my room. Sleptan bet with her? Ya, he, he, I got him clean. I gave him his first bath. Because he was just a street dog? Yeah, actually, we just saw him, like, underneath my, I think it's my cousin. My cousin's, like, house, and I was like, oh, that's cute. Can I take your dog? And they're like, okay, no problem. And then, and then I gave him back after a few days. And, because we had to leave the island. He forgot about it. Maybe he's chapped because we abandoned him. But... Yeah, maybe. Where you got Gary? Yo, we do have Gary. Yeah. Not my dad. Kona mo direesa kami again. Ani mo direesa, bintar na sa Pariso. Direesa boke dnaisila. Iro na siya. Gary taro boba isa. Dishala laki, huh? Mataimo sugrumusukot sa. Supos na siya mga anak. Naga may. Pero na tago, or na sa augman sila. Pakabok. Doa kabok. But we can't find them. Vasinu, supos sabalaay. Vasin. No, supos sabalaay, yes, sitting here. Yeah. Supag. Mani mo direesa, dha, kona sila, supura. Tak, tak. Tak, tak. No, tak, tak. Yes. And you have... How many kids? I have two kids. I have boys... Joshua and Luke and their 13 and 17 or so. Do they know Besaya? No. Can they understand? No. I know. You got to bring them here. Yeah, you guys see them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They know when a mad, cause it's the thing tone. You speak sayon. Yeah. Who? Mamulika. Mamulika. Bad words. Bad words. When you translate in English, how do you... How is that bad words when you say at the... I can't read that. Yeah, like the bad one. We'll put it. Yeah, does he really translate? No, it doesn't. Not bad in English. Yeah, it's not bad in English. Like one of the words that's bad in Besaya means devil. Insect devil, but that's not bad. Insect devil. Like liver. But if it's Besaya then... Like how is the liver? It's not bad. Yeah. Like, do you know why? Yeah, do you know why? Oh, you liver. Yeah, so how do you... I guess. That's very interesting. And how many times have you... I mean, you've been here maybe four or five times. But they were very young. But last summer they were here. I feel so like construction back. Construction workers. Because I want them to really know the culture. Yeah. But them to work. And... I think they're really good at it. Really? Yeah, they're good at it. Really? They're good at it. They're good at it. They're good at it. And your one and I are scared of the... Yes, oh my God. I've been trying to... convince them to stay here for the summer. But the drama is really shocking. I'm really scared of the people. They don't want to do it. He tells me like, I don't want to marry them to me like... or me like, you're cool. So, what do you think about the people in the village? I think it's because I'm not a dumb. But the director is looking for a bookcase. But he's not a dumb guy. Yeah, but I think he was fine the last visit. Like it now. Good. Yeah, they like their free massage because it's cheaper. Right? Yeah. You get a massage every day. Yeah, your masseuse is so good. I... I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. You're okay? I was... Yeah, I was first. And then I woke up and I was like, Oh, it's finished. It's finished. It's done. Thank you for the food. Thank you for the food. And I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it with the food. What? Oh, I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it with the food. I was just kidding. Oh. I want to be awake. I want to be awake. Hi, I'm going to eat it with the food. I'm going to eat it with the food. It's fine. Yeah. It's good. Yeah, it's good. She's very good. It's her number. You have her number. I wonder what you thought. She's not... She's not going to give that up. It's your secret? Yeah. I don't know if I should do it with the food. She's going to eat it. Do you think it's enough? No. You think it's enough? I think you'll be looking for a YouTube channel. No. Alright. Well, do not follow Kate. Now. Business, I'll be looking for a business. I'm going to buy a single one. That's right. That's what I'm going to buy. I'll be buying one. I'll be looking for a YouTube channel. I'll be buying one. Is that enough? Bkay in sa ar bladang mo, It's so hard with the baby. Can we eat? What's your favorite place in gemaaktek It? Well, this is my favourite place. Is it but it's good for reply it's from that? I do like 만들ga. I like the lime seeds. I like the lime seeds. I like to see it on their traщее. I like it in prohibited kinds ofinana po Or else it's filled in more. Alright, I mean I always see it in weed. I must agree with you. backdrop t n 옷 n stellt itin Okay rubice verungo minim Okay Mati tower gre société deki na nis Delta In we're too quotety put to buy up ay yung We get super sunburig Ya, they're like, no I drink some real look at the big ones Yeah, you drink so long, you gonna like I get super sunburig last time Yeah, you have to be smart Yeah, I like Matigit, because it has trees I like the island where it has a tree Yeah And I just discovered to have a bridging between the forest I didn't know that Did you know? Did you know? No It's like a... It's like a kind of... No, hanging, but it's like a... Bridges just go to the forest, but it's like a bamboo bridge You walk across Kind of like a mangrove bridges to have Yeah, it's cool Which part of the community is the bridge? Which tourist spots? Tourism Like I love Matigit as well And like, Mahinoag pride It's really bad in the web as well And like, my favorite memory is coming back here Before it was super touristy We had our own boat So we would just take our own boat Over to Matigit Just from almost by our house across there And just with my family I love that So yeah What else? I love... Oh, I loved Arden when it was super hot But it's a bit cooler Cool, it's like a warm yeah Yeah Yeah, I loved going to Arden Yeah, something... They used to be my favorite when it was warmer Yeah Because then when you're done Then you just go look at it, go look at it Let me get it But now it's not as warm What's your favorite spot in the community? People Never been I'm not sure I've never been But one day I will hike it But probably myself By yourself, yeah And I was only... She has like terrible lungs I have asthma Oh yeah, but I'm lying Yeah, bad lung So if any of you want to hike he booked with me But you need a guide We have a guide We have a guide? Yeah, we have eight guests last week One third for us Oh yeah, yeah He booked he booked it It's a good guide That's the giant volcano in the silent Just one of the many volcanoes I've heard it's very tricky He heard it's a gnarly hike Yeah, when my dad lived here Way, way back He was in Mambahau at his Sookie bar And a foreigner Yeah, a foreigner came in And he was like had Like a broken leg And cuts all over him And dad was like, what happened to you? And this guy Hikes he booked he booked by himself Without a guide? What? And fell down he booked he booked Tumbled down Yeah, but not the whole way I mean that would be a long fold But you know, enough to break your leg Yeah, it's very tricky especially when It's a rainy season No, I want to go We need to hike on this lowly We need to hike tomorrow Tomorrow Oh, Gary, the guy that has a dog He's not having a dog No, he's the guy He's the one of the guys Is he a foreigner? What? Is he a foreigner or something? No, he's a foreigner Gary, Gary We all have a bad name Like JR Yeah, hello Hello, hello Hi, I'm a foreigner So why are you doing kaloing? Because everyone calls me Carl's in And that's not my name So I just go to Kaloing I did a vote on Instagram What my beside nickname is And since Carl's Is to Kaloey And Carl's own is close to Carl's They just name me Kaloey So it's easier for The locals to remember Otherwise, they have a hard time remembering Carl's in Or they say Carl's in Kaloey I have two nicknames There is a comedian The first one is Koala Because of the cafe that my parents had Some people didn't realize It was named after the Australian animal And they thought it was named after The Anok So even now, I'm 24 And people who knew the cafe back then And they'd be like, Ah, Koala Like, okay, sure And then my other nickname is Joey Because sometimes people have a hard time saying Zoe Zoe? Yeah, so they're like, I'm like, oh, my name is Zoe Like, oh, Joey, I'm like That's close enough with you Yeah, so now I'm just like, hey It's called Kaloey a lot I also get called Kaloey But that's just like everyone Not just in the Philippines Yeah, my grandma calls me Kaloey Because we saw some art Yeah, and like, sometimes people will write Kaloey, my name is right there Yeah, it's a very unique name though Like I've never heard of Zoe Yeah, except for your other cousin Yeah, that one There's a decent amount of Zoe's But never spelled through it Yeah, it's your E, it's normal Or ZOWIE Yeah, that's special And you have it Because my dad likes David Bowie and singing That's why It's gonna be careful Because sometimes it cuts off if it's too long Yeah, yeah 19 minutes That was good So, what's up? What's up? I think you're looking for a good guy So, I'll tell you One almost two quarks That's five times Five times? Two look, no, five It's a good guy Yeah, we end in this bad boy Yeah, you got everything you wanted Yeah, yeah At least for this time Because, I'm not sure Stay tuned in your podcast No, I don't know And her tental, don't forget that No, that's a good one So, that's the name of your song And the conversation you're talking about And besides this, mom Joy And the great improvements Yeah, that was hard But What's the word? It's not gahey What's the word? They saw it Alright, finish your off Alright, so that's it for today And we'll see you again Bye Yes sir That was good