 Hey guys, well I'm here at the bus station. I'm still waiting for another bus going to our village. So I'm not really sure what time they are coming but the guy I asked told me that probably I still need to wait at least three or four hours. Basically here, okay so as you can see there's a lot of store. There's a lot of people here that are waiting for the buses to come and yeah, people see what they're doing. I can't wait to see your daughter and also my wife. I'm gonna show you the buses. And there you can see a lot of store. You can buy everything you want. By the way guys, I bought this one for $10. So this is a present for my daughter because she likes this one. It consists of different biscuits inside so happy time. These are my bags. My laptop is here and I'm waiting for the bus. It's a super line bus. So let's just wait. My dad, I look so haggard. I really want to get to take a shower. But still need to wait. Every bus that is coming, I always check them if that's the bus that will pass in our village. Right now, it's now. So I'm just gonna update Kilaavis at time home. See you there. Love you. Hi, love you. Good afternoon, January 14th. And welcome back to my YouTube channel. Again, my name is Philippine Petite. In a period of week, please don't forget to like and subscribe. You will help me in my channel, too. So thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. By the way, I just got home because me and my sister went to the store to buy the things that we need inside the house. And today I'm gonna show you what I bought with my $8. Okay. So starting with the chicken corn. So this is what I feed for my chicken. Okay. We are feeding them like a fresh corn before guys. But since my dad isn't here now, so no one is planting the corn. I have the second thing that I bought is the biscuit for my daughter. So this is for her one week snacks in school. This they are not allowed to go out. And I have heard the bread. So usually if you come here in the province or any other provinces, you will see a lot of different sizes of bread like this, but the same ingredients. So it's nice to eat it with coffee or tea. And then the favorite drink of my little girl. Now I have here the vegetable that probably you are not familiar, but this is what I'm going to cook tonight. This is a string beans and this is good with some meat. So I don't know the price is now, but all in all, I use $8 for all of this stuff. I have soy sauce because it's really important for Filipino soy sauce. And then here, did you know that here in the Philippines, Labis, you will get used to it. We are using a lot of plastic. So now if you cannot afford to buy the bulk or one plastic bag of sausage, then you can buy three pieces, five pieces or in pieces. I also got four pieces of pork chop. Again, plastic. And I have here the two leg of chicken. So my daughter asked me, Mom, can you buy for me my favorite tom and this is it guys, four pieces. So the last one that I want to show you is the oil. Since if you know the store are selling like a portion depends on how much money you have, then they will put it on the plastic. And some people that are rich, they can afford to buy the oil, the canola, all the sunflower oil in the barrel. But for us, we have the smaller store here so they are selling like that. And the funny thing was the owner of the grocery does not have two pieces of change. So instead, she gave me the calamansi, which an ingredient if you are cooking a toboi or Filipino food. So this is kind of sour. Similar to lemon, but just smaller. So instead of giving me change to pieces, this is the change now. Okay, so I wanted to show it to you lobby. So I have here the meat and this is good for like three or four days for us. So since a lot of you been asking me how was my Manela trip, I'm going to tell you a story before I forget about that experience. Okay. My trip was good. I stayed for five days there. I was very expensive for me guys, but I really have to do something really important. That is the reason why I had to go to Manela. Now I just got home yesterday and I slept for like half day. And by the way, love is I want to tell you a story what happened when I was still there. So I was eating in the Jalibi and a group of Western people sat next to my table. They called the waitress and they ordered the food. So after like 10 minutes, the waitress came and bringing their food serving them and they were like wondering, okay, when the waitress left, they were talking like, no, this is not proper. They are like being upset of something that I still don't know because I was just listening to them. They were wondering because the portion of the sauces, the spaghetti and even the cutting of the chicken and Jalibi is in the same like the portion that they have in the US. So for your information, love is so it will not happen to you when you come. Portioning and sizes here in the Philippines are smaller compared to Western countries. So if you want to have a bigger fries, bigger burger, even like gravy or the cutting of the chicken, that will be an additional fee for you. So here in here is in smaller portion and sizes, okay. You can finish the whole pizza by eating it alone or the big burger or the big drink. But here in our country, we usually share it with our friends. I think we have like the smaller, you know, appetite and that is the reason why restaurant, fast food and everything here is in smaller sizes. So in the end, they were like calling the manager complaining, this is not the same in the US. And the manager was explaining to them that, yes, we know that this isn't the same portion in the USA, but this is the Philippines, this is what it is. So for you to avoid complaining in any fast food or restaurant, guys, I am warning you now that you will be much healthier here, chicken, pizza, burgers, drinks, cakes, anything sweet, then, okay. So my daughter is here. I'm going to give her the seedle. Okay. Now, yeah, I'm blogging. So that's what my experience. And eventually guys, they ask me, is it really like that here? Because we taste Jolly V in the US and they are different. Yes. If you order in the restaurant, Lavise, just ask the waitress, how big the portion is? Because probably you are expecting that this is good for two person, the one that is written in the menu. But then when you see it, you think that you can finish like three order of that food. So that's it. That's just the things that I want to tell you so you won't be shocked. Now, I want to mention about my trip. There's a lot of you been asking me through email about this hotel that I stayed and the hotel was called Cabayan Hotel. So that is in Pasay City. It was like a three star hotel, guys. But most of all, if you are picky and you want really a good service, of course, you can check the booking.com or Agoda for like best hotel. Because although it is good for me since I'm a Filipino and I don't come playing like how their service was, you can find like a four star or five star hotel depends. As I've said, if you are picky and a picky afford it. But for me, that's what I can afford. So that's why I stayed for the three star hotel only. The good thing about the hotel is because they are close to the airport. They are close to everything, the NBI or National Bureau of Investigation, which I really need to get some paper there. And then near the mall, close to the metro, train and everything. And the cabs, jeep, knees and everything is close to the hotel. So that's it, Lavies. I hope you enjoyed this vlog. And if you do, please consider liking and subscribing. See you on my live stream from maybe next day. Okay. Thank you so much and advance and I love you all. Bye.