 Okay good morning another day another dollar okay both Hong Kong and the looders are back so a lot of work to do first of all I'm gonna go and buy some honey flex to make the fascia roof fascia so let's do that and it's plenty more okay Yeah, it comes so fast here. What can we do? I mean, very sick. This naughty wick I would have really bad cough. But sometimes it's better just keep going with the activities. And you don't feel that sick. Okay, I'm back here for some honey flakes. Honey flakes. Yeah, ready to play first. Press. I've probably gone out quite a fair bit since I started my house. I think I have to pay them $5.25. Now it is $6.55. $6.55. Like you only need three of us. I just got back home and I got a crew of people here for a while. They give me a collection of $850 pesos per foot. The estimate that that would be about $75 to $80. That's a lot of money, at least $68,000 pesos. So we think about what we're going to do. They found the water, they found the best place to dig. And that's here next to the coconut tree left over there. It's a piece of timber. That's what they're going to dig. Interesting. Okay, so we're going to make the fascia with this. And we're going to put in green. Oh, we've got enough paint. Already preparing lunch. I just have toector it. Okay, 30 gentleman driver. I think that they found this. They found the Jackson Country in Nice. We went looking for it. As shelinger. 12 to go I think. Yeah I will use a roll. Quick a better. For the second coat. I think you should use the roller. You see all the mark. Thank you. I think you should use the roller. I am going to eat my special meal is ready. And I am going to eat now. That is it. Simple but I love it. First I will tune in with white cream and egg. I am going to eat my special meal. I am going to eat my special meal. I am going to eat my special meal. I just chopped this off. We are going to get the flush towards the outside. We don't get any water here. That will fix one thing. Let's do that. Let's go. Okay. I am going to eat my special meal. I am going to eat my special meal. I am going to eat my special meal. Quick. How you clean this? I am going to eat my special meal. I am going to eat my special meal. I am going to eat my special meal. I am going to eat my special meal. I am going to eat my special meal. I am going to eat my special meal. I'm pretty rivet because with the weight of the water this thing will come off. It happened before. Okay, it's much better system. When we open this up the water splash of water just fall there not inside here. Let's fix it. Okay, next job. Looking beautiful. Beautiful. Get in there. What are you doing here Tiger? Tiger is a robot and elbow dog. Still a puppy so he come here to seduce Lily. He's a boy, yeah, danger. They make babies. But Mimi won't maybe let it happen. So I will see. Tiger's love J.M. You can see that. Okay, for Mimi jealous. Tomorrow morning we're starting stalling. There will be two people here. Tomorrow we'll bring his brother first thing tomorrow. Okay, so we decided not to go ahead with the well. One reason is that it's too much money at the moment. It's gonna go... It's gonna bring out budget. Much too high and we don't have that. We don't have that money for that really. Starlink is on the menu. So we better buy another tank. Best tank, 1,500 L. And then we go to the one the Apple tank that you feed the house by gravity. And I think we really convinced it's gonna be plenty enough. We managed to one week there hasn't been reading and we had a small tank. And after one week still water in there. And we had to empty it to move the tank out to the carpboard. So it's only 450 L. One week. We got 1,500 L as three weeks. It doesn't run for three weeks in the now. I don't think so. And the water's a much better quality. Of course they are contaminated somehow but well we hear a lot of stories. Have a contamination. Have a getting low in level and there's no water coming in only mad. Many stories contaminated by septic tank in the area. It's gonna be a lot of houses and septic tank around here. And who knows how those septic tanks are efficient. They're gonna crack and all the thing goes into the soil. You know, we think that we're gonna be all right by harvesting our water. Yeah. Confident. So no well. No at the moment at least. That's the decision. Thank you for watching this video and till the next video. Take care, God bless. Bye bye.