 Music Music Looks like everybody's getting out in the bout again. Post super typhoon pateen. We're in Castilejo's heading towards San Antonio. Today is 31 October. It's about 314 pm. It pretty much just cleared up now. For us to get out of the house, there was since yesterday morning, or late early, excuse me, early Sunday morning. Nothing but heavy rains and winds, strong winds. I did the super typhoon, so we put him on a state home. We didn't go out. We didn't get out in it. We lost electric in the afternoon. Off and on for several hours. Finally shut off around 6-something. Didn't come back on to the 11th night. Then it went off and on a couple of times during the night. Then this morning, we had electric, of course, but then no Wi-Fi all day. I'm not sure when I'm going to build up. This last time we had this issue, I took like a day, a full day, 24-hour day for them to get the Wi-Fi back running. Hopefully that's not the case here. Anyway, you don't see too much damage here. We hope everyone made it through okay. We know not everyone did, but you know, prayers out to those people who lost folks during this thing. So anyway, I wanted to go over to the land that heard the waters up to the bridge now. I want to see the flooding issues since the rice fields are not there or haven't been. I've already harvested, so I want to have a look to see if the waters as bad as it was before. So anyway, I'll record some more once we get there. Just wanted to kind of let you know what we're doing. That's the rice fields just full of water, so eventually they're going to be releasing all that. Okay, folks. Hi, ciao. Well, I thought the rain was over. We're near San Antonio. And this is hopefully the goal away. So we'll get a chance to look see. Oh, look at that. Maybe we just hit a rough patch. Anyway, it stopped now. There's the fields to the right, so there's the rice fields over there. So all that water is going to be released. So we'll see. Anyway, I just wanted to show that we can now put it hard there for a minute. Here comes off and on. Hi, folks. Hi, Dennis. Yeah, it's flooding again. I can see the water from back here. Some probably just going to pull up what we normally do and then just get out and walk a little bit. Just me, I'm going to leave Lady Jazz and the kids in the truck because it's too dangerous for Lady Jazz. She's due to get birth any any week now. Oh, wow. It's more flooded than normal, babe. I'm going to stop up here. Yeah. Yeah, we'll get all that moved later. I'm just going to stop here. So we're going to back out and I'm going to walk up. You guys stay here, okay? Let me call us. Okay, I'm out of the truck. I'm going to leave the Lady Jazz and the kids here. We're just down. Bye, buddy. I'll be back. Got my little handy dandy little stick for balancing. Yeah, this is worse than before because the water before never came out up to here. Okay, never did. It stayed over that area, that low area. So we had a lot more heavy rains, more stronger winds, this typhoon than the other ones that came close near. But not like this one. This one just came off almost right through. It's the outer end winds out anyway. So I'm going to walk through this. And bamboo down here, this one my property begins for the new subscribers. It's going to walk slowly. And this will be new for the new folks. Folks have been around the while. You've seen this before. Maybe not this bad. There's a plan in the future to take care of all this. I just don't have the money to do it now. So we're going to live through this rainy season. Yeah, oh yeah. Look at this. It's all the way over here. Look at that. It's all the way here. And this is deep. This is probably going to come up to my knees. I want it to go further. But I can't. Well, I can, but I'm not going to hold my phone while I'm doing it. So I'm going to pause it here then cross. Okay, I just came through that portion. Yep, it was up to my knees. See it back over there. All the way over there. Completely around that stump. You can see the current coming rushing through over there. It's a little break in the wall right over there. A couple of places I see some seepages and stuff. We're going to patch all that up in the future. Just wanted to show this. I'm going to go further. And then I'll point out a few things for the new folks. Okay, I made it this far. I need this house. This wall right here for the new folks. That's the boundary to my land. What I'm standing right now, back to where my truck is. It's about a couple meters wide. It's my right of way, my property I bought and paid for it. That might have ladies jazz in here. So that's my home right there. And then all that all the way back, yonder. So this is my boundary wall that I put in. And yes, it's going to go higher. And it's going to go that way. Okay, to prevent all this you see here. From happening all this. Now this is nine-hours property. And this water is coming from the neighbors field. So it's already coming from directly ahead. So if I block off, raise this wall and put me a wall up that way. I'm just keeping the water from coming to my property. It's just going to go in through the canal. And down here, like it is now. Nothing better, nothing, no worse for the Nileet. I wouldn't do that to it. I've said that before. But that's planned for the future when I get some money. When I'm standing now, I am going to concrete it. Okay. I'm going to put a culvert just for the new folks again. Right over there. I'm concrete it up to where just before the truck is. So I have something hard to drive on. The water still going to flow through the culvert. And over the concrete way. But I'm going to have hard concrete to drive on in the future. Okay. So all this here shouldn't be happening once I get my wall up. All this will. It will go from here all the way that way and make it run. Water is also coming in over here. You'll see it later here. I'm going to keep this on so I don't have to keep stopping it. It's in second. Navigate fairly easier now. I didn't change my slippers. I shouldn't know better. I have my slip ons. I don't have my crocs which hold better to my feet. These almost come off every time I step. You can see it's all the way up to the bridge. It's just a small space there. So again, the bridge culvert is working functioning. The dirt levy is functioning. There's no water up front except the rain water. And over here you'll see it for the new folks. We had a smaller cover before we had to tear it down. It couldn't handle it so we made a three channel. It flooded the area in there. That's just the rain water that's going to go away probably by tomorrow. Over here. We sandbagged it here. All the way over here. Sandbagged it looks like it's holding up pretty good. Maybe a little bit of leakage maybe. I don't know. But you see by there's no heavy current here. That's why. So again, we're going to wall up here eventually here. We're going to have the front wall here, obviously. There, all the way back to the land. Because the neighbor's property floods. And then back there where it's sandbagged it floods back there into it as well. So I'm not going to walk through there. I know what I'm going to find. The septic tank will probably be filling full of water. Oh, hey, the cubo! Hello! So, he's not going to get asked at afternoon. Stay and dry. So it's created quite a mess. Probably the thing that process now that it's fixing to back up. The limb already fixed it. One of the limbs over here. One of the trees fell down and knocked the tent wire down. But the other J fixed it. So anyway, so we're just coming out. There's nothing wrong with the house. We took the screen door down because it was flapping in the wind. All right, folks. I just wanted to come over here and have a look. So you see over here is pretty much no water for the new folks. Most of it sits over here. And this will be the first area I fell in and dirt in. And then this will just go away. Hello, Lynn! Hello, Jaja! Hello! Hello! Huh? Okay, let me end it here and see if I can... I have to check with brother J. Make sure they're okay. They're all right. See just a little bit. That's all. There's the water and it closes out through here. So again, the dirt lab is holding up. The sandbags are holding up and in the back a little bit. He confirmed that the septic tank hole that we dug is full of water. So that's going to lay until it's gone. Oh, finishing that. Always something here. Got to keep laughing. Always something. But once we get everything in place, we're going to be okay. It's just getting there and getting the stuff in place. All right, we're getting that. Well, I keep telling the lady, Jaja, she gets a little stressed out. And I'm going to press sometimes. I said, don't worry, baby, once we get everything in place, it's going to be fine. This is the fun part. This makes life interesting, life fun. Once we get all in place, you're going to be bored. But we'll find something to do. We'll throw up something somewhere. It's enjoyably fun and exciting. I'm sure. Okay, folks, I'm just going to make my way back and back to truck out and get some snacks for the young ones. I told them they stay awake, we'll get them some snacks. You know how they're just a kid. They're getting that truck and they pass out. All right. I'd like to show them more, but I'm not going to go all the way up to the house. And the other J was just grouting the tiles while the teams away. I don't expect the team to come back tomorrow. Because last time we had a storm, just a tropical storm. One of the workers house was messed up, so he stayed back to fix it, rebar. I think it hit Tawlick probably harder than it hit us, so I'm expecting the phone call delaying their return, which is perfectly understandable and acceptable. We'll just do what we can here until they do come back. You know, we got to take care of the family. I'll perfectly understand that for our anyone. All right, folks. Until the next time. Child, right? Yeah, just noticed this. This bamboo that's down, I noticed that while I go, but now I see it. It's on our electrical wire. This is our wire here, that pole goes here, so we'll get to the other J. We're going to call him when we get back to the truck ready to know that's what's up with that. Be careful. So when he takes these down, be careful with that. Hopefully straight back up. I don't think it affected their electricity yet. Don't want it to, so we'll let him know that. Anywhere, all this set area right here, four meters is mine. About split, about halfway there. Four meters over. All the way back to my right away that I purchased. Jazz and I purchased. I always say I purchased, but it's ours. It's long as she lets me stay. All right, guys, I just want to point that out. I'm going to back out of here. I don't want to get stuck anywhere. This is what I got to back out. All the way back out there, but I got one of the cameras, so it's nice. The only thing is, backing out in the highway, we have to be careful with that. Hope you guys change spots, didn't you? Ziggy. All right, we're going to go now. Looks like a big rain coming up here at Dark Files. All the way over there. We'll put my stick up. We're going to head out.