 I think it's made Molly Hill because she was so excited shouting along singing along Manila This job was made from Lo stressful The job was made as a man who was about to take my words and I was ag cut Judging from our approach Guys love water Moving to water Right guys welcome back to another video. I don't know how to start this is like honestly blown away by the opening ceremony. I was just going to say that I'm not very well. I've got a very sore throat and I think I used all my energy at the opening ceremony. I think people went. Yeah I think it's made Molly Hill because she was so excited shouting along singing along my nila. As you could tell by the video my I was singing so much that song. So catchy all we've done in sang it like the whole thing back. It was just amazing and I yeah that's what basically was like that. I don't know where to start. We were going to do a normal daily vlog that you would have seen after because it wouldn't have been see games related but we didn't have any point really. Molly's not well and two we keep getting the warnings about the super typhoon. It's on its way to make them in there. So fingers crossed it doesn't hit and if it does we hope everyone is okay. On a bright and a happier note the opening ceremony the Philippines needs to be so so proud of like an incredible Olympic standard opening ceremony celebration seriously. And we we sort of hated the fact that there was so much bad press. Yeah that was a lot of see game. Right there was bad press going into it. Everyone should be proud of it. It was more than I expected like I didn't expect the Philippines arena to be that impressive. And it's been there to be so many people. We've just we read so many articles online. This was actually after the games wasn't it after because people on our Instagram commented saying it's so much better than anyone had expected. And we already had I don't know I think our expectations were already high because we thought everyone was so excited for the sea games there was banners everywhere. So we knew that a lot had gone into it. Definitely. And we we were blown away like completely blown away. It was unbelievable. Obviously we queued up for a long time because there was so many people. There was so many but it was perfect. That atmosphere. Exactly. When you're outside everyone's so happy. Everyone was so happy. We'll go back to the beginning. You know the beginning we'll start the beginning and then we'll go through a whole thing. So obviously really well organised in the fact that there was so many buses put on that two idiots weren't that organised. So obviously we had to get a grab all the way there which was a huge waste of money because on the way back we now flew into the end. We did get the bus back and it ran really smoothly and it was only 150 pesos all the way back to the Mall of Asia which was incredible. In hindsight we should have got the bus there but what happened was we sort of like we were getting told so many different things and our budget line different things so we kind of weren't 100% sure and then I think by like 12.30 we realised the last bus was at one period. We're always late. The Mall of Asia. No it was from Trinoma wasn't it Trinoma Mall. From Trinoma yeah yeah yeah it was. And we weren't going to make it in half an hour from Maccati so we were like do you know what it's our fault we're going to have to get a taxi or a grab. But it worked out well for us because we got the grab and there was no traffic it was perfect. I know there was a lot of stuff put out there saying that certain road closures lots of traffic but it was organised perfectly there was so many road marshals on the way there. There were signs to make sure people that weren't going to S.E.A. Games did not take that road and they went in different lanes and it literally took us about an hour to get there so we arrived at like half one. Half one? Yeah so we had like five and a half six hours before the event soaking the atmosphere which in all was a good thing because there were so many people outside we met a lot of you guys there which was amazing. I'm hoping we met so many of our subscribers and it just makes us so happy. It was so good everyone's enjoying it and the queue from two o'clock everyone was eager to get in because it started three o'clock. But I will say you saw if you haven't watched the opening ceremony you've like go and check it out now because you'll see what we're talking about the queue was unbelievable like it I'm sure it went on for like a mile but it went like that again it's so well organised there was like three or four security checks so you felt really really safe. But we did that three minute real quick interview didn't we with the TV company and when we looked the next time the queue was gone and we were like and everyone was in. So they got everyone through really quickly the checks were done quickly and it was just really efficient. The stadium was incredible I would just be as please I could get that early because I like to dance different football stadiums and now at home and to come up my list now the Philippine Arena can be ticked off and it was so impressive the largest indoor arena in the world. Wow again should be proud of just that in itself. When we got in food was cheap. Yeah I don't believe the prices. It was so reasonable. But it was the same when we went to the cinema the prices of like the popcorn were so cheap. Normally in sort of things like that where lots of people are going the prices are much higher but for me I got hot dog same prices I would. I'm a bit cold sorry. The same prices I would in like 7-11. Oh that's good. Yeah I just don't know. I just can't believe it. That was the only thing that we did wait actually wait a long time for was my hot dog doesn't it? Everyone was hungry. Everyone was just being greedy. Everyone was excited they need to fill their bellies to be ready for that queue celebration. We saw the most amazing sunset. Oh my. Seriously the sunset from there it was just made to be the perfect day. The weather was incredible the sunset just before the event started was possibly one of the best sunsets I've seen out here. There was no obstruction to the view either so that was really amazing and then very well like on your ticket you didn't have a seat but you have a gate number. Yeah I like hated zone. You kind of knew where you would go in. The lady on the door tells you where to go there's people inside so you would sit go and sit wherever you want so you can just pick the best seat and we obviously were quite high up we were on the upper tier they did move everyone down sort of said it was more compact wasn't it? Yeah because people were scattered because then again it would rubbish for the TV crews if you had like little people. A load of people here load people here they didn't make so much fun. There's only the top ones no one really wants to sit up. You don't be too far back exactly and then it begun seats were great started off with the national anthem which was really cool obviously don't know the words but what's side to my heart that's side to my heart. It gave us goose bumps. It was amazing yeah everyone no one moved barely anyone was filming on their phones and it really gave me goose bumps and I was just like wow like you could feel I can't explain it the what you could feel in the atmosphere everyone was so proud yeah right was beaming everyone was so proud and it began the dances incredible I'm not much of a fan of dancing but it was so well choreographed wasn't it? Yeah there was no mess ups at all normally you know when people like there's lots of people and there was at least like 30 people dancing at one time doing the same moves no one was that amazing. So good incredible yeah and then what was next there was so I was like oh it was dancing and then the countries come and then the athletes yeah getting to see all the athletes and what I liked which you wouldn't get in most countries this this says something about the Filipinos is that the other countries would come out obviously came out first but the Filipinos cheered all the other countries which our thought was really nice they cheered them as much as they cheered the Filipinos. Like at home the other countries would have got booed yeah like if if another country was come through and we were like competing against them we'd be like boo but like you guys have such a sense of like selfie stage and community isn't it yeah we'll stick together it was like we've been as one as they say exactly but we only want the Philippines to win but you guys can win as well um all the players yeah all come out and when the Philippines got it erupted oh my god everyone was like like like like jumping and then manela manela I'm literally literally we'll be up we were up in the lift yesterday I was like I was looking on Spotify but it's it's a really old song that they've re re-read our own name and they've been re-read in fact it's the official song of the games I'm not sure let me know is it the official song of the game they did play it throughout um but we were trying to find the version that was like the Doranxi version which is the one that they played but we could only find the original version which was a little bit slower so if anyone knows where I can get in on the two of us what fight let me know and then we were in the room with Renai and royalty and deterte which was insane you know what's so cute right deterte he was so involved he's doing like a little clacky dance all fair so far they were like they they would put the dancers on the big stage um and then they'd flick it to the deterte when deterte they came in and they're like wow like screaming in the shower and it was so funny and then he was just there like and he got to speak didn't he and he got to see it officially open the games which is incredible it's being the same room as him talking his presence you just see everyone would even like scream and shout or it'd be dead silence listening to what's there there was no in between so much respect there again um I don't know what's there's there's too much to talk about the form what about the singers that that was surreal the singers that was crazy so you had KZ who we had already seen at in London yeah and in the go Pascal and in the go Pascal if you haven't watched that check it out somewhere somewhere the festival near our home yeah that's madness and they were here but they were just as good as when we saw them in London and then what else happened do you know what so much happened there was so much going on I like just watching the crowd as well I loved it when everyone had their their flashlights on their phone like if you were to watch it that sometimes not what don't just concentrate on the show it was called to concentrate on like the people in the crowd just to see the joy on their faces everyone was so happy and like they were loving the fact that I think we were probably the only which was called yeah we were there there was apart from a selfie station but we were like the only westerners that we see there which was really cool yeah there were obviously some to do with the organising wasn't there with like ABS even I think and some of the other companies were working there they were some but I think we'll be the only like the young westerns which is called that we weren't involved in the games and I'm obviously training no water Jim T shirt been Jim this morning 2020 I'm coming no it's not but yeah it was really nice to see that from our perspective like not being involved in the games member we weren't like cheering on our particular team well obviously you've got to take it all in fully you take it more yeah because you're not completely caught up in it you get to take everything in yeah obviously you want Philippine to win but I also wanted to see how they react differently to like how it is in the UK even a football match or a sporting event there's so much competition yeah I like and we're not nice as supportive to all that one no no no no if you've seen the football match now we're not nice but it's good that you guys are I like the southeast Asian community come together it was one but yeah the show and then there was then they they showed money pack yeah oh my god they forget about that man he coming through but it was unbelievable because we were like oh my god it's outside because they showed Philippine and then we realized it was at clock we were so we were upset because we thought we'd missed money pack yeah I'm not in the torch outside which was and there was fire works and then we realised that it was at clock so we were like wow like they had both that would have been that would have been a great experience to go to club for a moment to clap yeah come in below what was it what was it like both would have been incredible obviously the closing ceremonies at club I think which would be cool yeah but to be there and see money bringing it down like literally one of the most famous people sportsmen people anything in the world everyone knows money came out yeah that was unreal and he he's so patriotic and he's so proud to be Philippine um like that's yeah he hasn't lost where he's come from as he hasn't become like thinking he's like huge well he is huge and famous but he hasn't he hasn't gone to his head he's still has a lot of it's going to be no sense because it's actually lovely and then they did like in oh my god you know what was so funny they lit fireworks like mini fireworks inside but we were looking like over there we were filming like around and I was I think I've been over this side filming someone and then all of a sudden they set a lot of these mini fireworks and we literally were like what was that because we didn't expect it and then we looked and it was the whole stage was like lit up with these amazing lights it was so well filmed it was it was a limpix down that I will I actually have so a lot of I have I've completely forgot I went to in 2012 London hosted the Olympics obviously and I went to one of the events at the athletics track did you uh-huh completely yeah oh wow I didn't know I'm not going to go into it but I did like a uh through cross country I've got free tickets so yeah I got free tickets through school years ago but yeah so I went to that and it was of a similar standard obviously didn't go to the aeronauty but the open ceremony to what I've seen on TV completely at the Olympics then everyone should be so proud it wants to get behind the team tickets are still available they actually are we bought some more yesterday the tickets are so cheap they're 50 pesos and I've heard that the turtays actually you're looking online now I was just sitting there still so many left there's still a lot left and the turtays actually given out a lot of tickets to some people for free which is lovely as well isn't it yeah really nice it's just again it's that sense of community making sure that everyone can go and support the Philippines and other countries we did buy two extra tickets which means we have three or four or five days full of events we're really busy this week and we might do a giveaway we might do a giveaway yeah if we can get to all of them we will if not we're gonna of course give them away to someone that needs them more than us or wants to go potentially can't afford to go we'll make sure that he can go or she can go which will be really nice exactly we want to make sure that everyone can go because the sense like although we're you know we're not living here yet yeah the pride that we had to be there to celebrate Philippines and to encourage the Philippines was unbelievable I had goosebumps pretty much the whole time I even sat on the bus and I was just you know reminiscing because I was just singing the song and even on our bus they actually replayed it back so I was just sitting there like did they ever get bored of it no could watch it again and again and again and we got when we got back to the apartment and I had to edit the video and it was like what three eight yeah I was asleep I was still watching it and I was still like wow like what an event what an event absolutely smashed it but all you guys all of you need to get behind the Philippines we proud of the Philippines go and support the Philippines if you can't go to the event watch it online get it more views and and we are now what we two days after the Philippines ceremony yes your first your first by like 15 medals at the moment how many times have you won it have you won it before I don't know I need to look at your top at the moment by quite a long way so the pressure is on you've got to keep it up and you've got to you've got to bring it home even though you're already home I keep saying I don't know what you'd say if you're already home what you you just bring the medal bring the medal home to your house to show everybody but yeah you can win it go and support go and support oh I really need the toilet off this got finished this soon I've been dropped way too much water go and support them in any way which you can celebrate being Filipino yeah tennis tomorrow so excited basketball Friday football Sunday and then maybe Clarke we're not sure at the moment if not we do have two Clarke tickets to give away so figure that out in some way but I've got to go to the toilet because I am burst in and obviously I'm training for 2020 if you're new to the channel and you've enjoyed the vlogs of the Southeast Asian Games so far there is many many more to come and these vlogs will come first they are now they are prioritized all Southeast Asian ones will come and then we'll go back to Mendoora and we'll go back to the daily vlogs because Southeast Asian Games are more important because we're proud of the Philippines I want you to win the top and in the toilet if you're new to the channel hit that subscribe drop us a like and keep on dabbling oh the drop way too much water