 It makes me a bit nervous, it's no tool on it, and it makes me unable to take 10 hours. Do you want to see? Yeah, see. These are my new favourite things, these are amazing. Oh god, the joys of budget travelling. We are in this small hospital zone. To the Philippines! Hi guys, welcome back. We're on tour of Dredges and this is our Filipino series. We arrived in Manila a week ago, travelled all the way to Luzon to La Waik City, spent a few days there, travelled down to Vigan City, which is where we're currently now, but we're now planning on getting a bus all the way back to Manila, and it's going to be a long trip. We're currently at the bus station, it's their lunch break at the moment, and no one's serving. We have a way to get our tickets. We'll hope in the next bus is at 2 o'clock if the information online was correct. It's never going to happen. We don't know, so we'll see, but I'm distracted because there's two cats. At the end of the day, there will be a bus going back to Manila's day, whether it's now or whether it's in 4 hours' time, but we won't know until we get out to get it. We want to head back because there is a bicycle game in a couple of days, and Ben won't show up about it. So, we've got to go. I just want to say, I was noticing when we were walking in, my ad was a half-hour walk with a backpack, and I smell like a sweaty pig now. But I know it's that, like, not one really owns vehicles. There's no vehicles parked outside the houses. There's a few scooters, but everyone relies on the tricycooks here, and there is, like, I'd say, 90% of the vehicles are tricycooks over cars, and even scooters, there's more than. So you don't really need a car or anything here. Perhaps that's why they're so cheap. Yeah, exactly. Everyone relies on it, and I'm guessing they're always busy. You do see cars on the road, but yeah, you feel weird. Really, yeah. Yeah, you don't see them outside, people's houses. Right, the Patast bus terminal, because there's quite a few here. They're simply the one we arrived at, and they'll look how many buses in there. But it's large. I think that Patas are possibly one of the, in Luzon or one of the bigger. So we've got a ticket. It's now 940 pesos each. It's going to be quite a long bus. We've got about 50 minutes away, but there's, like, a big area here that goes to food stands. So they're just going to wait here. There's also a toilet here if you need to quick real food for you on there. But all these buses always have toilets on it, which is what I like. All aboard. Done then. Thank you. Is it done? It just makes me a bit nervous. It's no tool all there. And we're meant to be on every 10 hours. Thank you. So going off the most incredible road right now. Wanted to go up like a mountain. The rain is not like the air, but I'm loving it. I don't like cliffhides, I hate it. Especially being on our high up coach. Oh, anxiety through the road. We're in the journey about two hours and we've gone for our first toilet stop. I think this is going to be a long journey because it is very slow going in there. Our record is going to be over 10 hours. Yeah. Like we're going quite slow and keep stopping a lot, like letting people on and off. So we've always stopped some guys car on, selling, queowing. I assume the cook, I suppose, is a bit bit to feed the purpose. Yeah, you have to get a little front there, that's far more. Bro, do I have to take them to the toilet? No, I'm not going to take them to the toilet. I'll show you our Filipino snack selection. Wifers, what a board. Peanut butter once. Rich nut, peanut butter. The chili cheese trippies, marty's, crackers, spicy, brilliant flavour. This is where we keep seeing this everywhere. It's been more or less right. Green teas, I've seen this is like an iced tea. And also a picnic. Oh wow, isn't it cool? Yeah, normally in the UK you'd have this like half full. Always scam, yeah. Does that kind of have full intestine? Just really like gyps, crisps, you know, really solid. At least we have them like the salsa dip. They've got me a little bit curious. They've got a chili on. They say, it's supposed to be really the flavour. It seems like an accommodation. Cacks always really out of open. I'll look at it. Yeah, thick. Oh man, the bar was... Just give me a bottle. Did you catch your body wheel? Squares. No, the big things. Pinkie balls. Prasels. Yeah, take some ones of that, but then it's gone. There they go. And chili for as well, though. I've finally got this drink. C2, solo apple. Look at an apple tea. I've seen this one. You've got that look apple juice flavour. And then like your aftertaste. It's sort of like a green tea flavour. Oh, I'm a sweet person. He's a savory, and the complete opposite. If you wonder why it all starts to savoury. Stacks are supposed to be sweet. Chippies, yeah. Seem these everywhere. I think these are one of the main snacks. The green tea flavour. Oh, the corn chips. Yeah, sounds like a good old combination, but... These pack. These pack. Oh, they look wild good. I don't know how to eat them. I don't know how to eat them. Very generous with the flavouring. Oh mate, they're very nice. They're cheesy. Not really chili though. I know. Yeah, it looks like loads of flavour. Oh, definitely not all. I'll just spit them. There's a little bit of a kick at the end, but... It's overpowered by the cheese in it. Nice one. So far. Not sure what these were, but they're like actually Filipino. I just love how you think that has peanuts in it. So, really popular. Yeah. So it's manufactured Filipino. Yeah, so they're not employed. Which of the people are getting off here? Good place, I was a bit shy. Got one nice. Only like a very sweet, like real thin coat in a peanut butter. But it's just enough. I'm going to easily demolish this pack. Not going to lie, I've had this before. These are like my favourite. Keep watching them because when we finally arrived, there's a 24 hour job leave. There we guys have tried the job leave for the first time. For our dinner, later on, it's the moment we arrived. No, no, it's probably not 24 hours. And probably four clothes when we get that. Yeah, probably. Yeah, we'll get one. Is this spicy one? Do you want spicy one? Yeah, spicy. A little bit. Yeah, spicy. We'll get some snacks. No, no, we're so not fair. There's the vendors coming down the oil selling all different, like, clean art and snacks that have some. Go get some. Got a money outside. Sure goes. Thank you. Nice drink, man. Thank you. Well, they're spicy. So sweet. I know, like, pretty good. Which one? Two and then one? Sweet corn. Sweet corn. Another cheese. That one. Yes, big. Three for one. Three for one. These sweet corn. Sweet corn. These were 34 pesos. You know how to get them. You don't eat them all while we sell, right? We just rip it down. We've got them. I just sweet. Mmm. Sweet. No, no, no. I know we know something. Oh, I'm hungry. Yeah, so like breakfast cereal. These are my new favorite foods. These are amazing. Now, third pick stop. Yes, every single two hours we do stop for a week. Mine is. I don't know. It makes the trip a little longer. It's about 50 minutes every time. I suppose the stops are worried about need or wait. We just got off to have a bit of trepidogue. But there's loads of food here. There's loads of food here. What's up with you? Oh, man. They're cooking sausages and the loads of snacks. But all the snacks they ate at London was full. They've done sex. We've got full more to go. Go ahead and have a seat. All right, Ben spent all our money on free things. Yeah, rather expensive, then. A bit of leave, though. I think they're like pork scratch, pork rinds or something. That's the honesty. But yeah, this was um, 270. 20 expensive. If you can ever get a numb. Yeah, I reckon they're going to really smell. But we unopened it for him. Pork rinds. So he's going to stink out of the bus now. Oh, that's bad. Finally here, off to 10 and a half hours. I'm going to have some more. I'm going to have a seat. I think they're my best here. They're all gone then. So damn. Oh, I'm going to have a seat. After all our snack of on on the bus, come out. Still feeling a bit packaged. It is nearly one in the morning. But there's a jolly bee and we've not even enjoyed it. So now's the better time. Okay, we've literally found our place. It's across the road. But loads of people like stopping, like you shouldn't really be walking. We're like, we're literally going there. There's been shady around here. Yeah, so I'm going to the Troisicle Pold over and kind of like, help us cross the road safely. But we're literally here, so. There's our hotel there. Joking. Six eleven. Six eleven. Six eleven. What? Where is it? All right, I'm almost getting out. Six. Whatever number's past six eleven. All right, let's just get out of here. There's a six eleven. There's no rooms. Is that a room? What the hell? Okay, we're just sleeping here for a few hours. But look at this. What the hell? So anyone could just walk past and like, hi Ben. You should have heard of it. And the other thing is we have no bathroom. And we're on the sixth floor and the closest bathroom is on the second floor. Oh god, the joys of budget travelling. Everyone night. One night. At least we got toilet roll, towels, some fancy towels, soaps and sheet. And two, roaring hard foamy pillows. Oh, and the bed's rock solid. Let's go have fun night. Slam that door. Ben's got the kids. What do you mean? We went to Jolabees as we said, but it was cash only and we only had card and there was no ATM. So we just checked until hotel. And all of the inn, it literally took like 10 minutes because it's across the road from us. So let's see what we got. By the way, the guy that turned up, food panda app we order from. Normally delivering a car or a martoblake. You get a pushbog. So that's how close it is. Oh, we also have no table, so we've just put down the towel on our bed. And we're going to watch some friends in the background. Right, you've got a 2.0 rise. On the look of what's this, this fast food chain here in Philippines is bigger than McDonald's. They've got more of these. All over the Philippines then you would find the other McDonald's or any of our fast food chains. Chicken pie, a la king pie. Oh, look at that. Yum. Yummy chicken burger. To cheese burger, as mine, be sure. That's the chicken sandwich. So this is Ben, you've got the chicken sandwich. Oh, that one looks like really sexy. So we've got two chips in there. What do I get large? Who you in? Ben went for the peach mango pie. Uh, chicken. That's Ben's. And then I've got the marshmallow one. I'm going to guess it's at the same size yet. And there's chicken and rice. And gravy. So we're just going to enjoy our food, watch friends and go to sleep. We're going to watch the next video because tomorrow we've got to travel on the MRT for the first time to the other side of town. We're going to bring it a lot usual because we have no idea how to use the MRT. So make sure you watch that and subscribe. No, no, no, no, no... You travel down to Boy Gone City which is where we currently are now. Is there a rock? Is there a rock? Now. Is there a boy gone? Not going to lie. All that decent. I think it's largely if we've come down these stairs, most of them have come down the.. Oh, you're good. your voice!