 Well, I've had an unstable struggling a little bit of my health. There's a big thing just shouting on me. It's a bit of a softener with a very long antenna. A bit of a funny dance. Just come flown for a window and go my arm. I think he's trying to shout off in the beam and storm. Now we're going on. I'm going to be a little bit more relaxed. I'm going to be a little bit more relaxed. I'm going to be a little bit more relaxed. I'm going to be a little bit more relaxed. I'm going to be a little bit more relaxed. So we've got really bad fun going on right now. A lot of flashlights. I've got a windable one. I've got a brown note. It's in off the power because of the lightning. I hope it's literally flash and bang almost the same time. Now it's like a bad horror movie. James Hervis cares and chooses a better issue. He's super keen. The fun is moving right now. Probably never overhead though. It's not the common sense this time of year to have fun storms. Quite a lot of them. But there was a really big flash and bang. Heavy toast just now. Heavy, very toast. Can we move our pants into the lights? It's a good morning everybody. It's a new day here in the Philippines province. We had a hell of a fun storm. How was back on there? I had my hair cut as you can see. Drinking at your cold. So what have we been up to? Well, I've had and still struggling a little bit of my health. So I've had food poisoning last couple of days. But I've been struggling. Jane and myself went to the city on Monday and we went somewhere different. I had a drink which contained ice and I had the drink. Fortunately the ice also melted and not too long after I had a bad stomach. Now in the Philippines you can really go drink in tap water and some places. Not going to name any names but some places. Still use tap water to make ice. And I think that was what it was. I felt a minute after having the drink. I felt a bit off. I felt a bit shaky and a bit sweaty. And come home and my stomach was terrible. And it still is now. I've still got a bit of a pain in my stomach. But I've hydrated myself. I've rested. I'm getting a bit better. Hopefully tomorrow we're able to go and do some more things. But we've been high spying for the last couple of days. But I'm going to be okay. So in the UK these are very expensive. But here in the Philippines they're quite cheap. This was 45 pesos for five. They're good bacteria. I've got a good one. I've got a bad stomach. I've tried some new drugs for bad bacteria. Also I've had a haircut as you can see. Now Jane did this herself. I was going to go to the local market here in Kananga and have a haircut there. Unfortunately my health was not up to it. So I had to do it at home and Jane did it. And she's done a great job. I haven't got any products on at the moment. But it's not too bad. It looks nice. So in this heat. Jane's out here doing some walking. And the stomach still hurts. We went with darling and we had to cut the tail in half of them. So Isabella has had a first online lesson today so far. And she's having chapter of teachers and everything. And we've had to settle up a lesson through a count. She has to have a Zoom account. But she's again too young for that. She's just a bio Jane's account for her school. She's got online lessons. So we're here in one of the miles of her day in Ormock. And they were playing music, which is full of lots of curse words, swear words. And it's not acceptable. Forever was in charge of the music on. She's done it. It's a family place. Whether people understand or not, it's not acceptable to play that sort of music when they're so many children around. I thought his children here were going to grow up. And then I'll go understand that that's what language isn't acceptable. Maybe we're old-fashioned, but we don't like it. There's the car. It's under cover. James, brother, the law and sister kind of pocket here in their garden. We are very grateful for all their help. And that almost doesn't really matter. I sit down. So James decides to superglue her sandals together, well, and buy a new pair. This is what a lot of people do in the Philippines. They prepare their shoes around and paste them. Let's go wait for the money. Obviously, you can't be spending money for no reason. These were nice pair we bought. And unfortunately, the bottom car, she changed to the great job. Not sticking herself to the shoes, but sticking their shoes together. So the superglue here was 10 pesos. Hopefully it works. Ice cream. Ice cream. Ice cream. Ice cream. Ice cream. So what we got we got is that it's done to buy some ice cream, five pesos. What flavor is it? Ube and? I caught it. Ube and mango. Ube and mango flavor? Ube and mango flavor. It's nice. Let's try this. It's good. It's good. It's what Jane likes. Jane likes the coin. So I felt pretty useless today. I'm still recovering. Not too good. I've not been able to do too much today. But tomorrow we're going back to the house. The nutrition is going to be there. They're going to be storing our lights, find the house. So we're going to be there to see what they're doing. And to guide them a little bit as we're not too confident they know exactly what they're doing. I always want to end up with five ceiling fans in one room. You never know, but these sort of things. It's coming out. It's got a teddy bear. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. Back home now from the city, had quite an eventful day. got a 15th chief to gain. got a 15th chief to gain. and the house builds coming along quite well. the apple. and the apple is from a street vendor. the with 15 pesos each. with 15 pesos each. freshly grown. organic pineapple. so we love pineapple. we love fresh produce, especially. we're going to go and buy local. local. especially when they come from local. so we're going to enjoy these. thanks for watching. I'll be back soon with another video. we'll go back up the mountains, see James family again. very very soon. soon as I'm feeling 100%, we're going to be back up there. thanks very much.