 But you're Friday. The freshest. Black. Gov'n'varo. Is it is and this is flow G performing Pranig. And guess what we found? What did we find? This. The found. Translation, ladies and gentlemen. So we can do a proper in depth review here. And by the way, I do want to say thanks to everyone's recommending music lately from all over the world and also sending us translations from all over the world with the music. We appreciated that lot. Yes, let's keep it watch. Pranig. Pranig. Pranig. Pranig. Pranig. I don't know. Oh. Yes. I've never heard this. I know it's like an older song. Also, what a vibe. It's like he is so cold. He bring out the rain every time he steps in. I think there's a tag as well. What tag? Tag. Tag. Tag. I only call it tag. I don't actually know how to pronounce the full name. Tag. Tag. I like his glasses. I can't forget that he even has handsome pocket. I like his glasses. Maybe he's a rolex instead. Idk really, you know about that. I don't know what about them.%m No, not me. Oh Let me tell ya I mean he's also so totally comfortable with this fucking environment and then he goes there so often. I don't know how often he actually goes or maybe he just goes like once and because he does lots of features and stuff like that and then they record all those in the same day and maybe he just changes stuff and stuff like that. I don't know how they do it. But he definitely, he's probably one of the most popular people that goes to the wish boss in a consistent basis. And a consistent basis. Yes and I love that there are certain like a, the play with the rhythmicality of it. It's so cool but it's so laid back at the same time there's no effort, there's no intent behind it even though the inflection of it suggests subtext which is really cool though because vocally speaking rapping needs tension, rapping needs a like like actual pressure in the larynx where it just sound like he means something. It's similar to what you would do with speech quality. You need to have a like certain type of energy being exerted. In this particular case though, he is so relaxed, the soul lay back is like he's demanding respect. Yes, so so. So he's being down a little bit, I like that. So the pen on the type of rap I'm where that rap can originate from. I mean like if you look at West Coast rap, it's like, you know, it's different to, you know, East Coast rap. So and there's also different parts of old have different takes on like what they were comments for rap. I think it's also intriguing because he has a sort of like a leading figure at the moment, really popular figure at the moment in terms of like this, the rising scene of rap in the Philippines. Yes. So it is interesting to see what kind of direction someone like him who's so popular takes in some of his songs because more often than all, that's literally what's going to lead the pack for more upcoming rap as the trend, you know, sort of replicate the same type of flow as the flow that we're going. This is pretty dope though. I like it. But you see you're rising up with that tension. He sounds like he has also a beard on. I know. Joie. // // Okay. I love that. And I'll have him to watch you guys, Why? That's a nice ending. And then was really interesting as well. And I've probably mentioned this before in other videos, is like when you rap in Tagalog or when you're from the Philippines, given, I mean, it probably doesn't even matter which dialect you speak, because they're all quite twangy, right? Yeah. I mean, I sound like, you know, they all sit quite up here, right? So you get lots of angst and you get lots of... Actually... Glotels on set. Right, you get lots of... And also, you get what's interesting about Tagalog. It's so naturally bouncy with things. So you can... It's literally like the word bounce. It's a same... That's probably like a good example. Sanitical example. Sanitical example of Tagalog. The word bounce in English is very similar to how... You know, like that show we watch, Tagalog and... Nang. Nang Tagalog, right? That's the TNT show, as far as it's called. That Nang... That song, natural for any other language? But those... Those what... That's exactly what a glotel on set sounds like. And the fact that they have the isolated sound included like part of the language itself brings out that bounce in it's that a... Yeah, that rebound effect. So you take someone that sort of taken the time to, you know, learn to rap in that language, right? And also, grown up, speaking the language. They develop this sort of capability of being able to transition into singing phrases and then rapping really easily. But also it's a style of rap, which... I think in the West, they've tried to... come with the same kind of idea, but that's how the homombrat began. Yes. Because it's like the idea of... Tagalog, Tagalog, Tagalog, Tagalog, Tagalog, Tagalog. Yes, it's saying something that would create like a rhythmical pattern to it. Exactly. But in Tagalog, you actually have words that would fit into the rhythmical pattern. Yeah, even like those words like Mac Mahal. Like that's so percussively fucking clean for a rap. I know obviously the word is like love it of you or something. But those type of words, or... Da da da... What is the most that word that Jaya uses in Dito Nalang? It's like da da da... No, no, it's like da da da da da da da da man. Oh, yeah. You know, it's like so long. Yeah. And it has too many... It has a lot of peas in it, so... But yeah. You know, I don't know what word it is. But there's so many words at which I... Listening, you know, from a foreign perspective, someone who doesn't speak the language, there's so many opportunities there. And that's definitely one of the languages that I love to sort of dive a bit deeper, given the fact that I've seen you've given me a bit of courage as well. And you know, you've covered soaps in Tagalog. So it's like, yeah, maybe rap-wise, it would sound really good. And if you combine it with like Spanish, and English, I think that shit would blow the hell up. Yeah, I think it would really... In terms of like creativity in my head. Yeah, and rhythmically speaking, you would be freaking unlocking a brand new level. Because I think, yeah, Tagalog has that natural essence that you can't find anywhere else, yeah. I like his growls. I like his growls. He's living his best life. Oh! He's so stable. He's my normal forever. I wish. Yeah, that's what boots him above. One of his... Who I like him a lot? Yeah. X, B. Just the... Just the... That track is sick. I like the production of a track. The track is really cool, because it's really dynamic. It doesn't stay... I can't remember when he grew up. What part of the Philippines is he? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But what part of the Philippines he grew up in? He says, compelling piece, the rapper, a sight's blood, sweat, and perseverance as the key to turning your dreams into a reality. Ooh, where about to find out more? Anyways, go on on behalf of X Battalion. X Battalion? Cool. Oh, so go to that. Whether you agree with me or not, what I have, I did not ask for. Tired, awake, blood, sweat, before getting what you want. I acted not just to ask. Maybe you'll find... Maybe you'll find me newcomers. It can be dizzy, even if you're not drunk. With the amount planted, just wait for the fruit to be picked. Well, they're hungry. Patoes, rice. Patoes, rice. Patoes, rice with salt. Is that rice like... It's like... Yeah, it might be... It might be like a dish. Like a dish. Pato means duck in Spanish as well. Pato means duck in Spanish. Pure paper can be with our coins. Pure paper can be with our coins. Pure paper wasn't like... Yeah, money. Money. But I'm trying to... Change. Yeah. Trying to depict all of my memories. The gingerbread giant, please. Not only that, but the pockets are always full with our fail. I have a master million without... A used piggy bank. Spread the name without blemish, without blemish. Expect super smooth moves. Good mood. I think it's just a good studio. I don't cook, but I'm full when I serve food. I cook! What the fuck? I don't cook, but I'm full when I serve food. My rap is delicious. Your rap is delicious to mute. So kiss. So kiss. So that when you lose, you have... Ballato. What does ballato mean? Ballato. It's like indigestion. There is nothing more to argue about. Someone has already won. There are new plants, juzco. Juzco. How come it's very clear that they are all at disadvantage? I mean, the chorus is... Whether you agree with me or not, what I have, they're not asked for. Try to wake blood sweat before getting more at one. There is the Tagalog version down here. Here? I think that's probably it. But I remember him saying that shit. Go to the chorus. Go to the chorus. No, no. In the lyrics. Oh, okay. To see what the lyrics sound like in Tagalog. Ah, in Tagalog, sorry. Here. Fuck it, though. Is the twist the beginning part? No, no, it's not. There. There are some people who don't know, but I was the last bit. But yeah, I think it's the same thing. I think they are all at the same time. I think they are all at the same time. I don't know, I'm just guessing. That's cool, though. I like this. Alright, so yeah, perseverance. Let's give a respect. But so in a year. I do wonder. There is... We haven't done a proper podcast on the Underground Scene, because obviously when we first started learning about Filipino rap, what we considered underground at that moment, it's basically well overground rap. Currently. It's interesting to see what kind of the rising scene of Filipino rap looks like. I'd also love to see the problem with team battles and stuff like that. That's what I love seeing, normally. What I'm inclined to watch is that I don't understand the boss. Yeah. In another language. Yeah. But I don't know. Perhaps it will be interesting to review music of upcoming rappers. Maybe someone that flowed here, it's kind of like it took taking on his wing or something like that. Let us know in the comment section below. And it's always nice to figure out rap from other parts of the world. Let us know if this was your first time watching it. And good bye. Good night.