 But you're Friday. The freshest. Oh wow. Alright, this was a comment I got a lot of likes in one of the previous videos that we've checked out about auditions. This is not the kids version. This is a grown, grown, grown. They have the kids, the teens, and just the voice. Just the teens version. Oh cool. But if you're a... Oh yeah, right. You have to be 13. Yeah. But... Because if you're 12, you're not a teenager. Oh my god! That is so true. I remember one friend of mine actually had a teen birthday party when she turned 13. Yeah. Some people do that. And I was like, wow. And you turn and have the lessons. And you can become ever closer to the realization that, you know. Death is near. No, that life is suffering this appointment. I have full attacks. Anyway, so... Well, I thought Death was more... Taxing. This singer is called Koi. And he's a reggae singer. I know that from the comments. Okay. And let's give her a go and watch his first audition. Because it's the first time we've actually... I think probably the third or second artist that does reggae purely. Oh yeah, okay. That he's been on the channel. So... Probably. Very interesting. Yeah, indeed. Let's have a look. Hi, friend. Sometimes we're not safe. The voice Philippines is back. Wait, sorry, sorry, sorry. I know. Just saying judges, right? Yes. Doesn't it sound like Bugoic when he sings reggae? For example, am I just that biased? That's right. It looks like it's from the 80th. I don't know. It's reggae really that big in the Philippines. Well, apparently. So... It's got a little bit of a blue-ish voice from Jamaica. He is bare-footed too. I love it. Who's the other fella? Who's the other guy? Oh, Apple. Yes, Leia. Yes. Who's that? Is that Apple? Is that his name? From Black High Peace. I think so. It's... Yeah, it's... Well, I can... We'll let you know. Apple, my favorite guy who I forgot in his name now. He looks like my dad. I love him. What's his name? Oh, wait, wait, wait, Black. I... Peace. And then obviously, Furkey or Furkey? I've always said Furkey, but I think it's Furkey. Furkey, right? Black High Peace. She did that song where she was... There's a lot of milk in it. Oh, yeah, milk. But it's actually what it's called. Yeah, something. So, Taboo is the guy with the long hair. Taboo is really cool. So, yeah, it's Apple. Yeah. Apple... Yeah, I don't know what... Yeah, but I... I don't know what I'm saying. It's the Apple AP. Oh, that's it. Sorry, my bad. And yeah, we may end. Yeah, go on. Yep, yep, yep, yep. I think that might be him. Yeah, he's very, very, very... Well, he's Filipino. He was the first to introduce to pop culture. A full-on Tagalog song. Nice. In the Black High Peace album. And I remember singing along to the track, like it was my Bible. That's brilliant. Yeah, I was sick. That album was the shit. Sorry. Well, big, man. But it's always been... My big listener of Black High Peace. Especially Furkey, I should be... No, it was like early days Black High Peace. I don't like so much what's happening now, but like early days. Who? 2006 album? Whoa, a bomb. Yeah, we had a good 10 years. Yeah. They've been on for so long. Oh, it's worth it. Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah. Oh, I'm a poor... Very interested in that. The laugh. Fucking... He was turned around. But... He's the thing, right? He showed so much vocal personality in the first few phrases. That's enough. It does enough to intrigue me to turn around. He's the thing, though. Personally. Because I find it difficult to... I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. Surprisingly. Because I find it difficult, too. I mean, I'm not a big watcher. How many times can you turn around? As a judge. Do you have times? What it is? Like, I think you have, I think you have to. You can't turn around whenever you're good singer. Oh, right. No, no, it's justée now because there is- No, ticking it round. Yeah, you have to get there. You have to get there. Yeah, there must be a point where you have to cut out. They don't know how many they can turn around. How many can they have in a team? I've actually done no! $6 DIALMENT又6 AHHHHHHHH Damn that is that is stuff you can only turn around six times. Oh That is tough. Oh, don't know for the more for that 10. I don't know come on. Yeah, yeah, just Yes, but yes brother Everybody turn around oh Where you Of course, so the reason why you get it's because the same Cover the song yeah, I know is that coco is song them no, sorry Is that why the song became popular? I don't know in the Philippines. I don't know I think it was just a nobody like iconic song and people are like it is one of those songs that become like Anthem so I think right and maybe because this this audition went viral Also, it sort of reminded people over again. I think so. I think it was so fun. Yes He's another question Yes, or it was one of the things I'm saying I'm thinking is if you're a judge, right? You're obviously there because of like the style of music that you're sort of you have been characterized Yes, yes, for example, Leia, you know I would imagine someone that may have some sort of Feet inclination musical There can be exploited in that sort of way. Let me exploit them with the wrong word But their capabilities can be molded in that type of a manner. It would show Intrigue it would cause the intrigue to have a Monday team of course Say someone like bamboo right we saw it in the kids one is like if you have any alternative sort of age It's it's worth is worth investment in time and also like whatever currency they operate on this like I don't know Turn around vote whatever it is. Yeah, I think it's voting right so I Actually, you've never seen a fool like I have in in the the US one Oh really I don't really understand the rule I don't really understand the rules of many games I'm just sort of like the auditioning process. I think I think this and then the emotional story behind I get them like oh, yeah, I like him to win Like there was this guy he's like a plum I mean, but it was really good And he would practice while he was doing his plumbing. Oh good. Imagine having him like they're changing your pipes Tell your lame pipe His practice in his audition. Yeah, then yeah, I did really well. I can't remember his name, but he did really really well Same as this guy James Arthur. Oh, yeah, he was a builder wasn't it? Yeah, he was like doing chimney work Yeah, and he's fucking out there. He was amazing. Yeah doing gigs in pop and he had never done like Showed any of his Like written songs until he came to the show he was doing like gigs like in pop some stuff I don't think he actually did any of his original work. Yeah anyways, but yeah, so my my question was oh Yes, why the hell would someone like layer be interested in because he was so cool I would turn around I would turn around why cuz then you can use that Personality and that style into so many different things. She doesn't really like it's not like last Can I introduce him to their musical theater? Well, no, it's how she can Mold this artist into something different or enhance the qualities that he's already possessing I guess these are the conversations that people have when they're watching the show. Yeah, I think so how who do you think would be the best? I know what I can bamboo What would he pick because everybody turned around also you guys to choose yeah When one when two or more turn around the big the audition He gets to pick who to go to maybe apple AP. There'll be an interesting one right? Yeah, I would think so I think I would go to bamboo is singing this style. I would pick that position. I'll be like okay dumb bass your decision of Of attractiveness Let's be serious Oh Who is it? They're host you know how all of these shows have like a like a famous person that does their hosting she looked familiar That's why I don't know Oh my god, it's awesome. Oh, he's letting loose now That's the other thing you turn around to our performer they turned like he is so into the the song itself He didn't even care that he was being judged like he was the genre like he was the song in that moment Well, ironically enough. Well, not ironically enough But one of the things that makes reggae so particular is the fact that in order to be a good reggae performer It's sort of similar to this flamenco approach. Oh, yeah, you don't understand the genre you must feel the genre So this is one of those genres, which is it's a pinnacle principally you must follow absolutely And I think that he he was there he was there to perform He wasn't there to get picked and therefore everybody turns around there's so much you know to like ignite I think it was there to get picked but maybe he understood that He's already on miracle territory, so enjoy the the phrase enjoy the ride yeah You see he's there performing Oh, that's so nice Bloody hell did you see that statue? Yeah, I won't want to lose in my room. Why? You're on the piano What the Bro, I want to get to your concert. Oh, and he's crying. I'm telling you that shit must mean the world Dude, I want to see who he picked. Oh, no I like the better like this You guys you watch the video but you guys can let us know in the comments who did he go with and most importantly Where he's now and also some of his recent work. I would love to check this out obviously like with the guys like Sark and Juan Carlos and Leica we know them now And we we actually enjoy their music currently. Yeah, but seeing my my my Not concerned but my way of thinking is always what's the original artist the original music? The fuck the artist original music going to sound like how is it going to be marketing? Finish product. Yeah, where are my going to present myself to the world? Where are they now? Sadly, that's always my question. Yeah, but anyway, so that's not the common sense. I love freaking inside. Certainly very entertaining. So if you've got any other auditions that will spark or curiosity, leave them down on the comments Yeah, we're still learning as we go, but yes Come on, goodbye