 Alright, welcome back to the joint base podcast. Today we're going to be checking out the Philippine Scout Rangers. This is part two. If you missed part one, it's going to be down in the description box. So let's go. One target down. Lucky for his friend, recruit 22 past and they both move one step closer to being a Ranger. 153 recruits remain on the fight to become a late scout Ranger. Alright, so week nine. If you missed the first part, they started off with 206. We're now down to 156. We lost majority of that on the first day and then slowly throughout the rest of the weeks. Today is the beginning of hell week. A combination of everything they've learned to put to the test. For the next six days, there will be no resp or them. We push the students to the edge, testing their stamina, confidence, psychological toughness. As a day goes by, the test will get tougher. If they fail one part, the recruits will be recycled to the next class or returned to their mother. This is very common. Even Natons had special forces say the Marine Corps, they have the crucible. The Army has their version of the crucible. You have special forces have what's called Robin Sage. Really taking all this stuff that they've learned over the period of the school or the slashing course and they just put it together and see how they react to it. The first up is land navigation. Land navigation is very important as a scout Ranger. A scout tringer should never get lost in the jungle. If you get lost, you won't be able to accomplish your mission. You will jump or die as your team. The stakes will be high in three months time. These recruits face real enemies. They must prove they can lead the way. Each recruit is given a unique navigation route, comprising of any five of these 24 targets. This chart contains a set of colors with different corresponding letters. They have to find their way point to point, but no one brews the same for any of these 153 recruits. So it might sound very easy when you watch in a video over, right? But from some of them, they used to teach land nav. Land nav is already difficult for recruits to grasp, but these guys are doing land navigation through a jungle. And then every single person's route is different. So therefore you can't just look for the brush that's turned over and find out, hey, the last guy walked through here. So for them to finish this, that's impressive. They have four hours to complete the test, and the course could see them covering over 12 kilometers. If a recruit returns late or does not complete his answer sheet correctly, he will fail. We're recruiting as reach three of his five targets in under two hours. It's 170 degrees in the distance is 1,000, 200 meters from here. It's my fourth target. So for those of you that are not familiar with land navigation, so he said he's going 170 degrees. He already plotted his point. So he'll plot when he comes to this plot, he'll already have his next plot measured out. He said 170 degrees in the compass, and he's got to go 1,100 meters. So in order he already has his pace count. So each time he walks every other step, he knows, hey, 67 paces, I'm 100 meters. Every time he does 67 paces, he'll either have some beads or whatever method he uses, and he'll go like that, and he'll move a bead over. That's 100 meters. And then when he has 11 beads moved over, he knows that he's 1100 meters, and he needs to start looking out for his next target. Now under his last destination. So he's going to take under the wing. The directions to this one are straight forward. Mm-hmm. This one is much better radius, I guess. The timing's ticking down, if they don't give back in the next hour, they will fail. And there are a lot PvP ongoing. And they're in the middle of their navigation exam. Time is running out for recruit 8. While some have already made it to the finish line. But the mistakes aren't numerous. I'm sure that I'll be able to do basic things. I'll be able to get a reference. I'll be able to get a flat with my own money. One has run into bad luck. Recruit 205 claims he has been the victim of theft. Uncow's decision is test paper. Ready? I'll be able to speed up the car. The car is on the back. So, in the case of the car, we have to go to the back. The car is on the back. The car is on the back. Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? You can tell as they're laughing at them. They don't believe a thing this guy says. Part of the problem with land navigation is, if you plot your points out and say you get the first two plots correct. Then you get a little loss on your third plot. You find a stake and you think it's the correct stake. You put that. But then now you're going 170 degrees from that stake. Probably going to end up way off. That's where a lot of people go wrong. If they get the wrong stake at the beginning of the test, they're going to fail. They can't verify the story, but they will give them the benefit of the doubt. For crew 205, this gave them another chance at the test. But failed this time, and he will be out of the course. With just 50 minutes to go, this fifth and final station is done. We can do it like a grotto. Recruiting heads back to the training school to meet its comrades. Recruect 205 returns from a second consecutive test just in the nick of time. It's the moment of truth. But it's not good news. That's why we started this thing, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He's failed. As a recycled vacuum, his certain mini-strip to be a start-ranger is over. It's the worst thing that can be done in a target. We can do it. He's the one who's the best. It's true. It's true. At the end of the navigation day, 20 recruits have failed. For recruits 35, it's a cruel end of the road. It's a cruel end of the road. I'm not afraid of the rain. The rain is not coming. Then, I'm afraid of the rain. The rain will come out. It's not going to rain. The rest of the road has to be partial. It's not going to rain. This is not the time to make the next person a fistfighting, but to wear them down. 7 am. Another cruel end of the road. 133 left. The water confidence is clear. The water confidence is clear. The water confidence is clear. The water confidence is clear. This is the atmosphere of the swim across this lake and the beautiful black stones weighing down the bottom of the map. Recruit 181 struggled looking earlier swimming. It's so hot, it's so hot. But this one is hard. The weaker swimmers panic. We cannot swim, we cannot swim. They are afraid of the rain. They really don't know if they are going to get wet or wet. my baby Mar Worker fought it 50 years, my entire Claro para harillo You see the panic in his face. We recruit 181. We recycle with 16 others who have failed the sweat. Jan, I know you don't have to do it. I don't have to do it. I'll tell you. He said, I always knew I wasn't going to pass this one. What's that old saying? Those who say they can and those who say they can't. Both are usually correct. You got to be confident. But before I open the next class, I'll practice with them. He'll be back. Don't take the news so well. Wait a minute. This class is going to be a bit more difficult. We're not going to do anything. Next class, you'll join. Yes, you'll be able to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Day 4 of Hell Week. 116 recruits remain in the Philippine Scout Ranger training course. Over 40% of the class have dropped out or failed in the last two months. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. And with two more days of Hell Week, followed by a real operation against the real insertions, the road ahead is long. These guys still have a lot of stamina. You know, you know, you know. I hope I can do it. I hope I can do it. I'll do it. I'll do it again. For you recruits have to complete a 24 kilometer Rucksack March. They haven't slept in over 100 hours. I'm going to do it. But it's okay. For the goods that are good, they're just going to be able to get the money. Even worse, they will have to carry 35 kilograms on gear on their backs. They march as a team, but it's an individual assessment. I'm going to do it. Pam, that looks brutal. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. There's less than two hours left, but the strain of 35 kilograms. Here, look, beep. Wow, bowing that down again, come time is up. Okay. Time's up. Time's up. Two more bars. They've needed it. The march comes to a halt. These exhaustive recruits don't know what's coming next. It is all been a ruse. The most feared test yet, escape innovation is about to start. Escape innovation is an exercise where students get a chance to feel what it's like being caught by the enemy. Recruits will be held captive and treated as species. I'm not. They're not. I've watched a lot of selection videos. And this is probably my favorite. They just finished a rock march. 35 kilograms on their back. They form up. They think they're about to drop. They're about to drop. They're about to drop. They're about to drop their rucks. And then boom, a bunch of grilla insurgents come out of the forest, surround them and then capture them. And now it's time for the next mission. You know the instructor's name. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. You know the instructors are loving this. I'm not. They're. They're. They're. They're. They're. I'd hate to be the tall soldier on that one. They get. They get. They get. They get. We don't do this to traumatize our recruits. We do this to remind them never get caught by the enemy. Because the enemy will show no mercy on them. And eventually they'll be killed. Scalp closure recruits have endured nine weeks of physical health. But nothing could have prepared them for this. Escape undervation. For the next 70 hours, the recruits will be subjected to various forms of torture. The aim is to make them fear capture. I'm experiencing a big land. It's It's It's No I'm I'm It My daughter is Just like a bastion in the I think your loyalty to your country is really being tested. You will realize or you will give information to the enemy once you experience pain. It's been 12 hours since the recruits were captured. What happens during this time is top secret. Even the United States Army, Sears School is considered classified. But we could all use our imagination and I promise you it's not fun. I've personally never been through it but I can use my imagination. I'm not a good guy. It was really one of the worst experience, if not the worst experience of my life. That says a lot. The recruits have been through four months of punishing training but it's not over yet. The recruits do and treat our long-time friends. They've had the rare experience of going through all their military training together. The pressure here is very heavy. We come from different units so from the start we found it very hard to adjust. Your patience has been tested until you explode. Until you can't carry yourself anymore. As classmates we really do our best in order to help each other to maintain our strength and to grasp with the government. They're both positive. They both have to help each other. But it depends on who you hang out with. You can also have the negative effect of that. If one of the guys that you're bunking with happens to be very negative. He could bring you down with him. So, Kham, I think that my dependency on him will continue. I rely on him very much. And if ever he will not be around it would really affect me personally. Tonight these two will be your final platoon run. A test of teamwork and stamina. Next time they carry these 18 kilogram packs, it will be for their final test and a real battle. But some have additional burdens like this MG60 machine. I'm not going to lose my 20 kilogram. I'm going to lose my 10 kilogram. The reason why the platoon run is that the military is not the only military vehicle in the area. So, it's just a double time. One after another. As a team assessment, they must be going on your own. If they do, every number of the platoon might fail the platoon. So, the platoon will not be in a good position. It's not the only one that is in a good position. They draw grass to see which platoon will go first. And draw. Right, right, right. They look amped up though. Eight kilometers ago. The platoon arrives at the turning point. But some begin to slow down. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. Are you ready? Ready? I'm going to win the platoon. I'm going to win the platoon. Solid did. The platoon, so we have short units left to hit the finish line. The team spirit is vital in completing the run. And recruit three is taken on a digital win. We're going to win the platoon. We're going to win the platoon. We're going to win the platoon. The platoon will be in a good position. We're going to win the platoon. We're going to win the platoon. We're going to win the platoon. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. These are where your true leaders really come out and thrive. When everyone else has that mentality, like they just want to quit. I got it. My guy's carrying three rifles. We have a good time. We have a good time. It's a defining moment for recruit three. For me as the platoon leader of the second platoon, I think it's one of the most fulfilling event in my entire training. This is also a test for our platoon mates, for the integrity of our platoon. And as you can see, some of us were shouting because this is the last night. We will be carrying those heavy loads. It's a moment to celebrate, but not for long. They need to prove they have the combat skills to match. Soon, the recruits will face the ultimate challenge. A real test mission. Real enemies, real conflict. One they might not return from. Test mission is a must for the members in order for them to graduate. It's the Ranger training from all other military training. The scout Ranger is a special operation for training. Here, test mission. I have the honor to present to you two Army officers. 85 Army listed personnel. And two police non-commissioned officers. Who have satis-fopperly completed all their requirements of scout-grader corps. These 89 recruits have endured one of the longest test missions in training history. We spent two months in the Eastern, in the new Command. Five personnel. Army personnel have abducted and we are tasked to rescue them. But one would you be responsible to be taken by the Army? Are you not ready? Except also the sole of the Class Amendment. So after they finished that last run, they then went into a training mission that I believe they said lasted two months. That is impressive. Police say they can't use four weeks. So it's a very long road. And then they know that they can use the problem. And then they can use the problem. And they can use the problem. And then they can use the same thing. One man died trying to earn this badge. But for those in his class that survived. By virtue of the authority vested in me as the commander of First Cup, the regiment, these eight months' hardship of arts that have passed. By 2013, I hereby declare the students of scout-grader corps that do its defecting today. Congratulations. Very well done. I would have to say out of all the selection videos that I've watched, that I'm extremely impressed with the Philippine Scout Rangers. And it's nice to know that they are an ally. Go ahead and like, comment, subscribe, and check out a few of my other videos. Until the next one.