 NAYON NAYON NAYON NAYON NAYON NAYON NAYON NAYON NAYON NAYON NAYON How can I say that I'm excited So I'm excited So let's go Let's go Let's go Let's go Yay Yeah So guys Now she's getting prepared So today's her birthday And we're gonna go outside So we have some dinner And she's gonna like It's really Asian food So she's gonna Not be missing so much So yeah Let's wait Show yourself Show yourself Okay So hard And up Oh my god Oh my god I'm gonna go out Kara one ika Kara one ika NAYON Kara one ika Better? Yay So guys it's my birthday So we're gonna have some Restart for a dinner So guys Have a speaking to the guy Loads for this vlog Oh, oh So you speak the guy look in this vlog Okay Okay NAYON Mga hapo nantayos alabas Mga hapo NAN Taiyo salabas No You said they want the guy look from you Okay, I gonna try my best Okay, okay later Mga pobina kaila Here Hi Hello So So And we're at the same same but different Thai restaurant Let's go to the same place Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Tara Tara doan Hey guys Malan tao di to Kese malami Yeah Kese malami Really malami So we'll get this So we're at the same place So we're at the same place So we're at the same place And we're at the same place So we're at the same place Drink Inal Oh That's green apple So good It's masalap No It's a little bit spicy It's a little bit spicy It's a little bit spicy It's a little bit spicy Oh no It's a little bit spicy It's a little bit spicy Sweet It's a little bit spicy It's a little bit spicy Wow Yeah Something sweet What is that? It's like her love for me I do Yeah Indian I do it I do it Oh And this is the way to take it Let's go Anoito Anoito Ah sausage We're some vegetables And a bit spicy Let's try Then we'll have a bowl with shrimp Okay and then of course Caini Cainana It's called Thai love Thai love I think I'm going to go in there Oh no That looks like the vegetables It's right And it smells like Filipino It's really good Oh Good right This is so weird It's so weird This is so weird It's so weird Oh, weird. Oh, no! No, me bad. Can you ask if this really supports it? Oh, no! See this. Can you ask if this really supports it? Can you ask if this really supports it? No, I don't. I'm going to ask if this really supports it. Can you ask if this really supports it? I don't want to. No, I don't want to. I'm going to ask if this really supports it. Oh, no! Guys, can you ask if this really supports it? Yes. Guys, can you ask if this really supports it? Exactly. It's like a fire fire. But can you ask if this really supports it? What's the name of this bag? Masara. Masara? Wrong way. Okay. Masara? I think it's a bit too much. Oh, it's better. It's just too much. It's too much. It's too much. I think it's better. Okay. It's better. I think it's better. I think it's better. I think it's better. A few moments later. Thank you guys. It's just for you. This bag is really delicious. It's really fun. It's really fun. It's finally after the year. It's my fifth birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday.