It was a joke, you cannot take it, but I didn't understand Kurya, sometimes I don't understand
perfectly Tagalog.
It was a joke, you cannot take it, but I didn't understand Kurya, sometimes I don't understand
perfectly Tagalog.
So guys we are proceeding well, we are cleaning now here, actually here is my bolo, the bolo
of Kurya is way more sharp so with him we will make it really more faster.
I bought this actually in the Palenque, we bought it for 450 or 500 pesos, but apparently
it's not one of the best.
We are moving on the back of our property, this is our wall outside the boundary, and
we will need to remove all this huge bamboo.
And as you can see here on my back is really totally a jungle of bamboo, it's really thick,
the bamboo are really big, look at here the stem guys, are so so huge, these are the roots
of some bamboo I think, look at here, so big.
And the problem you can see that all this bamboo was really coming inside, and it will
be a bit of hard work, but we really need to remove it all, because there is too much
shade inside the property.
Also here in this corner we will probably clean it all, this way we will have also more
sun coming in and for the vegetable garden will be better.
So guys it's 30 minutes just that we started, 30-40 minutes and look at here, we've already
piled so much bamboo, and Kuya is now on top of there, on top of the wall, cutting all
the bamboo over here, we're already done a lot, with the help of Kuya this will be done
really fast.
And guys look at here how big this bamboo was, and with this actually I'm planning
to do something, we will try to make glasses, during our travel we saw that some people
are using this big bamboo for glasses, I'm just curious, we will try to make it one,
let's see if I will be able to.
And guys cutting the bamboo we saw also a nest bee, I don't know if you can see it,
it's just over there, before cutting the bamboo you get there, yes we need to cut it Kuya
yes we need to before make sure that the bee will go away and maybe if we can move it
somewhere we will, because of course we really need to cut that part.
Forks are proceeding well, now it's around two hours that we are working, Kuya is already
there, look at there, he's now removing all and this will be the next, a bit more and
we have maybe also even finished.
Kuya is now cleaning all this bamboo, it's actually really complicated to do this work
because the bamboo is actually itchy, plus it's full of not thorns but other
sticks that are coming out, it's not just one long, it's one with a lot of many of these
that are going everywhere and you really need to be careful that they are not going inside
your eyes, it's really my wrap. And with Kuya now we are trying to save more bamboo as possible
because maybe we can use it for creating some structure for our vegetable garden,
here are already some. For the happiness of Teresita we have one huge of this,
we will enjoy to create some soup with this, let's show it to her. Look at here babe,
for your happiness, I know you like this right, we will cook it, we will make some soup, so huge.
It's called alabong. Yes alabong, sobran lake.
We will make a soup, do you know how to make a soup with this? Right? We want to try. Very good.
But no, I prefer the stir-fried with vegetables. Yeah we can make also that.
Look at here guys, this is really big and this is heavy. Kuya is taking more bamboo.
Very good.
He's telling us how to cook the bamboo also.
Suka.
Tapos, ricado, paminta, sibuyas, lasuna.
Lasuna ba? Garlic, di ba? Garlic, paminta.
Sa Tagalog. Kuya ninin kasi si Kuya. Kuya ninin kasi ako.
Tapos.
Alabong.
You haven't eaten yet babe right? You haven't tried this? I never tried this guys.
Will be my first time to try something like this.
Interesita will try. Kuya will show us
how to cut it and we will probably try to cook it.
So guys here we go, look at here.
Basically this is what we're going to eat and we'll cut it around until here
and we will try to cook it. So guys we move on the table now and Kuya will cut.
Thank you so much Kuya. Look at here guys.
From cutting the bamboo. Yes. Cutting the bamboo to cooking 101.
So this is the jungle life. From cutting the bamboos now we're cooking the bamboo. Yes guys.
From farm to table. Parang ganun. Right baby Bella? From the wild to table. Yes.
Now Kuya is cutting all.
So guys now we are putting salt and Kuya is cutting the bamboo. We're going to cook it now.
Yeah and we're boiling water. Yes. So the bamboo will be softer. Kuya will show us how to prepare it.
Yeah kuya rino. Yes. Kuya rino yeah. So this is the bamboo.
Oh yummy.
It's actually full of no chance because it's a bamboo shoots.
Look at here guys so many now. Kuya almost finished it all.
Now that we cut all we need to cook it for 30 minutes. Let's see if everything will fit here.
It was not planned. It was not planned.
We put all of this Kuya. Let's see if it will fit.
So guys look it's now almost ready. From white it's becoming yellow. We need to wait around 10
minutes more and we'll be ready. Now I'm slicing the onion and the garlic. We have almost done.
Ready to eat. And the labong has been boiled and I'm draining it now to remove the excess water.
Mommy drain it already. And then we will saute. Yes a bit more and we will taste it. Let's see if it's good.
So I'm sauteing garlic and onion.
Before we put the labong while Mirka and Kuya are busy cutting the bamboo. So now I'm putting the labong.
Smells good.
Two men at work can make miracles. Guys it's all cleaned here now. Thank you so much Kuya.
Kuya thank you. Thank you so much. The place is becoming really clean.
We still need to cut this bamboo on top of us but Kuya and me are making an amazing job.
And soon we need to eat also. The food is almost ready. Today we are cooking. We are cutting the
bamboo. We are doing everything and look at here now Kuya is cutting the last bamboo over here.
Our friend Lino today is really helping us a lot. We need to really be grateful. We are cleaning all the area here.
We have now the bamboo here. We are really lucky. Kuya is now removing the last big bamboo.
Look how huge is this. Super big. My hands. The bamboo is super super big. Time to eat.
Finally the food is ready. Look at here guys.
Guys we will try also.
Let's see how it is.
So let's try guys. First time that I try. We saw on YouTube and also Tere was always telling me
about this but this is the first time for me to try it. Look at here guys. Let's see.
It's really good. I don't know how to tell you what's the taste.
I'm really not familiar to any taste like this but it's so good.
Super syrup Kuya. Between Bella Bella need to be changed so mama is not here with us.
So baby Bella and mommy are with us now. How it is baby? It's good?
You ever tried before or is it the first time?
But this is my first time and it's good.
Everybody remember when we were there. Yeah we tried to eat it once but we didn't found.
Baby Bella you what you want to say to the vlog? Hello everyone.
Yes that's right.
Here we go back guys. It's now afternoon. There is still sun. It's around four in the afternoon
and Kuya Lino helped me really a lot. Look at here the bamboo are now gone. The jungle is outside
but not inside our property anymore. It's really really great news. There is a bit of madume over
here. We will clean it. He's also helping me now to clean a bit here in the garden guys.
We did an amazing job today.
And this is the view from the deck. Finally the garden is back. So guys is everything for today's
video. Don't forget to comment, subscribe, like, join the membership program. See you in the next
video guys. Ciao ciao.
