 Oh! Oh! What's up Philippines? Welcome to another reaction video. Today we are going to be reacting to uh... Money Packier's daughter surprising her parents with a surprise dinner. I did not know that it's a YouTube channel I did not know he has a daughter So a lot of surprises for me here By the way guys, if you know around here I am Mike and I'm Nelly. We are to travel food and lifestyle vloggers that are based in Makati We've been living here for the past year and been traveling around the Philippines for the past three years And we are actually filming this from our apartment here. After being stranded for three months in Cheg'al, um, family made it home and um, obviously filmed everything on our main channel so definitely check it out to a pop-up right here. Alright, so we're not for the douche or we jump into the video. One more thing! One more thing! One more thing! Steve Jobs! Yeah, we need your suggestions for the videos and that we are filming here so if you have anything that is very um, what is it? Current, uh, that is due, that we haven't seen yet I feel free to send us a message on Instagram it's at making it happen blog and at Nelly's Life Underline and pop-up right here. Um, pop-up right here. Yeah, I will write to your video to your suggestions so you can be part of this but now we can jump right into this video. Yeah. Pop! Woo! Oh, she has a bit of intro to the night. Hey guys! Welcome back to my channel! Welcome back to my channel! Don't forget to subscribe and turn on those more ways Those post notifications and don't forget to comment down below what my next video should be I'm Ian Queenie, I'm dressed up because we're going to be serving our mom and dad for this surprise dinner date. Okay, so right now my mom's working out and my dad's in the room. I hope he doesn't see your arrangements because you opened the window. So yes, so here's the footage of what will happen the while going how we arranged everything so yeah. We'll bring you guys Look at the whole look Oh, this is what the arrangements are. We're going to eat right over there. I remember doing the same thing with Mrs. the right of us. They're working out Daddy! Obviously they have to keep it a secret I was always in surprise. Okay, so we're going to get a tablecloth now because we have to take it back from Daddy because he's on the very side and I don't want him to see us I hope he didn't see us So we got the cloth I think I think I look like a nice house Yeah Wow But I brought you also a flower You want me to put it in and then you'll have mommy take a very good mission I'm going to put it in with the candle and flowers Now I'm going to put it back in Okay, I'll put it in and I'll put it back in I want to hold it Yeah I'll put it in Yeah, but we're going to put it in 11-12 Yeah, I'll put it in I'm still like, yeah, already looking good Oh, getting an architect with an autumn theme Yeah Wow, look at that And see It's so nice It's very nice when, you know, children want to surprise the parents it's a way of giving back She's so young, you know it's just very thoughtful Yeah It's very nice when children want to surprise the parents it's a way of giving back She's so young, you know it's just very thoughtful Yeah How do we put those plates in this room? Hahaha Come on Oh, cute Oh Oh I'm going to put it in here And we're so ready Come on The channel is actually a very very well done Yeah, it's very well done Oh, you've got it Yeah, no time for jokes Get the work done This is done, this is done, this is done You know what What am I going to do Oh, I want to clean in here It looks nice You're so cool You're are they Oh It's probably getting his work done Hahaha Thank you Oh no It's right there Yeah This is there Okay That's really method Even if it's just ordered It's nicely arranged That's really method That's really method Even if it's just ordered It's nicely arranged That's really good Oh Oh Oh Lots of Lots of Lots of love for Dika Yeah Wow I didn't know that I didn't know that Oh, I am better But you're so good But I'm not in here I'm not in here You're not in here That's very quiet No Why Why Why Here we go Wait Oh no Speaking of wine That's why would be nice though Yeah Okay now all we have to do is wait And then I'll show you guys See you later Wow Oh, rain that have to be written inside That rain because The setting was so perfect Oh Here we have it Still very cute inside Yeah, mommy and daddy Mommy is falling, mommy and daddy Here we go Thank you so much Thank you Okay Wow Mommy is so good Oh Mommy is a bit busler Wow We didn't take the door Thank you Thank you guys And then we'll go to the kitchen So we'll just go Because we're in a car So we'll just go there And then we'll just go there Yeah, very cute Oh And we're done Thanks, thanks, thank you Mommy, I'm so glad Mommy, I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad Mommy, I'm so glad you're here Mommy, I was in a car I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here Mommy, I'm so glad you're here Mommy, I'm so glad you're here Mommy, I'm so glad you're here Mommy, I'm so glad you're here Mommy, I'm so glad you're here Wow, nice one Nice picture Oh Oh, and the flowers roses We go to the ceremony Oh, I love the thank you We're in the love meetings Mommy, what's that Okay, all done, everything Everything Mommy, what's that message To the origami flower? Oh, thank you I'm so glad you're here Thank you very much Thank you very much So then let me go walk for us Guys, we need to tell you the origami No, thank you Thank you, thank you Thank you, thank you Okay Here we go We don't know the stars What is that? What is that? What is that? Oh, I'm scared I'm scared I'm scared Oh, it's obviously very touched That's how I felt when we got the card from Yeah Jen and Paul He still doesn't know what's going on, I guess Look Look Oh, it's crying Oh, it's crying It's a shame, it's a shame Oh, no Oh, no It's so cute It's so cute It's so cute So we'll help you let them Yes, what I will Thank you, thank you Yeah, my best day Yeah, I think I'm happy They're leaving them alone now I'm happy Bye Thank you Thank you so much for watching This is one of the videos that I will remember a lot Yeah And I hope you guys subscribe to my YouTube channel And comment down below what my next video should be I might do one of them and shout out the idea It's a beautiful video But it was very memorable So see you guys in the next video Oh, so cute Very nice Yeah, that's the beautiful thing about vlogging Everything that you do And upload is It's for you And we love going back to our videos And seeing our life in Austria Our life in Miami And how our life here in Philippine started And talking about that We are going to celebrate our Yavuzerie living here in Makati And today Yeah, so you know It was the 9th of June last year that we moved into the South Yeah, so I think what we're going to do is Maybe Work some vlogs And see how we started out here And you know what happened Maybe we can react to our own like moving here vlogs Let us know in the comments down below If you want to see that It's a very emotional vlog I know I'm going to see myself crying I cry again so it's going to be like Cry inception And I'm going to cry when I see how the Apartment gradually filled up with more And more pillowcases Yeah, at a grocery We still don't have lampshades Yeah, it's hard to find the perfect ones I'm also the... So hard when there's no IKEA The lady that I'm texting For the lampshade she's just not replying She doesn't want my money She's just got to get it Alright guys, if you enjoyed this video be sure to Give it a thumbs up Give it a thumbs up subscribe and keep it up I will see you guys next time on What's up melodies? Bye bye Bye bye