 Future Friday. The freshest. Bleh! Proceeding in our discovery of more talent and these are obviously super fun to do. You guys do keep sending us more calculations of videos like this. And this again viral singers that they may not do this for a living but of course in the Philippines I think we could literally do countless videos of this. But this is like some of the most recent ones and some ones that you guys like you have to check them out. We obviously don't like them this so often. But it is interesting to do them like every now and then to see what voices we can discuss. And if you do have any of their social media stuff like that, do put it in the comment section below. Absolutely, absolutely. Also a little reminder that we have phone cases and different additions to the merch line of love on the website, Future Friday store that comes. So go check it out. At the end of Feb. That's right. Like me. That's right. Like me. So make sure you get it before the end of February. But let's go. And let's have a look. It says, it says, it's right. Which I don't know what it means. Like that's drinking whiskey just dribble. Oh. Oh, it's beer. It's beer, it's beer. Maybe it's not even beer. Maybe something else. It's beer. It's beer. I love it. This is like the way we are. I love it. This is like the way we are. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. This is like a hangout. Like this is it. You know. It's the thing to do. Yeah. I wonder if they play dominos as well. That's fantastic, dude. The guy is fun. But what a hoist. The guy next to him is fucking him. He's gone. But he is so good. Unbelievable. He's like, I don't know. Let me just let that last one sink in. I'm going to eat as well, wouldn't mind. Probably. I like his friend. That's great. Wow. He's on Job now. This people can just do this for a living. There you go. Cheers buddy. Salam Abo, bro. Salam Abo. Yes. What song is this, buddy? I don't know it's bad. Cute. I love the good 80s, buddy. Are they just so good? Here we go. I'm saying it's from the 80s. But I literally don't know the song. Bro, this guy is drink, bro. she All the So cool! The last live music man. No it's not. City tourist. Is there? They've been searching microphones. No. No. No they. Oh it's not a song. I know the song got what it said I don't know. Yes. Oh god it's a song. What is it? Let's go, let's go. Let's go! They're not playing! That's what I meant! That sounds like a... Yeah, it was like nothing to check. I'm not supposed to be here! This is past my bedtime! So, here's a question. How deep into the night does this start to happen? Like, how many drinks down? Happens anytime. I think, say for example, you go like... You know how it's in the daytime? It's popular, right? But you know how in Venezuela you had like this... like lunches in like Sunday. You go for soup in the middle of the... Not on Sunday, just every day at 12 or 1pm, right? There's a break that is genuinely known as lunchtime in South America anyways. Yeah, pretty much South America. Yeah, pretty much, I would think. And... It's a good assumption? I'd like to know, in the Philippines it's the same. Like at 12pm or 1pm usually, do you take like a break? Or maybe your job ends. Like if you're a teacher for example, that's the end of your call. Like 130, that's basically. You gotta go have lunch. And then people like to go to this like bars or we call them taskas because they're more like... Yes, they go restaurants with life music sometimes and they do surf alcohol too. Yeah, they surf alcohol but they also surf really good food. That's really affordable. Which is basically the Venezuela inversion of a pub. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's it. But the food's better. The food's better. The pub food is not widely known for being the best. But the taskas... The pubs you go to. But the taskas sell really good food for really good prices. For really good prices. And they're kind of like home cooked. Yes. The thing about pubs here is that it feels more like a restaurant to certain extent. You know, depends if you go obviously. But you could go to dirty, you know. Have a good, good lunch. But I would imagine does that happen there? Like if you do have that lunch break, people will start singing. So yeah, I think it usually happens like in the restaurant-ish settings where they have carotids and stuff. So after a few beers and a few drinks, they just break in song. Now informal restaurants, like really formal restaurants, does this still occur? Do they still have a karaoke machine? That's a very good question. They believe it as entertainment. Because what I'm seeing is obviously like probably similar to it like back home. Like the street, the street, like restaurant-style of things, like the bars. Kind of like the most pub-like environments. The taskas, which I don't know what you call them, just kind of pubs. Those are where people kind of, you know, they have a couple and they sing or parties at home. Like in the back garden, in the pastures. Yeah, yeah. It's also very popular back home in Venezuela that in the porch, right after 5 or 6, you would put a stand or food. Like outside for people from around the neighborhood to just come and buy from your little stand. Instead of a lemonade stand, you had a hot dog stand. And everybody come to chill in the area. But yeah, I think they do that in Philippines too. But like karaoke machines. So they're out there howling until 4 o'clock in the morning. That's no, so that one we do go. And given the similarities as well of the coaches, I always love asking those questions to see how close. It's just very, very good. This will never not stop being impressive. Yeah. It is. It's like it's such an environment, right? It's like everything. And it's just the modernization's right. Huh? Just say what I mean. What is impressive? Yes, it is. It's my taste and the taste of the world's alongside. Woohoo! It's like the time you have with me. You're with me. Woohoo! And he's a golfed by the song as well. They're not just singers. They're also kind of performers, right? Yeah. It's like they feel it. So, I just can't. Woohoo! Woohoo! That's so good. Give me a give me a give me a give. Ah! Give me a give. So you've got the other thing like, this is like in a house. Or is it a house? On a home. Even my control on freaking back anchoring this guy got it. This is very wild. Cast them. Ali. I was just so fucking Asian. Yeah! Woohoo! Listen, listen, listen. Moment, this is insanity. Cust, cust, cust. We know Lanny. We know Lanny. We know this song, right? We know this is like wild. Like I hit a ballad like everybody wanted to sing it. And the wild thing is like completely out of notion. This is a male larynx. I mean, he is singing this like it is freaking walking down the park. It is fantastic. The modulation, the use of the falsettos that mix between connection, completely resonant into the chest. He never went into a breathy falsetto. It's very grounded, very resonant. And then you have this gorgeous, absolute fantastic anchoring that goes with that mic control that understands the type of plosives and melody that you have to hit right. And this is just for fun. It is so obviously not all people from the Philippines are going to sing. We know that, right? But what's interesting is that the average person's level of singing, so that already puts in the category that you can sing, you would qualify like if you were to do a questionnaire, you were to do a big sample size of the whole Philippines. Those that would say, I can sing, right? Yeah. So the level of those people that would consider themselves, I can sing, I can hold a tune. Yeah. It's definitely higher than anywhere else in the world. I would agree with that. Now saying that all people in the Philippines sing, that's probably a lie. That's just more like hyperbole. It makes for good wows. It makes for good... It's a great running joke. Exactly. But definitely though, the average person, the average level of singing is way higher than anywhere in the world. I think if you go from percentages, I think the percentages of people that actually can sing. That can sing. And not just I can hold a tune, but people that can actually sing. Because he doesn't... Because he can't hold it. He does not hold it. He's not holding a tune. He is singing. He is implementing complex techniques. He is aware of when falsettos and how to create changes on fluctuations in the voice. Breath control, the utilization of tilting of the larynx. All of these principles are incredibly complex on paper. And they discover them through replication practice. And this is the best example. Bali was one of my closest friends. He was asking Bali, okay, well you know, I'd like to sing. So how can I sing? And I think I was perspectives on how to teach singing or how to teach... Completely changed. I have completely shifted thanks to the Filipino music industry. As a matter of fact, thanks to just the Philippines overall. I asked getting the audio opportunity to experience it. From abroad, you know, we're still having been there. And I come way for the day we two to do. We need it. Not to be hyperbolic again, but that will probably be a life-changing experience. And it will probably shift a lot of our... Yeah, perspectives on music. On music. Especially on old skills that require the mastering of the voice. Voice, voice, voice overall. Yeah, because some of the really great voice actors in the Philippines too. Internationally, I think some of the best voice acting that I've heard, dubbed stuff, it comes from the Filipino talent. And I hope it accent really well as well. That says a lot. That says a lot about the common denominator. Of course, it's not everybody falls into the common denominator. Of course, but you have extremes in both ends. But in the industry, it really, really, really has a really strong pull of talent. That's right. So overall, there's a really rich environment for entertainment overall. Inate, entertainment in the Philippines, which is what makes this so interesting to me. There's no one cutting me behind this. It's fucking smoking, I was thinking about... They're smoking and they're drinking. I mean, the bottom of the movie, it's not a drama, it's not a drama. The whole body is the way you're all going to love that you are. And you sound that you're looking at. Just sing, that's the way to love. And you're all going to love that you're looking at.