 Hi to all the juices out there, it's Friday night. We got some drinks in the house. We got some party bangers on and we are gonna have a fantastic night tonight We're out of drink, grab a friend, get ready for this video Okay guys, you're the thought we've been drinking. We haven't drank a single drop. We haven't started yet So many comments in part one of this video saying they're definitely already drunk when they started filming Increase, we're just excited. It's Friday night. No, what night is it? Thursday night. Again. Yes, we're gonna do this last Thursday All right, this is a weekly thing now part three next Thursday Guys if you haven't seen part one of this video, we did a video trying Filipino alcohol It was kind of like a requested video for a little while. It was basically excuse to have a drink on the balcony with you guys And we kind of like rated the alcohols out of ten. Yes, so we're gonna do the same today We've got a low more alcohol. We've up the empty. We've got stronger alcohol. We've got crazy alcohol today I'm not gonna see your comments. So if you commented yet on the last video saying guys need to try this one We bought it because of you. Yes, so do that again today If there's any more we've missed in this video get in the comments and tell us what you want to pass Absolutely like before we're gonna head out on the balcony. It's not raining today last time It's not raining. We've got like little sunset coming into we're gonna have a few drinks We're gonna try them see what we think of the stronger Filipino alcohol There's a few that are still a bit more mild, but we've got more strong ones last time we only had Henebra it's pronounced as an H not a G you messed up last time It's time we've got more spirits as well. So hey feeling to be honest I don't think I've eaten enough today. So I think alcohol is gonna go straight to my head This could be interesting. Alright guys, let's go So as you can see we have a nice line up of alcohol here We're we're just gonna work from this way to this way It's kind of looks like it's getting stronger. Although we have we have put another beer in the middle of the rams here Because I think two rams in a row is this one might be Brandy. Oh my god, Brandy. That's the last. That's the finish. That might be a little bit intense That's the finish. Okay, we've also got some mixes which we'll talk about because we're not gonna just drink these Knee but we might try it neat as well. I don't know think about this video last time we didn't plan it this time We haven't planned it. We literally just bought this stuff. We're gonna sit now to work our way through it and try it Something I'm really noticing is a hangover tomorrow in the last of it was like A little bit of gin. That's fine. True. This time it's like all different spirits and I think it's all right Don't worry. We're starting off like we're starting off with Tandwai ice you always put it up I don't think it's not the focus this is a Tandwai ice vodka lemonade. That sounds quite tasty Refreshing and nice ease in and nice ease in exactly a vodka lemonade was like one of my drinks of choice at university Because you could drink a lot of vodka We're doing that's fine. I thought it was like half a party hardly any and you can really not taste the vodka when it's mixed with lemonade So this is right away Wait, oh, I thought this was wrong. So maybe this is wrong vodka and lemonade and I reckon it's Tandwai's version of Smell of ice right right this is 6% alcohol so this is quite my mix. That's really strong, right? I think the one before was 5% Because it's kind of like because you think these are nothing but let's try So cheers in the Philippines is Tadai. How do we not say that? I know I know Tadai. I contact Here we go again Oh, you know that tastes like a drink. Sure, Smell. When you're little and you have the ice solace the really long ones are like in plastic clear plastic like ice pops Do you know what it tastes like the lemon one of that but it just tastes like phanta? You would not know there was any alcohol in these that's why they're so good to drink if you want to get drunk That's the thing with vodka though. You never taste vodka in a mixer. It always just sits there and gets you drunk. Oh, are we gonna do out of ten again? Ten out of ten. I Fluminack we've got in high end. That is the end of the video. Like for what it is. I again, I'm for the I wouldn't really buy this. I wouldn't order this myself But for the drink based on the drink itself what it does is the flavor the taste Yeah, ten out ten. There's you can't fault it. There's nothing you can't use it this last time You like rate the really high it and see wouldn't order it which makes zero sense for me The joys of film and about can I I'm gonna go with a seven out of ten. It's very sweet. It's a bit gassy It's given me like a bit of a bird in my throat That's true if you drank so many of these I'm tempted to finish this but we won't okay the next one is one of our I think it's our favorite brand of beer in the Philippines that we've had like would you agree? Yeah, there's loads of different flavors. This is in canto logger. We like pay a lael. We like the IPA The Laga double IPA which is incredibly strong things like 12% or something We just had this one in the fridge so we could we added to the mix today So this is probably my nice easy drinker. Yeah, the in canto larga very very light very easy But still still kind of full-bodied and it's got a lot of taste to it Definitely, but it's still easy to drink. It's like the perfect blend perfect. The perfect balcony bit Oh, that's a lot. Okay. Cool. Good cheers tonight Like so different going from such a sweet drink to such like a beery drink true All this does have this does have like fruity elements in it It's a mate you go a bit no no no no no no no no no no it's fairly citrusy actually I feel like I feel like it really seriously this time We're really going through the the blends and the toast and the aromas and last time it was coming to rank Maybe maybe we'll get more like that keep watching the video we'll get more drinks I think that in the last one there was a point where I forgot I was just filming a video We were just drinking. Okay, raise it. That's a nine out of ten for me. It's if I want a larga that is a go-to It does exactly what it's supposed to do I'm feeling very hot. I think it's a drunk. I was like you can't be drunk already It's earlier in the day than we've done last time. It's currently 8 a.m It's like Sorry It is very hot so what we're gonna do for everything we try now we're gonna remove a piece of clothing. Okay, I'll go first All right So now we're gonna try this which we haven't tried at all before actually most of these we haven't tried I haven't tried any of these before Oh, and can't so see anyone. Yeah, we did have a different flick. Oh, and I have her Pepsi before we did have a different flavor of this last time We have a red one. I'm gonna Well, I'm gonna bet it the bubbles are like pink that was so nice Okay Don't shake it You're an idiot your idiot. You're an idiot. That's so cool. Can you see a pink bubble? It's not a cherry a This is what I'm thinking it might taste of it might not good. Can I oh? That smells really good red. Oh, it's oh it's quite late. It's red energy. This is energy drink. Okay This alcohol mix of fruit flavors. Okay, I'm concerned. Oh, what was the percentage of incanto? Do you want to read that out while I find this? This is 4.8 which for a larga is strong and this is five So this one was a lot. It's just six. This one's actually like a less intense Uncony mix. It really looks like a like a fizzy porky cherry a you'd eat like then you get like a kids party But I don't think you should have this at kids parties. Wow It's very fruity. It tastes like sweet. It doesn't taste like fruit. It tastes like sweet I don't like it as much. It feels like it's coating my teeth with sugar agreed. I get that with normal coat Yeah, I don't like that. I like the taste. It does taste good But I don't like what it's doing to me None of these are doing good things to you George. You're so much faster than me. I'm like It doesn't taste like alcohol. It tastes like a fizzy sweet drink For me, I think it tastes like something I'd like to eat it tastes like a sweet But I don't think you're like drinking it. I'm only gonna go six out ten I wouldn't be able to drink more than one of those I think I'll go five. I think I'm gonna struggle to drink there. I'm being generous tonight I can't I hmm You were generous last time you went straight in with the high So this one actually deserves a bit of its own time in the spotlight This is Tandois rum which is very very famous in the Philippines So both sides because the bottle is really cool on both sides really oh Yeah cool, so it's basically Rum established in 1854 Wow, so this is old. I mean not this bottle this bottle's like 2016 probably there's a cocktail it recommends you should have so this is saying to have it with like lime juice We've bought here something called juicy lemon so this could be something nice to have with it Or we can have cake we thought it was on brand low to get this juicy drink But I think first Lucy we should try it for what it is our first taste of Tandois rum neat Just a small little taste so we know what it tastes like we can appreciate it Comment below if you've tried this is distilled in vanilla. That's so cool. Well, I give the video thumbs up if you like Lucy's Manila T-shirt pick that up the other day. Okay, so we finally got the bottle open. That's a mission right We're gonna have a little I'm smelling this it smells sweet. I know Filipina is like Like things a little bit sweeter. Oh God. That's really strong isn't it? Let's know like if this is actually mixed with something Or if it's just neat rum We're just gonna try a little bit neat. Not too much. Let me get a tiny bit Oh I forgot those will be something that That's so strong Okay, I've already tried it then Oh my god, is it really? What happened there you can put down your hands on it when you were just opening the bottle There's a little crack so he was like oh maybe because of the lid the hunk It's broken a little bit so he tried he put a little bit in but forgot something I had to break it. What he thought he was drinking this was that I just Okay, you're turn you need to get rid of that no you need to give me a type you had two drops in there I know you give you no more than that that's so much more than you. No you're good. Just get it down in one It's a nice throat warmer, but I'm already so warm George. I really don't need a throat warmer right now Well, so you're doing that. I'm gonna have something and I'm gonna mix it with the juicy the juicy drink So just a little bit. No, okay, crazy. I don't like very sweet. I used to be a shot when I was at 16 a shot of I've seen you drink Three coming up three two zero Strong right so I'm gonna give you a little bit more worried because I may love it so much Actually though as far as rum goes it tastes pretty good exactly It's not nice to shot it, but actually it's quite a nice beverage So I have no idea what this juicy lemon is I can't actually read the ingredient. Oh Water sugar natural flavors acid acid and a lot of stuff right so I'm guessing it's like a lemonade Hopefully it will take some of the strong strength away from this Rubber Cheers So a little syphilis a little cocktail Look at how sneaky cocktails in the bathroom Just like right at the beach tag eye So guys Hello summer not think I need a bit more rum in that summer isn't it? That summer in a bottle. Yeah, I think we were a little bit Afraid when I bought that one that bottle of smooth on its own did it that is summer in a cup That's like getting me some music playing get me in a swimming pool on a float cool That is like dangerous cocktail on a whole lot of vacation I like that that's good so this is very like strong on its own, but there's a lot of sugar in this I'm guessing yeah the sweetness takes away from it and it just I'm to balance it that that is the perfect mix. I'm gonna I'm going Wash logo. I'm going 9.5 out of 10 okay the only reason the point five left off is because I know I'd get very drunk drinking more than one or two of these Yeah, I'm gonna go with an eight think I'm more harsh with both in the new one. Okay, okay So the next one I also need to show you up close because you may be thinking wow this bottle looks a little Mysterious a little unknown little bit unbranded. Well, you'd be incorrect. You would be a Hundred percent correct on one of our Philippine road trip we swung into Balea really cool place. We loved it. We stayed with this really cool girl an Airbnb host How a bungalow was the name of the Airbnb? Yeah, I don't remember that on our way out of the Airbnb when we left We stayed a couple of nights she gave us this. I got a little gift for you little You're souvenir from your state. This is a rice wine that I make here. Is it rice wine? Or is it coconut wine? Oh, it could be coke. It's something like that It's something like that and she gave it to us in this little like potion bottle It looks like a potion and let's just give you some context here if you didn't see that already There's a skull on the front and there's a skull with a bead on the side So I'm pretty terrified me to me to I mean scared this is so mysterious. I felt like this looks like actual water that poison Well, it could be we didn't we just accepted the game get to know that well she seemed really nice, but You did love but you gave it to us You ready? What if it is back what oh my word that is that smell? We had something like this in Vietnam remember yeah, that was rice wine and that got us very drunk in the mid-day Have you done yours? Yeah, I put it all right cheers just get this done It's got straight my stomach that's really it's still on my lips It's coated my lips that is Diculously strong ridiculously strong do we start our Instagram? Be nice we're like you've got the coconut taste Strong on its own one earth are they creating here in Philippines? There's crazy people out there. Okay, I'm very hot This is what we planned this properly which actually wasn't actually We now just have a nice beer to enjoy together So we thought we'd had all of them Sam Miguel beers. There's another one that we couldn't find today Yeah, we were trying another video. Hey Sam Miguel that I've never actually heard of it says premium all Malt and they're talking about like hops and stuff on the back So this could be our kind of thing. Well, please me you can't me. Yes, yes Yeah, you need to give me more warning you kind of let go and then I'm sorry Oh, it smells really strong. I was very like a multi. Okay, it might be Not huge fan of that Next to the encanto which I'd much prefer It's not very crispy. It was kind of more flat but quite bubbly. Yeah, maybe it's not as cold Oh, it is cold. Maybe it doesn't take it takes more like a room temperature beer Do you know what if that was ice cold that would actually be really nice if was like the bubbles are smaller So it's a bit more gassy. Yeah, yeah, it's not a secret All right, let's okay. I'm gonna go seven I go seven as well tonight We've actually got our lighting here, so it might be a little brighter moment But it is getting darker, so I hopefully it's gonna balance out. Okay. Oh sorry I think that's some of the coconut wine the bottom of that still really go away. Oh I totally feel like you know what you've done in my out and You keep mixing more drinks and you don't know that nicely drunk You feel a bit like oh you get to that point It's definitely feeling it. I've got like a warm buzz all over me my lips are a bit Yeah, I'm really looking forward to food last time we did this video We ordered food tonight. Lucy's actually gonna make us some food. So a little bit help you All we might end up ordering as well. I don't know who knows. Okay next up. We have empera light This is a brandy. This is one that we had a lot of comments to get our hands on I think it was about 80 pesos in our little shop near us So it's quite cheap for the size of the alcohol I'd personally say I compare to the UK My what can you hear my voice? I'm like I'm gonna you sound drunk. I'm not slurring But where you can tell if Lucy's drunk her eyes really just the eyes. Are you yet? You're getting there? You serious? Oh my god yet so many every time I see drunk It's your eyes I can't no it's just something about right. They're like vacant and a little bit watery a little bit blood shot Oh great. I feel like it's my voice that goes because when I watch back You let me let me Instagram stories whatever and I'm drunk. I'm like Yeah, your voice does go how do you know if I'm drunk? You kind of have like a bit of a smirk on your face and you're a bit like cheeky and like constantly I don't know and you make like rude Joe. I do do that. I think that's okay. I think you're a bit more subtle Okay, I don't think I've actually ever had brandy in my life for me brandy reminds me of I think you put brandy on top of it Christmas pudding. Okay, and that's what makes it go on fire No, my mum had a gave me a brandy shot. That's right. That's not good That does remind me of Christmas. Oh, let's just pretend we're in the festive spirit. Okay, my Christmas Happy New Year Roundy for Christmas. Let's get over there. Let's go with a brandy coke this one. Okay, I should It's a seat we want to the notion of version. You just point of yourself today. Oh, I'm sorry I always pour you first. She's actually okay. You need to finish that I always pour yours first You always pull me sorry emperado or light. Okay. This is the light version. It's not emperor Emperor I read it out as emperado. Sorry. So what are we worrying about it's only the light version today's Brandy coach is a guy Oh, yeah, it's got that warming taste What like that? That is good actually Brandy premium liquor. You're not hilarious now. We've got all these bottles of spirit in our apartment when we normally wouldn't so when we can have friends over Party round awfully. We have like a run party a gin party a brandy party You don't have to have specific parties. You can have a very party, but you like have one each night Monday night Tuesday night. Okay, okay. This was actually blended and bottled in case on the city No, and it's only 55 proofs with slightly less drunk 80 proofs mean 40% out of the last video. Okay cool Okay, so it's half 55 so that's a lot lighter I like that eight out of 10 guys. That's it. That's the end. We fit cheers. We finished the video Well, you literally didn't cheers me then you looked at it. You know I know I took a sip Cheers I think that was successful Guys if there's anything that we have missed that you want it I don't know why I'm asking this because there's probably a terrible idea I don't even know part I don't know if part two was a good idea if you want to do a part three I think we would stop there. I think it would be a trilogy No loose we can't do like trying alcohol part 12 It then just looks like our products and we need to listen listen One week every Thursday Little seats out on the balcony get my house out get the alcohol out every Thursday night What do you think guys I'm up for that let us know in the comments as try and convince George to make this a 12 part series No, sure we've got enough alcohol to do that We probably do actually but guys if we have missed anything out if you want to see a part three do let us know the comments Suggestions below anything we've missed any Filipino alcohol that you're aware of that we haven't tried yes Or if we like did anything wrong let us know because I know you're supposed to mix certain things This probably wasn't the perfect mix, but it did taste pretty good. We were actually looking for something called I think I Little makes it was like a lame cordial kind of thing So it was kind of close can I just say the prices keep surprising us here? Oh my god, we were asking about the price of this and we in the UK you'd maybe expect this to be Seven or eight pounds. Yeah, so you're thinking like four or five hundred pesos four five hundred pesos. We expected we asked him 75 that's really cheap. I mean that's good. It's all local stuff It's not imported if you buy imported stuff here. It's very expensive. That's true same with the same with the Tandoi This a bottle of a bottle of rum this size in the UK would set you back 10 or 10 to 12 pounds. Yeah, so maybe like 750 to 750 this here was I actually can't remember Around 90 or 80 this was 80 or 90 pesos, so it wasn't anymore really really cheap if you're looking for a good time Anyone a budget? This is you guys All right, if after quarantine If you guys want to come and help us finish this stuff sense message I invite you all up to balcony pro fear number one or two people on here, so it's quite tight But other than that guys we are gonna love you and leave you here. We're feeling a little bit How can I say? I'm doing the um under the influence I just hope you're doing this it over the influence. That's not right. We probably are over the influence We also quickly want to percise the drink responsibly message which is drink responsibly Rather than that guys, we will see you in the next day juice Please subscribe to channel if you're new give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed this video Don't try this at home. There's no need to sit and drink loads of alcohol in one bread. I really sense that You might not realise how In top of the hate of the art That if you saw the actual procedure for this out trade or like how many times yours try to say them thing Yeah, we probably do like a 20 minute Loomers video for you to hold video but anyway, we'll see you in the next day juice. Bye guys. Bye