 You could have done what I'd done but you ain't no arm man In the traction I double it up I've just listened to loony f with this g and I swear to god I didn't think I was gonna make it through that reaction There's no way This is flip top loony versus mock grist Or grist Apparently I think mock grist is from the UK's rap battle Almost half an hour or 25 minutes long So we're not even we're not even doing the introduction We're not even doing nothing. Yes, what we're doing we're playing it straight away. That's what we're doing. We're going we're going we're going I don't know more more grist but us loony he got pause he got some workplace so So Loony won the going thoughts he picked mark risk to go first cheer this shit man first round mark risk Flip top commu star Oh Prepping for this match was torture Eric. He's definitely from England He is I'm from England bros. I know when I hear it. He's from the UK Prepping for this match was torture Eric. I can't thank you more You took me on a massive tour this land is gorgeous. He even shared his battle formula the way you prep is mad important Pegasus Air Force one happy son I Was nervous, but they were very nice. They said he goes there every night Is he talking about like I don't really know what Pegasus and his fingers. What is he talking about like the hook is like where the hook is going stuff that And now this punk is what he gets me just some bamboo things he's destined to be worship for his earnings make your money don't impress me I'll punch you in a frenzy till I'm rupturing your belly pull your guts out hang in testing some the rafters and the bell free I'll drink your blood Till I'm rupturing your belly pull your guts out hang in testing some the rafters and the bell free I'll drink your blood like it was Sherry crush your nuts into confetti then I'll ring your Girl and you'll we saved a bunch of on our wedding It's it's gonna get real messy by knife V machete this puppy's blood will spark at first. I'd love to get a selfie that we were Now now you just being a friend is showing appreciation But when you're in a battle you're in a battle to kill you know as leave all of that for the end I know it's a part of the act and stuff but God damn it you already lost to you that type of stuff you already It's very nice son And this this is a part of the act Thank you see for a while now I've been trying to take a bunch of shots to illustrate the lowest ebbs of human nature So but No no that makes sense because if he was only taking a selfie because he's a fan he's not really lost but he used That's his a part of his performance okay and fair play to Loonie to play along because you could have said no and then after what he's at least you would Have to have a plan B if he said no I'm not taking no photos with you to say something else but he just played perfectly for him you know but he saw Confident in himself Loonie that he did it and he played along with it anyway so you should be scared if someone do that So the things that make me think I'm lucky life's okay yeah you know like a dog that's lost its tail or a guy who's missed the train Or a bunch of guys I've met who've been sleeping rough for days without one picture of your face that is proper fucking failure I mean that other stuff is really bad but that could be my screen saver I mean no one would fall in love with this You look like a deflated puffer fish What One eye closed, shite closed hair on your chin that's like a goat's nostrils so far apart they each have their own tight Zones I mean those are wide I bet when you He's gonna kill you All right, you weren't all that subtle did you dig the finger in right up to the knuckle did you lift it and you weren't all that subtle did you One one eye closed shite closed hair on your chin that's like a goat's nostrils so far apart they each have their own Zones I mean those are wide I bet when you picked it you weren't all that subtle did you dig the finger in right up to the knuckle did you Lift it and spin it did you get your whole fisting did you hammer in both like some pneumatic pistons whenever you sniff does the furniture drifting I heard I heard What you sniff does the furniture drifting that means your nose is so big you can when you sniff the air you're pulling a furniture towards you What the fuck is this Top of his grandma when she went into kiss him when you're out on a mission if the wind starts to pick in does it fill up with Dogs and cats and pigeons I heard weekends if he's got spare hours of fitting he likes to install the odd art exhibition It's so wide nose plus that cap and shaved head are quite scary you know but I'd shave I could I'll say it to God there's no way me personally I don't know how people pick this as a profession I know there's certain line you might not want to cross but I think a rap battle have no boundaries if correct me from wrong because I used to listen to Osno Osno typing Osno UK rap battle versus anyone he is like one of the UK most top rap battle performer Yeah, and I'm telling you rap battling not even rap ball in what they call this just battle He has no holes bars anything goes and how do you even take it man? You have to have a different type of art you know it's crazy It's too if my hair didn't grow I mean it's so wide nose plus that cap and shaved head are quite scary You know but I'd shave my hair too if my hair didn't grow I mean come on don't be surprised that caps there because he needs it You know the truth your hair lines receding if he took that thing off if he took that thing off you could see it retreating I guess it's not just Sony records the wants to up and leave him and the don't listen Now you have to eat him because that's the big personal right there that is personal He did a whole background research and check out you loony he did his research and you Sony records the wants to up and leave him And the don't listen to them you don't need no cosmetics you're like a one man Filipino Venice just with the nostrils of an evil ferret And the hairline of Magneto's helmet You have to have a look at the time Mike's voice I'm not good at that that was good that was good You're a bow-wrapping teacher according to the pamphlets but not was looking forward to your matches There was boring as your classes he likes to call himself a metaphorical assassin bro you're such an adorable faggot I should send this foreigners body to the corner after using his four wheeler bag as a portable casket You're a full-time teacher right? Fly by rapper you can't kick it with me grist I'm a my time master The type to body bag you and give you a high five after especially if you're asking for it like the Wi-Fi password Bro you are school teacher bitch in Jesus Christ Your school teacher you basically if you're a part bro if you're in this part time you're not on his level Listen listen I'm a my time master the type to body bag you and give you a high five after especially if you're asking for it Like the Wi-Fi password Now you really think that you can win here with your nice guy swagger nice strike cracker You should have warned that soon tie decide with a tie die pattern in a t-shirt inside that says white lives matter I hope you're fucking that right there that right there you see you know when I said that What a rapper has no boundaries you can't say that in a normal rap and things like what about a rap is just you can say whatever it is bro It's crazy it's just mad I don't know how is it possible Now you really think that you can win here with your nice guy swagger nice strike cracker You should have warned that soon tie decide with a tie die pattern in a t-shirt inside that says white lives matter I hope you're fucking die of cancer you liney bastard listen here I hope you die of cancer let me fix this thing because you're asking for it like the Wi-Fi password Now you really think that you can win here with your nice guy swagger nice strike cracker You should have warned that soon tie decide with a tie die pattern in a t-shirt inside that says white lives matter I hope you I don't think you guys understand he did the English accent so when he say ma uh he he's basically mocking him and speaking in a British slang I hope you do understand that's the way you did right now in die of cancer you liney bastard listen here your little British prick Fuck your fish and chips over here in the Philippines we got fish in chips Now what you know about that motherfucking veal is crisps Listen I don't know how you know this but it's true the fish and chips are bro it's like the national is is is if you're from England and you don't have fish and chips on the Friday Sometimes it's I'm not from England but I know about fish and chips right but if you're real British mate they are proud of their fish and chips I'm telling you Yo last time I was in London I tried ordering my lunch in sausages muffin spore it with some crumpets the food was borderline disgusting And for the record most of your women are either oversized or ugly and a bet you bloody wankers don't even have the bullets to colonize this country In it bro in it bro he even did the flippin in it bro what the fuck how does he know all these inside jokes because everything he say like when you say like in it bro soft London accident I can't say that I'm not from England but I'm not from England but I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm from England and I'm off But I'm off But I'm off but I'm off but I'm off but I'm off but I'm off but I'm off but I'm off but I'm off but I'm off but I'm off but I'm off but I'm off but around that corner than what he did first and I feel like Lune is just gonna take it, take it, take it, let's see, let's see. Get him out of here! Look at y'all! Yeah! Ah, yeah, you are more famous. You're a celebrity, dude. You saved Indiana Jones in the Temple of Doom and you said London. That's not where I live. I bet you think your girl's G-Sports on a left eyelid. I just bowed protégé. You should know your fucking place. You backed her back to back like Joe did Drake and you know it, mate. You should be protégé, protégé. And you think the ch- And you think the crowd shining your name is something I fear, bro? Nah, I was inked for the cell was a real fucking hero and he'd hate the kind of writer you are. The King of Rhyme. He said online in the star, I couldn't rhyme with anything, my rhyme in so sharp, like I could rhyme whole bottle and my when you start. I got whole bottle. I got role model. I got throttle. I got wobble wobble. Oh, the majesty. The gravity. I'm amazed. I'm in awe. Such rhyming magic. He's like a philippine, a dumbledore. That's rhyming. It is essence. So insightful. Such invention. I mean, I've never heard anyone use a got wobble wobble in a sentence. And yet you rhymed it with whole bottle. Wobble wobble. So awful. Wobble wobble. And he's so quick to claim that he's big in the game. A gangster who hangs with a baddest you've met. Yeah, loony, so cool. In an old interview, claimed his main inspiration is a lannis morissette. Yeah, a lannis morissette. How fucking gangster can you get? He heard jagged little pill, found it insightful. He loves that CD, keeps it clutch like a Bible when he heard a UK artist was coming to fight. All he could think was, I hope it's a spy skull. Okay, that's a good one. And this is much to grind or rap or M&M. Well, sometimes you can. You did listen all the time to stan. He loves those bits where dino sang. And don't you think it's funny that you heard a woman singing about mediocre men who tried to keep her quiet. And the content of her work spurred you on to be the lynchpin of a whole scene where women don't compete. Well, they stay silent. I mean, that's a little bit ironic. Don't you think? And your material on women is so played out and greasy. On top of that, mate, it's so fucking easy. Like, I'll come around to you, Kryptonite. Your girl, she wants my dick inside her. Afterwards, I'll go home right, a shit review on TripAdvisor. Jesus Christ. How does they do the how do they the how to they not fight each other? He said you go home use it goes his house use his girl and then come back home and give a review and TripAdvisor. Because he went like how did Jesus TripAdvisor is a website you go to give reviews and hotels that you go to abroad and you go and stay on a holiday and stuff like that. So you get what bro? It's my dick inside her afterwards. I'll go home right, a shit review on TripAdvisor. I'm sorry guys. I'm freaking my joke you off those people get what he just said. I apologize, but that is 90% of what you write. Oh, so he's copying him. Philope no time. Yo, now I'm care who you are and what you do and I didn't understand a single thing he said to me man, but fuck you too. You see a research in for this bridge gun wasn't really fun. I typed in the best of more grist and guess what bro? There isn't one. Yo, I tried Google in this bitch and I felt like I was clicking for ages and then finally more grist after 17 pages. Another desperate agent irrelevant nameless beggar with elephant thesis. In judging by the melanin and the freckles on his face you can definitely tell that he's racist. I bet you like to touch kids on a regular basis. You should be investigated by federal agents for having sexual relations with seventh grade Asians. You're a fucking immature asshole who likes fucking immature assholes. Peterfile. Dude, he just explained what he just said right. I was just about to explain what he meant, but he explained it. Fucking immature assholes. Peterfile. You may look like a decent guy but deep inside he's got an evil side. The one with a smiegel smile. That's right, Peterfile. Now, I want you to be advised that nobody in here cares to understand those European rhymes. And if somebody ever claps or reacts, I won't be surprised because 9 out of 10 is probably just my Filipino peoples being nice. Because your skin is white. You have a face that says I'm insecure about my penis size. I hope the last remaining numbers of the Beatles die just so I can see you cry. Well, in England, we, the Beatles are like Jesus to the people that lives here. If you talk about a rap band, you're talking about the Beatles. If you don't talk about the Beatles, no one cares. But that's what he just says, Jesus Christ. Last remaining numbers of the Beatles die just so I can see you cry. It's fucking white geek. It's in trouble. When I beast your life feed in the jungle where I eat. If you wanted more views, you should have doubled my fee. But you'll never reach the likes of someone like me, Faggot. Go on! Okay, before I start seriously, Eric. Thanks a lot, man. You really hooked me up. Now, Eric here gets a ton of love. Comes to you though, not so much. A lot of the battle has hit him. They always say the same things. He's greedy, hates this scene and he won't do shit if you don't pay him. If you ain't got cash, you're blown off. He's all about his own costs. At first I figured, well, so what? Like he clearly needs a nose job. But they took me to one side. And more reports start coming through. You're slipping on your tightrope. No safety net. You're falling through. You want rescuing? These guys won't. Because each of them is bored of you cheating for those high notes. Like your Britney Spears is all over tune. You back cheating for these high notes. Like a high notes. When you're willing to check. Like your Britney Spears audio tune. Because her, she the audio tune is helping her hitting the high notes in the song. For those high notes. Like your Britney Spears is all over tune. You back stabbing, cash grabbing, sack of crap or gas and branding. Anyhow, when it actually helped, he wouldn't do a damn thing. He cheats and lies. He really likes to see how fucked you are. The king of rhyme. Now, Lion King and it's clear your uncle's scar. And the first time it all went his way, he packed up his bags and toured around the states. And so, yeah, it turns out your tour wasn't great. I mean, how many was it? Like four people game. I mean, no Lion, no walkies today. That's why they're in Assydatoria again. They paid for your comforts and look how you thank them. The money he makes, investing in banding, all you guys for gold, wigs and handguns. He keeps facing West like a compass that's stacked on. It's all Western artists. He says they inspired him. It's all Western references inside your writing. You don't know this country, this people. That's fine, but that is the truth boy. Why try and deny it? Round here. Well, they struggle for food on the street. The Trump Tower reduced to his knees, guzzling, suckling, refusing to eat till Donald Trump's pubes are removed from his teeth. I do not know who is winning. Jesus Christ, I don't know. Ain't got no balls. Ain't got no courage. He saw all the suffering just figured, fuck it. One sniff from the West, just watch him go running. I won't be surprised if you hide in my luggage. I'm finished. I'm finished with his kid who sees my passport as the thing of dreams. He'd pack up all his things and leave ignoring what's there in the scene. I mean, loony mate, you're killing me. It's a symphony, such history. The love and warmth is in these streets. I mean it mate. I don't want to leave a fucking love the Philippines. He just threw it away. I know he's going to get that back. This kid's been dope. I don't want to go, but it's time to bring this thing to close. If you're smart, you'll know how the multi goes. POOTING IN A MOL! POOTING IN A MOL! Yo! That pathetic piece of performance art! She didn't move me at all like the Royal God. Ooooooooh! Once I had that perfect piece of performance art, didn't move me at all at the Royal God. Have you ever went on YouTube and type in Royal God for the Queen of England? The guys are just in the red and black with a black cut on the head. No matter what happened, they will not move. They will stand still until the time to change their shit. Even if he's shalt, even if they're in jog, even if he's shit them, they will not move. Jesus Christ! Yo! That pathetic piece of performance art! Didn't move me at all at the Royal God. I killed him in 90 seconds like a poisonous dot! I ain't got no problems talking to Mark. He's like a prostitute and lunetta, just another walk in the park! Ooooooooh! It's free awkward, eh? I don't know what the accent is killing me. It's free awkward, eh? I don't know what to say, but I guess standing in front of you makes me want to talk this way. Don't flu old eye! That little leaves whack! As far as here in the Philippines trying to make his mark on the Philippine map with his Mr. Bean swag. I'm the president, the punishers bringing the guillotine back to about to fade away like that skinny gene fad. This mismatch is a mishap. I'm predicting this will be bad. Kinda like the death of this middle finger against the British Queen's twat! Now it's pretty... Jesus Christ Almighty! I cannot comment on that. I'm sorry if you don't understand you don't. I can't do that. Rest in peace, Queen Elizabeth Rolls. WTF! Now it's pretty obvious that I'm about to body this faggot ass babble rap hobbyist with action bronze intents. Your way past your prime, but still you're an optimist. Stop it, brisk! You're older than a floppy disc! You don't remember floppy disc! Oh my god, we know he's not normal, but we got mainstream now. You're older than a floppy disc! You got beat by definition and a fucking retard! That makes you the perfect definition of a fucking retard! Now I know that nobody in here gets it and I respect it, but accepting this battle was a big mistake and he regrets it like Brexit! Now check! Oh yes, we regret. The UK has been regretting coming out of Brexit. Ever since we leave Brexit, it's been a hell. Oh, it was a big mistake and he regrets it like Brexit! Now check it! I'm a legend! They refer to me as alamak! I'm about to crustace ginger and turn him into salabat! I don't understand what that is, I don't know. crustace ginger and turn him into salabat! But for my final bars, I have a different battle plan. Now he's talking the way he expected him to talk when Filipino or someone that doesn't really know English talk, you know, from the Philippines, that he's mocking it. I will use my Jalibi call center accent so everyone can understand. I'm here to leave a lasting impression on Mark like a cattle brand. Break his heart like a tander fan to some teachers enemy, number one. Tagalog or English, I'm flexible like a rubber band. You want to mortal combat with me Mr. Russell Brand? I'm like go row with the four arms, I got the upper hand. Now this is something that you cannot extinguish. It's gross time when I depict this and you cannot distinguish. Do you know what else rhymes with this thing? Extinguish? Relinquish? I'm talking about British, I'm talking about English. I'm talking about English. I'm talking about English. I'm talking about English. I'm talking about the way he's talking to people who are watching. 😵 This is the first time you've ever been to the city, you don't know the story, you can just go to the balcony, you can just go to the river, and you can't go to the river, you don't know, you just have to go to the river. And the thing is, after the performance they're all fine with it. But I don't know how you can say all these things, though it's crazy and just says it's a part of the performance. It's crazy. The things that they say to each other is mad. Oh, slap that face, it's more or less like that. I held my own in there, like I gave you some problems, and I worked the crowd, I did get the crowd, they were on site. That was alright, that was alright. I came out here to learn about what, what battling's up. For you so, no, no, no. But no, but that one was so bright. There's any more rap ball out there that's in English as well, let me know. You got to tell me who the winner is, is for me, they're both, I'm not really into the rap ball, but I'll use to this, watch our small and stuff like that. So I can't really compare, you know, and especially that Lune was speaking, and I mean, different language when you, at the end, the crowd really get what he says and I didn't get, there's no English translation. But flat at these type of videos, let me know in the comments section below. If you like these content, don't forget to like, and this channel, show you support by slapping up that like button. Subscribe to the channel for more content like this. Spin your boy, spin your home. Peace.