 Then after the showcase, my staff went to me and said, well, you know I have to speak in English, but you have to focus on English accent. What? What's up everybody? I'm Royal Osteo. And we're back! Uh... Ooh! Again! We're gonna excuse me! We're gonna keep on going. Why I love the Filipino English accents. Why? I know. Cool! I know. Let's get right to reduce the favor. Hit that like button that's a subscribe button and then bell notification. Dang it! I'll also follow some of your road ideal TV and let's get into this. Dude! Hey guys, it's Jessica here. Through the years of my YouTube live, there have been lots of comments regarding my English accent. Most of it was about me having a full Filipino English accent, despite maybe the Korean. This for me is quite obvious because I learned my English in the Philippines from my full Filipino English teachers. And do I hate my accent or a Filipino English accent in general? My answer is a bold no. Generally, there are lots and lots of prejudices regarding one's English accent in trying that and it's always better to have a certain accent. In worst cases, some ignorant people can even believe you have a person who's having a certain accent. But for me, I honestly don't care what kind of accent, what kind of English accent one has. Once accent is a great way to express it. Do you see what they say? They say, accent does it define the ultimately defined person. Right, not at all. I love that. Not at all. I just had to say, yeah, that's true. That's really it. His own unique identities suggest there's a life background and or the culture that he practiced. And just like how there are no right or wrong life background, there are no right or wrong accents as well. As long as you can understand each other. However, I do believe that there are certain accents in which one which, to be like, is pleasing to hear or understand. This accent for me is the full Pino English accent. When I first went to the full Pines at the age of nine, I did not have any knowledge when it comes to the different kinds of accents out there. English was just English. All I knew was that I could not understand it well because I wasn't able to speak English formally by then. As I began to learn English from my English teachers and the Pines, I naturally started to speak English the way they did. Again, there is no why I have the full Pino English accent. I never consciously realized that I had certain accent, that I had full Pino English accent until I had this experience when I entered the K-pop industry in Korea. This is a rather sad part, but I think I have to share it with you guys before I elaborate on why I would love the full Pino English accent. During my first year of being a K-pop trainee in Korea, there was a time when I had to showcase my skills in front of the people of my company. That unique skill for me was the ability to speak in English. I introduced myself in front of them. There was even a counter-unit and a lot of people in front of me. It was kind of like an addition. Then, after the showcase, my staff went to me and said, you know I could speak in English, but you have the full Pino English accent. What? He said this in such a way that my English was good enough just because I had the full Pino English accent. When I was a young girl, I was only like 13 by then. I was quite offended by his voice. You shouldn't have. Started to feel ashamed of the accent that I had. That was very easy. When I didn't have to, that was a time when I began to watch a bunch of American or British films and dramas just to why I could change my accent. I'm such a big that there are some views that the American or British accents are the ones that are associated with the person's English literacy in Korea. This is why I began to consume American or British and became really into changing my accent by the time. But now, as I'm retarded, I've become conscious of that unconscious bias in me. That is why, at some point, I came to realize that there was absolutely no reason for me to make such efforts to change my accent. That's right. Because there's nothing wrong with having full Pino English accent. In fact, it was something that I could even feel proud of. Why? First of all, the full Pino English accent is known to be very easily understandable because they pronounce each syllable very clearly and evenly. They would evenly pronounce all the syllables and I could understand it very well. For example, my dad is also not a foreign English speaker, so he finds it very difficult to understand those English, especially when he's spoken in a very quick way. He thought I would defy the Pino English accent. Although he may not understand the meaning of each word used in the sentence, he could so grasp the general context of the people's words because it's easily comprehensible. This is also the reason why I got to learn English very quickly when I first settled in full Pino. Here, I want to point out that I'm not trying to say that the Focusing English accent is better than all the other accents out there. I just want to highlight its character state that makes it easier for the big majority of people to understand and also learn English. And for that reason, I do think that the Focusing English accent is very attractive. I am very thankful that I got to learn English and the full Pino's were my English teachers. And also, I would like to thank everyone who taught me English at the very beginning. I think it's very important to ask a question of why some things happen to be the way it is. Absolutely. Well, accents, it's very discouraging when there's someone who is just judging you as a person your whole life or you're discriminating you for having a certain accent. I do get a lot of comments, especially from full Pino's themselves saying that my accent is the Focusing English accent and inclined that it's not good. Well, I'm here. I'm very proud. I'm very proud when people say, oh, you know, I can understand you very well. Even if I've done speaking English that well, because I try to speak as clearly as possible instead of just like swine all my words out. If you know what I mean. So I guess before I end this video, I would like to tell you guys that there's nothing absolutely nothing wrong with having a certain accent. As long as you can understand each other and it's the people who judge you for such shallow reason that are very ignorant. So we just want to leave that out here. Even if I may know, I'm sure that always always always stay confident and do not let yourself down. Because enjoy this video and see you guys in my next one. Wow. Shout out to, what's up, man? Jessica. Jessica Lee. That was a very good video. Wow. Why are people so nitpicky, picky when it comes to certain things? She said ignorance. Yeah. It's very much so ignorance because like she said, in the day, as long as you're able to understand each other, why are we making accents of these people? I didn't know this was a thing. I didn't know it was a thing in the Philippines. Or even she said even in Korea, I didn't know this was a thing because I know they have my other issues as well. I know they talk about the skin tone and other things inside. You know, we're in a certain size. This is crazy. Why is all this going on? I don't know. At the end of the day, starting to appear into stuff. Jessica can speak English. Very, very loud. She's an accent. It's very, very beautiful. Yeah. It's wonderful. In a discussion. Yeah. Period. So I'm glad she stood her ground and did a Sutton It Tug culture that like that, only for them to find something else wrong. Please. And if you have a Filipino English accent, you'd be proud of that. Be proud. Say I'm proud of that. I'm proud. In the comments. Now, meaning it. Meaning it. All right, you guys. This is an awesome video on drop down suggestions in the comments. A video's rest of the react too. Yep. And we will see you guys later. So peace. Bye.