 And it seems that the foreign husband's nut worth is being calculated based on his skin color. Even though they don't know you and you don't know them, they cannot resist labeling you as sugar-doty. Hey everyone, welcome back again to my channel. So for today's video, you are all in on this amusing and a tad frustrating topic, which is dating a foreigner and dealing with infamous crowd mentality. Now, before I begin, remember this. This is just my perspective and some of my friends' opinion as well, as well as a collection of my experiences having to date and marry an old foreigner. However, everyone's experiences may vary and I am not saying that all Filipinas who date older foreigner encounter the same experiences. And just a quick shout out to those Filipinos or Filipinos who have this kind of mentality. I feel sorry for you because you must be very sad inside and cannot find true happiness because of your narrow mindedness. Now, picture this. A young, beautiful Filipina is married to a foreigner or is dating a foreigner. And presumably, they have an age gap. And then the two of you decided to tie the knot. Well, congratulations, by the way. But oh boy, here comes the peanut gallery with their unsolicited opinions ready to reign on your parade. Now, don't get me wrong, age is just a number, but there are certain people who struggle to comprehend that. So here's the thing. The reactions we hear can be both humorous and infuriating. So the first reaction or one of the common reactions that we Filipinos hear, that they say is that when they see a young Filipino dating an older foreigner, they say this. My Kababayananamang nakhaaohon sakahirapan, which loosely translates to another compatriot has escaped poverty again. The crowd mentality at its finest. He has offered security, a career and a green card. It's like everyone around you has a PhD and foreigner full peanut relationship. They seem to be experts in judging and criticizing this relationship. And it seems that the foreign husband's nutworth is being calculated based on his skin color. And he's rich and successful. And they believe we have a hidden way out of financial difficulties simply because we are dating a foreigner. Yes, they obviously believe that we are all in a race to avoid hardship and that being with a foreigner is our hidden weapon. It is as if we are all candidates on a rather odd reality show called Escape from Poverty. Well, newsflash people were not all over the Olympics. But if we were, I'd be going for the golden hand holding. Now, let's talk about the age gap you have with your Filipino wife. I mean, if you are a foreigner who happens to be a bit older than your wife, be ready to hear these sugar-datic comments. The classic sugar-datic label. Because, apparently, you are showering us with gifts and money every now and then. Thanks, sugar-datic. I mean, this actually happened to me and my husband when we were in the Philippines. We were having a coffee up in the mountains in one of those coffee shops. And then suddenly, these groups of young people, I say, they are in their 20s and above, started whispering and laughing when they looked at us. I mean, it's fine if they are just whispering because we wouldn't be able to hear it. But the fact that the two people in that group started saying, oh, that's her sugar-datic. She got herself a sugar-datic. Well, I actually felt so furious inside of me that I wanted to approach them and talk back to them. But as you all know, the Filipinos are known for being non-confrontational. So, well, instead, I told my husband about it, thinking that he wouldn't approach them. But it was too late because my husband approached them. Thankfully, when he started talking to them, I finally grabbed his hand and told him that we'd walked away. So, yes, some of these people that you encounter in your everyday life, even though they don't know you and you don't know them, they cannot resist labeling you as sugar-dani because apparently they know your relationship better than you do. Then there are the experts in our love lives. Judgemental by standards, who know nothing about the relationship, but feel compelled to express their opinions as if they know the ultimate truth. This is the true knacker, the iconic one. This is also a traditional Filipino hobby. And everyone around you becomes an expert on your love life overnight and is willing to offer and want to advise a judgment like, well, she must be in it for money, they say. And they also say, like, oh, they won't last. I'm going to put a bet on it. And lastly, from the Maritus, we call it, or insecure currents, saying, oh, he's just using her for a young bride. It is as if they got a PhD in her love life and they think they know it all. You know, I really wish there were a gossip filter in real life. I mean, imagine having a conversation with someone and when that person starts judging, you can simply hit a button and hear this judgment. It's not supported by real evidence. Please try again later. Sorry, I can't hear you, maybe try again later. And people love to judge a book by its cover. Even if they haven't read the first page, the misconceptions you hear about your relationship and the age difference between you and your wife can be downright amusing. It is as if they're giving relationship advice without ever having walked in your shoes. And this is the classic case of, well, I saw it on Facebook, so it must be true, right? Well, then I guess it must be true. And it is always interesting how people feel, they know everything based on what they see on the internet, because well, they certainly are the relationship gurus who never knew we needed. So there you have it, folks. The comic narrative of dating a foreigner in the Philippines with a dash of crowd mentality. Thank you all for joining me on this video. And once again, to those Filipinos who are up-raged by this video, know that I am referring to you because if you are offended, you may be guilty of the crowd mentality that I mentioned. Thank you all and have a nice day, everyone. See you.