 What's the deal family welcome back to the realist reaction channel on YouTube is your boys son We here with another banger for y'all may so look We got gila's Or gila's gila's gila's I'm not sure it's one of those three first it has to be one of those three for sure But we got them versus Australia braw feeble world cup 2019 Asian qualifies me so This video this one was sent to me on a IG Sean W Tyler sent me videos over there. I'll watch those immediately. You send me some stuff on now watching immediately And I'm getting better at Or on Twitter Sean Tyler TV man, but anyways look we got this video is from 2019 It's a bra What I can say what I'm a for show say is I ain't seen this video for sure But what I will say is I have seen little small clips. I remember I swear I remember it's being on Instagram in like Go viral Instagram or something like a couple years ago when they happy But I don't really remember everything. I just I think I remember some dude did a flying kick or something But anyways, man, I saw the video. I was like, you know what? Let me hop on this dual reaction Y'all might like it and join or whatever I do a lot of basketball reactions a lot of fight reactions and etc. So we gonna run this up She was going on me guys want me to do more stuff more videos just put them in the comments It could be stuff similar to this I've done some feeble road cut videos Or it can be anything really man. It can be related to the Philippines There's a video I was thinking about doing like Philippines Singers that we viral or Philippines got talented or something like that and then Y'all already know I'll be on Australia with the reactions to so let me know what's going on in the comments May hit that like button to subscribe if you want to see more let's get to Oh boy Let's I mean 79 to 48 in the third quarter is looking rough for the Philippines man. I'm not gonna cap Right there There's something going on right now This is looking like the Indian amputators into fucking bro deep doped them in the beginning Niggas anyways no time back and in back The Joe Martin Yo Yo hold up. I'm sorry for the pause and this shit's about to be hilarious. Oh my god. Did y'all not see dude run up? He did a whole layup swing bro did a layup swing on them bro. I don't know I've seen that one time in middle school. That's the only time I ever seen that Oh my god This is insane look at this dude This This look like the most reckless fun fight to ever be in in the world, bro Like if you could fight like this that'd be fun as hell man, but reckless too Look at this dude It's niggas too big to be running around doing that This is a security He goes on the side someone's on the floor This is something we don't want to happen Okay, that's the players and like the backup the trainers Photographers trying to get that money bro. I feel this is unfortunate. There's a shame player There's a shame player Sorry Peter is there And this is incredible Gun maker throwing up right here and now bottles are being thrown on the floor While the play has been rugged Referee site to take control of the action my colleague a series of technical files. Hey man I think this is that one dude That one player um anyways me a look Australia's a tough place, but Philippines. That's a tough place bro They grow up fighting this shit me. I mean, I don't really know if they do you know those Philippines a tough place In the period Because he's a guy and you know You know, but the trust of never stop You know one thing about the Australian fear they're used to a lot of rough play that was about to say that earlier Rugby a fail they got a lot going on everybody cleared the benches so You know what's what stuff here is that Sticker I want to see this replay here. Let's get to that bro cuz do Bob don't mean in God Bob really fast me that went left quick Let's watch the Driving to the hole and then a lot of rough action. Yeah, then he gave me that elbow That's that's my guy. This is my guy right here because he look at stiffy have him Stiffy bro put him in a put him in a casket Any your boy that's what your boys posted to come up in there beat. What you doing bro? From a witch you man there. Oh, that started. Yeah, someone throwing an elbow right across the face of our football He's like Oh, they were Dika Dika Dina Payanan gold in a bayon and the other back though. I think it was kicker I didn't even see that one Gold in a bayon and the other play He's about to come with that rose I don't know binks. He tried to come. He tried to get him with the whoosh There I think it was kicker who's a star the mist Yeah, and kicker now getting the brunt Of the eye of Gilles Pilipinas. There's a R.O.P.O. Day. He's done. Hey, pick up getting a shot there on the face and It's all have breaking makeer Calvin a bevac on makeer was not to be stop. There's that flying kick coming from the Connaker And you know, and Jason Kassel Watch it right here. Here's a match in the flow He gave him that MMA On the floor Jason Kassel. He's a very mild manner guy Broggin with the ground in pound. I've never seen that in basketball nothing Straight ground in pound. I seen that woman basketball and nothing You know, one. Yeah, there's a rough any This this was this had been going on a week up. Yeah, saying it time and again During the coverage now golden and for boy. Yeah kicker was the one with through that elbow and then You see Andre Blatch going after. Hey, I ain't gone cap though You see that it was ready to ride for they do's man. They was ready to ride. They's about to empty that whole thing, bro That's how you want to see your squad bro. We ready soon as they had kicker No head, you know, he's trying to be restrained all and Jason Kassel We're not coming through We're not gonna Call out to anyone in particular, but that hit by kicker and was really on top for The bumps between Goldy like you see our boys sold me flying kicks from ton maker and here's leaping on everyone Here's Calvin a bevac There's a so reckless getting coming up in a way Yo number seven while bro. He looking for blood and here's ton maker. He's gonna throw that flying kick Gary the strong meal He's just got crazy here crazy after that you know there's more action over there Behind the basket Through missing with a hey maker That they were after a kicker It was very clear that kicker's not running away But binks He was out there kicker and also gold man that he targets That was great I don't even care. I know something y'all gonna be in the comments like man you pause to move bro I don't even care. That was fucking hilarious. That was amazing Wow, see me if you guys got some good fight videos like that send those to me that was crazy G loss versus Australia He but World Cup 2019 Asian qualifiers me. I love your eye. Appreciate y'all remember to keep it real reals Real real always reach everyone next time peace