 Hello, good morning and good evening and welcome to Big World Cinema. Without further ado, we'll continue with what you're here for. And to ensure this channel survives, please don't skip the ads. Thank you all. I actually like travelling in Jeannies. Even though for a 6 foot man, navigating myself inside them is akin to worming my way into Vietnam's kuchi tunnels, trying to avoid bashing my head on the low roof. I love condo life. I'd rather live somewhere with a rooftop pool and have a balcony with a view than remain on ground zero, staring at my own back passage. Last meeting Filipinas is quite easy and straightforward. My thoughts on dating them is worthy of a separate video. Or three. And before you start poking your geriatric fingers at your phone and raising your blood pressure, if you can't find what you want here, go back to your own country. Anyway, I love the Philippines. So to give you some background to my story, I didn't come to the Philippines with the intention of staying three years. I originally had a flight booked for Jakarta 60 days ahead. Yeah, I know you're meant to have an onward flight booked within 30 days of arrival, but I took a chance and booked two months ahead. Of course, shit happened in the way of Covid, and all flights were cancelled, as was my going anywhere. I could have returned to the UK, of course, but why would I want to do that, having just left the place? I remained in Sabu City for two years and eight months before traveling around some islands in the Philippines for my final four months. Whilst in Sabu, I stayed in two different condos. First an Airbnb for 14 months just outside IT Park, followed by a condo in Mabolo for 18 months. Which I've promoted so much on this channel, I should be on commission. I love condo life, others don't, but I'd rather live somewhere with a rooftop pool and have a balcony with a view than remain on ground zero and spend the day staring at my own back passage. Yeah, there's maintenance issues. Took them around eight months to start fixing the ceiling on the third floor eco garden after Typhoono debt had destroyed it, but personal condo, condo, but personal condo issues were always carried out immediately. Sabu City itself, does it have much going for it? Look, I'm a fussy bugger, as my three regular viewers will concur. I like outdoor spaces, parks, coffee shops, the Sabu City offer that. Not really, but which city in the Philippines does. I've spent time in cities such as Iloilo, the Kohler, DuMigeti, CDO, Devao, Tagbalaran, and if I could pick my favourite aspects from each city, stay tuned as that's an upcoming video folks, then I'd be happy as Larry. Well, maybe not happy, but more content anyway. Living in the province or at the beach is not really an option for me. I love beaches, but there are no cities with decent beaches nearby, are there? I need to be close to a bookstore, walking into fully booked in the CDO after two months apart, maybe realise how much I missed cities whilst travelling around. And before you start poking your geriatric fingers at your phone and raising your blood pressure, if you can't find what you want to go back to your own country, no way Joe, I can't stick the winter in Blighty and complain just as much when I'm there, so you're stuck with me, I'm afraid. Anyway, I love the Philippines, I love being able to converse with most people, which you immediately notice when you're visiting neighbouring Asian countries. You can't amber up to the pretty Vietnamese girl on the counter at Virgin Megastore, inside gone and ask for the latest Beatles album, well you can, but she probably won't be able to communicate with you like Filipinos can. In saying that, I don't think you should turn your back on other expats, I'm not a barhoper anymore, nor am I keen to keep a posse of western mates to chew the fat with each week, but I do feel that having regular conversations with random expats of a western mindset is important for your mental health. An Norwegian guy was recently being shown around the condo I was vacating in Sabou City, he said would met before one day at Bose Coffee in Naïa. I was surprised he recognised me dressed only in my box of shorts, but hey, ho. So travel is easier now in the Philippines after times of Covid, I'm not vaxed so was limited until recently to just Sabou and its neighbouring islands that I was allowed to visit. I found travelling around the Philippines pretty straightforward, uncrowded and relatively stress-free. Long distance buses between cities were regular, I'd turn up at the bus station and most times the bus was just about to leave. Only once I turned up and needed to wait almost an hour for the next bus. Although some bus journeys were long travelling for up to nine hours at a time, but the buses were comfortable and I always had a seat, unlike my experiences in other Asian countries. The roads are busy, traffic in the big cities is horrendous, but try driving inside gone. Ferry travel is also pretty straightforward. On leaving Bacolad and travelling to Ilo-Ilo, that was a pain as times posted on the internet weren't accurate, even after I double-checked with different websites. Sometimes it's better to physically go to the port a day in advance if you can and check the ferry times. But often ferry times are weather-dependent, so referring to the ferry company's Facebook page, which has more accurate daily updates is advisable. People don't cycle or walk in the Philippines, they're too lazy. They actually love walking, have walked all over Sibu City, although the pavements leave something to decide, as they aren't really meant to be walked on, there's objects blocking your route, or route as my American friends will say. So there isn't much of a pavement to walk on anyway, and you're often forced to walk in the road. The Philippines tend to ride the buses or jeepneys a couple of stops rather than walk. People would sit in the jeepney depot, wait 15 minutes for it to fill up, then five minutes after we departed, they'd get off. It would have been quicker for them to walk, I'd say. But they can't be asked. I actually like traveling in jeepneys, even though for a six foot man, navigating myself inside them is akin to worming my way into Vietnam's kuchi tunnels, trying to avoid bashing my head on the low roof. I love the jeepneys intimacy, the poetic passing of pesos as money exchanges hands between passengers throughout the carriage on route to the driver at the front. If you're not a fan of bashing your head on jeepney roofs, then Meta Taxes aren't an expensive option. But I'm a cheap Charlie because my YouTube viewers keep skipping the ads. Experts, sorry, expats, so you can only travel around the Philippines on a motorbike, which is true in some respects. I need to visit places which are quite compact, such as Borokai or Borokii, where everything is situated in the same area, unlike on Kamegan Island where places of interest are spread out around the island. So when a Sunday when the island closed down for the day and drivers had their weekly day off, like towns used to in the UK back in the 80s, I'd have to fork out for expensive motorbike taxis to visit places. But I wouldn't risk driving a motorbike in the Philippines, thanks. I like having two legs and don't want to spend my last chapter as a cripple being pushed around by a young Filipina in a wheelchair, speaking of which I have been in a relationship, not with a wheelchair, but with a young Filipina. I've said this a few times, so forgive me if I'm repeating myself, but the Philippines was never on my radar before I started watching videos from Rikai. Who when I met him I said that each time his name crops up I cry out Rikai! Only viewers from the UK will know what I'm talking about, Eden and the crew, obviously either. I'd also been watching Geo's videos and each time they came I'm not starting singing back in 68 in a swear-hate club. Oh Geo! Anyway, both advised that the Philippines is a good place for age gap relationships. I started chatting to a Filipina on dating Asia before I came here. I couldn't believe how easy it was. Back in the UK when I turned 50 I became instantly invisible to women. I'm not interested in dating women of that age anyway. Now I didn't come to the Philippines just to date young girl women, but it was one of my reasons for first coming here. Nothing materialised with that first Filipina I chatted to, did with another who I chatted to on dating Asia, so who ended up living with me for four months in Sabu. We broke up then dated casually for almost a year, although she wasn't really into that and we parted ways. She was a good girl, had a job and never asked for anything. I paid for the condo and food, but she had also contribute by shopping for vegetables and rice. She didn't want to be wind and dined and if I'd bought us a meal out one day she'd insist on repaying the favour. I've had many conversations with expats on this subject. Do you give your girlfriend an allowance? Excuse me? I started doing a paper round at 12 years of age, had many part-time jobs before grafting full-time down the pit earning myself a living for 40 years, or exactly am I paying her for? I'm certainly not going to entertain a Freedloader who isn't working, who spends her day stuffing her face with my rice, does an hourly shuffle for TikTok, and the only thing she clutches in her palm every night is her phone. Whilst meeting Filipinas is quite easy and straightforward, my thoughts on dating them is a worthy of a separate video, or three. At my indecisiveness regarding getting seriously involved with the Filipina, or having less serious relationships, changes with my box of shorts, or the strength of the wind, which brings us neatly to the Werther. Don't miss out on quality brawel casting. Please like, share and subscribe to Big World Cinema. Thank you. I love it that the sun shines every day in the Philippines. That's one of the major reasons why I can't live full-time in the UK. It makes me sad with a capital SAD. But rainy season? When is that exactly? You can never tell. Different islands have different rainy seasons. It may rain, it may not. If I holiday in the Philippines in December, am I guaranteed days of sunshine I read? I've got no idea. I couldn't tell you. I'm not a weatherman. Although when I did travel around the Philippines for four months, from the beginning of November through December, January and February, the rain literally followed me every island I went to. From mid-December onwards, there was more rainy days than sunny days. A Filipino in Boracay, it's Barakiya Phil, started calling me rainman. During the lengthy period I spent in Sebu, the rain would often come at night and really rain for days on end during the day. But Sebu's city is also protected by the mountains, so doesn't get to rainfall like Bangkok does? Well, it certainly doesn't feel like that to me, anyway. But in Bangkok and Goa, the rainy season would literally stop around December. Then you'd have a six month period when it rarely rained. You're better off going to Goa or an India at Christmas. It won't rain there. If it does and you call my bluff, I'll treat you to a curry food. A lot has been written about the quality of Filipino food or not. Whichever country I visit, I like to experience the local delicacies. I don't see any point living in a foreign country and just cooking your own food. Which is exactly what I did in the Philippines. Sure, I spent my first few weeks eating in Karen Deer's, but I found the quality of food wasn't great. Yeah, I'm a big fan of chickenedobo, but I'd buy an 80 peso portion of chickenedobo, which barely had any meat on it. And so full of bones that I'd spend more time with my fingers in my mouth, pulling out gristle and checking that my teeth were still intact. I also love Filipino dishes with mongo beans, but I'd go to a Karen Deer and the food would be served cold, having been put out four hours earlier. So, although a whole chicken from a rotisserie, has soared in price from 205 to 275 pesos over the past couple of years, it's still better value for money buying one of those and cooking for myself in the condo. Whilst editing or watching YouTube videos, the internet, hmm, whilst living in my suboo city condo, I had PLDT, which sounds like an illness, paying 1,300 pesos per month. I did upload my first 80 videos to YouTube quite quickly on PLDT, although some often took a few hours to upload. Whilst traveling, it very much depended on each individual hotel, whether I get good internet or not, with hotels connected to different service providers. I'd choose hotels depending on how good their connection was. Sometimes I'd stand beneath their router, and the dial wouldn't even flicker on my speed test. You'd think there was people relying on Wi-Fi so much that hoteliers would be inclined to invest in a decent connection. But that isn't often the case in the Philippines. Here at BWC, we are a sharing community. So, could you kindly keep uncle content by sharing this video with your friends? Thank you. Generally, the internet works okay in larger Philippines cities, but even in Elau-Elo, which is regarded as a fast-growing modern city, I tried numerous hotels in downtown Suiprober and found the whole area lacked decent internet. On remote islands such as Bantayan, Boracay, it's Barakia Thol, Panglao and Shurgau, the internet really sucked. So, compared to other Asian countries such as Thailand, Vietnam and Malaysia, Wi-Fi speed in the Philippines is left wanting. Well, that's about it. I've probably forgotten something, but I'm taking a short break for the Philippines at the moment. It's only when you're away from somewhere. Can you really appreciate what it has to offer? But I'll be back soon. If you like the video, please could you like, share and subscribe. And don't forget to ding the notification bell to see my videos before your friends. See you on the next video. Take care everyone. Hi. Hi. Say hello to my blog. Hello, Philip. Where everybody knows your name. You're sweet. I'm coming to eat. No. Hello, Evelyn.