 So the weekend here in Philadelphia is 4 ince as you can see what a fantastic day behind a blue sky with a sun. Good morning my friends, my own Buntag, Mangae, Yalah. So it's not raining today here in the Philippines province. I quite a lot of rain lately, but I'm breaking the weather today. So I'm doing it myself, I'm going to come out in the garden, I have harvesting and do our sweet potato, our commodity is ready to harvest. It's cookie dude, so try and teach cookie to check a pool. One of these is going to do it. Sit cookie, good boy, check a pool, check a pool, check a pool. Good boy, you know what this is? It's the pool, you want to shake it. Oh good boy, maybe not in the mood. He's a good boy. The sun is out, finally we have some sun. Mr, we've missed a sun. We just want to enjoy life now, best we can. Part of that is having your own garden, growing your own fruits and vegetables and harvesting them. We're going to harvest a sweet potato. Really can't wait, it's our first four harvest a sweet potato. So the sweet potato is here in this end there, as you can see, it's quite big. And they've extended, expanded, they've gone everywhere they can, look at this. And what's in the wall? Quite nice in the morning here, quite peaceful, quite quiet. Still a little bit of a breeze, believe it or not. Sun's quite strong, quite bright, but it's not hot. It's never too hot. I'm going to have to go to the beach. I'm going to have to go to the beach. I'm going to have to go to the beach. I'm going to have to go to the beach. I'm going to have to go to the beach. I'm going to have to go to the beach. I'm going to have to go to the beach. I'm going to have to go to the beach. I'm going to have to go to the beach. So I'm going to be harvesting our sweet potato or comeotee. This is our sweet potato here. Here's one sweet potato. Look at this one. There's two here. I'm going to dig this one out with the tool first. Don't damage it too much. That was quite big. It's coming. Here it comes. Oh, here we go. Very muddy, but our first commotive from the harvest. So our first sweet potato, our first commotive from the harvest this year. So this is a female papaya. You can see the fruits are starting to come through. So this one needs to stay. But this one over here is now. You can see the difference. There's still chance it could become female, but it's unlikely now we do a season change in. So this one needs to come out. It's quite hard to get to because of the position. Oh, there we have it. Our malpapa here needs to go. So what can we use this for? Not a lot really. So there's not one we can use this for. It's going to have to go. You have to cut it up, dispose of it. Unfortunately, it's male, so it won't bear fruit. It's a shame really because it got to good size, but we need to go. This one here should start to fruit this year. It's already started. Not sure how many months it's going to take, but we should get some good fruit out of this one. Do you want a tropical tree in your doghouse? There we go. How about that, Cookie? Can I have a tree? Lots of spider webs in it. It's a nice day for once. You can have a day gardening. Perfect and happy for your viscige photography ooh looking great! I'm going to have some coffee. 45. 45. This is Kainito. I'm a son. Yeah. I'm a son. You say that? I have. Star apple. Star apple, okay. Star apple, okay. We're trying that for. So we ran out of gas. We thought we had a bit more gas left in the tank. So to speak, but we ran out. So we're going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm using 30 kitchens a night. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow. I'm going to have to pick up a new gas canister tomorrow.