 Thank you very much sir for my saram hello hello you guys are welcome and here we have our own beach Good afternoon guys we're we're joined by Kenna Broad here We are leaving El Nido town proper we have this giant limestone rock here right inside the town we are all for an excursion headed to what is called Las Cabanhas Beach about 10 15 minute drive south of here let's go It's okay here all right you'll get blocked in over there they'll move your bike and you'll get blocked in like three rows deep cool I just arrived here is that my first time here literally my first impressions yeah good that you are here you'll know the area already I've actually spent in all a few weeks here so yeah I'll be the expert tour guide for Ken I'll put his channel link in the description below he's been in a couple videos before on this channel and my other channel TravelSkips detour in Malaysia yeah yeah there's a shopping center outdoor mall kind of thing right here with coffee shops and restaurants right here at the edge of at the entrance now so this is Las Cabanhas Beach which is one of the best most well known spots for the sunset as I've said before because we get the sunset somewhere over here but it's really incredible with these turquoise waters absolutely beautiful my weather I've been here for a week and the weather has been perfect it's been so good I was a crown the last few days you're just talking about the weather so I've been in Corona for a week and I had rain maybe three days okay I think three days but only like four hours okay that's not bad not like the whole day was lost because of rain yeah so it was okay actually this is the lunch spot where I've gotten food here a couple times I've got these good chicken skewers that I like to get but it's perfect because it's right on the water here and they've actually got some stairs here and a DJ later around sunset time they come out away pretty chill not too loud DJ music but the DJ usually sets up right here yeah this is great thank you yeah afternoon yeah this is your view I'll show you the prices here as well it's a Lamapal as I was telling Tint Ken I usually get the chicken kebab beef satay so that's 500 pesos it's really it's a lot of food actually I never can eat it all to be honest prongs 550 pesos Filipino favorites if you get something like cine going at 600 pesos or you can get like chapsuie 400 rice bowls teriyaki 420 but so really it's some of those are roughly 10 US dollars but hey this is less you can get pasta for 400 pesos 380 pesos and that's your view I mean you pay what a view of course yeah but I mean even still that's not much more expensive than Western restaurants in in town do we have the name of this place beach bites no that's not the name beach farm beach farm oh yeah maybe maybe beach club but either way you can't miss it you just there's only one road it's this way you're gonna see it and then it's a resort as well probably not cheap rooms there does that have any rice or noodles or anything or oh actually can I just have this without rice no rice just yeah it's possible okay yeah I'll just have that no rice that's it yes please and water so this is what I got right here under Filipino favorites so we've got mix of local vegetables pork shrimp shrimp paste 400 pesos no rice that's amazing today this was the perfect day to do this all right so let's see what 400 pesos gets us right here Alaska by his beach El Nino delicious oh you burger right on the beach with this new right here and potato fries this one and three different sauces that we think the tomato sauce all right so I'm about there you peanut bit vegetables your peanut Betty also very popular dish in the Philippines I tried it before as well what you're rating out of delicious so it's like you need so of course the taste is way different than regular beef and it's just so juicy and delicious I would give this burger probably nine out of ten nine out of ten yeah that's a I bet bread just looks really good that's one of the the main things for me is the bread on a burger a lot of people don't realize how important that is but on a burger you have to have good bread and then obviously the right you why you be I'm gonna give you this background while I eat I'm not even really sure what all the ingredients are let me know in the comments if you know exactly what's in this but I think from what I remember I read that it has pork shrimp also maybe some seafood as well yeah oh yeah yeah look there's a there's a shrimp right there various vegetables maybe some chives green beans called string beans in the Philippines but look at that shrimp right there but let's try the shrimp then it's a ton of flavor it really is a lot of flavor I think the base is maybe like a soy sauce or a worship sauce let's give the maybe some eggplant or orbizine and green beans a try here I think I read it has shrimp paste on it and you definitely taste the the sea the ocean and the she tastes the shrimp paste it's a little bit not overwhelmingly fishy but enough to give it flavor like the like the ocean but really good I got to catch up with him he just finished his burger and I haven't even started yet so goodbye I soda water is 110 pesos if you go to the the mart it's usually half that and then the sprite also 110 pesos 700 pesos for the wagyu beef burger and then 400 for mine we are off the zipline and find out some more prices of El Nido for you first we got to fly our drones because you just have to which one is that the mini two the mini two this same one I have we both came packing so I'm gonna I'm gonna fly now as well and then we're gonna zipline I don't know if you can see that zipline going across right there so we're gonna go from here to there and we don't know how we're gonna go back maybe we swim I don't know no you can walk there's a land bridge there but we'll talk talk after we fly I just had a little mini heart attack out here you have to establish a home point so if there's ever a problem with your drone it'll go back to that home point and land it established the home point above the water and for whatever reason when I was flying my screen just went black and so my drone went to go land by itself over water so Ken luckily turned on his camera and saw me run out in the ocean to go retrieve my drone as it was landing over the water and I caught it I think he saved the drone you got to flip it over flip it over flip it over now it took a little bath here in the ocean but the drone is dry so it lives to see another day you got to quickly action there yeah suddenly I see you're running into the water all right now that our drones are dry and safe on land we're gonna we're gonna go zipline it do you change? you're on the 100% set to give you some time okay okay all right so I'm up for where are you from? say i'm from the US i'm from the US and he's from Germany yeah where are you from? purple i want oh that's awesome a lot of people here are from other islands sometimes yes sir i am from uh another municipal team at taitai before the El Mido okay okay walking up there's no elevator here so we're walk do we walk up there he's not like yeah so we follow yellow flags no you said follow the orange flags but i don't see any orange well there's really only one direction to go all right we're getting exercise today guys it's a hot today yep the things you always never see when you watch a video at home yeah yeah no i never complain when you get an opportunity to exercise it's good we need exercise we have a beautiful location here enjoying ourselves there's nothing to complain about yeah i don't know how we can see it because the sun's over there which doesn't give you as good lighting but you've got all these coconut trees in this area and then the ocean there and there's our zipline up there somewhere that's what i don't tell you at the beach when they sell the tickets try to walk 15 minutes up to the wall they did not tell us this no that would probably hurt their sales a little bit but we've got a view and a nice workout so there definitely is a way to drive here you see these motorbikes and then there's another side road over there so there is a way to get up here without walking if that would be an issue for you but we have made it to the top it's time to cash in our vouchers and go zipline and guys that's a waver sur a voluntary waver sur um you are uh we're not forcing you to do the zipline that is true that's true i can't i can say i'm not being forced to do the zipline oh she's probably like in case something happens then they're not responsible yet where do i sign it? um sorry i need to put her in the first place here where you're from and then you just read it and we'll know about this right before we go to the beach oh this is why you were looking over at his drunkers you fly this drug oh oh okay oh so you get close-ups of the whole ride okay i yeah i don't think i need it because i've i've already got this okay yeah this is this is a good idea though for people who didn't bring their own camera gear oh yeah that's a cool shot yeah look at that can we get that overall you want it do we have to how much is it 500 for two persons hi hi you say hi hi hi she's adorable she's yours she's your daughter she's adorable hi bang bang what is that is that a remote don't shoot me if you fall you're done yeah well i hope i don't fall for the cable you said for the cable okay okay all right all right enjoy the ride you said all right thank you thank you we're going at the same time okay i hope nothing falls out my bag my old zip top good good look at that you see the book pictures yeah you need to follow that position lean back and straight your legs all the way okay because at the end of this line they have a very system like the rear system hit this one they will go too much in front now if you're not doing this position i'm sure you're gonna hit this one okay that's only all the way like this yeah even if you're going backwards still like that position okay so we are leaning like this and i can hold it one arm and you have a arm like this that's fine okay then don't touch the cable yeah okay do you understand sir yes yes linking on here whoa we're hooking on the slippers okay that's okay yeah sure why not okay so my life depends on this carabiner right here just good when it's a little thing just put it here hold it right here okay don't grab the cable you said okay just this all right sit down now all right we sit down this is actually kind of sketchy guys feels exactly oh yeah what's the bad view Sahara guys look at those water Okay, I don't really know what we're about to do. I don't know if I can talk about the distance. We came in here. What? That was way more fun than I thought it was going to be. I thought my head was about to hit that thing. It's a bit tough for the people who are right. They're fast and they'll rush you up. But then they'll bump us. I thought I was shooting. Only with you. Yeah. Like the other time. There you go, that's it. Okay, awesome. Detaching, getting the flip-flops. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. You're what? Your attorney? That was fun. That was way more fun than I thought it was going to be. Yeah, definitely. I'm not going to lie. I thought it was going to be boring. But it wasn't boring at all. It was actually pretty, pretty, uh, adrenaline kick. It was. It was. And it was scenic as well. Yeah. On a nice sunny day with the water looks like this. 16, number 16. Philippines. Philippines. Oh, it's a mind game on a nightclub. Yeah, he's a Filipino player. Yeah. From Manila. From Manila. Do you have 20 shots? We took them from here? Yes, sir. Oh, wow. And then he's the other, the other is like, okay? How much are the photos? All the photos is 150 per person. So it's a 100 for all chance guys. I'm going to take them. You want the photos? 150 each? Not each person, but not each photo. So everything is your photo as well as anything. Uh, yeah, sure. I'll get them. Yeah, 150 pesos. For $10 you get the drone video. And then you could, if you do two people, then you could split that. Like we just did it. And then you get the photos and it's 150 per person. And you get the whole set of the photos. And he's got the super zoom. So he can zoom in as you're coming in, coming in hot. Are you enjoying it? The ride guys? It was a lot of fun. It really was. It's kind of... I invite your friends here to go to Siplan, El Nido. This is the only one to wait Siplan in Palawan. Oh, they bring you back up. Yeah, you can ride again from the second line there. Oh, I see it. Okay. Well, we're promoting it here. So, yeah. Do the Siplan, guys. You can't miss it. It's there. Right there. Thank you guys. Thank you. So, I'm not bored. Oh, it's just a pop. We got some bamboo stairs here going down. Then we can talk about the Siplan when we get down. But first, we've got to get down in one piece. This is, uh... Not good for flip flops. Yeah, you're wearing flip flops. Yeah. Because these bamboo's are not flat on top. They're actual rounded bamboo's here. You're not going to like this. What? I'm sitting. You're not going to get bent off. Oh, no. I'll be fine. I just re-watched that video of when we did the Siplan. And I knew my head was close. I had the duck at the end. But you guys already saw it at this point. But I just now saw that video. I didn't know that for sure. But I also definitely recommend leaning all the way back so you don't chop your head off. Listen to the guy at the beginning. Yeah, exactly. Did you notice how we had to get a verbal confirmation from us? That's probably for liability purposes. Like he made sure he said duck and lean all the way back. And he asked us specifically. Do you understand? And we verbally said yes. So, yeah, that's probably why. Now, it's almost sunset time. It's probably 4 p.m. And the sunsets maybe in an hour, hour and a half. So, what a lot of people do around this time, around Las Cabanhas, are corona-coron-coron-beaches. They go get a good seat for the sunset. Which is probably going to be good. It's a clear day. So, hopefully we get a good sunset. We've got a few good spots for you. But it's really incredible. It's definitely what you want to do when you're around these beaches here. All right. So now we're going to walk back. And this is our path. This is our road here. To go back. Oh, look at this view. We got it right here, guys. You're not going to be able to see it as well as us. But that genuinely does not look real. And I think we're going to have our sunset over here. So, if you see right here, there's a restaurant right on that corner. So, that's a popular spot. If you're on Las Cabanhas, that everyone goes and gets a seat now for the sunset that we're going to have in about an hour. And they start there. Start their holiday. Start their booze and start their eating. But I'm also a big fan of corona-coron-coron-beaches. And I've said this in other videos. But corona-coron-coron-beaches over there. And there's a place called Panorama, which has a great view of this as well. And it's perfectly designed for watching a sunset as well. Just like this one. But this, of course, is going to be a perfect spot for it. Look at that. It just doesn't look real. So, I was telling you this a few days ago when you were talking about corona. And I said, I prefer it here. Because you get this from where you can get your restaurants and hotels. And you don't have this in Koran. Koran town doesn't look like this. You have to take a boat and go somewhere to get used to like this. Exactly. You can't go to the Philippines unless you have halohaloh. And a coconut. So, we're going to try our best combined halohaloh and a coconut. Can I get halohaloh inside a coconut? I'll put it in the rice. It's too hot. It's delicious. I'm happy to pay. Okay. I will want also. I will be out of two. So, two halohaloh is in a coconut. How much would that cost? 250 for halohaloh in a coconut. Oh, yes. Delicious. It's a little amount of pot. Oh, okay. Are we doing something secretive? Okay, that's fine. That's okay. So, unfortunately, we can't watch her make the halohaloh because her boss doesn't want us to see the secret halohaloh recipe. But that's fine. We still get to eat the halohaloh. But this is absolutely mandatory in the Philippines. So, let's rate this one and see how good it is. It will be good. Oh. Oh. We have a beautiful... Of course. Thank you. What's your hold this one? Okay. We're taking... We're having a photo shoot. You want to... You want me to... Yeah. Hey, I'm going to hold back short coconut. Thank you. I don't think on any of my videos I've ever eaten, that's not true. I ate halohaloh in one video a year ago. And everyone got mad at me because I didn't mix it. Halohaloh means mix, mix. I think in Tagalog, right? And so, what you're supposed to do is mix all of the ingredients before you eat it. Usually, halohaloh is served not in coconut. So, we got it in a coconut. The ingredients are... I don't know what. I'm going to say ice cream, probably. Flakes of coconut, some sort of shaved ice. Corn. I'm now founding all of these gummies. We've got red and green Christmas colors. All right, we've got banana, mystery ingredients. We couldn't see what she put in here, but that's all I see so far. Yeah. So, I'm going to do what I'm supposed to do and I'm going to mix mix... Halohaloh, mix mix it. And when you eat it on a hot beach, you got to be quick. So, it doesn't melt too soon. Let's go ahead and get a bite with all the ingredients with the ube ice cream, the coconut, the pieces of corn. Oh, we got it. It's good? It's really good. Once you get the shaved ice, the ice cream, and the coconut flakes in there, the corn, if I'm honest, it's a little odd. The corn flavor with the anything else. Let's get a piece with the banana in there and the mango. Mango, that's nice. Oh yeah, that's different. That's a game changer. And then a banana one now. I like the mango bite. Mango is nice, right? Mango is really nice with it. Hello, this is Masarab. Masarab, thank you very much, sir. Masarab, hello, hello. Thank you. Do you have a straw? Yeah, I have. Okay, perfect. I want to drink this. It's too delicious not to drink this. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Now, it is officially a milkshake. A purple milkshake with coconut, mango, and bananas. Enough messing around. Did you spill anything? No. And I got a mango too. Oh, nice. I'm already paid for his, so that's for my other coconut. Thank you. All right, thank you so much, you're a delicious. Thank you. Hi. The flip flops are gone. There's a swimming pool over there. If you want to see the view over there. Oh, we're actually rushing over to Karon Karon Beach before sunset. Oh yeah, this is the sunset over there. Fight 45. Right, yeah, we were going to go to over there to Karon Karon Beach. Oh, look at that. No, no. Karon Karon Beach. The sunset is over there. Ah. So later, they run here to watch the sunset. Oh, okay. The sunset is over there. Yeah, I've seen them in both places. You see the sun over here. Yeah. But it's still nice over there. It's still nice. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but thank you. Thank you very much. Maybe we'll go here. I'll talk to him. That's slippers, my flip flops. Over there, is that yours? Yep, that's them. Thank you. I just take them off and just wander away all the time. Okay, thank you. So she's saying that this is the best sunset spot. Because you actually see the sun over there behind us. But Karon Karon, it's still very nice at Karon Karon, but the actual sun is right there. So would you like to go here for the actual sunset or Karon Karon? So you have seen those spots already, right? Yeah. So what do you think of the place over there? It was nice. It was really nice, but I don't remember seeing the actual sun. Well, let's find out. Okay. Jump on the bikes. Okay. Alright, thank you. Bye. But yeah, as you can see, a ton of people are flocking to this spot, because that's the spot. Yeah, that's the problem. I feel like this place is totally overcrowded already. Yeah. So maybe we are lucky with a bit quieter place over there. Because since we are sitting there for like a past 20 minutes, they're constantly people walking by the spot. Yeah. So it feels like they are like 100 people over there now. Ken says maybe we can get to that little beach. You see that beach where no one is? And it's going to have a view of the sunset. So we're going to go look for a path over here. Maybe we have hit a dead end or we have found a hidden gem. There's a hole. Put it into that pig. That's where everybody's at. We're going to try our luck here. A lot of trash. People come over here and throw trash over here. That's a poppy, huh? Yeah. Alright, maybe. Huh. Alright guys, we might have found you a secret beach. Let's see. Actually this is already pretty epic here. And... You're getting music? I hear music through there. I said this one's loose and he's right. Did we find it? We found a secret beach. So we just came down here. You've got several different houses. I think these are different people's properties. I think these are different people's properties around here. And then they're just a trail through the woods. And here we have our own beach. You've got dogs down this way. You've got kin right here. We have a boat and several different houses right here. We found a hidden beach. We have our own beach for sunset. There's a hundred people down there. You can see them. Right there at that point. I don't want to lose my flip-flops again. Where'd they go? Okay there. Look, look at this. There's literally zero people here, like one, but he's with me, so that doesn't count. Look at this. We found our own secret beach. No one is here. Again. Except four dogs playing in the water. These dogs are having the time of their lives over here. Look at them. The water's what? It's not clear water. This dog doesn't mind. Look at these dogs. They're loving life. This dog wants to play I think. Hey, are you scared? What? The dog is wearing on this. Caller. Caller? Caller? Caller. Yeah. Yeah, these dogs look healthy. These are not stray dogs. So this one's got a collar on. And they all look happy and healthy. And they're just playing. So these are very healthy dogs. Sometimes the beach dogs are not that good looking, but these look really good. So somebody lives here. This looks like this is maybe intentionally planted here. So I don't know. I've heard you guys have told me before that there are no private beaches in the Philippines. So this isn't anyone's private property. And there's several different houses. So maybe a few people live around here. Someone owns these dogs. But there are definitely or no tourists here. And there's some hammocks up here that someone has built. It's absolutely beautiful. Coconut trees. Around that corner should be Korong Korong Beach, where we were going to go to watch the sunset. Maybe you could shoot the sunset. At 10 this night we can literally see there's no way you're going to be able to see it in the GoPro. Yeah. But there are a ton of people out there at that point right there. And my drone's coming to land. Oh no. That's a beautiful drone landing shot. Yeah. It comes in the background. The dog is there. The dog is perfect for this. Yeah, all right. Let me grab this. Thank you, sir. So we found kind of a perfect little hidden gym by accident. Thanks to Ken. We're in the middle just over to this side here. We've got these massive rocks that are the ones that are towering over El Nido town proper. Just on the other side of those rocks. But then directly in front of us, we have this sunset over here. And it's just perfect. Thank you, guys. Okay, I'll sit you down there. Do you have a good view? Well, I do this hold on one second. This is basically your perfect lounging day. If you don't want to do an island hopping tour, if you don't want to go on an excursion. If you want to hang out with dogs and eat halohaloh out of coconuts. Maybe a little zip lining. This is your ideal day, really. This beach is called Las Cabañas. It's not a secret. People know about it. But still really nice. Not super crowded by any means. But not a secret either. Not like our secret beach we have here. And then, because you watch my channel, you'll know about this place. But let me show you here real quick. And our dog friend is having a blast. Not too bad, eh? Super beautiful. And it's very weird that you have such a clear view to the sun. Yeah. Because there are literally no clouds. You can see the whole sun. Probably it's not really visible on camera like this. Yeah. But it's such a clear view to the sun. It's amazing. Skittle colors, cotton candy colors right now. With the clouds, look at the clouds up there. Yeah, that's nice. Wow. You've got the reflection of the sun on the bottoms of the clouds here. But you've just got cotton candy, colored blue and pink. It's so peaceful right now. If you want a chill day, this is what I would do. Something like this. If you want to just hang around the beach and not do the island hopping towards you're an excursion. That's it for this one. Thank you for watching. I'll see you in the next one.