 But you're Friday. Differences. Something that it's agreed upon, many artists from all over the world, is that there is one crowd in specific and one location specific in the world that has some of the best crowds in the world. And that, my friend, is the Philippines Manila. Right? Now, you guys have sent us so many videos about these amazing moments on like, look, only not only because of the Philippines, basically everyone just fucking sings instead of, you know, talking because the karaoke machine is so, you know, so, so famous. When artists go to perform, it's not really like a show or a concert. It's more like a duet. The crowd and the artists they sing and they can be like, yeah, it's a collaboration, my friend. And then, Janogibs. What happens a lot of the time is stuff like this, which is fucking unreal. Also, we've had the awesome privilege in the form of, in front of some of, you know, Philo, a fellow, a cup of ba-ba-ya. You're not Filipino. You can't use the cup of ba-ya. Let's get a bit of meme of each other. It's like, what the fuck does cup of ba-ya mean then? Look, we all went meant to be Mexicans. We didn't even become Mexicans. I became Venezuela and you went to Asia. Basically, it's Asia. Okay? Bro, I would cry my eyes out. Now, you might think this is exclusive to music. Fucking wrong. You want to watch a volleyball match? That's nuts! Also, we experienced that shit first hand in the last, longer concert. Oh, yeah. Where everyone, I mean, not everyone, there's a lot of people, because you know, she's so famous, Disney, Theta, London, I know that. She has a lot of London-ness, but there was also a lot of Filipino people and everyone just fucking knew every song. And then all of us saw, because everyone sings, everyone also harmonized and sad. It was the most magical thing I have ever seen in my life. I wonder what happens when I guess it's like, oh, maybe they haven't come out yet and they're fanchions. Oh. I've never been an Einstein lover. I've never been a once in a while. I think that's that. I think that's that shrapnel. Is that one direction? Huh? Is that one direction? No, I have no idea. I just sort of put videos that you guys said. I do not quality control. I trust you. Bro, why are they so into you? That's so natural. Come on. Oh, perhaps it was just because it was them. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It was just because it was them. It was one direction. One of the biggest bands in the world. Now what happens if the sound system shots off or electricity gets cut off? OK. Concert over. Fucking wrong. OK.JIKA It's like a big jazz session. What the fuck? That is actually crazy. Why are they into you? I don't get that. Now, the funny thing is that this has become somewhat of a meme amongst, you know, K-pop idols, different Ed Sheeran has Ed Sheeran, he has spoken about this on BBC Radio. The Rose, you will put pictures here, as I say. The Rose, they've been, you know, they went so viral for saying like, yeah, probably Manila, the Philippines has the best crowd. I believe that. It was Jesus. What about one of the most successful singers? Okay. Both in Korea and outside of Korea, by the name of Ayuk. Oh! I don't like a summary because the fucking video is long. And basically what she's saying here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What she was saying was that out of all the shows that she's been on, like, worldwide. She was just touring in Korea, then Japan, then now she went to Manila and the Philippines. She was saying like, you guys are like the most insane crowd I've ever had in my life. And the reason for that is they didn't fucking stop singing every song in Korean. Korean! You speak Tagalog, maybe sebuiano, you know, some other shirk, you know? But you don't speak Korean. Yeah, probably. You think they wouldn't sing fucking wrong. Also. So huge shout out to Ayuk for having a live band and backing vocalist and everything. I think also that's the other problem right when it comes to the Philippines. Yeah, it's like life music is such a big deal and most people, because they do attempt to sing in comparison to other parts of the world, because it's so ingrained with the culture, their standards of music have naturally kind of risen, which, you know, it doesn't make them a difficult crowd to sing to because they enjoy music. I am generalizing here, I'm just sort of speaking from what other artists have also said to us. But certain things are not as impressive to a crowd that may not know much about music, because to them technically perhaps, you know, the average person doesn't know that much about music, you know, fucking falsetto, head voice, all these other ballocks that everyone talks about. But they know at least, I know a friend that has sung that song in the karaoke and she fucking murdered it better than you. You know what I mean? So they have points of reference, it seems. In their normal, common day to day life, yeah. But I guess the sort of the counter argument to that is that they're not a difficult crowd to sing to because they're so welcoming. And they genuinely just enjoy music, it seems. From our experience I want to mix and seeing like, you know, the reactions to like KC and bamboo like really well-established artists, because I guess in our case, we are sort of literally just planting seeds, right? We're not even a fully grown plant. But the reception at the level that we got was like awesome and so warm. And then the reception that, you know, someone like KZ and bamboo got, it was everyone just knew every song. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's out of appreciation. It's like, it wasn't just like, oh, we're having a good time, but it was also like, I'm here. We're hearing you. We're hearing you. Yeah, yeah. And I guess at that point is also because we see you, that's the thing. I guess at that point is also because, you know, they're also Filipino artists. But in this case, when it comes to worldwide artists, what it feels like is we want to kind of make this such a memorable experience for both of us. That's what I mean. It's like when you go to perform, it's not just a solo performance. That's right. It's like a collaborative effort. And that, my friend, is something that we can all learn something from the crowds of the Philippines at the O's.