 But you're Friday. The freshest. So this is an interesting as hell because people have requested it's a lot right? I didn't know like what it was. Yeah, I'm like, what the hell do we do? But it's like, this could actually fit perfectly into the whole concept of future Friday, right? Absolutely. Just finding new voices, new talent, new stuff around the world. But I'm, what we've decided to start, this is a video that's like 10th Filipino singers that went viral on YouTube. I don't know when. Hey, this video is kind of old, I think. Yeah. 2019. So 2019 is a year ago. So if there is an updated version, we will try to check it out. We will check it out. And then maybe see something we can do of every country. If you know to the channel, Fischer Friday is a podcast in which you find music from all over the world and we check it out all on Friday. And then on Sunday, we are sometimes joined by some of the artists that we find out through the podcast and people that also check out music like this. So I guess this, it's right in, I don't know. Definitely. So it's a video that's been super requested and it's fairly popular. So let's get right on it. Also my YouTube, right? Everyone has a platform. Yeah, it's awesome. How was it? How was it? How was it? How was it? How was it? How was it? Does the name... Her name is Alia Aquino. Aila, Aila. It's a school. Aila. Aquino. It's a rough song, man. I got one last friend with that channel. I think I'm a science experimenter. Just obviously in school, chilling. That's such a tough song. That is so good. I got one last friend without a channel. Can we have a moment for the fact that they're chilling in school just banging out to karaoke so I love the Philippines. Yeah, that's true, man. That's a good observation. That's so freaking cool. That's so freaking cool. We never used to do that back home. That's not a thing. No, really? Why is it not a thing? It totally should be a thing. How cool would your break be from science and you're just taking a break just doing karaoke in your classroom? That would be awesome. For us to them, Chika, just hang in there and sing it. That's the right type of use for equipment as well. You know their projection, their computer. It's so good. She's awesome. And then it was Alina. Alina. Alina. Alina Akino. What's her name? Yeah. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. Alina. Alina Akino. Alina Akino. Right, props to her. Maver. I wonder how old she is now. Maybe, well, she must be two years old, right? Wow, that is just cool. I'm about it. Oh, we have a guitar? Oh my god. Sad rig. That's such a cool name. My heart. That kid. He's a leader. Good man. Oh my god. Justin is killing it though. I'm a fan. Leader. Good man. I mean, music man. That's the power of music. Oh my god. Yes. That's the power of music. That shitty soul touching. That is brilliant. All the brother situation, I think it's just going through order of names and appearance. Kid. Fiddler. Naturally, phonetic build. Melodyc. And then of course you got the little baby. How can you and he's so naturally melodic as well? Yeah, yeah, so it's it's really endearing. What a beautiful moment singing in your bathroom, dude Singing in your bathroom one of the oldest tricks actually if you don't have a studio available to you And you want to record music in the room It's your bathroom and you don't have a mic or anything bathroom go to a toilet sing there That is so cool. That is so true. I love it. I want to watch the game There's actually science behind this belief that people in the shower sound better It's true. It's actually true. You got better acoustics in in the bathroom. Yeah, yeah, the sound I don't know. There's natural reverb to it For some reason also because it's such an intimate place people seem to be mooring their skin So they're able to let go more less tension and as many vocal coaches would agree tension is the death of a singer Absolutely 100% maybe there's an We're doing it father a mic man. We got to show that shit out. Oh, I just love this moment I don't know where he's now both of them I'm breathing Cheating I'd love to see her sing reggae. We too. It's just got that natural ability Ah full soul I'm not judging us. I like it so be so I love how like relax them and filter this video's art natural Like I miss when YouTube covers used to be this you know That's beautiful So it's definitely one more on Instagram right? Tera Pank the voice Wow Okay, hold on hold on I don't want to keep the vibe but look I have to say this it's no Consulance to me why the Philippines it's it's so Such a place and such a like a Gold mine for amazing singers, but that might just be the answer you might have touched to it in the first video There is a classroom Everyone's quiet the teacher has a phone now recording and supporting these young lady That's touching man that is touching that doesn't happen It is true. I you know what is it's is the I I've said it before but the the the support and core on filter love for Filipinos have that Filipinos have for their artists and the people that are talented regardless of Position regardless of of money regardless of who knows who the love and support that Filipinos Give to their to their artists is unbelievable and incredibly inspiring is super touching because you see people that are this talented Everywhere around the world, but you will never see that Support system this strong this felt like grounded. It's just it's just natural It's not it's not forced it just comes to them. You know it's doing it's doing that sense of pride Is doing what you can with what you have right and and school has this Bissar ability to really touch shape and shape you into what you become onto the rest of your life So I'm sure that's a moment. I sure remember right I love to know where she is now. I love to know how old she is Be at least be at risk But it's such a magical moment man because it doesn't happen often school It's it's a place that for many it was full of judgment It was full of discouragement. It was full of dream being shattered Yes, yes, so mother mother was our mother was an English teacher in Venezuela and For 10 years and one of the things that really was encouraged impacted many students and impact as you know We went to the same school as he taught him was the fact that she would teach English the language Not through grammar and in the theoretical matter Manor which also had is it's it's time and place but in a practical way she would make a sing She you would have to prepare a song even if you want to sing and come sing you would have to do a dance to an English song But you would have to memorize the lyrics you have to make a cooking show and you would have to do it in English And these are the memories that all these guys that are now lawyers and engineers and now maybe have trouble the world and I'm not artist They just people maybe some of them are artists. These are the memories they have so really hope she she and I really hope Maybe if you're from somewhere else or maybe a teacher that moments like this and magical and this are really the moments that Especially touch me. I mean, I've never been like this over before you know especially going from a camera It's just so inspiring because you get that's powerful because you know Based on your own personal experiences in school It's true you usually get slapped in the face and and Your they tell you your dreams are not achievable, you know, that's usually what you encounter That's that's the reality of life But do have an environment where people actually cheering you on For for the sense of pride for the sense of that you're one of us you can make it big and for that reason I'm gonna cheer on cheer you on that So I that is big dude that is so big upload Beatrice not only for putting you know It's a vulnerable moment singing. It's the purest form of expression. I truly believe that and it's also one of the most vulnerable Positions to put yourself in I applaud her but I also applaud the teacher and the environment such an encouraging environment That's fantastic teachers especially the teachers because the kids they'll just copy whatever they all the kids do Of course, of course, that's what you do when you're when you're that young But the teacher is a leader in that situation, right? And she's forming another one truly it's wonderful. It's wonderful Smiles around She's like that's gorgeous Oh So lobby was singing the song It was a very popular song and the Philippines She's culture of singing Very charming boys, huh? In public transport It's a bus right? Carrito per puesto it looks more like it He's very on wish bus Me too It's just mad Okay, I don't want like people might not understand where like why we're getting so emotional, but we grow up we grew up In in the environment so similar to this right with so many things missing and With so little support from anyone else and anything around it and then you would see Kids like this you would see kids like this everywhere and nobody would even nobody would even care You know, like sometimes they'll be homeless sometimes they'll be from single single parent households sometimes And nobody would care nobody would do a single thing to do to help them on you know, it's It's so refreshing to see you know They there's people out there who actually give a crap Wow, you'd hear stories, right like you know This kid right? He's just a kid. They used to singing the bus for money or this kid. They used to sing in the bus for fun Or this kid he's made it right you would hear these sort of like stories and this is where the stories that people look up to like because it's kind of These prove that like the miracles were real right and I think that's it's been definitely been one of the magic soft of the internet YouTube and things that that's on I really I really hope um the difficulty though of of YouTube and having viral moments is the capability of Being able to build something from that which is not difficult is a hard task. Yeah Um, and that's what talent doesn't really help Just is what it is You know, but that's where you need kind of the hard work a strategy a a Someone who formulates a plan and then you can kind of work from them So I hope all these guys this is actually my wish for all these guys that we're watching is it's not that it's awesome They had a viral moment, but I really hope that if anyone knows them or anything The podcast is always open, you know what I mean for them to come on and stuff But it's like maybe they're doing great. I don't know maybe they're doing amazing I believe that regardless of Of it being consistent after the viral moment. These are the moments that mark the artist This are the moments that make you take you know take the leap make a choice if you didn't know Every bloody good I know but Being good sometimes is not enough, you know, especially up here, especially up here. Sometimes being good It's not enough because you know that there's a huge gamble. You know that by singing you're not gonna get a monthly paycheck and a good career like you know that you're playing your whole life away But this moment might actually be the glimmer of life like the big chance that loves you know The be the sign like they could be the book or is singing to his to his water buffalo moment, you know Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's the moment where you actually think Tanguette is is worth it. Let's give it a try, you know, it this isn't inspiring be beyond How engufted these kids and people are I it's just reticulously And I hope I'm sure that's one of the reasons why this moment sort of sort of so you know viral People also find it's pretty so so touching it's crazy. Give it up. Maybe we should make it too long. Let's give it a go