 Hi everyone and welcome to our channel. Since we have put the roof up we only had one ready day and tropical stove as we saw from our last video. I'm trying to prepare all the timber flow, big job, but had progressed quite well despite being by myself at the moment. Yes at last we received the thickness planner so please stay with us and enjoy it. I'm going to continue finishing the floor timber for the porch and this morning 8am expecting a carpenter so you will have I will give you an interview. It's not very cheap but the one we had it was sort of cheap I think but it was useless. So let's have a look I have a I think you come out about 8am hopefully if you show up and maybe I'll employ him you probably have to a little bit dearer than normal but that's probably the only way maybe to keep workers and to get workers alone. We need to get this house finished very quick so yeah I know for a fact that I don't have enough of this timber here 3x2 to do all the walls support I'll probably use them for the internal wall between the bedrooms and the lounge here but I'm going to have to buy those metal stud and use metal stud I think it will be easier quicker it's all straight just use a rivet gun and that's it so that's what I decide I'm going to do and also once I finish the porch floor I can purchase all my party flags and store them there and that's it it's all good I'm still waiting for the carpenter just wait I think I'll come okay I just put those one on position just to give you a bit of an idea what the entrance going to look like but I'm going to have to put a leaker on top yeah I think it's going to be good this is going to be a rough floor for the porch I don't need to put like a Mickey Mickey mouse just like that so I can't wait I do all the bits and pieces there for the yeah I can't wait I do all those timber for the porch there's somewhere really down here I've done that yesterday I think I need 31 of those in total anyway I've done one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen nineteen nineteen oh more than halfway okay it's good so that's what I've been doing today I've been carrying some more of those and polished them and uh and solid them let's keep going it's kind of hot okay I just got some news that there's been some problem with transportation for the captain to come and talk to me so that's okay uh one transportation is fixed and I will see him and it's fine because I'm all I'm doing here now is preparing the team but it's a bit of a mess so they give me a few more days and and that's fine I wouldn't want a slope like this it's terrible you're gonna have to conquer that as with the rain I know the cow will be able to go out there but anyway that's the business okay I finished all the timber for the porch entrance and I say I'm gonna install it but I'm not gonna do that I'm gonna wait for a new carpenter I got two options for next week so I got a wait for them to the smooth there so it's almost ready I just need to back two more two more of those for for the end day that's all otherwise it's all finished so let's wait maybe for the carpenter's if he's got something to say and uh then we got this ready to install I'm now preparing the timber uh which I'll be using this wood um for the bedrooms and probably the bathroom at the end there so I've got already caught a favorite cut out here there's the one you see and then there's more at the back so probably half done so I need to cut the other half so this floor will be just about ready as well you just have to treat the timber that's all before before we install it all right so this is how far we we go at this stage okay I just finished not oh so 75% of the floor for the bedrooms with this kind of timber it will be in two sections and the other back is the bathroom so that would be a different floor so I'm happy with that um I'm probably going home now it's getting so so hot so I just need probably a five or six more of those long one and that's it or probably less than that maybe four four long one and I can add to this what I've got already and that will be enough to do the floor for the two bedrooms the man lounge we're going to get as I said the timber which is up there under the shed and that's a pretty good timber very strong that's where it's going to be a lot of truffles this is pretty good this is good timber anyway I think enough for today tomorrow off okay the baby's been delivered Fujima it's very heavy okay I will look at it later on I'm going to carry this thing so heavy Fujima it's probably Chinese but okay let's hop on up okay so here's the thickness planner just out of the box it's got two doors front and rear inside then it's got two rollers and the blades in between so two fitting rollers and the blade in between and then you got this to set the height up and down and uh I got the instruction how to replace the blade how to install the machine so it's all pretty good okay yeah all right so anyway we'll try that when the timber's ready not quite I still have to cut a bit and then we'll take it to the house and I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. I'm going to get some water. Thank you for watching this video. Thank you for watching this video. Until the next video. Take care. God bless you all. Bye. Bye.