 Welcome, hello everybody. Welcome to our new home here in the Philippines. If you haven't watched our moving-in video you would see that our first day didn't go so well but we've got a lot of things written out now. Yes it was quite chaotic but we've got that result. Yeah all into the positives now pretty much so we're gonna give you a tour not only of our house but we're actually gonna check out the neighborhood and we're actually not haven't seen it at all. We did it a little drive around. Yeah. We're looking for this house. Exactly. So you're gonna come along with us and check out this neighborhood. It is an unusual neighborhood because it used to be like a gated community and then it got rid of the guards and then the guard checks kind of. It's gated. Yeah. More ice cream delivered. Yeah there's ice cream delivered guys. Yeah like an ice cream truck. Yeah. In its own sense. And a ice cream truck. Ice cream truck. And we got chickens you name it like we've got it all here but it actually has a good feel to it and I love how it's like very lush in here. So we're gonna show you all that first. We are surrounded by people who guarded like we green thumbs are all around us and you'll see. We'll show you in a minute. Yeah so let's show you our house to start. So if you don't know and this is your first time welcome did you subscribe did you see see that's the face. So we pay 28,000 pace host per month to rent this beautiful three bedroom house. It's a cave in Augustine Grove which is near Augustine high school and it's really beautiful neighborhood. You can see we have a huge amount of parking like we could have a tractor trailer. I don't know. A big eight wheeler or 16 wheeler. Let's do it. Let's do it. Yeah so yeah right now or we can have a basketball mat here like oh my goodness as you can see our neighbors have huge walls so. They have an electric fence. Yeah electric fence. And a camera that points to our backyard so nobody climbs their wall I guess. I know but you know what I'm thankful because if anything happens to us they got us. For you CCTV. Plus they got great lighting oh my gosh. I know. So we got a few of our plants out here. This is our beginning. Okay but we have big plants. They're gonna look like their house one day but for now this is how it looks. Okay. Alright. They're kind of sad. They're kind of dying. I don't know how to take care of plants. You'll figure it out. But we'll figure it out. So as you can see we have big double doors going in. This is our living room. It is. It was already furnished so we just have our things that we added to it. Yeah. Now you know what he's in there you go. Casino. So yeah I feel like mobster movies like me. Dining room tables really nice six. We don't really use this because. What do you think it smells okay? It smells it's there. Yeah. If you put them like if you kept it open it would be around. Yeah but then it smogges everywhere. I don't want that. Anyway so they did close this and it is all sealed now. Yeah I gave them the cocking so. It's all perfect. Yeah the shower that but now that that's there you can't shower anymore. It's not. No it's not waterproof. They said it was waterproof. And they water resistant. It's not waterproof. They even asked me they're going you're not going to shower in here right? So no we have lots of showers. That's not a problem. So we keep it closed. We're not really using it. It has a strong chemical smell so. I'm going to keep it open for a day and see if it goes away. Alright look at this. So which just came today. So this little rack thing you built it today. I'm still going to shopping and setting up like. Yeah look at that. Cutting boards here. So we actually have some space now. We don't have everything all clustered anymore. And you can like remove it put it somewhere else. Yeah. And now we have more. Space counterspace. Yeah counterspace. Oh look at this too. Okay don't just. No yeah. She got these little racks in here too. So yeah this was a good buy and it was out of good job. Good job. I know how to spend money. Oh no women know how to do that. Sure. Sure let's go. Oh look at him. This is our side yard. We got a ton of topsoil here and it's all what do you call it when it's mixed with vegetables compost. Thank you. So it's all compost. So it's really good. And so we have intentions to put a lot more of these and plant a lot more plants. Look at him. He's trying to impress me. And to give you an idea. We have 10 sacks like this because it's $20. That's it. Hey hey. Hey I think it's our cat went over his side. Yeah. Stay on your side of the house. That cat was in that side of the house. Anyway that's how cats learn. That's how cats learn. Let's go upstairs. Oh sorry we didn't really finish. Yeah cat fight. I love that back cat though. I know. I just fought my cat so I should have a cat. He looks like a mean cat to be honest. He looks he's a fat and chubby and old and I love him. So whatever. So yeah this is all good now. Oh there's still the water. By the way if you did watch our moving and you know we had the huge water problem and people are like well why don't they just have a float valve that stops the pump or the pump was never running. Pump is switched off but it does have a float valve. The problem is the city feeds the water separately and the pump. And so it what happens is the city fills all this up and slowly back fills the line and overflows the tank. So we've solved this a little bit. We've got the pump completely shut off. The main floor is running on the city but we've disconnected it from going upstairs and this right now is only feeding the upstairs. We don't need to turn the pump on. We could just turn this valve and it will backflow that pump or the tank again. Not have any electricity. So I think we've got it solved. The owner just said no no no turn everything off. Only use the pump and every time go up with a wrench and disconnected there. That's too much work. No thank you. So this is going to be our laundry area. We got a barbecue here. It's kind of still messy or generator. So all this is still moving. Exactly. But we have a drain here so that's why about this hose but we need a better connecting thing so we can do our wash here. And we need a better clothesline because this doesn't work out well. We need a proper cable sort of thing. But yeah. So this is it. We got a huge space all the way around but you'll notice that's why we got all the dirt. We don't have any grass. We don't have anything other than tile. So we wanted something to add some green to this area. So we'll do it on top because we're not allowed to make any modifications to the house. Alright upstairs. I guess. Okay. So this is the first time he's got becomes crappy for a reason. Okay. This is on his first rodeo. Yeah. He was tiny. He was picking on big ones. He has no regard for size. He will fight anybody. So up here we've got our two little chairs here and our painting. Yeah. That's something. We've got of course our balcony here which is very relaxing and we've got a fan out here. So it's nice and cool. I'm going to use this a lot. This is our bedroom. Oh yeah. We had the air conditioning on earlier and here so it's nice in here right now. It's a hot day. It is really hot. So yeah. We got curtains here and everything so you can look right out. Yeah. This is a little weird for us because the neighbors have all these windows pointing right out. And they're cameras or whatever. And so this should if anywhere should have curtains. Like heavy duty. Yeah. Because it is tinted but when you light if it's brighter in here than it is outside you can see it. Yeah. Yeah. So it's a little concern. Free show. I have no regard for that. So whatever. If you film it at least pay me. Yeah. Exactly. Okay. That's all. And our main bathroom here. We recently just added this so that we can brush your teeth without having to tap water. Yeah. We wanted the tap water and so this makes it easy. Yeah. Just cheeked brush teeth. Exactly. But it's a little organized in here. Things are good. And we don't have a water heater. We own one. But the lease is very strict in that if we add it. If you add anything it's like permanent. It becomes the owner's property. Yeah. And they inspect once a month every single month. So you can't say well just take it out before you leave. Unfortunately they got us there too. So we added they'll know. But I don't mind. I'm used to cold shower already. So yeah. Well the other house we had the blue tank which the sun would absorb and get hot. But now we have a stainless steel tank. It doesn't get hot. And I'm so confused. So there's another bathroom we have here with another shower. I got my office in here that is you know the bed was already here. So we just kind of made it work. Not much to it. Works pretty good though. Bed check. Oh the dogs are going crazy out there. And then her room is still in work and progress. So it's a little cluttered still because she needs better shelving system. Oh I'm liking it. As you can hear bear is 50% of the room. It is quite dark in here so we need better lighting. Yeah when you open this it's not too bad. It's especially earlier in the day. Yeah. Right now it's almost five o'clock. But usually it's better. But at least it feels like a little cave. And I like caves. Yeah she can do her screaming in there. Imagine. There we go. So that's the inside of our house. That's what we got for our money. Our electric bed is doing really good. Comparative to our other house already. We're using very little. I'm going to have it all worked out to the dollar amount. What we're averaging and everything soon. But for now I know that thing barely spins and I appreciate that because you can see it spin at the other house. So let's go and see this whole neighborhood. All right so our neighbors here are they have a huge huge amount of property. It's pretty cool. They have a little cat thing or like a little dog thing where they put food and water. Yeah. I really like that. So that way the sprays even get their own. Yeah it runs well fed here. So this is what we were talking about being lush. You see everybody has yeah and they've got three or four of them hung in the bags right now to protect them. There you go. So yeah everybody has so many beautiful plants. Oh wow. Wow that's so nice. I need to learn. Everyone's so good at taking care of them. Hello. Is that your greenhouse? Okay we met this neighbor. Hello again. And we're just commenting what a beautiful I thought it was their greenhouse. That's yours. You have such a green thumb. Yeah and I see you. Okay. I see you working out here every day too. And see he's got to look it up there. That's a beautiful garden up there too. You have a lovely house. Thank you. We're just taking a tour of the neighborhood. So you can see here we have the mix. So these are like townhouses and in other parts you'll see we even have apartment buildings. So that's what makes this subdivision quite unusual. The roads are obviously a little dated and beaten because it is an older subdivision. There is all these empty lots all the way across here. Oh it's like a pill block. Yeah I was going to say does that remind you of Albania? What in the Albanian is going on? You know Albania they have all these things from World War 2 Monat War War 2 was actually after. Yeah just lift it up. Boy you're you're strong. I'm scared someone's going to like pop out and be like what are you doing in my pill box? The wall is actually right here. So there is actually a we're right on the edge. So there's no no further. Our neighbors they own all the land all the way and I was told they own this one as well. So this is their property as well. Our neighbor. Yeah they they own a huge block of the of the subdivision. It matches two a it looks exactly the same. They understand security though. They're like your walls are nothing. Yeah they got a great security. Oh there's papayas and bananas look at those bananas up there. Papaya man you have a whole grocery store in here. This is a lovely house too. This guy drives around too and he sells all kinds of hello how are you? He's got peanuts and he's got all kinds of stuff. Look at it and he just drives around so you can catch him in the afternoon. They're also the vegetable guy. He drives around too remember? Him my wife and he's vegetable. We thought he was an ice cream guy and it turned out to be vegetables. But there is a nice ice cream guy. And there are several houses here that are just like empty. Yeah but they're not like abused or abandoned or anything like they're no there's just a little overgrown need a coat of paint like slats and paint on it and it's a house. So we were quite shocked actually because we were like wait none of these were for rent. What is this house? Look at that. Look at the architect on that house. Architecture. I'm back about the person. There's a person on that. Yeah that is interesting. It's quite different. Hey kangaroos so maybe it's an Australian. Do they have houses like that in Australia? Is that like definitely not a typical Philippines house? To me that looks austrian if anything but I was gonna say Japanese but maybe I'm just and a chicken. Oh my god we run it. Yeah there are chickens here and they usually walk around the roads and stuff they just kind of don't care. Oh there's two more over there. So this is another one fully overgrown looks exactly like our house identical. This is the identical house to us and yeah I know somebody moved our house over here. They got a bigger yard but as you can see it's just fully overgrown so I don't know there should be a lot more houses for rent in this neighborhood. Ask me. And it's a good location so I'm you know what I mean like it's on divergent roads. Yeah if you have a car. Oh this is beautiful. This is beautiful. I like that. Yeah that's really nice. And again with a milleer. Oh my god I thought that was a goat furrow. No. The dog. Oh and we have people over here burning some leaves. Good way to get rid of mosquitoes. Yeah beautiful. Every time I see a fire I'm like oh unless unless it's a little crazy. And I'm like whoa okay hold on there a second. This is nice too. Yeah so there's some really really nice houses here. Oh this house is purple. Oh my. Okay for sure I'm for sure I've got my last. Yeah is that your kind of house? I don't even care like what the inside looks like. Oh there would be a story very here. Look at all the bottles. I guess we better go this way because we need to know. I always rich if I was extra rich okay because we want to build a house one day. But if I was extra rich I'd build another house that is just a pure meme. Like you would be like a Barbie castle. Oh remember that game of Thrones place you showed me? I would make like a tavern. I would just be stupid. I would be a mix of Barbie and like Lord of the Rings or something. Yeah. Alright so no I didn't see a story sorry down here just the kind of bottles. Oh and some dogs. Lots of plants though. Look at that. I don't see anything. I think there's like plant. I'm so familiar. Like that's the biggest thing. Is it just for like decoration? Or are they for sale? Yeah. Because either way like... It's like the pyramid thing. Right it's like you know when you have a hobby you go hardcore with it. Is that what that is? Or is it another thing? Kids are playing volleyball over here. Hello guys. Hello. I think they have the purple house by the way. I like your house. This is beautiful. Oh my god. And the other wall is just right over here. So this is the last end of the house. It's not a very big subdivision at all. Yeah you can see the wall is going over there. No I don't leave stone. Oh no those are in the wall. Yeah yeah we're inside still. And I know the thing you'll notice is a lot of people walk their dogs. And leashes here. They don't just let them run around. I like that. Yeah. I don't mind if they want to run around. These are good. They don't even bite me. You could do whatever you can do whatever. So this looks like somebody's made it into a garden. But another empty lot over here. Like little vines going on. Yeah. Hello. And I don't know if there's a lot of westerners living in here. I don't think I've seen any yet in the week we've been here. So I think it's mostly Filipinos. Yeah that's quite a big place. My goodness that's huge. And then the interesting stuff is over here at the gate. And they say interesting just slightly different. Well actually we didn't go the other way that was interesting. The chickens are literally everywhere in the cat. They have cats everywhere. What? Remember on the road? All those kittens are they? Oh you can do that on the way back. So this is an apartment building. And we have apartment buildings over here. They call it a part-tell. Two-story multiple apartments going on in there. And let's see what the name of it is. Ace Tech a part-tell. So that's inside the subdivision. And over here is a charitable foundation. But it never is open. But it's got USAAed and all that inside saying that they're all promoted. By them it's advocates for the prevention of protection against abuse and exploitation of children. But yeah see inside there USAAed and all that. But yeah I don't know. I don't know if it's Maybe it's because it's just a field office so they don't really see much action. Maybe we saw the same thing on Bork. Where the government candid as sponsoring a building or something. But I feel like it was just there for photo ops. And then after that like a week later it's now the building has been renamed and redone and now it's just like pension house. And it's like wait a minute. Did you guys just do that just to get the donation money? Hello. I don't know that's true or not but kind of looked that way. All right so this is the other apartment buildings that run down here actually I forgot there's another one after this. There's two of this. This is the row is like an apartment. And so yeah right now I don't see them. The chickens are usually like walking across the road here. Just hanging out yeah. I don't see them. Or the kittens. I think oh look at pretty dog. The kittens are in that one. Oh okay oh there's cat there. Oh the white kittens yeah yeah. Oh there's cats out lower. I want that white cat though it's blue eyes. Yeah they have cute white kittens in here. Yeah there's a lot of cats in this other apartment. Oh it's friendly though. You can tell. So this one is newer and the top floor isn't even finished yet. And I was even commenting like wow you imagine you could have just that is the part and then this thing is a giant balcony. It would be really nice. But yeah I think it's still being finished. I love the animals. I wish I could pet them but it's not allowed. You also don't. So this house straight ahead it looks you know like it's kept up enough it's not super overgrown but for some reason now nobody lives in it not for sale not for lease. So not sure what's up with that. All right it's pretty decent house doesn't have a gate but otherwise. And then our neighbors on the other side of us they got a heck of a house too. Yeah this one that looks like they're middle of building it or should yeah slowly finishing up maybe something like that. Oh it is empty. Oh yeah that's completely empty. So many empty ones. Yeah that's the crazy part about it it's like we could be making the money. But yeah that's such a beautiful house under a neighbor here. Slime Dunk. Hey where are your neighbors we just moved in. Wow. Wow too over too over. And then same with this house. This house is completely empty and just locked up and yeah. Or they're owned by minimalist so that literally he has. That don't even come home. Yeah I'm pretty sure or O-O-F-W is maybe and never know but yeah it's been locked up and come to say which ones are empty because maybe somebody will try breaking it. Well there's nothing in there to steal. But you know what I mean they might try to. So yeah here we are we're back at home there was a couple other side streets but that that is our neighborhood and we're enjoying this new location the house has been pretty good we really can't complain about much and we're very happy to be here so another year here in Iliuilo. Do you think you can handle one more year? I can now at this point now I'm gonna start learning along the kind of because I'm like oh we're gonna be leaving in six months so I'll just learn the basics now we're here for another year so get used to it. We uh figured out a little bit my own Gabby. What is it afternoons so it's not evening my own hat bone. Nice well done well done so there you are that's our little adventure this is our new house here in the Philippines we plan to have many many many adventures from this house moving on you know we're gonna still travel nonstop but we have our home base and we're kind of happy with it. All right guys thank you very much see you again bye bye so