 and we're off and today we're gonna go to Clavarian we're also gonna go pick up Renee since here's boy best friend boy piss bye y'all there's a couple of stuff that aren't allowed in CDO like that like what? bubble really? there are a lot of the city center cause traffic like this hmm we're in the Goulvern and having breakfast before we head to the mountains having my burger steak as usual christie's highway hot dogs and rice and Renee and chicken sandwich what? I was just gonna say that I wanted to get like a hot dog with a bun oh hot dogs sandwich but they give you rice meal I go run on this car it's a mile away from the car it's a mile away from the car sweet corn come sweet corn it's a bit loose hi guys so we are here at the second one and we're buying a corn delicious all right try mmm mmm it's good the cheese is very um critically tous that just looks like to Somali Somali? yeah I mean to Somali has like stuff inside of them but I think it's probably the same like corn meal right oh no it's not it's just cornbread it's cornbread it's so very corn yeah cornbread that we have doesn't taste like corn as much it's more like a dessert oh this is corn this is just like straight corn yeah cornbread delicious what um our cornbread and corn from our friend here just um in Wape? yeah it's our family family business they lend and we're going away it's so good it's so good it's so warm and soft and just corn it's so corn it's so corn it's like bird feet so hard oh no it's perfect mine here I look crazy like Alberta and Stine the bird place oh uh i notice it's so coldinse with warm water it's very cold empty and bad Why he kept on learning how to stop outside? Did I pick the dirt back? Come we have seen mine did, will it? We're going to the beach! JOOOOOO! It's so bumpy. Wooo! So steep. For my hunt. We're gonna go more. And our boat. Where's the pretty beach? It used to be a walk. That would be... It's bigger. So it's just high tide right now? In Sunday. Everybody goes out on Sundays? Oh. It's time I came here and was the Wednesday. Nobody here. What can you say about this beach? It's red. It's red. Well you're not allowed to catch that stuff. Yeah. When did that ship? Everything will change in the fire nation's attack. Oh my gosh that was so pretty! No. We don't see like this. Come on we're gonna see. Thank you so much. Look. Do you see? I found two. I found two. I'm gonna put the mixture. My name? I don't know. I'm gonna put the mixture. I don't know. Is that a fish? It's not fish anymore, ma'am. You put it on. No. You put it on. I'm gonna put it on. Oh my gosh. I'm gonna put it on. I'm gonna put it on. I'm gonna put it on. I'm gonna put it on. I'm gonna put it on. Yeah. There's a river. It's a river. I don't know. There's a river. There's a river. It's a river. It's a river. Yeah. Oh no. so many how many? I don't know I don't know I have to go to the hospital she said that don't include me in the video I might end up as your child go can you say no one? say no I'm looking for a dad when the parent comes don't be upset but we are. tell him we want to own this house I have to say鳶 she has sliced garlic you eat garlic just陈 I just eat garlic you don't have to eat garlic you two take a while to cook you want me to cook it fast goodbye We got finished at the beach not too long ago. It's very pretty. Those weekends collected so many shells. I'll have to do like a shell hot later. But on the way out, it was pretty tight. Yeah, and then there was this motorcycle that tried to reach over, coming towards us and scratched the car with a muffler and then sped off. So now there's a giant white gash almost out of the car that we have to get fixed. It's not too deep but it scratched the paint and now we have to get it repainted. Yeah, we're hoping that it doesn't cost too much. That's a really cool building. Only cow can you see that? It's a school. Really? That's so cute. Elementary school. Oh, what would show you want to do a school like that looks like playground. All elementary schools. I've noticed they're very open, very natural. So that your kids won't be the praise. Yeah, I grew up going to school in a giant brick. Cute, basically. Oh, yeah. Americans go to look like prisons. They literally put these in a big face. Yeah, it looks like they're going to be like prisons. Security. Oh, mind to the high-speed security. No, no, no, no. Security guards but it's just locked. That's why he meant that with the glass doors and then brick walls and the canteen all closed. Yeah, no grass. Well, I mean, we have like, we are big open like fields and stuff. Yeah, like a prison. Inside the, but here in the Philippines, even if you're on, even if you're in an elementary, you can skip from the glass anytime because you have a lot of just nature everywhere. Mankies. Back in the day when I was in high school, I would bring a green t-shirt. And then I would use that as a camouflage. Our principal would try, in the motorcycle, try to look for us or the other teachers to look for the trunks. Okay. And then I would hide in the bush and hide with my green shirt. And then the principal just standing right in front of me. And then just your own home. Wow. And I can hear him talking. But this is brats. That's so funny. They're able to do that. I don't think they can do that in the States. Why? Once you leave school grounds, you're, I don't think you're under school's responsibility. Why not? Over here in the Philippines, teachers are called the second parents. Yeah, that's really how it's ends. So yeah. No, it's completely different than the states. It's very separated. Like you're not supposed to follow any of your teachers on social media. What the? At all. You're not supposed to know them. Moring. You guys are very community oriented. Oh, no. There's no friend groups. Everybody was friends and everybody knew each other. That's how it was. Even the teachers. Yeah. The principal. Like a security guard. Everyone. You know them. Yeah, that's how it was earlier. I noticed with the kids, they were so friendly. And they all just, they all just grouped up together. They're like, oh look, there's people here. Let's go follow them. And then it was just a giant group of them following us around. It seems like it was fun. It would have been fun to grow up like that. Yeah, like unrestrained. It's no real danger for kids here. I don't know, following the ditch or something. That's a real danger. And now we're running to catch through the left spin of the sunset. We left a little bit later than we thought we would have. Yeah, we're going to link a side. Yep. We're going to link a side to talk to this family, I think, and talk to the sunset. Hopefully we make it there. Totally sail a little bit. We've been all day and it's been a lot of fun. I think it'll be a nice way to close it off and whatever. You know, I think it's a lot of fun driving through these more provincial areas. Because you can see like Filipino architecture and the modern stuff is different. This is more traditional. I think it's really pretty. I think it matches the scenery a lot. It's very natural, but it all just looks like it happened. Centennial houses. Some day. Yeah, we're getting built around now. It's so cool. It's so cool. It's so many plants and animals. And when we were at your family's house the other day for houses, I thought it was really cool. It was just like, it was like a lot with a bunch of houses on it. And then there were a bunch of like animals and then different areas to sit around. It was just super cute. Yeah, you don't need to be too fancy about it. It's pretty simple. Yeah, but it was nice. Ah, look at that wobbling ass like mungid. This was difficult to get through four words, and now we have to get through backwards. Because turns out it's a dead end. So we had a hard time getting out a little street earlier. And we just did it again. And we did back out again to Gerrong turn. But now we're going to be, we're going to catch this sunset hopefully. There it is. Wow, that's what I mean. Oh, sorry. It's okay. What do you think? It's pretty, but I missed it because of all the crap we've been through. We're just golden hour. We still see, we still see the color. We're in Thailand now. I'm going to sit there.