 Future Friday. Differishes. Buh! Max... Singer. What? In the Philippines. You guys keep sending us a bunch of performances, right? No idea I've never seen one of any... Anything from season 2 like in this game, the first time that we have a check out Bast Filipino singer in the channel. On the channel? In the... Where any... I think we have enough knowledge in the Filipino music industry to guess. I'm... Confident. And anyone who says so always... comes to us big eyes. Yeah. Anyways. I'm not Irish. Oh, that's easy. Yeah, I know who he is. Katrina Bellardi. Yeah! I love the song. Yeah, I'm out of show. It's also been like Nicki Minaj here. Yeah, it's easy. Katrina, bitch. Yeah. Katrina all round. It's either... Is she the Katrina or... I'm not even gonna give you another option. I'm very confident. Because... It gets smacked in the face. Yeah, I mean, I can only think of Katrina really. I just think that end of Anthony was just so... Yeah. One more tap. You said I'm not old age old. You wanna give me the gold world. Yeah. Katrina Bellardi. Oh, boss. Yeah, it is her. Let's go to the freaking reveal. I think so. I think so. Oh, if I'm wrong, I'll have milk on the channel. Right now, I'll have a glass of milk. Those are big words. A whole glass. A whole glass. See you through milk. I will do it. She's gorgeous. That's Katrina Bellardi. I have a lot of ladies. Come on. So, yeah. Yes. Yes! Let's go one, two, four, the team. Oh, hello. Oh, easy. This is Art of Mary. I made the right move. The bike. It is. It's so great. Come on. It's the place. It's the place. You're not. He's. What the fuck are? What the? But I'm telling you. It's Art of Mary without a doubt. It is. It's what everything is saying. I could. It was. What are we back in there? I think. Did that. Was that song a pack song with the ghost of candy floss? Is it candy floss? Oh, it's cotton candy. Cotton candy. Yeah. It literally sounds. Every song he sings, he sings. It always sounds like he's original work. What should I bet now? I will. Continue this big bed though. Yeah, I'll chuck the whole milk bottle I'm that confident I'm not a Just say as well who the fuck picks these outfits because I can think of about 25,000 other ways of disguising your identity without having to pretend to be a Chuchu train what is that? It's like that Chuchu train that series Alfred the train Oh, I'm a fucking dumbass. Thomas the train. Well Alfred Thomas Same thing different I'm actually high I think in a lot of singing phrases it'd be quite hard to figure him out But in his intro and his exits of singing phrases and he is sort of transitions to falsettos I think he's so easy to recognize. I don't know why the judges are like I wonder what puzzle this is but also I may not ask the producers of the show What the It is like a favorite dream. I'm literally wrong. I had a dream the other night where I kept speaking to horses And I could understand what they were saying to me, but also I was a dog Oh Fuck off it's definitely a scenario show me show me confirm my theory Yeah, there is Where is he shy Not shy, but he does are like what the fuck? Well, I will also be I will also be shy if I was wearing that Bro, I have no fucking clip Oh wow she could literally be anyone Oh, that does it Yes, because you say that every single time Well, here's a game we usually play when you guys know watching when we're less because we're gonna make up We listen to songs and then she's like who's this thing? Hence why this is kind of it's kind of fun Because we do this when we're not recording a lot of the time and we've learned a lot on how to recognize who's who So usually when I don't know who it is and I think what the fuck this could be anyone Usually seems to be never Let's get Jury's as well. I can't confuse it all the time I don't recognize the judges No, no, no, no it could be Regis as well Sharon Regis could it be Sharon no one the thing is they don't do pop man. I am saying this is Rosalem sticking to it Doesn't help Bro, I have no idea Yeah, but this doesn't help at all. I think he's actually fucking me out with me more Okay, I have no idea who it is, but that was a good performance Thank you for sending Yeah Thank you for getting the minute watching you told me Damn that was fucking hard J.O.S. the J.R. so much J.O. Brisply but how? J.A.'s in America Shots up is it J? What the fuck I know I know I know I know who is no I know who it is. Press play. I know Oh, it's one of the Buddha's Lads is Darrel yeah, this is probably that Darrel video that people were sending through Yeah, now I know now I definitely is Darrel but fucking out does it sound like J.O.R. the beginning when you don't know holy Wrong Sometimes Darrel as well sounds like Michael Yeah, we know and then because so it could be Michael I think that's why my cool is more Viby though. Yeah, but he might be putting it on but he might be putting it on the thing is though Darrel has a lot more vibrato at the end of his singing phrases because he's like at heart He's a balladier. You know who will be able to wreck you know how we'll be able to recognize if they just show their mouth Ah, because Darrel's modulations very tight and very small and that's a recent way they wear a full-on freaking headguid Yeah They sound like Darrel Is it your friend is it your friend who's his friend I would say Billy he's Supposing a Billy with a pillia I've seen enough I never close Lauren's you think it's Chris he said it no it could be well J.O.R. Chris or Darrel You're seeing a generate like J.R. and Chris Lawrence they would you know sort of leaders of R&B in the Philippines same as Billy Crawford They like they came out like in the same era, but we know he's not Billy because he's out there And Billy Billy is not as a purist in R&B. He is more of a performance R&B. He's more like your commercial Yeah, Chris Lawrence and Jay that would be quite hard. I think I'll be able to differentiate them though. I'll be able to pick them apart No, I gotta be strong. There I see Darrel But you see that on and on that was so Jay R-ish So many choices. Press play. What genius idea for sure. Why have I said I Oh That's Darrel Post is Darrel J.J. doesn't do those runs there. He would he would do them in the exit Yeah, he would go down to R&B. He would exit and play with the scale, but but I think Darrel likes to play in the balladay vocal Because he's a ballad hero. That's the similarity between him and Michael. So similar. Yeah, you only got the shit after you played his game No, you only understand it when you see no faces and you've heard both of their discography and their work and you're like yeah You know, you know, it's also mad as well if you look at him from the back with the hat and the chain it could literally be Chris Lawrence Michael J.R. Oud Darrel I'm sorry Even if you even if you even if you didn't know the hidden here their voice you could R&B Gays are like It'll be either of all four of them. I choose all four answers merging to one. Okay, that's right. Look I don't know who else was sort of involved in the show So obviously I think again, I think we have enough knowledge to kind of be able to play a bit of this And not all the time we do get them wrong a lot of the time when we're playing in our own time Yeah, I'm like guest the singer especially the older we go like early 2000s or late 90s and early 90s There's a lot of artists that we yet familiarize ourselves with but there's there will always be the one And you know which one it is forever like as soon as he plays like no, you know a cyclist who it is Anything general gives oh general keeps I recognize him in a fucking snap of a finger. Jaya so recognizable You know who actually sometimes get wrong Jimmy Bondok. I find him quite difficult to To pick off. I forget love his music though. I think he's cool But yeah, let us know what you guys thought about it Yeah, I hope you played along with us And they've already knew the answer. I hope he was entertaining enough. Let us know what else you like is to play next or check out next I'm goodbye