 Hi everyone! Thank you so much for clicking on today's video. Before you watch today's video, we just wanted to let you know that we have a pretty big announcement and it's going to be at the end of this video. So what we're saying is, make sure you watch the end because there is a big announcement and I think you're going to be quite excited about this one. Anyway, continue on with the video. Good morning guys! Welcome back to another video and welcome back to our channel, whether you've been here before or a adventure first time here. Good morning! Good morning! It is a lovely right morning here in Behal and it is our first day here. So some adventures probably happen and today we're just sitting down to have a breakfast this morning. It was kind of cool actually. They took our breakfast order yesterday so we didn't even have to like speak to anybody. We just got up, sit down, they bring your breakfast here for you so yeah I'm excited for that. Chris is wanting to watch the UFC this morning. Yeah, I don't think I've actually talked about this in the vlog before but I huge traffic. You have sea farm and you have people around you have sea farms. Would you like to use sea farms? We're going to sit down and have some breakfast and try to stream the UFC. If you're interested in the UFC if you're a farm, drop comment below. Let me know who is your favorite fighter. Yes, thank you. I went for the good old American breakfast. Chris is nice and healthy with his oatmeal over there. And we are ready to go guys. Ready to hit the road. Got ourselves a little bike for today so we're going to jump on that skit ride. I think we're going to explore Panglao Island today. First priority though is we have to go and get ourselves a memory card because ours just broke last night. Again, it's happened with so many of our memory cards. Yeah, the little plastic bit broke off our memory card for our big camera last night which was so annoying so we're on the hunt this morning to try and get it replaced. So let's just jump on and see if we can go find one and then we're going to explore. Is it bent? How long is that already? Thank you. Thank you. Oh, perfect. Thank you so much. Yay, we got ourselves a memory card. It's very happy that we got that sorted. Now we're going to jump on to the bike. And yeah, make a wave down to not really sure if we're just going to drive around Panglao Island. I think I just kind of see the beaches just kind of enjoy the drive and looking forward to the drive. I think it's going to be really really nice. And then there's actually some really cool kids that I would like to go to as well. So we'll see what happens on the drive. It's an absolutely gorgeous day here in Behold. The sun is just shining. So let's hit the roof. So we have just arrived at Henang, Henang, Daanman, Kiev. Not the easiest to pronounce. There is a beach down here I believe on the Kiev school. It's pretty cool for taking pictures. So we're going to head down yet some cool footage. See what this place is like and hopefully get some packs. This looks like a serious hole. I'm actually a little bit afraid. I didn't think it was going to be like this. I thought it was like just kind of like an arch on the beach that led in a little bit. I didn't think it was like straight down into the ground. Okay, let's go to the birds flat out of it too. So it could be back. I'll put my sheeds on. Okay, it's a bird flies in my face because it can't see. What's your head? You get a cool head. What we want here is because you look bad. So you put your hands in the ball with it. It's a bird. Oh yeah? Yeah. I've seen my head in the ball. It's really hot and sweaty. I'm so sweaty because it's quite small space and it's quite busy. So there's lots of people here. But it's really cool. We're trying to take a couple of pictures. Try into in the dark. But yeah, I'm loving it so far. It's pretty cool. I'm a little bit sad because I'm scared of the UK too. All right guys, time to move on. I am so hot. It's really, really clamming for this. It was so warm in there. Yeah, that was really cool. Hopefully we got some pictures that might work. If we did, we'll enter them right now into the video. And yeah, let's jump back on the bike and hit some ass. Not sure where. We're off to try and catch some guys. We held it, falling off. Oh! So we made it guys to the Alona Beach area. There's a lot going on here. So we're going to find some food because we're so hungry. Having an evening all day. Kind of parking here wasn't a bit of a task. Very difficult. We helped pull them. I think we're allowed to park there. But yeah, we're going to eat some food on them. We're going to take this road. We don't really know where it goes. But hopefully we can get down to the beach to get some sunset. Hopefully we can park down there and set there and watch it. All right, let's go get food. The drive here guys. The drive was so nice. Just driving through the trees. It's freezing. And it was such a nice day. And yeah, it's so green. It's so green. It's really green. It was just such a nice drive. One of our favorite things to do is just rent a bike and just go on for a drive. It's just the best thing. We will probably buy ourselves a bike. At some point. That would be cool. Let's go get some food. Let's eat. Yeah. Tears had to go first on the well though because they had no renours. This is good stuff though. It is so warm guys. So an ice cold here. Just watching. Definitely over here. Now we're just people watching. We didn't know the current is thing right. This audio is probably not the best. We are on the little camera but and we weren't sure. We were thinking about going to another restaurant down there called Shagga, which we have heard a few guys say and they like. But we just let it rip apart across the road from this place we thought it looks cool. At least we can kind of people watch. Much, much everybody going past. So we'll call in here. It's actually I think a German place it's called Hellmott's which is kind of cool. Kind of like a like a biker kind of am vape going on. Kulu. And now I'm sure if we're going to order fit here or go back to Shagga, but drinks for night. We're staying at in action to get some pegs. We are just chilling here trying to get some coup pegs like we always do in the vlogs guys. Just trying to capture the culture here which is what we love doing. It's certainly having a beer and it's cool that we can actually do it while sitting here. Would you agree? Yes, this is our favorite part of this. This is literally like the best spot for it. I mean there is a lot of traffic here but still a lot of people, a lot of pictures, a lot of possible picture opportunities. So we do get some, they'll be included somewhere right here at the vlog. We did mention this in our last livestream about our previous video for going before that. We were in Saboo and taking pictures of just the area and trying to tell a story of the culture in the area. Seed to say that there was a few people in the comments who weren't happy with some of the pictures that we took, but hope it's checking at this thing. We weren't happy with a few of the pictures we took because they said we were trying to represent the Philippines in a negative way but taking pictures of homeless people or there was a picture of like five or six girls walking across the road with Jay walking sign on the background which I actually didn't notice at the time but now that I do notice it, I think it makes the bag even cooler but yeah I mean it doesn't bother us, everybody's entitled to their opinion like they said but that's what we do. I think most of you guys like it and it's literally just what's going on so anything more to add. No I think you said that pretty much sums up everything you heard. I think it's so rough. Oh my goodness. I think we're just going to finish this vlog here guys because we're probably going to get some food and by the time we finish it's probably going to be dark. I'm being also just realized why when setting here the sun actually sets on the other side. Yes where we couldn't park so we may as the friend bigger than I would for tomorrow night or whenever the next night is we try to catch sunset so apologies for that. But anyway thank you so much for joining us on our first day in the whole. We had a really really good day just getting the bike and quarter-line and exploring. It's just the best thing to do. It really is. It's so different because we've been in the setting last like a couple of weeks then from Manila to Sabur even in Iluilu we were in the time and we didn't get to explore. It's been really nice and kind of refreshing to get back to the kind of more tropical island vibe and being able to stick around and yeah just cool. Also I probably look really small here because this seat is smaller. Look at it. Hopefully you enjoyed the few pictures that we got along the way. I think we got few so if they're if they're good last note we'll try even more in the next one to get a better. Almost but not quite. Anyway guys hopefully enjoy this one if you did give that big thumbs up. Drop us a follow on Instagram too because our stories are literally on the go every day and we try to post as often as we can on all three of our contacts. They're all link below. Is that everything? That's everything just if you're new around here make sure and hit that subscribe button for almost at 20k. Are you excited? Yes crazy crazy. We will try and include that in the video with the numbers of bypass. We're like we're going to buy. It is it's kind of crazy and that's thanks to you guys so once again thanks for all the support we really do appreciate it. Okay let's grab this up. As we always say guys take it easy. Don't be a stranger. Bye guys. Well we're back again. You made it. Hopefully hopefully you enjoyed that video guys. I know you have reached the time where we're going to let you know about the announcement that we talked about at the start. Yes I'm guessing that's why you're here so if you've made it to the end thank you so much for joining us. We do have something to let you know. Some of you may already know about this from another couple on here traveling around the Philippines. Yes okay so on August 31st that is approximately one week from now away. I think when this video was up one week maybe not even maybe a little less. Yes August 31st we will be joining Lois and James aka Lee Lovey at their meetup in Manila. So they planned this a little further ahead and they were discussing that we've been chatting back and forth and they thought well we're going to be a Manila at the same time. So why don't you not join us? Some of you thought I mean why not? We're going to be back there anyway probably making videos and exploring Manila once again and we thought yeah why not? It would be a good opportunity to get to meet some of you guys. Hopefully if you can make it just chat with you and hopefully get the know you a little bit more. I'll also get the know those guys. We'll probably meet them before we do the meetup but yeah we've been chatting and we haven't actually got to meet them so yeah kind of a meeting great all around. But it's very exciting. We're so excited to do this with them and as they said in their video too it's kind of an experience that we get to share together because we're both doing the same thing here in the Philippines. So we're very excited. We hope that some of you can make it. I'm not sure if we have no idea. No idea. I know it's a little bit late and we're kind of late to the party. We're kind of like the tagging along. We're like tag along to Lois and James's meetup. We have no idea how many guys that watch are actually from vanilla or would be actually able to make it. So we thought we'll let you know and then we wanted to ask you what if you are from vanilla if you do want a common chat with us and chat with Lois and James and what time should we do it. We're kind of thinking like 11 or 12 kind of midday but we obviously have no idea. So if you want to drop in the comments below what time would sit or if you're able to come would you like to come would you like to meet us all what time would sit fast. We'll actually put a poll on our community tab as well. I will probably be talking about an online stream between them. Yeah I mean we still need to give you like the full details of when exactly it's happening. I'm sure exactly it's happening so far we're thinking BGC, the Sandro BGC. The Sandro BGC. But once we have those details confirmed we'll of course let you know. Yes, anyway this is getting really long. Is it? Okay, it's already been long. Anyway, yeah hopefully as we're excited guys let us know again in the comments about time zone whether you'll be able to make it whether you're looking forward to possibly meeting us and chat and then being in the vlog. Yeah just come along just come along and say hi even if it's just for like five minutes let us know that you are submitting those specific settings. All right we will see you in the next one. See you!