 Hey guys welcome back to the channel, welcome back to yet another beautiful video if you are stopping on this amazing and energetic channel for the first time you're totally on the right channel. You might want to consider hitting on that subscribe button to join the family and if you're returning to the subscriber you are highly appreciated right? So guys until this episode of reaction I brought to you another beautiful amazing singer a Filipino singer. You guys you guys you guys the Philippines how do you guys do this? Like I keep asking you guys you guys are filled with lots of talents that country is so blessed. I feel like there's nobody in that country that cannot think I know I know I know even do there is for a few people right? They do so good. So I brought to you guys another personalities right? We are going to be checking them out today right? So let's go see what they have for first today and I'll react during and after the video see you guys when you're doing watching. I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say it again. That voice, oh my gosh. That voice, oh my gosh. Get over this scale It's almost all right Why did P nellasy make this? We're playing A sanction of confidence have been Protestant responding nelle it's was was This is a Goliath geith I love it nice and so on Never be impugnated, I'll be the town Yeah, you always say here We are Oh, never be impugnated, I'll be the town I'm a human being, please, help me I'm a human being, please, help me Guys, here The Philippines, how do you guys do this? I'm asking for the last time You guys are simply amazing He sung this effortlessly, he sung as if he wasn't really singing but he was singing And his friend can sing equally, guys Good You guys are simply the best, your voices are amazing That country, I just can't know where to visit that country because what? What? This was a beautiful watch, guys I'm super happy I came across this His voice sounded so calm and so chilled You guys are simply the best Shout out to you guys, the Philippines I appreciate you guys a lot, right? Let me know what you think about this video on the comment section, right? I'll see you guys in my next video, don't forget to subscribe to this channel for amazing video rights See you guys in my next video