 We were brought in there We were taken to you So creamy boys found a way out At the moment he's been jumping over the wall here We're going to need to raise his warp on the inside It's perfectly high enough on the outside It's just from the inside Has to path the cream takes to jump out There he is He's uh He's doing something with his bamboo He's on watch out at the moment it's cream So cookie and cream are out and about Going for a bit of a walk They're getting on a little bit better But still having some brotherly quarrels And it's nice to be back in the province Back home A great time at Clankham, Ireland Definitely would recommend going We may get together with all the neighbours And we may do something As this road hasn't officially been adopted by Omox city But it doesn't stop us developing it Making it a concrete road To be better for everybody Let's just check our mailbox, yes we have a mailbox And you believe It's quite useful as believe it or not you do get post in the Philippines still And it's empty No junk mail So we have received in the past cards letters from family And I've always wanted a post box Something at the end of the garden At the end of the house You can check every day It's a nice feeling Feels very old fashioned Very nice I see a bum I see a bum Hello Mr Cookie You okay? Goodbye Cookie So it's about as first birthday tomorrow We're not her first birthday But her first birthday here in the Philippines And Jane is going to make her a cake There's lots of cakes you can buy in the Philippines But it's tradition for Jane to make a cake And it's about a really once one Who you You can win I love the tighteryss I really Don't As the cakes and the Philippines from the shops they have too much sugar They're not always nice but James homemade cakes They're always good You can buy a lot in the shops here, there's lots of choices Colly locks, red ribbon Our favourite Elena, a big shop But I didn't know There's something like a homemade cake James got all the ingredients here Easy to find out if you need Got some sugar Got some chocolate and some pitco Hasnt' been processed yet But that will be happening very soon Got some eggs, some cream, some salt We have even more chocolate Coco powder Coco powder Yeah, chocolate powder And you enjoy doing this, James? Yeah, but it's very tempting You know when you're making it and you smell the nice smell And oh, gone hell-bucked We left last year just after a birthday This is going to be the first birthday she said about it She said in the Philippines Ah, the company has been here already Wow It's gone so quickly Incredible really, how time goes But then we have achieved quite a lot We finished the house Mostly And we're living in it We've been in it for many months now For over six months We got to the Philippines, it was so much to do But we enjoyed every step of it Was it stressful? No It really wasn't The move was really quite simple for us Wasn't a lot of stress at all We loved it We took to the challenge Who knew this is what we wanted And it's the very ones to be for the rest of our lives So it was very easy No stress at all It was actually quite fun to finish the house To choose all the furnishings All the decorations To sit and come together a bit by bit It was fantastic And we're here now We're here now We're here finally We're a bit of time Everything We're here That's on Toby. Hey. Oh no. Let's go. Who's the one? Who's the one? Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. So this is about the birthday today. We're going to go up the mountain and she has a surprise party. She doesn't know any of this yet. So we should prepare her cake for her now. Before we go. Okay. Okay. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. I'm videos. 50 today. Yay. 50? You saw me. I'm not good at this. Is that right? Yes. Yes. The chocolate butter. Oh my sorry. It's nice. It's nice. Yeah. This is what her cousin made for her. Designed the banner. Last is a banner. I don't know who that is. I don't know who that is. Ginger. Ginger for the colour. Is it tasty? My heart. Wait, wait, wait. We're getting the lamp up on her. My heart. My heart. Where is your bread? Where is your bread, is it? Where is your bread? Oh, fly. I don't know what you're doing. I'm going to take a bite. I'm going to take a bite. I'm going to eat it. It's all right. It's convenient. We might need to borrow you. We got rats at the house. You want to go and travel? We don't like that idea. It's off. Oh my God. I am rich. She gave me 100 fish. No, no. I'm rich. I am rich. That's what I'm talking about. I'm spending a little bit of our scambly. So, Lolo is giving her some money. Isabella is now giving it back to the family to Lolo for ice candy. I think we need to teach her a bit about money management. Now she's 14 years old. Oh, but she bought me one. Maybe. But no, seriously, Isabella now is at an age where she needs to know a bit more about the world. Especially money management. As you might remember, we made a bamboo piggy bank for her. But we're going to teach her a lot more about how to do things in the world. Now she's at a certain age. We're going to take a bit of a walk around. It means to come in. There's the coconut tree. It's dwarf. And Lolo is great. Oh, it comes to the vein. Here it comes. So, let's get in for it gets really heavy. So, it's raining. But it's quite as well. It's getting brighter. The more the rain, the quieter it gets. I think it's raining less for too long. Yay! Happy birthday! Happy birthday! Happy birthday! Happy birthday! It's been a long time since we first ate. It's been a long time since we first ate. Well, let's forget it. That's sweet so our fish. No, no. Lots of sweet and sour. They normally eat fish, but you like that one? Yeah. Chicken golden blur. Yeah, it has cheese. And we will drink all of this home. I think I can eat a lot today. I'm so happy. Cut in now. Your first is a garah, you said? Wow! Your spectral wishes on your birthday. Good enough. I don't know for how long? A spoke. I think spoke probably. spoke. I think I spoke four times. I think I spoke four times. I don't know. I don't know. I'll have that last. It's a bit like I get to spend a bit of time with lots of our family in the Philippines. Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to Bella! Birthday! You can eat. No, you're... can we take a picture? Where is your phone? I can tell you the number of the numbers that I'm going to use. Let's get it going to the cake. It's already blown up. It's nice up here. It's really nice and relaxing. Really peaceful. Fresh air. What's the nature? Family. It's a great day. Hope is a better memory than this birthday. It's a shame my family from the UK couldn't be with us. But hopefully one day soon they'll be able to come and visit. And we'll be together. I would love for them to come and see a place like this. Where everyone's happy, no matter what. It might have been so much, so you're having a good time. You're happy here. And as long as you have your health, you have your family. That's what you need. It's nice to be here.