 So beautiful. Oh shoot, mix me, mix traveling. How does this work again? I don't know, I forgot. Oh, what's up Philippines? Welcome to a long overdue reaction video guys. I have been in a hospital, I had surgery, so we had to take a break, health is worth. We didn't do any reaction videos, but we are back with an absolute banger. But before we get started guys, I'm Mike. We have travel food and lifestyle blogger's base in the beautiful city of Makati here in Metro Manila. The Philippines. And we bring you some travel vibes, food videos on our main channel. If you want to check that out, the link that it will pop up right here. But here on this reaction channel, we tried to share good vibes by reacting to videos that you guys send us. Nelly, what are we reacting to today? Okay, we got flooded with messages on our Instagrams of the new ad of the tourism board of the Philippines. It's called Wake Up in the Philippines. I'm very excited. But before we get started on this huge, huge, huge thank you for subscribing to our channel. We reached 100k. Thank you so much. We didn't even have the opportunity to talk to you guys since then, because Mike had his surgery. And now we are already at, I think, kind of 6 or so. Wow, wow, wow, thank you, thank you, thank you so much. By the way, guys, if you want to know what happened, why I had to go in for surgery, Nelly will link the playlist. Here. Alright, let's do this. Let's go back to reactions. Yuri, Yuri, are you? I want to go scuba diving here. Ah, wow, boy. The tennis. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. You do this, everyone. It's time to start the day. So let's go to the pool. Oh, I missed it. Oh, it feels like crying. So beautiful. Oh, shoot, mix me, mix traveling. Yeah. I was traveling. Couldn't have made this ad longer. I wasn't drawing this so much. Yeah, wow, oh my God. The thing is, yesterday, I watched a video of a friend who was currently, who was in French Polynesia and just the adventure that he shared, was so stunning that I started scrolling through my Instagram and watched rewatching videos of ours. Oh, my God, I missed traveling. Oh, wow. Crazy thing, I think we've visited every location that was featured in that video. Probably, yeah. So we're really, really blessed. I miss being on the road. Yeah, so we know it's really tough to, you know, be stuck at home. It is currently in day 218. Wow. So it's been a while since we really traveled. But we tried to kind of explore little things in our neighborhood here. It was nice. Yeah. Capters busy. Capters excited, same. And yeah, wow. Well, that ad is really, really good. Very well done. Super high quality. And quite emotional without putting in too many emotions, it makes you feel very emotional. It makes me very, very emotional about this country. Yeah, I think that's one thing with Ad here in the Philippines. They just bring out the sentiment. We're like, yes, I just can relate. I think it's because of the pandemic right now that people watch this and they're like, wow. And I think this one got over a million clicks or something or four million clicks. Wow. Guys, let us know in the comments down below when all this is over. What is the first destination you want to visit in the Philippines? Comment down below right now. I really want to know what the answer is. What is it for you? It's so hard to say. I don't want to get stranded again somewhere. So I'd pick something that I can drive home from. That's nearby. If I could go anywhere right now, I've got to bathanas. Yeah. Bathanas. All right. It's a special place. Yeah. Yeah, that was it for today. Short one, but nice one. I believe. Did you enjoy the video? Give it a thumbs up. If you know around here, subscribe. If you want to support us. Hit the notification bell. And we'll see you guys next time on... What's up Philippines? Bye-bye. Bye-bye.