 What's good y'all? It's a dumber shirt, Sria and Rebecca with another video who we got today see. Today we're back with another American reaction. Super excited about this video. If you knew who us and who you make sure you scroll down hit that subscribe button and turn on the post notification bell cause we're on the road to 200k and we cannot get there without you guys. Alright join the family without further ado. Let's get into the video. Michael got started off as a fishing settlement with finally grew my gritting here from Bad Agree and Bennery public in the 19th century and all mouth from 1962 says it all as his population swelled and the land ran out they moved onto the water. The people of Marco Co have been under huge pressure in the last few years due to rising value of land. We are the having interest of the government to demolish the community. Save our time. Now the first time they came that was 2000. The government gave us every two hour and it was just a wrap with a dozen of them. And they came in with their police and the station. So the message is so the next thing command to my dad is shut into this. They shop some of our people today. So we have to do body to government. The government is a lot of work. We go to all of us and they say it's for the loss and there's nothing to do about it. Just right now we have the people from the government. They're trying to send food to the water from look at them. They're trying to do that. They say they want to build a house like those houses are naked and it's beautiful. And if the government tried to do something like that, like that's it. The people here would not have the opportunity to stay here because they don't have the money to buy from the government. That means the government is giving it to the people. Gentrification of realistic projects are threatening their right to live in the area. They have been living in the last six decades. There are some feeling this area in the want to build loggerge realistic, obviously for the elites. I wonder what's going to happen to this guy. There's a man that came from the government. I don't know his interest in business and other. He tried to talk to their others and they called it something like that. The plan was I said they wanted to send food to the whole Makoko. Yeah. Then the people said no. But locals rumored they are more than 200,000 people, 75% on the 20 years old. It is hard to tell the current population size here because no official sensors have been carried out and the bad rate is at an all-time high which is introducing a growing yet starving population. The population here is young people. Can see between the age of like seven all the way to 20. Very few questions. Why is that? I've seen less old people. Almost every woman that I have seen here is pregnant. Is it like people are giving beds here at a high rate? The reason is we are not rich by money but we need to be rich by children. So you don't have to worry about that before. You need to have children. So if you are not rich by money you are rich by children. So which means if you are like 15 to 10 you are rich. Now do you compare that to tangible like purchasing power? My use of them go outside to work now. They go outside to work. Yes, that's what I heard from them. They can bring in more money. Do you guys have like a hospital where people get sick here? Where do you go to? We don't have those. We have my attendants. We just had somebody just get back to the twins. So let's just go take a look at the baby. Wow. They are all like the passengers. We have two mother here. They are two different mothers. Yes. Where is the baby here? It's the mother. It's not here. Can you just get back to the child now? Just right now. Yeah, just right now. She said that, baby. She said, yes, good. I've done it. How many do you have now? She said five. Five children. So this one is the fifth one. Yeah, you have to be after the body. There's the fifth one. Yes. How many more are you looking to have? She was saying the same thing. Yes, I said and they did this. So they don't want to give birth to our mom on Sunday. We don't want to do this. We want to do this. Where is the father? The father has gone for fishing. What does she do for work? As a fisherman. Fishing. Yeah, when the husband come back for the fish, then she will have to be doing to strengthen the fish and think it's in the end. For some reason. Like what she was trying to say that, like, didn't need bed. You need a bed. So you can't show guys. They are still sleeping on hardwood. There's no hardwood, but they need somewhere to sleep. Try that. Take care of your baby. He's going to feed you. He's going to feed you. He's going to feed you. He's going to feed you. Okay. Makoko is sometimes referred to as the Venice of Africa all into its waterways. And the environment is like Venice. People fly all over the world to get to Venice. Yeah. They don't eat it anyway. And this is just beautiful. But the water looks nothing close to that of Venice. This black light looking water is a lot of things that people live in here. It serves as a sewage dome, body water, swimming pool, and sometimes cooking water. The fact that this water has poop inside is just, oh my god, look how cute it's swimming here. How about that has poop inside you? Like, yes, let's poop in there. And yeah, this is how they put the swimming song where that has poop. This is not the first time. This is leaving me when I was trying. Yeah, this is the first time. Leaving me when I was trying to do jumping sight. So what has changed now? Right now I do go outside of the bridge to swim. Yeah, everything goes straight. It's in the water, the sheets, everything. Everything goes straight. That's what they want. So the person that put the sheet inside of your ego see what it's doing. They say they just pass on that, the sheets and come out from the other side. So this water, really, if you buy for this water? Yes. And I say warm me something like poop, moe, or just to give water to Gari and poop too. This water? Yes. But it's in there. I was like, look, what like that's here? Oh boy, I do that. You know that's it for your eyes? Yes. They make me. So you think it's not that poop? Do you see it? Yes. In the back, it's like the sheet inside. Yes, yes. You don't get any water to use. I will not use water. No one that type for this major sickness here. So you guys have like a central refuge and don't wear all your trash, all your dents, all your everything goes to before we have a government look-o-boots that comes out and pick this trash. But since the community is having a problem with the governments, so right now... They don't come again. They don't come again. I made this man from America who is trying to plant seaweed to clean the water. That's the mixture, sir. If you have to move about, you're ready. He told me you came all the way from the states, right here. So I want to really understand, because I am in Nigerian. I live not too far away, but I cannot come here to stay for not even a day. And I, you know, here for what, three months? What is the motivation? Why do you choose to leave your country? Come here and leave with this guys right here at Mako-Ko. Beautiful people. Just wonderful people. They just make some help with their food and why is it getting their utilities going. I've always wanted to help people, you know, need it to help. It sounded like I could help with growing food and fish and showing the people a new way maybe growing plants. It's a good guy right there. And so, and that's what I do in the US. I grow plants and fish. Wow. I like that. I like his motives. That's commendable. Yeah. That is commendable right there. And you can tell he's been up three months. The people are comfortable with him being there. And that's my thing is like, okay, you see the people's living condition. You may not like the people's living condition. I'm speaking of the government. Yeah. But that don't mean to just push them out. Where are these people going to go? Help them. You know, and I know, I know this is a census of topic. And I know some people may not like me saying that. But this is the truth. Where are the people going to go? Help them. If this is the only home they have known, help them structure in a way that is more suitable, you know, with the water system and everything. No, no, no. Saying the water. Now, 100%. Because this gentleman didn't have to do what he's doing. But he heard about the conditions and he made an effort to come out here and stay and then take all his knowledge and his teachings and pour it back into the community, to these people because if anybody needed, they're going to need it the most. See, sometimes I will give them what we were learning in life. Isn't for I was surrounding. That's right. The people around the world can really benefit from it. And I felt like he did a very, very good job by stepping out of his comfort zone. Yes, so we all have purposes and talents and gifts and seasons went to use it. Definitely so. That's important. One thing that he said was that he want to teach the people how to do it. Nobody on this earth are ever, look, I can't speak clearly about it. But I'm going to say people don't need handouts. They need to show them the way. What's that old quote, man? You can't give a man fish. You got to teach him how to fish. Right. I mean, this is as simple as that. You teach him how to fish. You're going to fish for days and feed the rest of everybody else. Right. And so we have seen the people. It was some type of ceremony that they was doing. I don't know. And they had food and we even saw them go out to fish deeper in the water. So like these people, they're hard working people. They know how to survive. You know, just teach them a better way. Yeah. You know, of how the manage was going on there. Steep it in lens. It was just a vibe living here. Why not it but an island or something? Once you love people, you can live anywhere. Like you like those about relationships. It is. When you care about people and they care about you, you can sleep on a cot. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter where you sleep. I don't want to lie. Imagine if it's in the Quran. We were in it. Each accommodition is in the house. Now, eight, ten people. What the guy said in the book was real. Like the gentleman in the blue shirt do set a mouthful. Life is about relationships. One can be replaced. A good person cannot. I'm loving what I'm seeing. And the hype is in teach. Our rental property is here. So this is your house, sir? This is my house. So how much do you pay for rent, sir? I don't need to pay for rent. I'm a son-in-law man. I got into a car. You need to pay. So you are living rent free? Yeah, living free. What was the average rent for other people? Last 3000 par mox. The highest one is 5000. If you were going to put this list for rent, how much would somebody have to pay per month to stay here? 110,000 years, sir. So I know if you can show us what you stay right now. Yeah. Should we go take a look at it? Somebody's coming here from outside of Nigeria. They're coming here to help others. Any money I pay or put into it, I know goes to the school. Yeah, the school, that's what it is. Somebody doesn't have a job. I gladly pay rent. Everything's new. This is not even a month. The whole building's not even a month old. They're catching water off the roof and going into that tank. Right now people will take their boat to a well, pay money to have the mud water. We get the water and then they have to buy bottle water. If they get so much rain a year, all they have to do is catch it. And they've got all the water they need and they say it's money. Yeah. When you're so poor, you don't have time to think about this. You're just trying to figure out how to get food for the day. Oh, love is served. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm not saying I heard it. I'm not saying I heard it. You don't have time to think about this. You're just trying to figure out how to get food for the day. This was $60. I understand. So what he said is when you don't have a lot going on for your stuff in life and you at the bottom of the bottoms, you don't actually think about, okay, no, no, no, no, I'll catch you. Yeah, I said, hold on baby, because of her. I've been at the bottom before and I became crafty. Genius. Okay. Over night became very crafty. I know how to make everything from scratch. Can build things from scratch. You become crafty. It really, really builds up your mentality. Like, you know, that they get all the sense like when you're back as it gets the ropes, like, what are you going to do to get off? And sometimes people already have that mentality to do whatever they got to do with as early as, early as possible to get what they got to get done. Yeah, maybe they just didn't know that before, you know? Yeah. Other tub system that we're building, the metal, take care of it. That's not inside there. But it really, you know, really, and this is what I call the missionary room. And this is Solomon Solomon's. Hi Solomon. Help me on every single project. Is this the element in order? So it keeps going out of trouble. It keeps on going with you? Yeah. That's my band. Oh wow. And so this is your workstation, right? Yeah. You know, I teach school from there. I teach, I have US students. I teach there. You teach there? This dude is amazing. Right here. Yeah. And you can, you can, you can, you can see how the, what do you want to do is down there. Right. This is the solar system. Can't charge a small set of things. So this is coming in everything. But the plan is to put a door right here in the next couple of days. Have a walkway and outside. And then there'll be a fish tank here with a lot of fish. So I'm trying to introduce growing plants to Makoko. They can grow their own tomatoes and cucumbers and peppers. And it's just one more thing they have. And it'll turn the place green. I think it won't look like a slum if you have green. If you get some green in the water. The plants save our lives. We don't really appreciate it. Tywo is the principal of local school and the son to the head of the community. He took me to his school and further reached the reach of the importance of education and how it helped him. But when we talk about Makoko, we're talking about land and water. 90% of the people in the water, they don't go to school. So this school is sort of like a reason for them to go to school. That's why we have to name the school. That's our solution. It's really hard for the children to like speak in an education. Why not think about what's the name of your school? Do you know about my school? It's part of the solution. It's our family school. What class are you in? I'm 35. What's your favorite subject? Business. I'm taking a lesson. In this corner we have three-round data. It's five children. So what the tuition fee like? The spirit point. Coming here to a community just makes me personally grateful for how I grew up. We also have a no-fantite. Yeah, some of the children's sleeping. Mentioning. I sleep here on the mattress like this. Yeah, the sleep on it. They don't have like a duvet cover or something. Yeah, some of them use most alternate. The major sickness is high for them, Malia. So how many kids can sleep in this place now? We have a transformer of them. 21 kids sleep here. So this is a kitchen, this is real cooking. Yeah, this is like a toilet. Like a kitchen, they can see food. Yes, I can't even look at that. Here, look how big I can. We are using here for class for now. Because we don't have a no-score in this. So I think if we can try to get like benches on this for them. How many chairs and how many benches do you need? 20. 20 of them. Yeah, 10 of them. So each of them is how much? 15,000. We're so rough. So now, if they want to learn, this is the end of the course. This is the end of the course. If you're feeling like kid, and you want to drop your two cents, I'll put a link in the description. And then we're going to raise some money and then give it to him. Yeah, we go see some. What is that? So what class? Yeah, the dark. 33. Is this everybody in your class? No. Where are the other people? Some of them are like setting on what they have to do on our asses, apparently. Some of them have to move by boots. Move around and look for where to set their sales. Yeah, I think they do. They do. Matty Matty. Who likes Matty here? All right, the two of those we should learn Matty will be successful. They like. Do you share your school? No. They have a lot of them at home. At that time, Mama did their boots in the tavern. That was actually doing the interschool. So she wants to go to school? Yeah. I thought I had to come to motion, it's actually a robot. We need to talk to our people. Right. So let me press your nose, your business. What can you sell? Yeah, I'm going to get a job. What can you sell to me for $8,000? You give them $1,000 in what of products? Yeah, this is a schoolboat. So why is it called that? During when you see them, we have to use that to cover. So that when you're not able to get to children. So this looks like a normal schoolboat? Yeah. It goes around picking up the kids. It goes around picking the kids to school. School of kids. This is a play that I've already played at football. And this is where we get our drinking water from. What? The drinking water from my mix. So I'm still walking on the pipe. So this goes dark into the ground? Yeah, dark into the ground. This is already on water. Like how deep do you need to go in there to get good drinking? Yes, we need to use pipe. Like we use pipes. So far, it only seems like, and I know there's other adults. And younger adults out there that's helping around. But it seems like it's only him and that gentleman who's really hands on with getting this operation to keep functioning. Because he's talking about other things that he's got this hands on. For instance, this is why I heard it for the water. You know what I'm saying? But it would be nice if you had more help. You know what I'm saying? Well, I would hope that he does. But then again, this is, he's telling the story. And he's the son of the chief. So he's probably, you know, he knows all of the operation of what's going on. Yeah, I'm pretty sure everybody got their hands on something. But I'm saying like just, like I'm so much to really get the ball rolling. And again, they've been doing this for a while. As you can see the development. You know, I'm saying the kids are happy. They're still running around. They're able to play football. You know, I'm saying so. But at the end of the day, it's like that help is always going to be a little more. Yeah. And testify. I believe, um, what we had saw earlier this year about Mekonos Island, I believe it's called. That was earlier this year. And that man wasn't even there. Oh, yeah, yeah. It was. It was. I mean, yeah, look at the space that we're looking at here. No, he just got there. They just say, yeah, three months. Okay. So, you know, and I'm sure other people know about what was going on there too. So, you know, they probably have help here and there. Yeah, and I'm pretty sure they do. And I want to give a shout out to everybody who have their roles, they play. Yeah. And helping out around. But I'm just saying from experience from what I'm seeing. From what you've seen. He's expressing. Yeah. So, get that friend off me. I mean, we saw, look, you really stayed top high end for the 1% of the 1% and coming here just makes me very humble. Cause you guys keep telling me, hey, Steven, you have to go to places where an ordinary Nigerian will leave. And that's what I like the motivation. I got to make this video almost instantly. All right. Give me the shout once again. I appreciate thank you for sponsoring videos. And I love you guys to travel until a very beautiful story. Like this one, our body will go into a bar. You should, you drink. Yeah, I'll take some. You drink as well? Small. Yeah, this is the bar where people catch fun on water. So, this is the matter. They want to be barbed. Then we visited this part too before. We had one of the most muck-o-poo places on water. But, you know, we can, like how many people come here to drink? More than 100, 200 people, 300. They come here to catch fun. Those people here are the comments. We have that financial enablement to afford to buy gear here. Because, you mentioned some of them make $30,000 a month. Like that, no, you will not have money for them to come and have fun. Because, in most of them, they don't have multiple months to like have fun. They're mostly doing it on just common take. They want to go to a car or just an insult. Most of them, they don't even have the money to cash to come. And the more they can make up to $40,000. I was born and grown up here. Do you see yourself at some point living in this community? When somewhere else living like one day, I was still living there? So, people here, normally, they're living there because of the official activities. Yeah. Because, as strengths, the community. Yeah. So, do you guys have, like, your own police, your own security? We don't have police around here. We have some others out there, walk together like my dad. Right, the good old days, don't think? We don't support the two process and make a peace. It's very peaceful. Like you see, you see a white guy living here. And I have some of them coming to stay here. Did they use internet? No, I like that he mentioned that. He said, we have the elders that's policing. And then, let's start policing what is, you know, cupping people. They literally say, hey, you shouldn't do that. Now, you know your mom would go and try to be sure she's fine that you're here doing it. Like, we really have elders on the cohort just really watching over the environment in the community. I like that. I like that. It's happening in Nigeria. I did a way that you can actually do it. It's just the useful. Right here, you can get white, but I get this 4G from here. Yeah, 4G from here. So, how, how constant is the electricity? It's not stable. And the, how many, how many hours can you get electricity for? Two to three hours. Two to three hours, it's the hour to 24 hours. Yes. So, there are many 22 hours in darkness. Yeah, in darkness. So, it's really dark at night. Well, we'll just try to come out and get out of the way. I think do you feel people here are happy? Are they happy? Look at them. Yeah, they're happy. They're happy to check them. Yeah. Yeah. Even with all the difficulties and hardships, after spending the whole day here, I realized this people living here at the happiest I have ever seen. They're very welcoming to people that visit, except for this group of guys that tried to threaten me at the entrance. They said it would take me in my cameras if I don't bribe them. They're very content, but just need basic amenities. They work a lot. They're very happy to have a man who has failed to provide them. I've had several years of work to do. They're working to the locals here. They seem to be very hardworking, ready to do anything that brings in money. What are the top three businesses right here at Marco Kodai? A lot of people do. First is fishing. That's the strength of the community. We have the men have to go out for fishing. Then the wife have to be at home. So, when they come back home with the fish, they give it to the wife. They just look at the fish. They have to go to the market for some reason. This is a frozen fish. That means they have to go to the mainland to get it. You know, some of them, their husband is known to fishing, and they have to go and buy fish from outside. Then they have to go and do it and smoke it and take it to the mainland to soak. So, there's something like 200 or 100 nil. So, how much does she make in one? She makes business. A lot of people try to smoke like 200. That's one thousand. One cut on this 500. How many cut on the fish do they leave in one? That's making almost 30,000. 30,000. Man, this thing is... Spokking in my eyes. This is good for it. How is she able to sting the people in my eyes? Look at my eyes. Not so much in my eyes. Damn. I'm already tearing up. I'm... So, where's the room? Where's the follow-on? That's it. This is it. Where does she sit? Where does she sit? Where does she sit? She's sleeping here. Here? Yes. How many people stay in this house? One, two, three, four. They say they have about six of them. How many kids have she had? She said four of them that's the split right here. This place? Yes. She said she's selfish. It's like one of this, like this is 500. It's one of them when they live around for them. That means before two or one they come back. Yeah. Like someone like me and I go at night sometimes. Oh, right. I visit them quite often. Most of the women, they have to go by their boots, moving around to look for, to buy their stuff from them. What did they say? Can you call one of them for me? This is so good. They have a... Mute, Miminda, Tim and... How much is this? 300 Nm. That's drinking water. They have to go by boots to get it. Yeah. This is the impression water. Oh, okay. So they load this up. So this is the one they drink. Yeah. Yeah, this is the one they drink. Why doesn't it look so clean, but okay. Do these... Do people... Okay, say people have time for tea as well, huh? Yeah, Malibu. Malibu has time for... That's a major sickness here. This is Edgeson Saddam. Yeah. Do you have the hairdresser's? So, come on man. Let's do bags and... All kind of bags. What's the average income here? How much do you use? An average person here makes any more? Sometimes, 30, sometimes 40. We have people that make up to like 50,000. The most. That's 50 dollars. We even have people that make more than 50,000. You can't say anybody making it 100,000. No, that's too much. Even me myself, I don't make up to that one. Yeah, you sometimes can make more than one to say. That's a lot to buy. You go jackpot, everybody just... What on? How do you be? How do you come here? How do you know they chop life? Most of them here, they don't go to the lunch. They just stay here on the water. They just stay here on the water. Like, if you're a mama, like when you come back home with them. They're mama, right? What do you do? You give the fish to your wife. Your wife will be the one to take it to the main lunch. So you have the fish and they just have to be at home. They're men and women's and strip. Their schools, pharmacies, market clinics, restaurants, churches, school, mock shops. They've got street names like any other city. Like this street now, what's your name? This is Kichui. Kichui, that's Gakichui. It's a little around there. It's a little bit more than that. This express is... Ballet to win. Ballet to win. Ballet to win. This is the atelin express that takes you to land. So this is a typical traffic jam. Where you have too many boats, but you can't pass. So this is... This is traffic right here. So you can't move all the boats out of us. So you need somebody to come and... Now I try everywhere. So these guys here are making this boat that we are on right now. So they just go meet them. How profitable this business is? They want to have it not for a year. Yeah, it's a thousand years. So how many boats are there today? Two boats. Two boats this one. And this. How old are you? So obvious. This is supposed to be in school. They said they would wait two hours to be come back to land. This is it. Yes. This is where it's take. This is your house? Yes, this is ours. This is like this is your place, huh? Yeah, this is. I don't know, you get it now. This is my house. This is your living room. Yes, I'm here. We have a flat screen TV. This is the room. You got it, you get it? How do you pay rent here in this place? This way doesn't pay rent. How many kids are there? How many kids are there? Three kids. So when you're born all these children, I get them with them. They are the people. Yeah, yeah. Who owns the shop? She has shows. How long are we running this business? Three years now. Three years now. It's very profitable. She said she could not work. She's not moving the width supposed to. So how many customers can she get in a month? So right now it's really difficult to get like focused on my mods. And on average, how much does she charge for something like this? Like I say, even most of the people, you know, when they come to make the eye, you tell them this is the money they need to pay. Some of them start paying it. And some say, no, I don't have such a month. Like this woman now, she has been talking to the woman. She needs to pay $1,500. No, she said no. She's paying it's on the other side. It's not just to get her head down. Yes. That's less than $1. What do you think the government can do to really like improve this neighborhood right here? The Makoko. They would have to bring in utilities. Yeah, I mean, they, they, that's the big question right here. Which electricity and water. And that's, that's basic needs for any society. Yeah, so I think they need to recognize Makoko as a city. And then begin to provide services. I'm 60 years old. And when I was a kid, they said, eat every bit of food on your plate because there's people hungry in Africa. My whole life, that stuck with me. Nobody ever talked about what are you going to do about it? So finally, I feel like I can help. You go, Mr. Just make Makoko a toast. Since then. Yes, toast that fraction. What's the common visits, I think? Then you have something about it. What's happened? Yeah, the musicals, what's happened? Just something about the guaranteed. Yeah, that means they have to build the houses on what time and where that's people coming from. That's it. Yeah, we're going to stop right there. It is say rich versus poor. Yeah. I don't know if that's a part. Twitter this video. But I definitely, we've definitely seen this side of, I believe it's called, what, co co? Yeah, it was a little bit more detailed. Yeah, it's more detailed with this video about audio going through and how they're developing and it's still a tutors day. And I mean, if you even look around like how to have certain set of shops already, you know, they got people making boats, people selling homes, people are still in salines and like the ladies even doing their part, you know what I'm saying? So it's still a beautiful site, but yes, still a tough one to really take in because often you see someone in this condition by the miles living like this on water. But this is their home. And driving at that. Yeah, this is their home. They've made the best of it. This is the only home that they know. So I don't think it would be beneficial for them to kick the people out. No, nothing that they just need to develop the place, you know? Yeah. Okay, I want to bring it up, but it's been so long so the effects is kind of blurred. Yeah, but there are places around the world that survive. What is it the Philippines? It's not like they have no, so in Asia. It's just like this. It's the sufficient village. Yeah, yeah. And these are, this is a profession. You know, to go out there and be in there with a fish, maybe I don't know the fish. I don't. I mean, you would be on the hook and I'll be a there a fish and you know, I'm saying. I know. I know. We gotta figure that out. We going to go in there with the net. But that's a profession. So the children being able to go out there with their parents, cast that net. We've seen them fish before. So that that's skills, you know, they need electricity. Because the first thing I was thinking about was solar. Solar panels. But then I was thinking about, okay, so what are they going to hook it up to? But there are some, like, what is it called? The flashlights and there's some, we have it. It's solar lights where the light, the electricity gets generated from the sun. And then nighttime, people are moving nonstop as you can see. So it's going to stay on because of sensory. Yeah, it's flash light too. Like, so while back, we since I very first went to storm. So did. And we was without electricity for extended amount of time. And that just caused us a surprise. We're used to hurricanes. We're used to surviving that way. We were just ill prepared. Yeah. Because they didn't warn us how bad it would get. Are they still white, black, ice? Yeah. And our, what do you call it? Dang it. Our electricity across our state was hit. That by, or in this area. Anyway. So we had, now we're more prepared. We have the solar things. We have all of these things. And now, and I feel like if they had that, like on top of their homes and even like for electricity. Yeah. You know, that would help them. Like definitely would. All you need is some of them. You need batteries, even on boats. Even on boats. Yeah. So, but definitely with the utilities. This is hard to just go deeper, deeper with all of the things that they have like the water. But again, you can't judge people just because you live differently. No, 100%. You got to keep the judgments out of minimum because you got to basically, right? Yeah. Yeah. But we are going to leave all of their information that he has under his video and our video as well. So that if you are able to help, you can. Yeah. All right. So we hope you guys enjoyed this video with us. Be sure to subscribe for season. Peace.