 Okay, we're having another history lesson about the Philippines. Welcome to... What's up Philippines! Hi guys, I'm Mike and I'm Nelly. We do travel, food and lifestyle vlogger based here in Makarti city. I've been living here for a year, charging for this beautiful country for the past three years. I'd love to react to videos that you guys recommend to us. Yes, we started doing reaction videos during our quarantine days and it brightens up our mood. I was in a rather tired mood today and I was not feeling very motivated. Then I switched on the video and I was already super super excited. So if you enjoy our videos make sure to subscribe. We want to hit 100k. Hopefully soon and bring you some smiles and hopefully you enjoy these videos. The smartest we do. Yes. So what are we directing to today? How powerful are the Philippines? Is the Philippines? Okay, I wonder how you do your estimation. What's your thoughts before we watch the video? Before we watch the video, I honestly don't know. I haven't read myself into the whole military for what I know that I think there are a lot of soldiers in the Philippines. We've met a lot of amazing soldiers at checkpoints throughout the country. I guess pretty powerful. We also met a lot of people from the Coast Guard and the Navy. And during synologue we saw there was a military truck of just soldiers being part of the parade and we saw the people reacting to the military and I was really really amazed how people celebrate their soldiers. So let's get into the video. Since 2012 the Philippines and China have gone head-to-head over the ownership of the Spratley Islands in the South China Sea. These islands are important stop-over points along nautical shipping lines and both countries have bolstered their navies in preparation for a fight over these territories. Recently a Chinese Coast Guard vessel even reportedly used a water cannon on a Philippine fishing boat for operating in the disputed region. This got us thinking could the Philippines actually defend itself against China? How powerful is the Philippines? Well, the Philippines has a geographically powerful position both militarily and economically. Since the nation is essentially a collection of large and small islands it has no shared land borders. This gives them a defensive edge against any possible attacks. Also the Philippines happens to be almost exactly at the center of trade routes between many other large nations namely China, Japan, and Australia. Okay. I really like the intro. It gives me a very good overview of what's the situation, what's the, how do you say? Not the problem but what's the what's the weak point? What could be the weak point and how is it handled? So I'm going to be informed in a very short second. In addition to a profitable trade industry the Philippines has a strong agricultural sector and they are leading producers of coconuts, rice, and pineapples. They also have a growing retail and customer service industry with about 53 percent employed in the field. Companies in tele... And also business service sectors. Yes. Very strong. A lot that the country with the most growing most growing in that industry. Sorry. The communications, hospitality, and food services are growing fast. Although the Philippines isn't nearly as wealthy as some of its neighbors, the country is known for its rapid economic growth and has been called an up-and-coming Asian tiger. With the GDP of $272 billion, the Philippines could soon rival the bustling economies of Singapore and Malaysia. The Philippines... This is something that I did not know as a fact. It was just something that I felt. This is already the, for us the Philippines feels like a rising star and seeing it from a far and a specific perspective. We did not know so much about the Philippines but living here. We learned a lot. Also through our reaction channel here, a lot about the history. So really good. It has a huge population with more than 100 million citizens. That's as if three times the population of Canada was stuffed inside the state of Arizona. The nation's capital Manila alone has almost 13 million residents making it one of the largest mega cities on the planet. One of the most popular Filipino citizens is Manipackia. Pacquiao grew up in poverty but went on to become a boxing icon and a dominating force in pop culture, politics, and other sports. Although around 25% of the population still lives in poverty, Pacquiao is a huge source of inspiration for many Filipinos. His upcoming fight against Floyd Mayweather is expected to captivate the entire country. Millions of fans will be tuning in and rooting for Pacquiao and what's being called the fight of the century. In fact, the crime rate of the Philippines has been known to drop significantly during his boxing matches. Fun fact about the Philippines. The Philippines has a significant military, reportedly 220,000 active front line personnel. But their equipment remains outdated. Globally, the country's military ranks 40th in the world. Compared to China with more than two million active soldiers and the second highest rate of expenditures on defense in the world. How big is the Austrian army? I think it's like 20 people. I read some way that the Chinese army is one of the biggest employers worldwide. I said one of them. The Department of Defense in the US is the largest employer. Worldwide. But it's then the Indian Army and the Chinese Army and Walmart are then like the runner-up. The Philippine army appears lacking. However, the Philippines has a secret weapon, the United States. The two countries have had friendly diplomatic and economic relations since World War II and in 2014, both signed an enhanced defense cooperation agreement. If China chooses to attack the Philippines over the Spratly Islands, the US will step in. Therefore, by association, the Philippines is a moderately powerful nation and it has a promising economic future. If you want to find out more about Manipackiao, his big fight on May 2nd and more about his political role in the country, check out this video from our friends at TYT Sports. What do you expect them to see from Manipackiao in this fight? Obviously, the first thing you're going to see is his speed. You know, his hands beat. Everyone loves and talks about Manipackiao's hands beat. But the thing that I noticed the most is his footwork, incredible footwork, creating angles while punching. Thanks for watching Test2. We'll see you tomorrow. Really cool video. Cool video, but I feel like I want to know more. I feel like I just got a glimpse of information, but there's so much more to that. So, if you have any recommendations to help us with this in this matter, please send us a message on Instagram at Nelly's Life Underland. And I'm making it up vlog. But I'm sorry, I'm not talking anymore. Okay, sorry. Yes. Yes. So, that's a message. We go reaction recommendation if you know a good video that goes a little bit deeper into this topic. Yeah, I'd also it would interest me like what kind of equipment do they have here in the Philippines? Fighter jets, which ones and tanks and so on. Here's another fun fact about Austria. All men in Austria have to go to the Army or civil service when they turn 18. There's only an exception if you like in the midst of going to university or if you just started a new job, they make exceptions and you can push it up for one or two years. But there's no getting out for one year. And we asked you but only men. Women don't have to, but all men have to do it. And they pay you a little very little. Very little. It's so little. It's like a year of no income in Austria. That's quite interesting. I'm not getting rid of that. I don't know. And there's also before you serve, you have to go for a medical examination where they you know test everything. And they have a thing it's called Klieger Talklich, which means you are healthy and fit enough to become a pilot. So everybody strives to become that, to have like because then you get to pick where you go in the army, which is nice. And then there's something it's called Untalklich, which means you're not suitable for the army in general and then you don't have to go. And my brother was not suitable and all his friends were coming out. They're like, yeah, pilot, pilot. And he's like, yeah, I don't have to go because he can't hear some high frequencies. So yeah, I had to go. Mike was peeling potatoes in a cage. I won't just peel potatoes. I served my country. All right, guys, if you enjoyed this video, be sure to give it a thumbs up. Also, head on over to Instagram, making it happen blogging. That is that gives us a follow shoot as a message. We post a lot of fun stories from our lives here in the Philippines. And if you want to see some travel food and lifestyle vibes, head on over to making it happen blog. For now, we'll say goodbye and we'll see you next time. No, tomorrow. Fun. What's up Philippines? Bye bye.