 It's huge. It's really huge. Wow. Wow. Wow. What a house. What's up Philippines? What is up guys? Welcome to a brand new reaction video. My name is Mike. And I'm Nelly. We travel food and lifestyle vlogger space here in the beautiful country of the Philippines. Nelly, what are we reacting to today? Today we're reacting to an architect's home here in the Philippines. And this is very interesting for us because we have already seen another architect's house which is Slater Yang and Crazy Uys House. Never made it on this channel because the file was corrupted and we had some issues. So sorry. But we really love seeing that house and we just announced on our main channel that we want to build a house here in the Philippines. I don't think it's going to be a big one. I think it's more going towards a tiny home away from home. It's going to be a tiny home in the province. Yes. So if you want to see our announcement video of that, we'll do a pop-up here. By the way, it's not popping up on my chin when Nelly points. It's popping up on my chin. Yeah. And we just want to get some inspiration and see what other people are doing here. Just see. You know, I'm just interested in architecture as well. So... We're curious about an architect's house. Alright, so let's try to make it good. Right? Let's make good. Okay, here we go. Click. You have the music. Oh, we had that in our boxes. Yeah, we used to do that. Wow. Holy moly. Look at that. Nice time. Oh snap. That looks awesome. I would like to go today, please. Look at the news. Up on the month. Doesn't it look like a tie? I have no idea. Hello. Welcome. Welcome to our first... The... This is the creative studio and I am Carla Penia. My name is Argatek Paul Penia. And we will be doing vlogs and we'll be touring new houses. We'll be going there. But first is... What's the name of the place? The name of Jim. Jim Baton. I mean, I'm going to get a bit of a escape. Jim in the wellness center. But the real story behind the fitness escape is it's actually my thesis project during college. So I want to show case that architecture can also affect the lives of the users. Our fourth design is high and residential houses. So what we do is we try to design houses in such a way that it makes you feel that you are not in the city. A house should be a place where you escape, where you have a penis, you experience, relax, atmosphere. So that's why escape comes into play. For the business of the urban life, the house should be a place. So they can escape from all the problems that you encounter every day. Nice lines, this morning. Oh, the way. So, we get to... I don't know. The people who are on really the client's physical, well-being and relationship plan. So we want the house where in Imon, Umalis. So, the perfect chef or quiet team, right? The most of the people find their refuge and their relax places in their house. The most important thing is the rest house. The rest house, in their own home. A house should be a place where you relax. Oh, I want to go there. I want to go there. That's why we want you to move to the province to just have a little garden and a little sacred area with children. Papi Cue and... Seek refuge, we want to get out of the city. We do interior architecture construction and we focus in green architecture as well. So when will you start? We will get there. So, focus on the interior. So, when you enter the village, what do you want to see? You're welcome. You can see here. You can see here. Well, in interior, actually, people are getting a common mistake. The house is very high. The furniture or the pieces of the furniture are very high. So, for example, this is where we live. Then our land, our painting. Because our eyes, we want to see the garden. So, if you are happy, you will see the furniture. You don't have to look at it. So, you accentuate the house ceiling if you have big pieces of furniture as well so that the house is more spacious. When you enter the house, it's also a place where you can see the new condo because it's also very high. Look, right? It's like you can see the space. Because the ice wall, it tricks you, right? It gives you more of a visual sense, right? It gives you more sense that you can see the street. Lots of art, huh? It opens up the space so much more when it's high ceilings. We put walls in our house, our house, the house, the house. Actually, the problem is in interior, because we can see the world of the world of the world. The problem is when you paint. Because it's not that. The specific ocean waves, the house in the job site, when you know the world, you can see the world of the world. It's like a house in the house of the people. So, it's not that you can see the world of the world. It's not that. But the problem is that once you paint the light, it's so hard to perfect that clean and smooth. It's a very calming atmosphere with the wood. There's a room, a color, a mix of the grey, and the white. Even though there's a lot of stuff in there, it doesn't make your uncomfy. It's still light. It doesn't look messy, it's very cozy. So, it'll be a concept now, man, as a designer. So, a concept now, it's Asian industrial design. So, when you see Asian industrial, that's not what you're going to be. Basically, Asian, we focus a lot of natural elements. And when you see industrial, that comes in your modern design. The use of steel, the use of bold colors, dark colors. Yeah, yeah, you know. Basically, we blend those two together. And then, we came up with something like this, right? Pour the neutral and then we strike the colors through the furniture. Nice accent, Che. It's very kind of with the autumn. This is part of the outdoors of the house. So, what do you think of this? Two bags. It's too big, it's too full. Unfortunately, we don't have to swim here. So, explain what we're doing. So, part of Asian industrial, the design of the design we're going to be doing. We always use a lot of water in the house. Why? It's a purpose of water. Of course, water, it's a softened environment. And of course, water also, it lowers the temperature. Especially, it blends the sunlight and the sun. In a way, it dissipates the heat. Interesting. And also, one more thing, the sound of water, it creates a relaxing, natural environment for the summer users. I think we feel very comfortable around water. The proven fact that people love to be surrounded by big, big bodies of water. Wow. I think it's enough to just have the courage to hang up such huge hot. How is it, if you notice? View, what is the view? So, what do you think? You can't go up high on the roof. Wow. The house is a nice place. Before, we didn't want to go up high on the roof. Because I'm really tired. I'm going to go to the construction cost. Of course, it's more expensive to build a cliff versus a flat. I think this is the case in the sense that the roof is a lot more expensive. There are different buildings in the flat, and the slope is a lot. So, the advantage of building a flat, of course, is the most important in the construction cost. But in building a slope, the slope is more expensive than the slope. But you can really play and add more floors to the building. That's not the case in the slope. It's more expensive than the slope. It's a quiet room for helpers. You can see the view. So, you know, the advantage of building a cliff is a lot. So, explain the construction and the layout. That's the kind of wood that I want to know. The wood that I want to know. The wood that I want to know. The concept of construction is Asian industrial. So, from the word industrial itself, it simply means that you use a lot of steel, concrete, and other unfinished materials. And then you turn it into something that is a part of the design of the house. So, example, this is one. And if you can zoom in, it's very... ...you have to have a look at it. So, this is the North Conquination. It has to be really complex for the residential design. You always see this design. So, high-rise buildings, more warehouse, more industrial structures. Here, we put it as part of the structural component of the house. At the same time, the architectural piece, isn't it? It's a lot of work. Arté, jump right. So, it's not a few vertical concrete columns. You know what I'm interested in, right? You know what I'm interested in, but at least once you highlight this, you'll see it again. It's something interesting. It's not interesting. It's interesting, right? It's interesting, right? It's interesting, right? It's interesting, right? It's interesting. What's interesting? If you would notice, the house is very big. So, it serves as a support thread. It's also a nice divide up for that small look. It's huge. It's really huge. I wonder what the morale could do with this. There's enough surface on the top of the house. Explain the architectural feature in the house. So, you can see this here. This is tiles. Then you can see the tables here. Then you can see the ceiling. At the same time, you can see the view. If you're not afraid of heights, you can't see the ceiling. So, what about the purpose? We have to see the tables. Rather than looking at tiles all the way. It's simply an access to natural deterrent. For your guests. Obviously, there are no guests who can see the tables. So, there's no one who can see the ceiling. It's just like you. Of course, it's just like you. It's also nice that it's a glass. It needs a lot of cleaning. Everything is rounder, fine. It's really nice. Explain the room. The room is the home of the house. It's a home of the house. The house of the house is a brand new. It's a simple gap. Basically, for any house, you need a home of the house. Why? Because it's online. It's online. It's not a physical office. It's also important. If you have an extra space for a house. You have a personal space for your office, for your business, for your work needs. So, that's the home of the house. It's open. It's a cordon door. You can see the fish here. Feed them. It's very common. We'll bring the stress levels down. But I also like that it's, although it's dark, mostly dark furniture, it looks bright. There's a lot of natural light coming in. Full front window. It's a lot of stone. And a lot of different types of stone. There are yellowish, whiteish. Whiteish? Whiteish, whiteish. It's a white effect. But it depends on the color of the stone. It's a translucent stone. So, if you put light on the ceiling, it will be an effect. It's a soft light. So, we're going to have to have an accent. I also like how they spotlight the art. Nice to meet you. Nice. It's from Polyform. Italian branch. And this countertop is decked on. It's the highest and most expensive stone. Because even if you're chopped, this is the least. Or you're not breaking it. And even inept. But because of the expensive, you're helping. It's a very clean design. I like it a lot. It's a very clean design. I like it a lot. It's a very nice feature. Wow. Wow. The only thing that I would do different is get like same containers for the herbs and... Wow, it closes by itself. We're going to have a table. Wow. We have some coffee machine. Wow. Special. We have a lot of tables. This is where we get our accessories. We have a lot of space. We have a lot of space. So, you can follow them on Instagram. Do I need to put it? Do I need to put it? Do I need to put it? Do I need to put it? Check the plates. So, we can see the plates. I'll put it there. I'll put it there. So, you're not going to put it there. That's a bright flowers. Let's see. Wow. Wow. Wow. I don't know why you're wearing it. Wow. That's very unique. One side of the flower. There's no flower. There's no flower. I'm going to put it there. I'm going to put it there. Okay, that's what I guess. Yes, true. Cleaning must be intense with that. So, yes. The things that make work. That's nice. They're actually connected to balcony. Like the terrace sections. That's very end of the little biosphere. The house, which is... Oh, a part 2. We've got to check that out. If you want us to react to the part 2 of this, we'll let us know in the comments down below. Wow. What a house. Crazy. Does anybody know where this house is located? Please let us know in the comments down below. Also, if you two are watching, we would like to come and visit you. So, I'm going to check out your house because it's beautiful. It's beautiful. Really, really amazing. Yeah. Well, blown away. Guys, if you enjoyed this video, be sure to give it a thumbs up. Subscribe if you knew. In the description, you'll find a link where you can send us video recommendations that we should react to. And also the link to our Bible group. And to that being said, we'll see you guys tomorrow on What's Up Philippines? Bye-bye.