 They see me rolling, they hate it, but it's all in your tiny... Oh my god! What's up? I am 100% Full of peanuts! I yai yai yai! On the vlog, this is like a two-part vlog. This vlog could be a bit all over the place, because we've got a bit footage from the other day when I went to play golf in the Philippines with my candy. Grace. But yet today is just an ordinary day here in Kaisal City. Beautiful view from the hotel. So I think that's another shopping centre. I actually think it's Germany is another shopping centre. But do like, comment, subscribe. We are just about to get achieved. Um, of course, you can't actually get a dental appointment in the UK. So we're going to do that before we head home, though. We're going home, Grace. Going back to the UK. Back to the winter. But don't worry, the vlogs will continue. When we're there, Grace just needs to vlog more. It won't be me. It would be Grace. Just leaving the hotel. It's actually quite nice, remember, today. It has been rainy for the last couple of days. But it seems to just be quite cloudy. Warm as always. It's only ever warm, isn't it here? Just warm. I am warm. It's the same temperature. I don't know how people feel about, you know, it's nice having different seasons. I don't know if I could just deal with just constantly. I kind of like, the dogs just cross the gorg that actually cross in the road properly to using the crossing. Which I feel like the dogs here are quite intellect. But you know what's going on. It's been my home for like the last two weeks, shopping centres. So I mean, I also think it's actually quite cool about the Philippines. All of these, not really cool. Just all of these cool centres. This is actually crazy. Because people speak English so well here. So obviously these companies from America just employing people from here. Which is pretty crazy. And it's completely the other side of the world. Didn't you used to have a call centre job? Yeah. You read that? That's my first proper job. English year-in? This is sexy. Turn out, turn out, I'll turn. Imagine it. This was my 10th-day profile picture. Teeth, um. All good. They look way. Only me would go straight away to the coffee shop after getting my teeth done. This is what we call a million dollar smile. What do you have to do, Deflon? Well, actually, I have the rest of the day. I am going to go. I've got some work to do for back home. Because obviously I can't take a long day like some people. So I'm going to grab the work. And you can do stop. I can actually still hear the noise of them cleaning my teeth. Eeeeee. It's just painful. I feel like I have a climatised now. I'm drinking hot coffee while it's hot outside. I don't need ice coffee. Just hot coffee. The only way forward. I am 100%. Full of peanuts. Just back at the vertisinal. This view. I'm going to miss this view. Maybe we've been staying here for how long? About two weeks in this hotel. If you are coming, traveling to this area. I do recommend this hotel. It's actually really good. Like, because we've stayed it a long time. The breakfast is very, very good. To be fair, I've only just had the same breakfast for the last two weeks. Bacon, fried eggs. We're going to be sad. We're leaving on that day. So you're going to go see your friends today. You're going to leave me in charge. And I'm going to talk to you guys through the previous day where we went to play golf. Where I experienced golf in the Philippines. I play golf every single weekend in the UK. And mostly around Europe. I'm a bit of a golf snob. So experiencing it in the Philippines was quite an experience. What's your problem? This is fun. Do you want to drive? Oh no. I don't have too much on talking to the camera footage from when we played golf because I was actually feeling with some content for my work as I work in the golf industry. Price I paid, I think it was 1,700 pesos. So it's a tiny bit more expensive if you're foreign and then you pay 500 on top of that for a caddy plus the tip and also 800 on top for the buggy. You can see golf being quite pricey, especially for people in this country I feel like it's quite an exclusive sport where it actually is in Europe. You can see from the shorts I was loving it. I was loving playing golf feeling like I'm letting the city in the fresh air. Yay! It's so slow! Oh my! Mum, baby! There he is, the legend's Michael. They see me rolling, they hate it and I'm a troll. Oh my God! Hi! I feel my gusson so I'm slightly caddy, slash a buggy. Sorry. Ta-da! Like, begin our time. I'm a golf somewhere here in the Philippines. So we're here in veterans, memorial, golf golf house. So, you're Michael! Yeah, go, go, go! Michael! Wave! Ha-ha-ha-ha! I'm not going to stand here. We're going to stay here, no problem. Sorry. We're going to stay over here, no problem. I'm going to have a look. I'm going to have a look. I'm going to have a look. We're going to have a look. Yes. So, I think we're going to have a look. About a few days left here in the Philippines. And then we're heading back to you. So we're going to have a look at the ball and the castle. We're going to have a look. And we're going to have a look. Anyway, I think it's enjoying it so far. It's not that long, but we're going to have a look. Push. It's a snowy snow. Support. What? Eight iron. Oh, yeah. Go. All right. Hey. Oh, nice shot. Oh, wow! Good job. Good job. You're much muscle. Oh. You're much gym. Oh. Oh. They're ended there. The whole experience playing golf in the Philippines. I loved it. The caddy was so nice. Also, I met a couple of people playing golf and joined them for the last couple of holes. They were absolutely lovely. I hope you guys did enjoy this. And it's like what we're both doing here. And I'm really happy I've got to try my hobby in a new country and my experience, I will give it 10 out of 10. I really did enjoy it. I just, because you know, it's so different from being in the city. You know, there's a lot of pollution, a lot of noise and traffic. It just felt a nice, I felt like a bit of nice calm for a second. But do leave a like, comment, subscribe. There hopefully be two more videos before we go home. And yeah, see you guys in the next video. Bye.