 When Filipino crowds really do exceed expectations. Now honestly, let's just think about this. I mean, we already know that they are incredible singers and they are incredibly nice people. So with that, I guarantee they're incredible supporters as many of my supporters as well are from the Philippines and they're just absolutely incredible. I mean, I couldn't ask for any better. This is just amazing. And they're all over the world, right? I have subscribers from Saudi Arabia, from all parts of Asia, from India. And I love them. You're seeing every one of you, regardless of where you're from. I mean, with that being said, I'm excited for this. Genuinely excited for this because, man, people have said lots about Filipino crowds. And so please, let's check this out together. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. And this is for Ariana Grande, bro. Let's go. Imagine being there. One republic in Manila. Whatever, whatever note you picked, keep that note, please. OK, here we go. Two, three. Two, three. Two, three. What was the three notes? Here we go. It's too late to apologize when you said it. It's too late to apologize when you said it. Oh, he filled the goose bumps. Too late to apologize, yeah. That's just amazing. You said it. Oh, my god. This is blackpink, yeah. It's even like muffling. That's how loud blinks. Oh, my god. I love you so much. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. And with me, when you feel like me, I'm with you. And with me, you're just me, but why? I'm with you. And with me, when the light turns to the fire, through knowing and losing, trying on what is to be. Ah. I will be. That is actually soul, so, man. Oh, my god. I will be. To ask your problems, didn't you? To all the leads who want to live, maybe we didn't dare. is Pew for free acquitation Pay for Lite Pew for Lite Pew for Lite Pew for Lite Pew for Lite Pew for Lite Pew for Lite Pew for Lite Pew for Lite Pew for Lite Pew for Lite Pew for Lite Pew for Lite It's just all about the music man you know. I'm the one who made me cry. I'll be the other after the day it's end. I'll still be home and we'll get back in. And all those things I'm for the same. I'm not fucking like son, I'm sick. I'm out of control. Dude look at this crowd man. So this is like a volleyball match and they're singing the crowd. Remember even video doesn't do it justice imagine being there. This is volleyball too right? Yeah. Man. I feel like even in video it will never do it enough justice. The video I feel like still does show at least to an extent how incredible these audiences can really be. And how intertwined they really are into these type of things you know into music and whatever it might be like they're really into it. And honestly I think that it's just perfect that they're way more into it than you know any other type of audience. And I find it honestly beautiful. One of the most beautiful things truly speaking of beautiful that's you guys. I don't want to say thank you so so much for watching. I really do appreciate it. If you liked it leave a like. If you loved it subscribe if you want more let me know down in the comments below. And yeah, till next time guys. Peace.