 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Fez and this is the commodity and today we're reacting to travel groups of the Philippines Part one this video was suggested to us in our discord by petty king We will throw your name on the screen. Thank you so much for suggesting Suggesting I don't know why it's so hard for me to say that today this video There is a part two as well guys So if you want to hop on and see that go ahead and click the subscribe button and the bell notification icon And while you're there go ahead and click the like button as well It definitely helps us get this video out to more people and if you'd like to help support the channel even more You can click the join button down below and before we jump in I want to think today's sponsor Roll it guys with the amount of Taste testing we've been doing on these international snacks. We have been sent Some crispy seaweed snacks from Maro chip I'm super excited to try these out I'm so excited. They're from South Korea And they do have a website that we will link down in the description below as well as a link to order these So just for the record a student actually reached out to us. Yes, so it's a small up-and-coming business And we're super excited to help these guys out if you guys like seaweed Definitely trying to do something healthy and I don't even think this is the only flavors they have Yeah, I don't think they have multiple flavors and we're gonna try a couple of them today But if you could help them out because companies like this that are willing to reach out and Admit that they're young and actually it was an intern that reached out to us. Yeah, and that made me want to work Help them out even more So if you all want to help support the channel or really support another company I know it's not maybe not be an exact local company, right? But it's a company that's trying to make a difference a healthy difference and a eco-friendly difference Yes, so it's very sustainable the way that they produce these now the flavors that they send us is almond coconut cheese grain sesame and anchovy If you want let's go ahead and pop open the anchovy and says let's try it So we picked out the two ones that we were most curious about to do these with and I'm super excited I really yeah I really like the packaging as well. Oh, yeah, the packaging's phenomenal. I think it's fully recyclable. Yep, it's fully recyclable Okay, this is cool. So Look, it's two pieces of seaweed together with the sesame it's like a little sesame sandwich Exactly what that is Shit like they're they're perfect. Yeah, look at that Let's dink it. I'm so used to the crap that we get here in the city. Oh, man Oh my gosh, that's good. This sesame has like a little bit of a spice to it like a cake. Does that you're gonna love this You're gonna love this I Love that here. I hope this the ruling dispensers again in the future and they can send us more because I can do this every day Oh, yeah And chooey My gosh, I like that saltiness. Oh my gosh So mine doesn't have a cake like you this one. Yeah, no, the anchovy does not have a kick. It's Just like anchovy has Wasabi in it. Oh my gosh, exactly what it is Guys, these are healthy snacks. These are awesome snacks you about to hit another one I got to try another one because those are so different like they don't taste anything alike I'll head up the cheese. Let's do the cheese Are the grains good? Oh Wow, these are thick too It's got the grains in the middle like a little sandwich Y'all've got to try this That's kind of sweet That's so do they don't taste anything alive is the cheese. I'm gleecing everywhere I like the consistency of the cheese They're so different Like if if you wind up getting one that that doesn't really hit your taste buds right you try a different one Night and day different I would try the cheese for sure. Oh, yeah I really like the consistency of that the anchovy the sesame the Grained all of these are good. We're gonna save these almond and coconut for off camera because we're probably about to chat out on all of these guys Again, these are healthy snacks by Maro chip They would definitely appreciate your business. We appreciate them sending us these to try out and we will definitely be doing business with them in the future and now back to the video But let's jump into this let's check it out. Let's do it I Just wanted to see how long it was because I was like this is gonna be fast at this rate. Yeah And go subscribe to this channel I know indigenous people who live in scattered isolated mountainous parts of the island of Luzon the Philippines These people are considered to be negritos whose skin ranges from dark to very dark brown and possessing features such as a small Stature and frame hair of a curly to kinky texture and a higher frequency of naturally lighter color relative to the general population Small no like his glasses. I was about to say and I think those are goggles because this guy has goggles Oh, yeah, but they they look like what's it? What's the what's it called? Where? What's that movie with Tom Hardy? Where they're in the desert. I know what you're talking about it's a style, but it looks like it like you would put it on Yeah, mad Max like that whole style of film. I know this is way off topic We I just had to shout out that that that style and dark brown eyes They are thought to be among the earliest inhabitants of the Philippines. Yeah In Mindanao these existing non-Muslim and Indigenous groups are collectively known as the Lumad a Sabuano term which means native or indigenous Their Lumad tribes come to rise about 13 ethnic groups which are the Blayan Bukinan, Kigonen, Mamonwa, Mandaya, Manobo, Manzaka, Sangir, Subanon, Tagabawa, Tagaka Ula, Rock and Roll Baby Their tribe is generally known for tribal music produced by musical instruments they've created The collective term Moro people or Bongsomoro people refers to the 13 Islamized ethno-linguistic groups of the Filipino islands and archipelagos of Mindanao Sulu and Palawan as Muslim majority ethnic groups they formed the largest non-Christian majority population in the Philippines and Wow You know what's crazy though. I was just thinking so I while I was in college We had to do a study on in you it's of can of Canada that live like so far in fact when they did the documentary Like half of the film crew died because it was so cold But they almost look like they could be part of the same tribe really Yeah, so I'm wondering because they were saying that these are some of the original you know these people have been in this part of the world forever Mm-hmm basically forever I wonder if like they're within like if you really go way back like they were all one and migrated Yeah, they all went their own separate ways because if you look at them I was just like they literally look just like it. Yeah, and I think that's super cool It's just they went separate ways and one went to the humidity and one went to the humidity The cold the extreme like kids were running around naked with like just something covering up. Wow in snow That's taller than them. It was the craziest thing. It's crazy though the the morrow or the bangs of morrow Is the largest non-Christian population? Really yeah, yeah, I heard it. I don't know why I like really countries total population or five million people most morrows are followers of Sunni Islam of the Shafi modha The Muslim morrows originally had an independent state known as the Sulu Sultanate Which once exercised sovereignty over the present-day provinces of Basel and Palawan Sulu Tawi Tawi the eastern part of the Malaysian state of Saba and North Kalimantan in Indonesia The Sama Bajaw are the dominant ethnic group of the islands of Tawi Tawi in the Philippines That's a lot They're also found in other islands of the Sulu archipelago coastal areas of Mindanao northern and eastern Borneo Sulu Wasey and throughout eastern Indonesian island I want to I know when we go to KK there's There's tribes and that places that have this style housing Swarn had mentioned that it's it's not the safest place to go right But I do want to visit something like this maybe we'll wind up doing that in the Philippines One thing that I've always loved the argument about you know like if the world went to crap and We had to you know deal with zombies or whatever the case may be right these are the kind of people that are gonna live for Beyond that. Oh, you don't never have to Because they they're self-sufficient. They're self-reliant. They can handle their own they are Smart enough to live on the water. Yeah, thanks In the Philippines they are grouped together with the religiously similar Moro people Within the last 50 years many of the Filipino Sama Bajau have migrated to neighboring Malaysia and the northern islands of the Philippines due to the conflict in Mindanao Sama Bajau have sometimes been called the C-Gipsies or C-Nomads terms that have also been used for non-related ethnic groups with similar traditional Lifes Gipsies was a major Mokin of the Burmese time on the archipelago and the Arang Lout of southeastern Sumatra and the Riau Islands of Indonesia The Egorod are any of various ethnic groups in the mountains of northern Luzon Philippines all of whom keep or have kept until recently their traditional religion in way of life That's so cool Some live in the tropical forests of the foothills, but most live in rugged grassland and pine forest zones higher up The Egorod numbered about 1.5 million in the early 21st century Their languages belong to the northern Luzon subgroup of the Philippine languages which belong to the Austronesian family They look like they'd be so sweet. The Egorod may be roughly divided into two general subgroups The larger group lives in the South, Central and Western areas and is very adept at rice terraced farming The smaller group lives in the east and north Prior to Spanish colonization of the islands, the peoples now included under the term did not consider themselves as belonging to a single cohesive ethnic group Itneg is an alternate name of Tingian Now one thing that might be a little crazy will go back up so we don't miss anything Is they live in such a beautiful area? I wonder if they think that that because I'm sure a lot of these people have never traveled outside of the country Right. I wonder if they think that's just how everything is well So we had mentioned that in a past video how like You guys don't know how beautiful your area is and a lot of people have said like We didn't realize it until we actually traveled somewhere yeah Because honestly, I mean the beauty of the Philippines is Southeast Asia. Oh, yeah really Southeast Asia is is Not the beauty everywhere else. No not at all like I I love my state. I love where I live, but reality is It's not a beautiful state right. It's got beauty in it But it's just not the same there's no comparison, but yeah, I just wish I could I wish I had the funds or the ability to be like here I just want to take you around and just show you what you how great About you place you have not necessarily they have it but right the the beauty that they live within So I just thought that was really cool. Yeah to a single cohesive ethnic group It neg is an alternate name of Tingi Ann Tingi Ann means the people of the mountains It was originally used to refer to all mountain dwelling people these days It is particularly used to refer to a cultural minority group occupying the mountains of Abra The Tingi Ann are listed as one of the Cordyarian people called Egorats Some feature of the culture customs traditions rituals beliefs and ethnic values are the same with the Egorats In Abra they comprise 35% of the total population and occupy about two thirds of the province's land area The people live in scattered villages and cover a large area most of them live in settlement Usually found near river banks Wellings are usually built in clusters with rice granary and vegetable patches Two or three adjacent settlements generally compose a village Maunyan is the generic name for the eight indigenous groups found on the island of Mendoro Southwest of the island of Luzon the Philippines each with its own tribal name language and customs The total population maybe around 180,000 Yeah, if you guys know what those necklaces represent let us know but official statistics are difficult to determine under the conditions of remote areas reclusive tribal groups and some having little if any outside world contact The ethnic groups of the island from north to south are a sticks group devil shirt on booheed and hananoo An additional group on the south coast is labeled ratanune They appear to be intermarried with lowlanders The group known on the east of Mendoro is bang on maybe a subgroup of tabud as they speak the western dialect of that language Smoking the eyes that's what I was trying to see out like a good example The Maranau people is the term used by the Philippine government to refer to the southern tribe who are the people of the lake a predominantly Muslim Linao province region of the Philippine island of mndanau They are known for their artwork weaving wood plastic and metal crafts and epic literature the darringine They are ethnically and culturally closely related to the iranon and magin dano all three groups being denoted as speaking to now languages and giving name to the island of mndanau The original endonym of the ancestral maranau is believed to be iranon or iranauan This group later diverged resulting in the modern magin dano and the iranon people while the ancestral iranons who stayed in Lake Linao became known as the maranau These two ethnic groups iranon and maranau are still related to each other There are similar cultures in both speak a one language. They either call it maranau or iranon language which belongs to denou languages The evidences are a filipino ethno linguistic group predominant in the islands of buttannis of the philippines Their ethno genesis is unclear their origins remain untraced among scholars, but they are known to be an austronesian group really So People don't know exactly where they came from right that's that's I'd but really cool. Yeah, yeah, I mean, I'm sure a lot of people that are closed up like it's just crazy like because so many kind of so many uh of these tribes or groups of people are from Have been there for so long that true without truly they didn't know where they came from yeah like they didn't know what the country was called at the time Yeah, and states were called who's to say that the the land hasn't shifted sense or anything like that because I'm sure a lot of these have been around for eons yeah, yeah, so it's super cool related to neighboring iliconos on purely linguistic basis The culture of the evidences partly influenced by the environmental condition of buttannis Unlike the old type mpa hut that is really the philippines Evidence have adopted their now famous stone houses made of coral and limestone I love designed to protect against the hostile climate Evidence already lived in buttannis before the spaniards arrived in the philippines in the 16th century Establishing fortresses known as a john and lived autonomously long thereafter The eboloi or naboloi as an indigenous ethnic group found even northern philippines The eboloi occupied the southeastern two-thirds of vanguette particularly the municipalities of kabaian bokeh sablin tubline looks like she's about to see that and ito gong and the sun is like a Other than portions of kapaungan and otaku Called epaway by the kalangais the name is derived from those who live in the grasslands with paoay as the Caling dea term for grassland In eboloi mythology this group's origin is traced back to a couple in mount kool-ogh Who survived the great flood that kabunians sent to punish the wicked people This couple bore many children who intermarried Sounds like a multiplied and descended to the fertile valleys of vanguette including tiniq to become the ancestors of the present day eboloi Subanana is a tribe indigenous to the zambuonga peninsula area particularly living in the mountainous areas of zambuonga del sur and Mesamas occidental mindenau island philippines They look like they're wearing uniforms. Yeah, like they're gonna go to work or something like that Because it's so matchy matchy like one of the like something I noticed on all the other ones is it's very like Whatever you know, I'm guessing that a lot of them they make them themselves and for Them it's probably like how you feel who you are. It's like, you know the same thing that we do for now like close Where I we it's you're expressing yourself. Yeah, it's part of your identification With it being said unified these could all be stock pictures and we could just be reacting to stock pictures And they don't relate to the actual that's true Because I did say the blue eyes with the brown right so if these are stock pictures and we're just talking out of our our booties we're sorry He's either language. I'm sorry The subanana people speak the subanana language The name means a person or people of the river these people originally lived in the lowling areas However, due to disturbances and competitions from other settlers like the muslims and Relations of say Wano speakers to the coastal areas attracted by the inviting land tenure laws further push the subanana into the interior He's like get him mom. Yeah You got it I'd generally refer to themselves as a whole they distinguish themselves from each other by their roots or point of origin These are based on names of rivers lakes mountains or locations The war i people are a subgroup of the larger ethno-linguistic group Bessiah people who constitute the largest Filipino ethno-linguistic group in the country Their primary language is the war a language and austronesian language native to the islands of samar late And ballerin which together surprised eastern bessiahs region of the Philippines War i people inhabit the whole island of samar where they are called samareños the northern part of the island of late Where they are called late tenios and the island of ballerin On late-day island the war i people occupy the northern part of the island Separated from the seibuano language speaking late tenios by a mountain range in the middle of the island The esquia is the collective name for the members of a cultural minority found in boho Philippines, they look like very smart people Is it because they're in front of a child board? Yeah Which is distinguished by its cultural heritage particularly its literature, language, dress and religious observances After the esquia first came to pub ekis that's exen spanis Even though that would be like w-a-b-c-d-f-g-h-a-a-t-a-t-c-i hola-a-t-a-l-m-n-o-p Inia is that an inia? It looks like a O-P-Q-R-S-T-U-V-T-Q Yeah E I can't see that that's got a glare Pre-pag-chan-cho-tow-was-ted-ted-got-is-hole Hello thing Hello, Ted kri na nink-nink sak-kod-k-grow-gui or goo-boy-ngo-go Oh these are actual words I think Possibly gui-r-con Because they have like, or maybe it's obli-keten-ch Whoops Maybe it's just like the first letter like you know how we do like a and then you'll have a picture of like an alligator And then B you have a picture of or like P you have a picture of a tear d'actyl Right In 1980 these cultural practices were the subject of intense speculation on the part of local journalists and amateur historians Who made diverse claims about the ethno-linguistic status of the Eskaya people The unique Eskaya language and writing system in particular has been a source of fascination and controversy Some journalists argued that the Eskaya were historically displaced from the Middle East While others suggested that the community was occult speaking an invented language Hmm Wow And That was very informative It's-it's-it's-there's crazy how no matter what part of the world you're from Like all people get to a certain point and they always wind up at the same place Right like you know what I mean like okay, so all people started without language Without writing without this they then they go to pictures then they go to this Then they go to that and they all wind up kind of meeting at the same point right now some don't like push Sciences or push they don't want technology and all those kind of things because there's those tribes that Don't want to be contacted or they will kill you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah a hundred percent. So I just think it's really cool that It's like a level of like You not evolution but evolving through time like yeah, I just think it's cool that they all wind up kind of in the same place Definitely guys again if you want to see the part 2 on this video click the subscribe button in the bell notification icon Thank you pettaking for suggesting this video if there were any Miss information or inconsistencies in this video we do apologize. We're just reacting to a video And guys again if you want to see our future videos please hit the subscribe button in the bell notification If you want to support us directly hit the join button and with that being said my name is Miles my name is Fez Thanks for watching guys peace out