 Hi guys, what? Wow, you got like two words in. Peace on my laugh is because just before I record I was trying to do an American accent and then I went back to my normal voice and it just really went. You know accents are only fun for the person doing accent most of the time. Anyway guys, sorry, welcome back to the brand new. It's so much for clicking on the video today. We have such an exciting one. See what I mean, it's only fun for you. Why are you laughing then? Today we have a history lesson. We've got a 12 minute history of the Philippines. Yeah, we're going to get our glasses and we're going to get nerdy. We're going to get back to school today guys. And we're going to enjoy this one together. If you've got anything you want us to react to please send us a message on Instagram. We check all our DMs for reaction requests and this is where that came from. If you enjoyed the video, please hit the subscribe button. But we are going to get straight into this one. I don't really point me being here. I haven't really given much to the video yet. Just that way. You never do. Just that way. I don't know if you like daily vlogs. Then watch our other YouTube channel, the juicy vlog and subscribe. Do have another YouTube channel, link in the description. Okay, are you ready? Yeah. Three, two, one. Where the history of what is today, the Philippines started with the arrival of its first humans. It was like Jurassic Park. What? We're going to live sad. Oh my god. This is proper history of the first humans. Wow. Wow. Oh my god. This is proper history of the first humans. Wow. Wow. Oh my god. This is proper history of the first humans. And expand into bigger settlements. And in the next thousands of years, they evolved into what some scholars believe to be considered early states. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. That's what humans look like back. Where? Love the music. Love the music. Wow. It's like a board game. I was going to say that, it's like a game. Or like a game of friends and friends. Yeah. Yeah. Around 300 to 700 AD, the seafaring people of the islands began to trade with the Indianized kingdoms in the Malay archipelago. So cool. The nearby East Asian principalities adopting infallible skills. It was a big world. And Hinduism. Is that why I'm an ill in the capital? There. Because it was the first Hitler to trade. Yeah. See? Joggerfielsen as well. Yeah. I don't know if I was such an Indian influence to be an alien. But no, I didn't know. So this is going to be a great deal. Yeah. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. But it just didn't have a name yet. It's crazy. And Paloava isn't in that name. Oh. What a nice how we know of this. It was all empire. It was all empire. It was all empire. Around 1225, the nation of May, a Buddhist pre-Hispanic Philippine island state centered in Mondoro flourished, attracting traders and shipping from the kingdom of Riyoukou to the empire. What you're seeing would be like, childhood. Reason this the other day, in 6000 years, there will be able to look back on these times now and have everything videos, news articles. You could take exactly what I was like. We can only look back at that on your years right now. From now, Indonesia was ruled by the Hindu Maya Pahit Empire. During the 1300s, this empire ruled over Luzon Island and the Sulu Archipelago. As more and more influence was on these islands, skirmishes and battles also existed. Some local tribes were wedged incessant guerrilla warfare against them. Eventually, the kingdoms of Luzon regained independence from Maya Pahit after the battle of Manila, 1365. Sulu also reestablished independence and inventions assaulted the Maya Pahit province of Brunei before a fleet from the capital drove them out. The start of the Islamic era in Indonesia set the collapse of the Maya Pahit as its provinces eventually seceded and became independent Sultanates. In 1380, Macdum Karim, an Arab trader born in Jehore, arrived in Sulu from Malakka and brought Islam to the Philippines. One day, Sharif Ul Hashidim, an Arab Muslim explorer, established the Sultanate of Sulu by converting its previous ruler, the Hindu King Raja Bhagwinda to Islam and then marrying his daughter. The Sultanate of Maghindineo rose to prominence at the end of the 15th century, meanwhile. The religion was introduced to the area by Muslim missionaries and traders from the Middle East, Indian and Malay regions who propagated Islam to Sulu and Maghindineo. As before, when Buddhist and Hindu cultures influenced the archipelago, the same case happened with the Muslim culture. Upon the secession of Brunei from the Maya Pahit Empire, they imported the Arab Emir from the land. It's really interesting. I didn't know how to go this far back. I don't know how people were retained in the main school. It's so much to know. It's not like that. It's not like that. It's not like that. The most dumb history in school is difficult to remember dates, ties and lives. In 1521, the Spanish reached the archipelago through the expedition around the world, led by Portuguese-born Spanish explorer Ferdinand Magellan. That's when that happened then. The Spanish Empire established friendly relations with some of the local leaders and converted some of them to Roman Catholicism. Because the Philippines are a large archipelago, the Spaniards started to explore many islands. However, the explorer Ferdinand Magellan was killed during the Battle of Maktan against the local ruler Lapu Lapu. That's the next several decades of the Spanish expedition. I didn't know that. It was an crazy back then, one guy in an army of different ships. The guy who went and said, I declare this land the mine. Baton me a few disagree. It's the second of Spain on January 6th. I can imagine that. I can take a different look. That's where the little squids name. I didn't know about the localization. That's what I'm saying. The Muslim side was very diverse. They were still going on really. It's always been very diverse. The Muslim side was very diverse. They were still going on really. notroy their troops consisting of melee warriors once they continue to be leadership sent by the Ottomans, which included mainly Turks, Egyptians, Swahili's, Somalis, Indians and others. The conflict ended with a status quo and Tibelum. Just 20 years after the conquest of Luzon, remarkable progress existed in the work of colonization of the islands and the spread of Christianity. Archaeathedral was built in the city of Manila with an Episcopal palace. Other Austrian churches were built across islands and more and more people started to convert to Christianity. Furthermore, Spanish and Mexican families settled in the new lands creating stronger communities. Much of the archipelago came under Spanish rule, creating the first unified political structure known as the Philippine-Exican. Spanish colonial rules saw the introduction of Christianity, the code of law, and the oldest modern university in Asia. The Philippines was ruled by the Mexico-based vice-royalty of New Spain, and after, the colony was directly governed by Spain. Many of the local people revolted in the next centuries due to some abuses made by the Spanish authorities. Their rule ended after the American Spanish War at the end of the 19th century in 1898. The Philippines became a territory of the United States. 1898. The Philippines was occupied by Japanese. So many people. In 1945, the US liberated the Philippines and the Treaty of Manila in 1946 established an independent Philippine Republic. Right, so if you don't understand it. The United States was marked by internal skirmishes and a smaller period of dictatorship, but also huge progress and development with manual Roxas becoming the first president of the independent Republic of the Philippines. The United States seceded its sovereignty over the Philippines on July 4, 1946 as scheduled. However, the Philippine economy remained highly dependent on United States markets. Roxas died suddenly of a heart attack in April 1948, and vice-president El Pidio Corrino ruled the country until 1953. Some communist partisans existed in the islands, but were defeated in the 50s. Additionally, an important event happened in the middle of the 1960s. Ferdinand Marcos took power in 1965 and ruled until 1966. This era included the final years of the new Republic from 1965 to 1972 and the Philippines under martial law 1972 to 1981. His reign was marked by dictatorship and instability. In 1986, Ferdinand Marcos was removed from power and replaced by Maria Corazón Aquino. Up to the present day, five other presidents ruled the Philippines. So interesting. So I can't really hang with that. 12 minutes, right? That we learned so much. One shot of a map, but I was fully engaged the whole time. Yeah, I loved it that. This is one time true. Yeah, it's not. If someone said, oh, you're going to watch 12 minutes of a map, I'll be able to hold. You'd think no, that would get boring, but it didn't. It was so interesting. Also, I didn't know it was going to go right back so early. Yeah, I know. We've learned things before like the American Spanish era and all that kind of stuff. But I didn't know that to go back. That's so cool. That's so interesting. If you guys enjoyed this one, if you have anything else to send us, Instagram is the place. If you enjoyed it, give it a thumbs up if you did. Subscribe to channel if you knew. We'll see you in the next GCX. I'm useless. I don't have anything to say. Goodbye. You can press stop. Bye.