 I'm sorry, I'm not going to be able to do it today. Today I decided to react to yet another video that will present us with some Filipinos who made Penois proud. Yes, sir, I wonder if it will only feature singers or just a batch of Filipinos, whether it be in sports, maybe in beauty pageants, maybe table pool players, because you guys have a legend there, right? So we will see. But before we start, make sure to follow me on Instagram at Music Games News because that is where you can DM your suggestions. And of course, consider subscribing to this channel and liking the video because it definitely helps with the YouTube algorithm. All right, without further ado, let's jump right into it. David Foster and Boyabunda. Two legends, all right? In their domain, their own domain, right? David Foster, Canadian legend, you know, as a composer, pianist and all that. Boyabunda, Filipino legend, as an interviewer and journalist. Nice. We've seen it with Korea, with K-pop, and I guarantee you, in the next five years there's going to be some superstars come from Asia. And that's what's going to happen. Thank you. Nice true. It means a lot. Filipinos are known for their talent. They're also known to be one of the most competitive people in the world. So, pinoting myself, I grew up watching different amateur beauty pageants, sports, singing and dancing competitions. Let me tell you that those things, you go. That's cool. And because of that, competitors push themselves really hard. Sometimes hard enough that they reach not just the national level of talent, but also stand out as one of the best in the world. Yo, like two months ago, I think I reacted for the first time to Filipino basketball. And it was like the best dunks of the year or something like that. I was extremely impressed by the talent and the level of basketball, of Filipino basketball. Also, I think that this year the basketball World Cup will take place in the Philippines. Man, that is awesome. Hey! Wow. I got chills. I got chills when I saw all these fantastic Filipino artists that I have reacted to, you know, already. Alright, we got a disclaimer of liability. Okay! All information contained in this video presentation is provided for entertainment purposes only and is not to be relied upon as legal advice. In any matter, in any jurisdiction. The authors leave any and all conclusions to individual members of the audience. The author offers no statements of a fact beyond those available through diligent private research or through information freely available in the public record. I honestly don't think this was necessary. I think it's understood. To the extent that pending or settled criminal matters or crimes or possible crimes are discussed in this video presentation. All parties or defendants are presumed innocent unless proven guilty in a court of law. What? In the world, are you going to be showing us in this video for you to feel obligated to put such a disclaimer? This is a little... I don't know. It's stressful. SB19 fits those criteria. I can easily say that all of them are talented, but you can't deny that some of them have got given talents like Stel's vocals. I think I've reacted to a performance of SB19 with Regine Velasquez. Yeah. And Kent's unique low voice. Yeah, a lot of SB19 members are doing their own thing now. But they also have extremely skilled members in Justin, Josh and Pablo who equally contributes through the creative side of things, exceptional dancing, and inventive songwriting. Skills that they didn't acquire on the get-go, but through rigorous years of training. They practiced dance routines 1000 times before they even performed them in public. And in their humble beginnings, they did a good performance performing for nobody since no one knew them back then. They even got criticized in their own home country. I don't know if I'm going to do this because I don't know how to explain it. I'm going to do it in the face of the guy who's... What? And then you're going to be a good guy. But that didn't stop them from becoming the now Philippine cultural ambassadors. They started making waves by becoming the first Pinoy pop group that broke a record in the Billboard charts. True. I did record that. I did record that. Yeah. The Filipino group Singles surpasses the six-week run of BTS' Butter. They were also the first Filipino artists to have performed on a major US TV network and proceeded to have the nationwide concert tour in that country. At this point, there's no denying the fact that SB19 has already established their place in the Pinoy music industry by not just expanding its reach, but also boosting Filipino tourism. I believe that... I mean, we can say that SB19 is the most popular... ...peapop group, right? Like it's the most popular pop group in the Philippines. By evident by looking at these amazing people that came from different parts of the world and decided to visit the Philippines because of them. Now that's something to be proud of. Another Filipino, a rather Filipino that we need to be proud of, is SB19's friend herself, AC Bonipashou. Together with her... How does this person know that those YouTubers or vloggers or whatever visited the Philippines for SB19? That was their main purpose, you know? That was the reason for them to visit the Philippines. Or the primary reason, you know? They're so cute! Woo! And I'm... I'm gonna... They're so cute! People were blown away by how good they were despite being at a very young age. This gave them the opportunity to meet and perform with the one and only, Ariana Grande. If you want to... Um... the TNT boys also met Ariana Grande and I believe it was also on the Ellen Show, I think. That's so cool! That's really cool! They even made an appearance in Hollywood in a popular dance movie franchise called Step Up. In 2021, 80% of the Philippines and the yearly YouTube fanfests together with SB19 and also have done multiple collaborations with them. What I really like about these types of performers are their songs, visuals, and dance breaks. But did you know that another Pinoy artist had already been utilized in dance breaks in the early seasons? Oh yeah! Exactly! Mmmmm! Yeah, pio pio! He actually represented the Philippines and friends. Like last year I think and he actually won the show. What was the show called again? Dancing with the Stars, right? I think it was Dancing with the Stars, yeah. Enter Billy Crawford. Mmmmm! Oh man! In my opinion, this dude has got to be one of the most underrated Filipino artists ever. Absolutely! Barely does any of them! Let me tell you why he is underrated. It's because he was popular outside of the Philippines, but not everywhere. He was really popular in Europe and especially in France. And that's why he went back to France to be part of Dancing with the Stars, where he actually won the show. And I've even watched an interview of Billy Crawford in French. His French is alright. It's actually alright. But I mean, Filipinos knew of him when he started dancing and singing. And he was even like a backup dancer for Michael Jackson at some point, right? But he didn't give the credit to the serves anymore. Most people only see him as some goofy guy with a few dance moves. But little did they know that one of his greatest achievements was being able to be the king of pop himself. Michael Jackson. The girl is dangerous. The girl is dangerous. I never knew. Just so you know, MJ, my favorite artist of all time. Oh gosh! See? See, I did not know that he was part of this video. So thank you to the person that's making this video for teaching me this. Who's actually making the video? Casual, casual chuck? Why is it casual chuck? Why isn't it casual chuck? Is it like a word play on the word? Casual, casual chuck? Okay. Cool, cool, cool. It's so unreal thinking that they actually practice together and meet at school interactions. In Florida, they're looking for their art gates because they have schools that they can go to. No, that was MJ. No, that was MJ. Excuse me. Can you tell me what happened to him? No, hi, my name is Michael. I'm sorry that there are better games on that side. I'm just like myself. I'm just normal. I'm just a little bit tall. Oh my gosh. This experience is pretty well. This experience is pretty well. To pursue a career and show business. He started releasing songs. And I've been looking forward girl name Mary Lopez. Every time I see her. And even landed an interesting role in Hollywood in one of those exorcist movies. What? Don't ever touch me without a gun. And did you know that Billy actually has no idea. I had no idea. Pokemon theme song in its first movie. Oh my god. That brings me back. This man is definitely full of achievements and I'm not even done yet. The early 2000s was when he hit his prime with these songs. I actually reacted to a couple of his most popular music videos when the Aminjal was still part of the channel. Yeah, this is one of his most popular songs. His music broke into the charts all over Europe. And even reached number one in the Netherlands. There you go. That's what I mean. Crawford became big. He was like a Justin Timberlake of Europe. And friends. Oh, there you go. I just became the champion of the latest season of Dance With The Stars in France. Personally, I think he's a better dancer than he is a singer. But I still think he's a great singer. I just prefer his dancing to his singing. Wow, he is dancing to a Belgium singer called Strumay. Honestly, if you've never heard of this artist, do yourself a favor and go listen to his music. This guy is an artist with a big A. Okay, he's excellent. Oh, I got to watch this. See, I have not seen this dance performance. I got to check it out because he's dancing to one of my favorite songs. Like seriously, did this man ever finish? Hey, with Taik. Taik. Perhaps it makes sense why he achieved all the success because the man is hard working. In fact, he has been working hard since he was four years old in a popular Filipino variety show called That's Entertainment. And at that time, he worked with one of the best Filipino artists ever. Leia Salonga. Just like Billy, Leia started working at the very young age. For ten years old, she was already able to release her solo album. Leia Salonga is a Filipino singer that I would potentially put at the same level as Regina Velasquez. And I know that a lot of people actually consider her better than Regina. Like for them, she's the queen. You know, the queen beaver of the Philippines. At age 17, she auditioned for Miss I Gone to get the lead role of Kim. Yeah, I think I reacted to this video as well. I know, sharing the sky. We have been blessed, you and I. The giddy look of these producers obviously tells that they have already found what they've got. They got it, yeah. They only need Leia to hit the high notes, but also perfectly executed the low notes. She then secured the role and went on to make history by becoming the first-ever Asian actress to win a Tony Award. And the Tony Award goes to... Leia Salonga. She also played the role of Epinene and Fantene in the musical Leia Missarab on Broadway. Just take a look at this exclusive club. Anyone would kill to get included in there. Now that's something to be proud of. And not only that, but Leia also became the singing voice of not just one. By two. But two Disney princesses. I actually think that's a bit. Leia is incredibly rare, so the Walt Disney company honored her to become one of the few Disney legends. She went through discrimination in the past. Oh, they're not going to see you. They're not going to see you because you're Asian. I'm sure that there are people out there who are just waiting for me to mess up. But that didn't stop her from achieving her dreams. To this day, Leia Salonga's legacy has already been immortalized as she became an inspiration for aspiring performers for generations to come. I know that she wanted more people to be included. I promise you I will in the next one. Ah, okay. Well, to be fair, the title of this video is Filipinos who made Penoise Proud number one. So I'm guessing he's going to make more and shout out to you for making such a great video. Honestly, it's pretty good. But I think I would have made a video with Filipinos with legendary Filipinos that made Penoise Proud. Because here it's a mix of like brand new Filipinos that are successful right now. With, you know, Filipinos that made Penoise Proud years ago, you know what I'm saying? Videos. For now, let me just say that our flag doesn't fly because the wind moves it. It flies because of the Filipinos who are proud to wave it. So, this was great. Obviously, I was familiar with Billy Crawford, Leah Salonga and SB19. But at least he introduced me to the kids that were on the Ellen show. I am actually surprised that my community never told me about them and never asked me to react to them. But yeah, man, SB19, they are the latest Filipino big thing, you know, that Filipinos are extremely hyped up. They are extremely hyped about that. They are getting a lot of, you know, international recognition and rightfully so, you know, they are very, very hard working band, you know. And I love the fact that they are also individually doing their own thing. But they never forget that they are part of a group, you know. They are still working on SB19. Leah Salonga, Billy Crawford, they don't actually have to prove anything anymore. But yeah, it would be great if he could mention other. Oh, he already made it the second video. Filipinos who made the noise proud number two. Oh, oh, oh, okay. In the thumbnail, I can see some, I think it's more about acting and sports here. So, if you guys enjoyed this reaction video, maybe I will react to his number two video. And of course, I mean, he should also mention Sharis, because Sharisu, you know, she made Filipinos proud internationally, man. Anyway, Marami, Marami, Salam, Watpo. And of course, if you have found value in this video, do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.