 Who are the Filipino ethnic groups? I don't know, let's figure out today. We know some. We know there's Filipinos. There, well we know languages. I don't know if we know groups. I know we know Tagalog, obviously, Ilongol, Isaya, and there's different. I like the one. I like the one. There's the one that the see. The... Chavo... Tano... Something like that. I know that Bessaya in Mindenau and Bessaya in Debu, it's the same language, but they sound slightly different, and then that also goes to Bessaya and other languages in different islands. They all have different little twists, and that's very interesting. So in this video, we're going to learn a little bit more about that and possibly the reasoning behind that because we're going to learn about the ethnic groups. It's a really short video, surprisingly, but I thought the topic was kind of interesting to check out because we're traveling around the Philippines, so we get to experience this. And if you want to experience our travels with us, go check out the link in the description, we're actually in Mindenau at the moment, traveling around on that channel, so you can see our experience in the Bessaya area. It's beautiful, it's friendly, and we eat so much food, your heart couldn't even take it. Like literally, we're about to have a heart attack. Yes. So go check it out. Link in the description. But anyways, we are going to see what these groups are. I mean, all over the islands. I don't know how in depth this is going to get being only four minutes. I bet this could be like three hour long video. So if you want to be in depth, leave a comment about your ethnic group or other one. If you want information is good, we're probably going to end up going to a lot of these places with these different ethnic groups. So it'll be really cool. Here we go. The Philippines is the fifth largest island country. And I don't know why this random British wankist telling us about the Philippines. The world in contains over 7,600 and let's look at this map already. Oh, they're not even showing down here. Oh wow. The Racker. The 27 million people. They're just cutting off that map. Wow, there's a lot. And we know like Northern Luzon can get very like, is its own like very different ethnic group, I believe. It is also home to over 100 million people and over 185 different ethnic groups. That's not a lot. The ethnic groups in the Philippines include the Tagalog, Subwan or Ilokano and Besayap. Yet the country is home to a slew of other ethnic groups each with their own traditions and customs. With a prehistory of ancient human activity dating back to at least 709,000 years. Very intense about this. It's tough to hear the remarkable place of exploration to learn more about our human story. Who are the Filipinos? 47,000 years ago there existed a land mass known as Sunda and it connected mainland Southeast Asia to the Philippines. Sunda land allowed the first wave of human migrants who left Africa more than 70,000 years ago to enter into the archipelago. Basel Australasian, which is a core DNA component found high in groups like the Andamanese and Papuanes is also found high in over 30 different ethnic groups within the Philippines. The most notable of which are the Ita and Luzon, the Arti in the Versailles and the Mammanwa in Mindurnal. Luzon is the biggest island in the Philippines and is home to over 53 million people. It is here within these mountain ranges that we find a people unlike any other, the Igarot. Okay, I think that's about it. Both Igarot men and women ordained themselves in intricate anthropomorphic and geometric tattoos and this tradition of tattooing can be found across an array of other Austronesian groups. Most notably, the Igarot are known to be the only group who resisted direct Spanish rule. The Igarot and other Cordelia Erin groups serve as the best model for the first wave of Austronesian people to enter into the Philippines. They're ancestors left Taiwan between 7 to 3000 years ago and would spread all across the archipelago transforming it radically. Interesting from Taiwan. The sound of the Philippines is home to some of the most beautiful beaches. It has a culture like no other being dubbed the land of promises for its untapped nature and beautiful coastlines. In the 14th century, because of trade with Arab merchants, the mighty Brunei Empire started to spread its influence into the Philippines. The people who converted to Islam came to be known as the morrows and today in the southern parts of the Philippines their descendants number in their millions. For most of their history, these people have been nomadic, seafaring people living off by subsistence. You imagine living on that? Yeah, that's insane. You gotta imagine that you gotta make some repairs that were once in a while here. What happens when the typhoons come? You'd hope that they get informed and then they just get out of there. But who knows? Interesting. Hindu, Buddhist, and Islam. And then Christianity is just what just... Yep, after all of that, that's so interesting. Oh, buttocks. Oh, there's some boobies in there too. That's an appropriate... Oh! This didn't go too well for the old Magellan. I don't know, I don't think... I remember in elementary school, Magellan was my like, explorer project for that subject or whatever. And it was like, oh, and I remember having to say that long ago. I guess that's probably the first time I ever heard of the Philippines. It was in elementary school and he died in the Philippines. And I had no idea. Anything about the Philippines or that I would go there one day and stay there for like nine months. Rip Magellan, I don't know. He's probably a bad dude. Yeah, he probably was. I imagine he probably was. So maybe not Rip, but who knows? Maybe he did some good stuff. I don't know. In 64, the archipelago was renamed to the Philippines by the Spanish, who named it in honor of King Philip II of Spain. During this 300-year period, the culture of the Philippines was radically impacted. Today up to 90% of all Filipinos adhere to Roman Catholicism, making it the third largest Catholic country after Brazil and Mexico. I hope by now you can see that the the Spanish Brazil and Mexico, I guess that's Portuguese also with Brazil, but that's crazy to think. The identity is not just a monologue, but in fact, comprises of delicate layers which have all contributed to the establishment of a broad Austronesian family. More videos about the Austronesian people on the way. It's very, very interesting to get to learn basically that coming from like Indonesia and other areas of like Southeast Asia is where some of the influence comes from and then from Taiwan also and then obviously from Papua and Guinea and then from the Spanish as well. That's a lot of mixing in there. And we learned that those dang Spaniards, their colonization and all of that, they were very good at converting locals. There's like all of these like influences coming in and then all of a sudden the Spanish coming and then everything it just revolves around the Spanish. I can't imagine the terrible things they did to convert people. I was about to say maybe it has to do with the fact that they had large weapons at their disposal. They did. So that's only something. So anyway, if you're from Spain, you're a terrible person. Yeah, we're going to hold you accountable for what your ancestors. To the Americans. Yeah, exactly. It's a joke. Joke people can. People nowadays are not directly related or not directly responsible for their ancestors actions. Nor are they responsible for their country actions either. So remember that before you blame people. Everyone, some people aren't good and that's obviously true. Just ask for their voting record and then who they vote for, you can be like, wait, you voted for that person. Seems like it's not too personal or anything. No, no. Thanks for watching everybody. Hopefully you enjoyed. Let us know more information in the comments. I mean, we know very little about this stuff and it's a lot of brief things that we've heard. So the more we know is good because we are spending a lot of time in the Philippines. Yeah. And if we, I mean, we probably can barely even tell the difference between the Tagalog Basaya Longo or any of the other languages. They probably just sound very similar to us. But somebody that speaks it, they're like, oh, this, this version of this language I speak is slightly different. But for us, it's like, oh, it just, it just goes right over. Sounds the same. Wow. Thanks for watching. See you in the next one. Bye.