 After all these months we have finally done it. Oh, it feels amazing. We're not in the city anymore. We are in Morokai My look how beautiful This is pretty I got it put on a sunglasses. This is me too. I cannot see The sand is so bright that it's reflecting sound Oh It's obvious. This is a nice First how did we end up here after several months in Manila? We finally decided to check out the famous blue water in the Philippines But first we had to get to the airports locate our plane and get on it fly from Manila to Katiklan Get from the airports to the ferry get a ferry ticket and also confirm our hotel Get on the ferry taking us to the island get off the boat and then jump on one of the many Texas waiting Bringing us to our hotel. I love these poems just growing right outside the restaurants and then you have the beach I'm gonna show some beach mates. We are oh, yeah We are going to go swimming in here later But for now we have to go you know us it's food time. We have to explore the beach I'm hoping that we can find some seafood while we're here. Oh, yeah, that is my big dream I've been looking forward to this for months at this point. We have no set any Seed food in the Philippines actually. I don't think we have that's quite interesting. Yeah, it's crazy Oh, this sand look at this. Yeah, this is oh Dude this is beyond the Burkai no beyond the goa quality. Oh, that's crazy. This is beautiful Oh I have no water for a juice Maybe I should make a mark as it is there next year I come back All right, yeah, maybe it's better to walk on the stones And we bought sunscreen and we are totally covered in sunscreen. Yeah, we bought a sunscreen which is really So it's hard to get the skin to absorb it. Wow look this island We got to go over there. Oh Dude, let's go swim over but first let's get some food. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we have to get seafood in Burkai Hello, we have been so excited about this for many many months. Yeah at this point. Yeah, we wanted to try it in Sebo Since we got sick and had to cancel that this is our first place to eat it Seafood see worthy. You think the cell seafood there? No Bartersy seafood. Oh, yeah, we okay. Let's go here. Should we or should we explore? Maybe we can visit the menu. Okay, we can look a little bit on that I feel like that's where we're gonna end up kind of This is when I watched other youtubers like walking here. I found it so cool that you walk along the beach And then you have like shops like this and also a little behind us. We find things like yellow camp at the huge I think we even saw that what's it called? Jolbi oh yeah, you're the best one But we can't go anything there. Hello, but it's so hard so what is this? Come on. Stan sausage. No, we need seafood. We need seafood We do we turn back and go back for up there burgers. Oh, you're selling burgers. We have to find seafood Seafood. Yeah, I just see what you say. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we were we want to put Easter and the seafood this way I don't know but there's a bar and then there's other restaurants there just like hotels Okay hotel size. Yeah, yeah, maybe we go back. Yeah, okay Yeah, thank you very much All right, so our initial instincts were completely right. Yeah, we're headed back to that place Really excited. I was lucky hotel bar. How do you think the seafood is like there? Feeling a good good feeling. I have yeah as long as we have a cook that's experienced with seafood. I mean We have some plans to try something raw later But you have to stay tuned for that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we found raw fish. Yeah, really cool. All right, let's head in here. I guess Yeah, all right, so our very first meal here in Borkayne, Philippines And we went straight to the first seafood restaurant we could find. Yeah We have bought Squid baked into something with cool schools. I think there is some different meats in there as well And don't spoil mine. Oh, yeah, it's coming. That looks awesome as well. Actually, my mouth is watering at this point Oh, this looks good. It looks super delicious. Actually, I think I've got to go in with the spoon here. Cheers Oh Oh, good. Mm-hmm squid baked in Mm lots of different types of I think it's a tomato sauce on top of squid, which is the first for me actually Wow without any further ado I feel like I was a little lucky with mine because it looks so cool This is the I have ordered a grilled scallop dish which is in Korean style the man who said So I'm not told the sure how to do this maybe I should try one without any salt or lemon first Yeah, this is good. Mm-hmm. I have to try one more Lemon as well. Mm-hmm. Yeah, mine is the coolest one I'm not okay. You can loosen it like this and then Mm-hmm. Oh, that's so good. You don't even need the lemon the balance in it tastes is so perfect You get all the salt attached to the bottom of the shell Nice dude. I have to try one. No, I think I will have it from myself It must be delicious But one thing we can say is that the Philippines Nail Steve seafood Finally I'm looking forward to this for months and months, man. Yeah And we're finally going for a very first swim here in work. I Yes, you know long times since last time we went swimming in the ocean. Yeah, it's not been since India in go actually Which is many months ago. I can't even remember looking so forward to trying this beach Outter Oh Oh, yeah, that's good. That's good. Oh, yeah Hi It's beautiful and the sound there is no stone squirrels at the wall. It's just pure flower sound Famous last words. Yeah beautiful All right, so just along the beach here we found a really sweet restaurant. When I'm very interesting dish It's pretty much raw fish. Yeah We have tried it before in sushi and some previous but not like this at all The answer actually asked if this was sushi as we bought it. Yeah, yeah, yeah And you said no not the But well by the way to the Tenshi outlet. Yeah, oh, it looks so delicious Okay It's raw what the kind of fish wife red I don't know it's very oniony and sour from the calamari Sounds delicious. Actually, this is very refreshing. Mm-hmm. If I didn't do this as well, man I'm gonna go down and look at this view that we have as we're eating this Oh, you have to show that how we see thing. Yeah, it's like sitting on pillows And then we have this beach babes in the background. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Some to the wrong. Mm-hmm. How is it? I love the other bunch of onions and salad to it. Yeah, it's very refreshing Because we've all heard Anyway, we're gonna eat into this probably finish it and we'll see you guys in a little bit Quite emotional moment for us actually. Oh, yeah, we've been in city for a long long time. Yeah Finally Finally after all this time. Yeah, we haven't needed to Yeah, just watch this sunset It may be better on Toast and This is just amazing. I do you know what I like to text about this beach is that we have figured out that dinosaurs are real Oh wow the strange part is that they're much much smaller than we first expected But you know movies and everything you see here that in the sand there is some What is it called a seaweed? Yeah, we can just eat that it's not the problem at all. No, no, no Anyway, we just had some delicious raw fish and now we are moving on there on the beach. Yes. What are we looking for? Ah, I don't know we're looking for but we hear a lot of music. So should we follow our site? Our Audio maybe a mix Hello Ah nice No, at the beach you can even get my phone Probably wear the problem for me with beach matoches It's up you get all this oil and then you will lie down in the sand I assume Yeah into your back the sand is It will be like a murdering a fish with salt it would probably be more like Expo-lash Real estate. Yeah, that's true. You actually have those so if you need a exfoliation or that's your guys. Yeah Anyway, we are going to look for some water. Wow You filming the beach. Oh yeah, where is it? Oh nice Don't you have the same drone as this yeah, that's a cool. I'm sure it's DJI DJI Mini Ah, Mini 3 Ah, Mini 3 Okay, I'll do that one Ah, that's sweet Very nice You want to push it? Push it this way I do want to try What? Okay I'm trying to push it this way and it's going up Yeah? Yeah Okay Okay, let's go Pantada Who said we couldn't get a burraki beach footage Okay, so I guess we Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so I'm running into the trees Where are we? We're there. What show? All right Do you know you can do that there? You know that I ain't even gonna do it, that's okay Probably change it Not not here It's a key problem Yeah I tried to do that with mine on running into a tree I already run into you Yeah, twice Oh, you're not gonna do it Let's do it too, Anne Bye guys Thank you You're out You Do you want to go to that beach for? That looks awesome We have a kid get a drink And we are at the new restaurant here Yes And now we have this beautiful view As you can see Right next to the beach And we have ordered ourselves some apertures Pure apple juice This is it Number one Aaron Kilbins We love it It's not orange But Wow, work is so beautiful Even from this vantage point It's fantastic Sun has already set pretty You can see it's the only nice place Wow Just see this beautiful presentation of the apple juice We have a beer glass We have a lime We have ice We have apple juice And we have paper I feel like it adds a little bit of Extra acidity to the apple juice And also you have it This is very common in the islands But we are working to Cheers guys Cheers to Skol Skol Tagaya Tagaya And it's the next morning Oh, we've had two wonderful days here in What a guy Oh yes, oh that's too short I gotta put my glasses back on Oh Yeah We had a great time The The wives there are fantastic Mmm Love it And so beautiful It's actually unbelievable Have beautiful days here Yeah This is the most beautiful time of the day I think I think so When they see us all the way up to The prominent of what it's called It's like it doesn't even look real It's so beautiful Yeah We were discussing this yesterday We were unsure How can we appreciate this Full-live Because it's so An overload Yeah like while you're here It doesn't even make sense Because it's so beautiful Yeah like it's just Stupid beautiful And we've had a lot of delicious food Oh yeah, the seafood Oh Mmm And the pizza I don't know if we showed that We had a delicious pizza as well Yeah, oh that pizza is so good And that raw fish Yeah, that was crazy Yeah, and also the shells Which you saw a bit earlier So good I feel very satisfied having come here We saved this for our last part of Our Philippine strip Yeah Because this would be the perfect way to go out Um We're gonna make a little bit of a video Why we're leaving Next We're gonna sit up So you can It's gonna be sad Yeah, yeah, yeah And I thank you so much for having us And uh Yes Hopefully We'll see you next time