 Yeah. Hi and welcome back to another video. So today we have got Philippines Marigal Singles in Uruguay it says it is a tool. I've had a few suggestions. People telling me to react to this. I always want something new and I always like prepared to listen to more things so I'm always like come on what's this? Let's see it. Let's see it. So yeah this is it is tool in Philippine Marigal Singles. I hope this is the right one that you've been telling me to react to. So I can't wait. So if you know hi my name is Samantha and welcome to my channel. If you're not subscribed please do subscribe because many more videos will be coming along and the original video that I am reacting. I will leave it down in the bar so you can go and watch it and see it and appreciate it a little more. So yeah let's go ahead and see this video. It is tool. I am completely speechless. I am so grateful that you've been telling me to suggest that I should react to this. I've not been able to go to church these year and a half even before having ever knew because the last time I went which was a little child has a little baby. I mean has a little baby. So that is that. I just don't know what to say when they're it really shocks me how amazing that is and who doesn't appreciate that doesn't really listen to him and doesn't appreciate every single vocal towards all of them singing together and appreciating life and who doesn't appreciate it then they're not just not listening properly. Let's carry on. Wow. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. They should be very grateful for listening to that. They should be so so so grateful Whoa I wish I was there It already give me same-ouch goosebumps and you don't know how much Whoa Wow wow I just I'm honestly in shocked That was so good. I'm so grateful. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much from Touched suggestion this thank you. Honestly, honestly, wow That was so good. Honestly, I just can't believe it how that is really just touch me so much I used to sing in a choir so it's As a child Wow I really want to go back to seeing these things in life, you know, me sitting there Whoa, thank you. Thank you. Honestly, you don't know how much I'm grateful for this. Thank you so much Thank you. Honestly Thank you So if you've got any comments about this video nice positive comments Please leave a down below and like I said, I will leave the original so you can go and see it and Appreciate it. Amazing. I'm so grateful. Honestly, you don't know how much growth thought that I am about this So I've been these coming. Oh, yeah. Say hello. Hi Oh, I didn't you so I'm gonna go we're gonna go yeah Super bye to everyone So thank you so much. So yeah, so I know you'll happen amazing day Please take care and I'll see you all in my next video. Bye Oh, yeah, no, don't do that. Super bye then Bye Bye Oh, give me kiss bye