 They have a lounge at Manila Airport. I have no idea. Wait, you get to drive your own golf cart? Problem is, we don't have a mampulo money. Are we doing an intro? Yes, I do something. Okay. What's that feeling? It is. Hi guys. I'm Mike. I'm Ellie. We're from making it happen vlog on Manchannel right up here. No! No! Practice! Practice! What is up guys? I'm Mike. I'm Ellie. We're to travel vloggers based now. We're to travel vloggers based in my country city bringing you good vibes, travel videos, food vlogs, lifestyle vlogs on a Manchannel making it happen vlog. Which will pop up right here. But on this channel we react to videos, use senders and Oscars to react to and today. We are reacting to Philippines' most exclusive resort which is... In other words. I just wanted to go surf. I just wanted to do surf. I'm on Pulo. Oh, I'm on Pulo. I'm on Pulo? You're on Pulo. Anyways guys. I think I noticed that when Ellie kind of knows what I'm about to say, she just says it. Yes. So this resort is located in Palawan and it looks absolutely stunning. We already had a look at it because... Because so many people send us messages to go there and experience it for ourselves. But the problem is... We don't have a Mampulo money. We ain't rich like that. Yeah, it's a high-end luxury resort. I had a look, quick look on booking.com but I already forgot how it looks like. So today we are reacting to a travel couple that is called Romaro and they messaged us... If you have a great red planet you want us to check out. We got a red planet money. Hop in money. We got hop in money. That's money we got. So, what do they want to say? Oh yeah, it's from a couple Romaro and when they were in the Philippines, they actually messaged us and saying, Hey, we are Manila. Would you guys like to meet up? We weren't here back then but... But now we are here. Now we are here, now they are not here. Anymore but I'm excited to see the video and what it is about. So... Let's jump right into the video. Killing. Killing. So, one more. My friends are ready. Nice. Wow, look at that water. So funny when you come to the Philippines, kids automatically come to you and say hi and what's your name? It's not interesting with you. That looks awesome. Wow. Is that it? That's not it. Hey guys. We are here. We are back at Manila Airport but this time we are at the Alman-Bulu lounge. We are headed to one of the, I think it's actually the number one hotel in the Philippines and one of the top hotels in the entire world. Wow. Alman-Bulu. So it's part of the Amal brand. But what? They have a lounge at Manila Airport. I have no idea. That is. That is extra extra. Exclusive to say of the leaves. They are very VIP. You have to take a private plane owned by Amal and we head out to the island which is part of Pau-An. So we are headed back to the area of the world we are just in. But you can see right behind us they have their own little security. This is like their own private airport hanger and right there is the lounge. The time is finally here. They have rolled out the red carpet. It's a nice red carpet right there. Isn't it good though? Just to let you guys know we are huge airport lounge fans. We like to like the whole life. We go to the airport extra early so we can spend time at the airport lounge. There. That would be so nice to fly. Private aeroplane. We actually had some experience. I love the video. This is my office manager. Yeah of course. Hello sir. Is there Scott Hower you? Pleasure to have you here. How is the flight? It's beautiful. Alright so we have landed safely. There is the plane right there and again red carpet treatment. Right? Carpet amazing and we got fresh flowers. I guess it is kind of getting me. They smell amazing. What a greeting. Yes this is a service. Alright guys, Amon Pulo is by far one of the most posh hotels in the world that we've ever been to. It's our prime time. I want to go to the... I want to go to the... It's nice. It's authentic but also unpretentious. I mean a lot of hotels claim to be five star but Amon Pulo sets the standard. The white sand beaches feel like they are out of a movie set here. They are so powdery soft. Look at this. Yeah. I know. It's beautiful. It's the following one. Yes. I mean these ocean are just like a pool. It's perfectly clear, calm and it looks like a thin and a fat one. Well the island is still a bit of a gauze part together. It takes about five to ten minutes to get around the island. But don't worry, there's never any traffic. And what's nice is you can walk around the entire island in about an hour and a half. But make sure you bring plenty of sunscreen because this sun is really intense. I mean look at this gym. Have you ever seen a hotel gym like this? They have battle ropes. They have heavy kettlebells, dumbbells. Okay. These guys look like gym people. Yeah. They look pretty ripped. They have seen many gym people. Already gym I've seen it, the gym from the office. But the... My dals. It's like gym lovers, heaven. And not only do they have amazing span, crazy good gym here. But they have something called a jungle run. So it's like an outdoor obstacle. Of course. You can climb ropes. You're a little monkey in the jungle. People go on vacation to work out. We can't forget about stuff. We can't forget about people. It's where time seems to stop. Cocktails seem to disappear. And hearts seem to melt for this amazing, luxurious island. Wow. Look at this. Wow. Oh. Yeah. You will see love so clearly. I like it. There's a few things you want to tell you if you're going to go to the Philippines. So first of all, you're going to want to know what the currency is. And guess what? It's the peso, the Filipino peso. And that's because it was ruled by the Spaniards for over 300 years. By a king named King Phillip. Hence, Philippines. The Philippines. So the language here is Tagalon and English. Tagalon is the native language. Tagalon. It's like us. The language is Tagalon. But if you want to tagalon, feel free to. That was the lame joke. Why not so many lame jokes today? I'll put it in the... Speak English. And that's because after the Spanish rule, then the Americans came over and we colonized for about 50 years. And lastly, what's most important is the time to come. There are two seasons, wet and dry. So wet season is June to November and dry season is December 10, so make sure to come here in the dry season. Thanks for watching these facts. Back to you then. Okay, I like that they are sharing some facts. That's just a little side note to get to know the country. Just what it is about. Small piece of history. And then back to island vibes. We made it. Okay guys, so there's something really cool going on today. Wait. What? Wait. What? You get to drive your own golf cart. I have always wanted to drive a golf cart. Nobody lets me drive the golf cart. Link up the video where I get the knife here. Which video was that? You get the knife so many times I forgot. So here's a little back story. If you don't watch our vlogs, every time we go somewhere and we drive in a specific vehicle, no matter if it's on full wheels or if it's flying or if it's floating, Mike always asks one question. Can I drive? And so far I have our front vehicle, buzzers, boats, tricycle. Yes. Many vehicles, no plans yet. Pilots don't seem to want to let me. Yeah, I think that's for our own safety. Hello, that is a turtle hatching. Yes, we happen to be here the one time they actually have a turtle. Oh. Or the releasing turtle. I'm not really sure how they know it's a hatching, but yeah, it's about to happen in like 10 minutes. So we're super excited to see little baby turtles. Just as the sun goes down over the Sulu sea, it's kind of a nice experience. It's beautiful. This afternoon they are going to release 52 baby creatures. Cute. Why do the family look too close? To learn a minus. Big happy. Don't worry baby. No. Oh, look at that question. So cute. Right, so the turtles are on their way now. We got to watch, what, 50, 60, about 55? 55 turtles. Turtles released. We had to stay behind the barrier. We couldn't get too close, but they all made it. They all were swimming. And we learned that only one percent per cent make it. But we'll see. I have high hopes. Usually within like a minute, a couple of days they have food for three days and then they kind of hide for safety. And then they start eating plankton and grass and then they basically. Disappear for like 30 years. Yeah, they go to the world to grow and then after around 30 years that's the comeback. I feel like that's a lot like humans in a way. So we'll come back in 30 years and see if they came back. But is it human ears? Because dog ears are different ears. Okay. I think it's just ears. Yes, our ears. Yes, our ears. Did you change the thing? No. Did you swig it? I'll flip it off. So a little sorry from my experience is that you are not supposed to touch the turtles. I was on a trip where I didn't add for a tour company and the marketing lady wanted to touch the turtles and they said no you can't touch them. And she could really mad about it because she wanted to touch them and hold them and take pictures. Don't touch the turtle. Don't feed the turtle. Don't. Just let me just leave the turtles be please. Just like other animals. Put in the clip of my monkey. Which one? Don't throw food at the side of the sea. Do not shoot laser beams out of your eyes into the monkey's eyes. Do not go shopping with the monkey. Make the other monkey jealous by stroking the... Nice view. I want to jump into the water right now. To seek my art lens with an indistossum. I can tell. The day is the day we've been waiting for. We are headed out to a private sand bar on a mena monk island. I think I'm really pronouncing that poorly. It's basically supposed to be on the other side of that little island right there. And one of those boats is our boat. And we're going to go hang out at a private sand bar. Have a picnic and it's just going to be the two of us. And you guys too. Basically just the two of us. And I'm in Pula organized this amazing day for us. We're going to be there for four hours. And they even made a picture of apparel spritz. Oh, look how excited. So we've got... I guess this is our boat right there. The guys are getting it all set up. Look at that water. Welcome to the Philippines. It's not only they have a lot of amazing beaches. Like the music thing. Yes. Very good by her. Virtual. Which use the song? Not really. The lion. Our first stop is the island of Manamok, which means the island of many mosquitoes. Hopefully we don't see any or feel any. You want to be on camera, Russ? Hi. This is Russ's island. So he's going to show us around. So how are we? Nice to meet some locals. We've friends already. So we're at Mosquito Island. That's the name. But supposedly they're not that name. And there's our little welcoming committee. This island must be covered in this. Okay. It's nice that they're getting some local boxes. Wow. Because as luxurious as it is to be on this island, if you also want to see what the Philippines is about. Almond Poulot does everything five-star. Right now they're setting up our lunch behind us on the sand bar. And because there was a little seaweed, they decided to rake the seaweed. So maybe you can see. Wow. See the rake right there? Everything has to be perfect on their standards. So even though there's natural seaweed, they took care of it. Wow. Thank you. We look up to paradise. Thank you. Salamad. I'm private sand bar. So we are on the sand bar, the beautiful private sand bar. And we're having lunch right there. This is the beach. We're having lunch right there. This is paradise. It's mean, idyllic. I'm blown away. I've never seen anything like this. We've been to a lot of beaches around the world, but this is one of a kind. So I... There's also a big sand bar. I think it's called Kalam-Kalam-Kamam Island. There's also a big sand bar. I think it's called Kalam-Kamam Island. There's lots of information. All right, so... I don't know why we talked about this, but Kalet is going to shock an abier on this sand bar. We just felt like it was a little too classy and we needed to like college a little bit. That's basically it. This place is too classy for us, so we're going to be very unclassy right now. That's ready for me. I'm going to have a belly ache. Do you represent my alma mater? There's a six five. Oh my god, it means just nothing. I want it built. Now my belly ache is born. Finish it. This is fantastic. I'm going to pick up the... I'm going to pick up the... Oh, like whoa! College! So this has been fantastic so far on the sand bar. There are some spritzes and some beers and just walked around, went in the water. She's still a perfect afternoon for us to enjoy in the Philippines. Nice. Oh, look at the shades of blue and tall boys. Only in the Philippines. All right, we made it to our last stop of the day, which is the Hawaiian barn. That is bamboo and tag along. So it's a tag along. Sorry, sorry, sorry, I'm laughing. Behind me. It's just so funny for me because we were the same. We said all the words in the book. Leshom. Let's enjoy some crispy leshom. We talked about this. Many times you're on the channel. So if you missed those videos, definitely check it out. There is a whole playlist here. We should make a playlist called Mike and Nelly being embarrassing. Nelly being embarrassing. You can see Amitula right there. But we're here for some sundowners, the cocktails and the eating. Munchies. Probably some fresh. Oh, look at the fish. It's so cool. What on these fish? The big ones. Is that a bad fish? What is that? I don't think I've seen these. It's so nice. Wow. All right, guys. Our time here has wrapping up as you can hear by the noise about to start. Our chariot awaits. The red carpets rolled out. And it's our last sausage of luxury before we fly back to Mennilla. Nice. Mmm. Nice view from the plane. Really cool. I am a farmer. I am a farmer. That was it. That was an abrupt ending. Yeah. But he didn't tell people to subscribe. Yes. I'll do it for you. Check out the channel below and subscribe if you haven't seen it. Don't you drop, bro. That was really awesome. Yeah. Like if we ever get a chance to experience it, that would be amazing. Yeah. I'm a polo. I'm a lever. I'm a lever. If anybody is watching, think, think, think, think. I already had a comment somewhere on this video. I think it was on this video. It was a former employee. And they can't really say anything because of the non-slaught agreement. Not the scoza. A agreement. But they had a lot of celebrities and royals as guests. So it's super, super exclusive. So I hope we can make it this on the next episode of POS. Yes. Until then, we'll just watch it. Yes. Alright, guys. If you enjoyed this video, we should give it a thumbs up if you have any other recommendations or videos we should react to. Head on over to Instagram, making it happen. Blog and Nellie's Life. Yes. Underline capital of the Philippine Radio. And send us your recommendations. Also, support us by hitting that subscribe button down below because we are also under quarantine. And I think we need the entertainment of filming these videos and I'm sure you guys enjoy watching it. So that being said, I hope you have an amazing day and we'll see you guys next time on... What's up Philippine? Bye bye.