 mitigate the loss until the property is weak parece Okay. It's your dice! You can hear the bill. Okay. Hello, how are you? I'm good. Hello, how are you? Oh網 whispering faintly. You want to have a cow? Happy fiscal issue goal In-?? Good morning Awesome I'm going to grab the other one. Oh yeah? Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Wish. The blue people. The blue people. The blue people. The blue people. The blue people. The blue people. Okay. Did you send any message? I received a message. Thanks. Thank you Cocoa. Yes. You can step up and come next time. Yeah. Right? It looks easier. Is there our net? Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Is it a drink? It's a bar. It's a mini drink. I think it's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. Is it a good one? Or is it a good one? Or is it a good one? Oh, it's a good one. Hello. It's a good one. It's a good one. No, that's for you. So, you can order now. We order now? Two parking lots of beers. Two parking lots of beer. One now, one at 5.5. Yes, one. So, now, if you don't bring it before 6 p.m. It's only you. Then you pay for the price. Sir, I'm in three... I've been feeding you back at my 50 seconds... I've been that's for 30 years back. And if you want to, I just need you to... And you just take the chicken from now? Yeah. Yes. Fish and chicken. How about fish and chip? No, it's nothing closer than this one. Especially when you're there. But we want to lay down. Okay. We'll order later. Okay. Are we both there? Okay. You want one here? Over there. It's not the marital. You can go there. It's not the marital. Yeah, okay. It's not the marital. Wherever you would be facing. Yeah. But when you think, Should we go there or say? It's okay over here. Yeah, it's okay. Because when I go over there, they're going to come and touch me. I don't like catching fish. Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you feeling uncomfortable? No, I'm not. You're not comfortable. So how was your Valentine's day starting? Nice. So, same thing. That's some work for me. I got a thing for the first time. I know what it's like. I know what it's like. Even when I used to work, Same thing. It could be Christmas. And I can't. Same thing. Yeah. You guys. So when? Then work then. So tell me about my boyfriend. You have a member close down. When the close, when the two of you go back to your brother? Yeah, you remember the close. Oh, hello. Hello. Happy Valentine's Day. Happy Valentine's Day. We're going to be going on your side. Huh? We're going to take a walk. We're going to take a walk. Yeah. Happy Valentine's Day. Thank you. What is your Valentine's Day? What? A full-length. A full-length. What is it? What is it? It's a different one. It's a different one. So lovely. Happy Valentine's Day. Thank you. Happy Valentine's Day. This one not my girlfriend This one not my girlfriend I'm so scared Wow, 100 No, I don't want thank you, thank you So I'm not bothered Like 20 cars I don't make it, I know make it Wait Yes So I'm not bothered So I'm not bothered I don't want thank you So I'm not bothered This is sanitized glass It is sanitized glass properly I don't want to get sick Yeah sanitize I don't want to I want corona In the pocket, corona is happening One time for the phone Yes, yes So you have a number of phones? Oh, you have a number of phones? What? My name is Apoel I don't think it's fun to play So you are calling a number of phones One now and one before six Yes, is that okay? Yes, so we get from How much is a phone? 400 I have a number of phones Only 165 Okay, no big deal, we have money We have a lot of money, man Oh Thank you So let's have a drink Most places are half You know 50% Yeah So, we are going to be able to drink this So our order is here chicken So we get chicken guys for now And then Later on we will see what we are going to get So this is the partner of our drinks You okay, Malab? How many is this? How many is this? This is like you know? Crazy Crazy Look like we came early He is early for us This is the first time we came here like early Most of the time we came here like Ito Klaak or 9 o'clock and everything But right now we come early If you want to want to You know the house Okay You can go there He hit you She said She said She said She said She said She said he didn't get me the unit So She said She said She said I said I said Get your N部 I said That means you bet I said That means That means you bet I said I said I said Just fry You said We are performing If not Yes It is ok Die I already know what to do We have no taste to be taken in most of the time I don't know I don't know I don't know But this is the final day At the last time we came here What's the number? No You all know Oh yeah, the number We bought the last lockout Yeah We bought the last lockout We bought the last lockout No, we came here with the open Yeah Open But now it's a lot of people's house We're coming here We're coming here We're coming here We're coming here We're coming here Somebody listen to me I know My sister is always stuck with me But sometimes we have to be careful Because I'm going to be stuck and stuck in the face That's why I'm going to be stuck in the face That's why I'm going to be stuck in the face You know the chicken has no salt No nut No, no, no Is this because you're with a happy hour? It's a fact that you're with a happy hour It's a fact that you're with a happy hour That's good, sir You're with us I'm going to be back Next time I think I have to wait one year Like three I'm going to be back I'm always stuck inside What? You're taking my hand You're taking my hand You're taking my hand You're taking my hand You're taking my hand You're taking my hand This is going to be it I'm loving because you know last the last time we've become here This one lady Call her my brother He called her also a message Like Well you know me forever I don't even know that you are my sister But I mean she's trying to friendly You know little on She has something like his hangui So yeah So she She is a member that my sister is not here She's not here But we've become on your sister's time Oh Oh Come on I'll go check I don't want to wait Call her your my now She's here She's here This one is with love You know what this Taiwan You know what this is You know what this is French fries are Thank you Thank you So French fries game So our French fries game No you need to put this one This was it But you have to put this one The white sauce Yeah So we are the French fries And then little on Also the fish and cheese So that's gonna be later We just ordered that I think about five minutes ago I feel later yeah I'm so This is just for us And then later on Also we can order for our dinner Yokeyamiam Yokeyam Yeah So Yokeyamiam So we are going to drink one bottle Only one yeah Yeah this gonna be the In the glass we are gonna be for A second bottle Yokeyamiam Yokeyamiam You make here no I'm just going to drink I'm gonna get 12 bottles coming I look like the French fries Now it's little Yeah Why it is a little Before it's more What did you do? Well the last time we came here You know when we ordered the fries I think that was more than now What better you don't want Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah We have to like this We'll regret We like one more We like one So what do you want to do then? Or do we get one? Yeah we get two Yeah So this is our Sikan order we get Fish and chips Yeah she will be okay Yeah we will eat But you know the ride You can eat I want some So Our dough It's a doughy scheme So we order two Two pizza We order G-G-G-T-E-N And the other one is Overload So it's like a vegetarian also But it's made And that So this is our Sikan Sikan bucket of Beer So Yamiya is talking to her friend Because We don't know Yeah we eat this So We eat this So let's eat How it is? You like it? What's up? Okay We had it about that Yeah Yeah But that It's really good Yeah Oh, Baba It's really good So So I'm going to make that You know the ingredients So So So So So It's a bit more So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to show you how to make this. A delicious... See you again! A delicious... This is a good food by my mom. Give it to the persons who love you and bring what they want. This is a very refreshing and sweet recommendations. Thank you. I'm going to the train to Gordley. It's so welcoming. There's more foam. So we're going to have some beach and drink. So we're going to the beach. I don't know. Dr. Ubeqa is so hot. It's your... It's your little brother. It's your little brother. It's your little brother. It's your little brother. Oh, right. We're almost done. We're going to the beach. So where are we going next? So where are we going next? Is that next? You don't want to go home? We're not going to see next. When singing? Yeah. I mean, we cannot try to say this place. I mean, me and Mrs. Joe, we want to sing. I mean, just sing, guys, but if you order, you need to order at least one button. One button to be here. Yeah. Because you know, you can just go to this place without ordering, or mail, or something. I mean, we never try, but I know that you go to this kind of place. You need to order at least something like... Or go there. Okay, we just order one here. No, I think it should be okay. No, but we order at least one here. You can bring this. Yeah. We're almost done here at Pankechipi, guys. So maybe we're going here in the place. Well, thank you there, guys. So, see you later.