 Vitya Friday. The freshest. You guys have literally blown me away with some of the best crowds that I have ever witnessed and they're all from the Philippines, right? So... Now we've gone bigger and better. You've guys sent me more videos and I've compiled them and I'm going to show them to Valeska and I'm going to blow her mind. Because look at this, you know what happens when like, say normal artists, they're like, oh, but you know, we're waiting. We're waiting and you're quiet. You know, maybe you speak to your next two or something as you perform the next song, no. Yeah, that was like freaking harmony. Yeah, and what's funny is, it's like, oh, but you know, maybe, maybe what happens when, I don't know. There's technical difficulties or something else. You have seen evidence before with Ben and Ben, but what happens if he's the backstreet boys? Oh my god, I've never seen any crowd in the world do it like that. I don't know. I don't know the lyrics and I blame all the sister for getting me into the backstreet boys. But you know, let's say for example, oh, you know, the backstreet boys, they're a pop band, Ben, the tonics, that's also quite pop. What happens if it's like electronic music? Okay. Also, excuse this video, he's in fucking two pixels per second. He's the change smokers. Oh my god, they're so loud. Oh my god, they're so loud. Oh my god, they're so loud. Oh my god, they're so loud. Oh my god, they're so loud. Oh my god, they're so loud. Oh my god, they're so loud. Oh my god, they're so loud. Oh my god, they're so loud. She became popular in the USA, but perhaps in the 90s, maybe perhaps things are not as popular. This was five years ago. Hey, I question you. Look at me in the eyes, yeah. To me in the scream, yeah, kid, whatever part of the world with this fucking happening, a mole mate. Whatever mole you walk into in this other world, in this big blue bubble, this big blue ball, yeah. That's gonna fucking happen. I don't wanna be so shy. It's like the most fucking contrasting set of fucking words ever been said in the essay more of Aisha Arena, Philippines. Oh, so when we went to one, it makes, yeah. I noticed that about a lot of the people I came from the Philippines. They wouldn't say Philippines, they would say with a P, and they would say a lot of stuff with a P. Why? I don't know, I think it's just the accent, but why? What in the language would make you sort of call that way? It's hard to do the F sound. What? The phalanches. Yeah. That would be quite hard. Let me know in the comments. I've had that question for such a long time. Are you okay? Because people are like, oh, the Filipino accent is this and that. And it's like, but why is it always with the piece? Oh, that's the word question. Anyways, now you would presume, right? That's the foreign artist, right? Maybe they wanna show them what the Filipino crowd can do, right? But then what happens if he's an artist or a group from the Philippines? I think you know who I'm talking about. They're most wild fans right now in the Philippines. They go by the name of 18 SB 19 fans. Look at this shit. This is a wish bus performance, ladies and gentlemen. And we followed the previous track. We were just going to start the performance now And imagine, com h课, can't do yourottest task. It became wrinkle Halloween,visual stars, and that's just a Honda, and we gotShin and Kept 그래서, wow. FLOR. I think it even runs what the fuck? No, I said I said I have. Oh my God, alright we got it. Jesus Christ. No, no, no, no. My speakers, but look, look, it gets even better. Look at this, like, do you want another angle? I give you the 360 experience, eh? I like how there's so many people like Jesus. Like, that's a successful concert mate. That is a freaking concert, they want to a concert, bro. Also, something I noticed about the wish-boss performances, the mix that they get on the outside is basically just their vocals. That is just the vocals. And it's a music, they get the music as well, but... But it's like they're so forward. Mad. I'm just listening to them like, why? That is even more about thawing things in the experience. Like, you're crazy. Yeah, that is madness. That is really crazy. Bro, that's so fucking crazy. That's like eating halohalo with sweet chili. That's fucking madness, bro. Halohalo with mayonnaise. That's basically what I wanted to prove, ladies and gentlemen, that I think it settled. You're gonna have, it's gonna be up to you, yeah? Up to you, kid, watching right now, yeah? To prove that, perhaps, in the world, there is a most singing forward, singing with the most proclivity, probability, likelihood of singing along with your words and your songs than the Philippines. Case closed.