 Okay, so in this area I saw a post about a property that... Huuu! was quite expensive! But also knowing that it is very close to Edsa can be a little bit loud for certain residents. Forbes Park is of Henry for it to us the Peeverly Hills of Manila. It's called the Beverly Hills of Manila. I am not quite sure about the houses. It looks like a suburb within the city. Welcome to... What's up Philippines? How are you guys today? I am back with another reaction video today with a very specific topic about some really nice areas in Manila. So a little background to myself. I am Nelly. I am a travel content creator vlogger that has been living in the Philippines for over three years. And I lived in Makati, beautiful area and then also in BGC. And today I am reacting to a video called top five most expensive subdivisions in the Philippines. And I already know a few. But I don't know if you are aware. So if you're looking for property in the Philippines, you might have to be aware of these properties. These properties are just super, super expensive and exclusive. You can barely get a slot there even if you have money unless you're very lucky or have connections. So I am very, very excited to see this and watch it with you guys. Alright? Are you ready? Here we go. The area is saying that dreams do come true and these subdivisions hundreds of millions of passes is what makes dream homes a reality. The general thinking is that properties in gay-day communities cause more than the usual residential real estate. And this is often the case given the security, comfort and convenience common to this very exclusive and place. Nice to see the capital of the Philippines. Of the property. This is driven mainly by the scarcity of supply and environmental locations. This is always a major consideration for property buyers or investors. Alrighty. You are the most... Really not a huge fan of these robotic AI videos but yet we'll continue watching because I want to hear expensive subdivisions in the Philippines. 5. Bel-Air-Vee-Lee. Macati. Bel-Air-Vee-Lee is 171.21 hectares of division located on the northern side of the Macati Central Business District. It comprises three phases with Macati Avenue separating phase two from phase one and three. Which is made of two 32 streets and 950 lots. Okay. Nice info. To tie in part of the former nails on airport, the country is only airport during the American period. Bill Ears first residence remembers of the Philippine Airlines pilots Hinyon. Who wanted to have the word air in the end-clave? Also the thing that you just said, the building that you just saw got transformed into a restaurant which is very very nice, very upscale. A lot of you know artistes and politicians go there to die and so it's a very exclusive area to be at. 4. Green Hills Village, San Juan. Often associated with the shopping complex bearing the same name, Green Hills Village is also commonly interesting. It is the most upscale place to live in the city of San Juan. Many are home to size our Chinese Filipino community. It is known to have been the long time residents of former President- Oh, I am. ... in the middle of New York, just a bit straddle. In the location of cloud Filipino, her democracy leader Corazon Sia-Kino was sworn. As a country's new leader in 1986. A lot of people in the text though. Revolution. Lady. 3. Or the Netta Village, Macati. 3. Another one of Macati's exclusive enclaves, or the Netta Village is the subdivision closest to the city's central business district. A very private subdivision. The village is one of the smallest in Macati and is strictly prohibits the operation of commercial institutions in its neighborhoods. Across its Macati Avenue, it is the Yellow Triangle Park, while the enddoor length of apartment width is on its northwestern and south-western sides. It's lined by the high-rise condos, including the newly completed discovery premium. I can't be the peninsula Manila Hotel. Yes. Okay, so in this area, I saw a post about a property that... Phew, was quite expensive. It literally looked like... I don't know, a abandoned house and it went for millions, millions. And yeah, that's how it goes there. Each Macati. Popular you know, Nastasma. This marina's village is another high-profile subdivision. Ooh, Nanny's particular you know, in front of its tight security and well-maintained three-line streets. It features two parks, Campanelia Park and Mahogany Park. Nanny's also the location of the Koleia de San Juan Agustín. Consider the prime location. That's why it's surrounded by Edsa. To the northwest, ecology relays and the south-lasern expressway. Yeah, it is very well located. That's one of the things that I have to mention about this area, but also knowing that it is very close to Edsa. It can be a little bit loud for certain residents. I'm not quite sure how it is inside. I haven't been that much in day, to be honest, but it's a nice neighborhood to live at. First parks to the northeast. One, Forbes Park, Maccad… Boss Park! Forbes Park is often referred to as the Pivrely Hills of Manila, given how it is the chosen residents of some of the countries while T.S. Yes, some of them are Lumina Riz, Sadas Business Tycoon and Tanya Tony Boy Co-Wanko, and his partner actress, Crichen Barretto. Ben's clothing empire founders Ben Chon, and Filipino boxing icon and new Senator Manipak-Hel. Behind the Forbes Skates are establishments like the Manila Paula Club and the Manila Call of F and Country Club. Yeah, very exclusive, very fancy. A lot of very important people live there. Very important people with a lot of power. Okay, so I drove through Forbes Town and I drove through Does Marina's Village and also visited some people there. And I must say, although, you know, it's called the Pivrely Hills of Manila. I am not quite sure about the houses. I mean the houses that I've been to a quite average, I would say. Nevertheless, a very beautiful area. It's kind of like this bubble that you live in. It looks like a suburb within the city. So that's, I think, the biggest advantage. It's very exclusive. It's a gated community. There are even schools in there. You have church. You have a lot of things that you can explore within your own village. And the location is also like top. You are in between, especially with the last two one, you're in between Makati and BGC, which is very cool to me. And very closely, Apoet, you are just very close to Kazon City. So you have everything around you. And yeah, I think it speaks for itself that some of the most powerful and influential people live there. I personally live in a neighborhood called Park McKinley West, which is also an upcoming area. I hope my property price will increase at some point as well. And see it as a good investment. Yeah, that was it for today. Guys, if you want to see more of Nellie, I have a YouTube channel called Nellie's Life, where I document my life and travels in the Philippines. But also, lately I've been traveling quite a lot. So there are a few travel videos from outside the Philippines coming as well. I will link it done in the description box down below. And also, there's a new project that I've started, Freedom Creator Academy, which is a passion project by mine, where I want to help you become a full-time YouTuber. I will also link it in the description box down below. You can check it out. I am currently about to start a course for my viewers, for my FCA family. So I'm super, super excited about that project. If you want to ask questions about it, please feel free to shoot me a message on Instagram. And that was it for today. I hope I will see you next time here on... What's up Philippines? Bye!