 Hello! Outrageous! We have an interesting video today for you in the Philippines. There's this channel that I kind of discovered the other day where it's, uh, I forgot what it's called. I just get a minute to show something. The best ever food review show. Yeah. Yeah, so I discovered him and then I saw a video today and it was like, Oh, he's dust food in the Philippines and he's kind of, he's kind of got a fun, very professional vibe to his show. So I thought it would be kind of a cool video to do for a Philippines content. Maybe some of you haven't seen it too, so you guys get some content. See some outrageous food. Yeah, Philippines. It's starting out right here with a crocodile, so I think it's pretty like, pretty outrageous. Yeah, I've never had a crocodile before. I've never had any sort of reptile meat ever. Oh. So, let's watch him eat some crocodile and see, uh, and let us know if this is something that's like kind of just like a delicacy. Like, I know people in the United States down south eat alligator, but I don't, it's not like super common. I don't think you know what happens. I wonder if that's the same here in the Philippines where certain areas, eat crocodile, some places don't or yeah, let us know. Let's check this out. Here we go. Rotissarizing for two to three hours now. I'm really excited. This is my first time eating a frog. In the Philippines, the word the chone seems to stand for anything that's roasted rotisserie style. With the most popular example being their famous pork lachone. This is, this is insane. This is the definition of celebratory food in the folks in the countryside roasted on bamboo, turning it by hand. Do they keep it moving this whole time? Yes. For the whole four or five bucks. They take turns also. That's like a good upper body workout. Or you can order from a place like Rico's lachone in Subu City, where they use steel rods and rotate each pig. I've never had anything like that before. Is that a sauce mop? Yeah. It's not just a little bit of our city. They love their chicken mano. Machine turned until the meat is crispy on the outside, but inside it's bursting with juiciness. Wow. That chicken is so fragrant, so flavorful. Today we're blowing right past boring old pork and chicken. It's straight to crocodile lachone. Here at the Vau crocodile park. Not only is it a conservatory and they're trying to help preserve and replenish the crocodile population. They're also growing crocodiles for consumption. Interesting. Why is it okay to eat them? I'm meeting up with crocodile marketing. Let's carry it. We're going to have a couple of days. I don't know. Can you make an omelet? What's a crocodile's least favorite sound? I think the word that we normally say, they don't like that. They don't like that. Can you stop doing that please? Yes. They're like right there. And this is a conservatory. Rescue center actually. Also, you can eat some of them. Yeah. Not all of them. We have to make sure that we get the nuts in danger, the type of crocodile. For eating. Yeah. So you have a ton of different species of crocodile here. You have two different species of crocodile here. But the ones we're eating, they're not the ones that are here, right? Yes. Today we're having a full-on crocodile feast, including the incredible... I think that's chicken. Yeah. Crispy patta. What more of the chicken is this? Exactly. I haven't seen. First, we're going to prepare our croc for roasting. Today's crocodile is farm-raised. That's so weird. That's so weird. Weasen at 30 kilograms. But first, they need to secure it onto the steel rod, which is much harder to do with a crocodile. It's basically like a giant chicken breast. It's not going to hold on. And so they have to take kind of the spine, tie it inside. We're going to put in all these seasonings, and then they'll put it back together and tie it again, right? Exactly. Just like pork lachone, this croc is stuffed with a ton of seasonings. Do you season it inside of the tail too? Yeah. I'm a grasshopper. I could never be like a cook like that. That'd be so gross to touch on at once. Whoa. Lots of chilies here. Is this going to be spicy? I don't know. You put it on, and I'll just like push it in there, do some CPR here. Do we need to season this arm at all? Literally. Like, my suitcase coming here when I flew. I wasn't even this pack. After being stuffed with seasonings, they add in soy sauce, so it all the way shut and let it sit in a refrigerator overnight. It is the next day. Oh my goodness. We are here with a freshly marinated crocadile. You know, when you sew it up, it really becomes a bit more slender. And now we're going to have a roasting process. It's going to take three hours. Oh, it is like a thousand degrees here. In Fahrenheit, in Celsius, it's like seven. You roll it continuously for three hours, so this has to be done manually. Yes, yes. You're doing this for the next three hours? Oh, man. You're bad. Jeez. I'm trying my time and a half. I think so. We can do that. I'm just a little concerned. I just want to use my influenced carcass. Okay. That's a tough job. It's a protein rich meat without too much fat. It's a good meat. How many people do you think this will feed? More than 50 people. This is going to keep Roqueous Trio. You can just eat crocadile soup and food. Yeah, I love it. Apparently. Maybe extra vacation day. Alright. While the crocadile is roasting, I'm meeting up with Jane, who's going to show me three crocadile dishes offered at their restaurant Riverwalk. Home of crocadile, C.C. Jane. What an astounding ensemble of food on trays. Yeah. Beautiful food. Our three crocadiles on trays include crocadile spicy, crocadile steak and crispy pata. That's so weird. The crispy one. That looks like a weird chicken. The next one looks like this. Covered a gravy. Nice. What I like is there's some beef bouillon on here. It's crocadile. That's kind of dressed up like that. I really want to try it out. Yeah. Spicy starts with garlic, onion, then the crocadile meat. They're on slot of seasoning, has no shortage of chili powder or hot sauce. Once it turns a sufficient shade of hell, it's ready. The crocadile is so spicy that the camera guy had to run out the door while it was being cooked. The air around it became spicy. It's very cool. Oh, gosh. It looks so good, but I don't think I can handle that, then. It kind of looks like sesame chicken. But it would be like, you know, bite it, and we're like, oh! I'm really enjoying it so far. Let's try this out. I'm going to fork it out. Oh, that looks amazing. It is spicy. It's a bit spicy, but I welcome it. It's a welcoming spice. Crocadile meat is a tough one because it doesn't have much fat at all. It can become a little bit tough. Next up, crispy pata. It's legendary in the Philippines. Pork hawk fried until crispy and irresistible. Today, we're doing it with a crocac. Deep fried for about five minutes. Interesting. From the rear hawk. Okay, and it's been frying for a good amount of time. Did you see that? Can I bring this home? Sure. I'm going to tear off some of this meat right here. Oh, that looks nice. Steaming hot, crispy. We're going to throw it into some of that sauce there. And let's try some of this crocodile. The sauces look really good. Yeah. It is good. It's from my favorite. The traditional backstack crocodile is low in calorie. So it's a good meat. So you can eat a ton of it. Yeah. Obviously, you can see just tremendously crunchy on the outside. But the arms actually have a good amount of kind of sinewy fat in there that make it a bit softer. Reptiles and birds are closely related in a lot of ways. It's like the arms of the crocodile are a little bit like dark meat. Is that possible? Is this an evolutionary discovery? We can tackle that later. Yeah, let's tackle that later. Completely meat. I never would have imagined this was a real thing. You've absolutely murdered it. You know what I mean? We nailed it. Nailed it. You nailed it. They also murdered this crocodile. What if the endanger wants to eat sped up? They may be. The whole crocodile is beautifully roasted. It's ready to come off. What is the best part of the crocodile? The most recommended part is the many. The mostest we can get from the spices inside. So from here, we're just going to pull it off. Right? Yes. So right now we're transferring the big old croc. Yeah. Yeah, buddy. So we're going to cut this off. There's a bunch of little kids that come to the zoo and they're like, Oh, let's see some crackin in the book. Ha ha ha ha. You can see that. You can't even start up like a monkey there. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's like the angry monkey here. But yeah. Before jumping in, they cut off some of the strings and pull out the steel rod. That is a clean removal. We're digging in right away. We're taking off the hind quarter. To eat the pork. The crocodile pork. Oh, we're going to eat the pot. It's called the pot. Oh, I don't like that. It's like a loo. It's like a loo. Crocodile arm. The back. Well, you can like see all the tendons. Yeah. I'll just tear off the hand. So I can just nod on the skin. The skin can be used for making wallets, belts, and so on. But the skin that remains can be eaten and shared with friends. Oh. The skin off. Just like that. Now listen, I would feel so selfish to eat this alone. I got a piece for you. Yeah, that's not right. I'm dripping off his other piece of skin here from the hand. Oh, just jump into it. Cheers. That's really tasty. I did not expect that. That is out there. Crispy gelatinous. It's got some like, joanous. Tell me that's good for men's stamina or something. Now we're going to do it in the whole situation part. Yeah, the belly part. The Crocodile. All the seasonings have soaked in the meat there. We're going to have a nice reveal here in a second. And you can see all those beautiful spices we had put in there, previously. And the aroma. This steam coming out of here is like a Vietnamese sauna. It's nice. Lemon grass. Beautiful fresh cut of crocodile belly. That looks tasty. Golden, reddish, orange on the outside. It looks like fish. The roasted crocodile that's shown. Let's go for it. Mmm. That's tasty. It's somewhere between chicken and fish. It's got some chickening texture. And a little bit of fish flavor. It's a bit firm. It's a little tough, but it's not bad. Completely unlike anything else I've ever had. I mean, it's a whole freaking crocodile. Are you guys hungry? I'm honored that the Val Crocodile Park roasted this crock, serving up this unbelievably unique experience just for us. So the least I can do is share with some visitors and get their thoughts too. Trying crocodile to show him flavors. I'll definitely try it. I'm going to be able to pick. I'd like to try the different styles. Can you hear anything if you don't like it? We have a close up camera on your face right now. Every emotion you feel will be revealed to people watching. What do you think? It's just good, actually. I think it's just with the presence of the head of the crocodile. But I like the taste. Okay, a big moment. And you can tell us your honest feelings. The meat is quite firm. Yeah, it's very delicious. Yeah. Especially with the sauce. Wow, what a moment. First time having crocodile that's shown. I'll taste it. You said it tastes like a lizard. How many lizards have you eaten? A lot. You know, we're apart. I mean, they're mounting. No, one to tell me. I've never had that yet. This is my first time to taste croque de la. What is the taste? It's good, yeah. Just like the giant monitor lizards you eat back home. Yes, just like that. That's something we can all relate to. I think so. I've tried crocodile park. I've tried crocodile ice cream. And now crocodile the chone. What? If you want me to try crocodile eggs in the future video, let me know in the comments down below. Thank you so much for watching. This video was made possible by One Trip Vietnam. One trip is the highest rated tour. Interesting, okay. Wow, I definitely try that. I definitely would. The chicken one. I mean, the one that looked like chicken. Or like the fried and the one that kind of looks like like sexy in the chicken looks really good. And then I've never had like, I guess I'd have like rotisserie chicken. But I've never had like rotisserie pork or anything like that. I don't know anything rotisserie. But one thing that'll throw me off probably is to how like firm it would be. Yeah, it would be weird if it'd been firm. Like, yeah, just the way they described it. The skin. Oh, gelatinous. And just like, I'll just load with protein and like only protein. That would be some. Maybe it'd be like beef turkey. Maybe. See, like that. I'm intrigued. I want to try. There's a lot of foods I want to try. That's a food. Does that need to be tried? I'm trying to see. I'm trying to see. But we're never going to be able to fill the thing. No, because COVID. We're literally looking at Asian countries they go to. Like, there aren't many open. You know, just say that. Only the only place that's open is specifically Fouquet in Thailand. Like not even the whole of Thailand, just that area in Thailand's open. That's it. And then South Korea, but you need to be locked in basically jail for 14 days before you go. Yeah, they have like designated areas you have to stay for quarantine. Yeah, so pretty much Asia is all closed to us. So it's a very unfortunate. Maybe next year we'll be getting to the Philippines. Maybe. Maybe. But until then, I think it's probably Europe for us or the US. So, sad, sad, sad. Anyways, thanks for watching everybody. Hopefully you enjoyed it. It was kind of a different style. It was lots of them of an informative video. More of like other creators, fun. Yeah. Documentary style, I guess. It's a key or food show style thing. So yeah, hopefully you enjoyed it. If you want more from him, more from other YouTubers, let us know in the comments. He does have more Filipino videos. Yeah, we'll see more. Maybe. Let us know. Hopefully you enjoyed. Subscribe if you did. See you later. Bye.