 Welcome back to D&J React, we're music sparks conversation every day. In today's conversation we've got the solo artist himself the leap from SB 19. This song is called criminal. A little bit about this song so it delves into the themes of rebellion, societal frustrations, and the struggle for survival in a harsh urban environment. The chorus sets the tone emphasizing that what may seem insufficient or hidden significant to them is actually crucial. Interesting okay. So the first verse performed by Rasta SP jungle talks about the potential dangers of the city of Sao Paulo. He encourages caution and emphasizes the importance of thinking before speaking in order to avoid becoming just another victim. The mention of crack town reflects the dark reality of drug addiction and its grip on certain areas of the city. That seems like every major city in the United States. Yeah, that's brutal. Yeah, it's brutal. It's kind of dark. Definitely got to watch what you say nowadays man. Never know what you're gonna get yourself into. Yeah, do that's why I just I just stick to myself. Yeah, very easy that way. Very reserved, no stress, no worries, no fighting. It's very peaceful. Yeah, very peaceful. Can't get canceled that way. No, you cannot. All right guys, let's jump in. I don't want to bite just the fever right there in a little bit huh? Yeah, nice intro. The hell? His voice is so strange. I've never heard his voice like this before. I think I might have gone through that distance. That's what I like here. DARR by the way. The impact at the time, how powerful it is that you can run in all honesty over there. Why didn't I have you I was a calm fan? Yeah, he's trying to see whether or not he was in, yeah. What is happening? I don't know. He switched his voice three times. Two of the voices I'd never heard before. Right? Like the first one you started and then this one I've never heard before and then he went to his deep normal self as much as I love SB 19 and I love his other songs Whatever he's doing with these vocals. I'm not really digging it too much. I like the deep voice. That's him. That's how I know him. This other thing he's doing. I don't know. You're not my man. I love the guy and I love all his other stuff. But whatever's happening here. I think he's just experimenting with his vocal ranges. It's not going to catch everybody's ear but it's definitely different. So are you guys. I like the deep voice. I like every song. That's impossible. But we can't appreciate the artist for who they are. I like the song. What's going on here? It's just those two little weird vocal things he's doing. This is just not catching me. It's kind of strange. You know I can take it. You know I can take it. You know I can take it. I love that jacket. That's pretty sick. Yeah. You tell him I pushed him down in there.. Well, jacky, man, that's cool! It's like what he did with his hair, too. Yeah. This is a different version from the one that I just read on SongTel because he was talking about like crack heads in the street and stuff. And this is like, I can take it. So what does he mean by I can take it? I don't know. I mean, he did say criminal in there. So maybe he's referencing to the streets and you know, being a criminal crack head. I don't know. This all new to me, man. All right. How's that so far? V Hereๆ That was cool. Fascinating voice changes. I've never heard that from Phillip before. That was brand new to me. Yeah, I like it said. It was a little strange, huh? Yeah, that wasn't my vibe for that. The song as a whole, I like. And the deep voice, that's what I'm familiar with. I like the two little voice changes totally through me off. And that was just not, I don't know, I wasn't feeling that part of it. I honestly, I'm, yeah, I didn't really like the weird voice changes he did. The deep stuff that he does, man, that's shit, it's fire. Even when he sings like his little high notes too, but it was like the weird voice change, that was just kind of odd through me off. Yeah, but hey, you can't like every single song. It's impossible. Yeah. Good stuff, guys. Drop some more comments down below. Let us know any more solo songs that you guys would recommend from the SB19 group. With that being said, make sure to like, subscribe, hit that bell notification. Also jump over to Patreon. We're giving seven days away for free. A ton of content over there and less content over there. Also, if you pay upfront for the whole entire year, we're giving 15% away for free. So with that being said, guys, we'll see you on the next one. Peace. Goi Ngo!