 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Beth. And this is the commodity. And today we're reacting to eight mythical creatures from the Philippines. We did a couple of urban legend videos. Let us know if you like those type of videos. Those two didn't do the best. But this is something I'm personally interested in. So I enjoy doing these videos. I think you enjoyed learning some of it. Yeah, I don't dislike it. It's just not necessarily my cup of tea. Like I enjoy like more like I like mythical things. Right. Like so yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, this is perfect for that. Yeah. So guys, before we hop in, if you would go ahead and give us a thumbs up, a like on this video, it helps us get this video out to more people. And it would truly help us out. Also below this video, if you'd like to click that subscribe button, it would help us again. And then below the video, there is a join button. If you'd like to go even further and join our YouTube membership program. So if you're ready to hop in, let's check it out. Let's do it. Let's jump in. Hi, it's Katrina. Hi Katrina. From Hunter Ground Goblins that will curse you to evil spirit that will suck your blood. Here are a mythological features from the Philippines. This video was requested by Kenji Moly. Hi Katrina. Hi Kenji. Thank you Kenji. And how awesome would be if Kenji watched our video. Number eight, the Boonji Sneaks. This pronunciation is not going to be easy for me guys. So barely. It's also known as the Philippine Cyclops, which is easier to say the Boonji Sneaks or the Boonji Sneaks is a one-eyed giant humanoid who lives in the forest and lasts constantly. He has large teeth that are always visible and too long tusks protruding through. Are these legs more legs? Do. It looks like four other legs. No, he's got a deer wrapped around his head. His neck. OK. OK, yeah, OK, I see it now. Because I was going to say they look like dog legs. Yeah. He's not going to sneak up on me if he's laughing the whole time. And two long tusks protruding. Those look like horns. These look like tusks. Besides that it is an out, the monster's large upper lip covers his entire face when thrown back and laughter. His name comes from the sebulan- Very specific. To Giggle or to show the teeth. The Boonji Sneaks compensates for his poor eyesight with excellent hearing and impressive strengths. He had a huge appetite. And in one story, all the three friends, the monkey, the dog, and the caribou, he encountered a caribou who was frying meat in the woods for his friends, waiting for them to return from a hunt. The Cyclops went up to the caribou and said, Well, friend, I see the youth- Caribou? It was put different. The caribou made a furious attack on him. The Cyclops was angered by the caribou's lack of hospitality and seizing him by the horn through him knee deep into the earth. Then the monster ate up all the food and disappeared. That's my kind of guy, though. As a man's return, they saw the kid off in their friends stuck in the ground and rescued him. The next day, the dog was left alone and was also attacked. Luckily, the following day, the monkey was cooked and was able to outsmart the monster. He made a pit in front of the stove. And when the beast came back, he offered him food. As he sat down, the monkey pushed the beast into a pit. The Cyclops is quick to panic and easy to outsmart. He was later killed by the monkey who tricked him into thinking above a constrictor was a fashionable belt. Number 10, Nuno Sapozo. Nuno Sapozo means goblin of the ground and is the name of a type of dwarf that looks like a miniature bearded old man. They mostly live inside ant hills and turn around. That's terrible. The dog fall under rocks, on river banks, and in trees and the backyard. These nature's... Off topic. Have you seen the molten, like they'll take a molten... The metal? Metal and the port into the ant hills. And it makes a sculpture when I have what the ant hill look like. That's so cool. I saw one for sale. It was like $3,500. But they aren't exactly nice. Because they polished it up and everything. On a mound, its resident Nuno can bless them with good luck or curse them with misfortune, and usually opts for the latter. Nuno's have bad tempers and often harm people who disturb their mound. While accidents are sometimes forgiven right away, a Nuno will spit on someone's foot or another body part if they kick or otherwise deliberately damage its home. And the scoffing the affected area to swell and become sore. Curse... Nevermind, sounds bad. Vomit blood, excrete black urine, grow excess back hair and experience stomach pains and swollen genitals. The good news is that Nuno's can only curse offenders from nearby. So who'll give you really big genitals and hair back? And hairy back. It's like the opposite. Half of it's steroids and half of it's not. By uttering the phrase, Tabi Tabi Poe. Tabi Tabi Poe. People sometimes blame Nuno's for illnesses that modern medicine cannot treat effectively. In such cases, a traditional practitioner called an abladiol may perform a ritual to determine what caused the condition and whether a curse is involved. The victim's family may provide offerings of food, drink, or other items to the Nuno. If that doesn't work, they may personally request the Nuno's forgiveness. Failing to remedy the curse could result in the victim being permanently possessed by an evil spirit and going insane. People can remove a Nuno's spell by crushing its head between their fingers or thighs. But this anger the Nuno's friends and family, and as you know, they're an unforgiving bunch. The Nuno's are attracted to large female mammals and stationing a plump woman by the roadside will lure them out of hiding enabling the afflicted to be kept in the hide. They just gotta get a chubby girl down. Parents, girls are children again starting to go outside between Nuno and three people. They like them through it. They like them through it. They like them through it. They like them through it. They like them through it to return home by six in the evening, they like them through it to return home by six in the evening to avoid encountering a Nuno. People also tell their kids to be quiet in areas where Nuno's may live. So it's not to provoke them. Number 6. The ball ball. The ball ball is considered one of the most... Three key. of Philippine mythology. A ball ball is an undead monster that steals bodies from funerals and graves and eats them. It appears in human form until the moon is full. Then it shapes chefs into a disfigured corpse thief. It uses its remarkable sense of smell to find corpses to consume. The creature's sharp teeth and claws easily rip through clothing, muscle and bone and into its meal. Because the ball ball only eats decaying flesh, it breath stinks as you can. I think it's supposed to be like a brain. The creature places the trunk of a banana tree into the empty coffin to create the illusion that the stolen body is still there. According to legend, the ball ball victimizes and devours people for merely uttering its name. Whoops! Hope I'm not in trouble. Number 5. The Keebon. The Keebon are fairies and human-like men with glimmering gold teeth, wavy, floor-length pair, backwards-speed and high-pitched voices. Ateractive. That is just pigeon-toed. I think it's all in weighing around 50 pounds. They're the size of an average toddler. Oh, they're so tiny. They live in bushes and trees that attract fireflies at night. These dwarf-like creatures are kept in mortals yards. They enjoy pranking people by pulling strands of hair and stealing. Did they just say it's in mortals yards? Mortals, yeah. So people that don't live forever. Yeah. Just people. Just people. They could just set everybody's yard. Yeah. They could just set everybody's yard. They could just set everybody's yard. I think that's what. It's all just bread. It's all just bread. In one version of the story, the odor resembles fresh-cut, dewy grass. They spend their leisure time in small groups, playing miniature guitars made from nearby trees and singing. Generally speaking, the Keebon are mischievous, but good natured. They don't take rejection well, though. The Keebon enjoys serenading low- and mine having one of those as a friend. But if you can't... If you can't show up for something, it's going to be a set to take out the figure out. I'll just have to let him know. I'll be like, hey, I got planes then, but we can figure something else out. Number four, the T-Anach. The T-Anach is a vampiric creature that disguises itself as a toddler. Just looking at that, it's creepy. The Rababee. It represents the souls of unbaptized children who entered limbo after they passed away, and who turned as evil spirits. The T-Anach usually takes the form of a newborn crying in the jungle to attract unsuspecting passerby. It's a clever strategy. After all, who wouldn't follow the cries of an abandoned baby? Once someone picks the creature up, it reverts back to its original form and it's past the person. The T-Anach's appearance varies among different legends. And once to read appears as a baby that grows fangs and claws. Another myth depicts the T-Anach's true form as a known like little old man with wrinkles, a long beard, and one leg that is shorter than the other, making it difficult for him to get around. One version of the tale portrays the T-Anach as a flying baby, while another describes it as a baby that transforms into a blackbird and then attacks you and I guess then flies away. Besides, it's scary to be a little bit scary. I'm cool with the first two others, no one is flying baby. The T-Anach also relishes in kidnapping children and leading travelers' history. Number three, Meng Kukulam. Meng Kukulam are witches that look like ordinary people and possess supernatural powers, namely the ability to cast evil smells dark magic, a stereotypical... It was sup baby, how you doing? I'm sorry, I like that nose. Sorry, I like that nose. The black dress and thick dark makeup. Some practice witchcraft and protect their families and property and they tend to live isolated lives. Do you believe in witchcraft? Magic. Black magic? No. And it's like pentagram and you're devil worshipping. So that's real? Did they say she was devil worshipping? No, no, no. Well, I'm assuming she was. Usually black magic entails some type of demonic understanding. But I mean, I don't believe in magic. I wish I did. I wish I did. I mean, I wish it was real. I wish there was some proof to it. I think that would be dope. Like Harry Potter style. Not like, right, of this. Style and avoidance. Hyedy Paul, huh? However, most perform rituals for malicious and vengeful reasons, using accessories such as voodoo dolls, needles, body parts and victims belongings to carry out their ill intentions. These sorceresses cause plagues and other harm to humans, including incurable illnesses, and misfortune, insomnia, and inability to get hurt. Apatite loss and other mental and emotional consequences. They're also thought to be responsible for sudden accidents and other unexplainable circumstances and events. So, these are the ones you really need to worry about. They're called the albulario to diagnose them and help cure them of the spell. It's the same type of practitioner people visit when they believe they were victimized by other spirits, including the Nuno Sapuzo that I told you about earlier. Another way to cure a curse is to bribe the main Kukulam who cast it. Hey, everyone has a prize. Number two. So because they're cursed, they have to pay for being cursed. And the diverse array of evil spirits goes. That's rude. Yeah. A lot of people don't know this, but the best way to make money online in 2021 is actually not by building an online business like everyone. There are five main categories of mythical beings that fall under the Oswang label that are almost all shape-shifters. In the Spanish arrived in the 16th century, they noted that it was the most feared of all the creatures of the Philippines. Some Oswang are vampire-like creatures who need some blood. They often disguise themselves as beautiful women and find a husband. Then, they slowly drink his blood until he parishes from anemia. After that, it's all into the next. Terrible. Typical rolling. Non-killing. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. So this is a broad term for evil beings. The Philippines are usually reclusive, living on the outskirts of towns and villages in abandoned houses and avoiding eye contact when they go into public. The locals who steal and consume corpses are another type of Oswang. They are often invisible but usually smell bad or have foul breath because of their diet. At night time, they rob local brave yards and funeral homes for their meals. The Oswang was almost always female and always very brave. I found the thumbnail. Coming strong. Right. I'm just curious. Right. In the show Grim, the Oswang appeared in season 3. Did any of you see it? Do you guys want to show us a new screen? I've never watched it. I've never watched it. I've seen it. It's like one of those CW poppy kind of. So it's not the scary stuff. Gotcha. That's what it looks like. It comes off kind of cheesy even in just that little picture. I was like, yeah, they're not going to show anything gruesome. The Mananangal is a hidden vampire creature with wide eyes and unkept hair. Its favorite meal are unborn babies' hearts and their mother is blood at night. That's a tiny meal. It's upper body catches from its legs and grows bat-like wings enabling it to fly from one half. It's like he's like, I'm going to put this person's face on my face. I'm just saying. I just don't believe that. That's the creepiest looking one out of all of them. It's got boobies and it eats unborn children hearts. That's just terrible. It's got boobies but no like lower body or at least it's under this shadow. Right. That's weird. House and one victim to the next. The lower body remains standing and motionless so she basically splits herself in half with her intestines dripping behind her and flies. Lovely. You can kill it by sprinkling salt ash or crushed garlic on its bottom half. This renders the upper body incapable of rejoining its lower portion. When sunlight is still in the bottom half. Right. Did you don't have to chase the bottom half? Sometimes like the Oswang disguised as a woman. Those look almost fake. Yeah. Heart and liver. People can prevent the mananangal from invading their home by leaving uncooked rice, ash and or salt around the house and on the roof. The creature's favorite point of entry. Vinegar, stingray, tails and daggers are also toxic to the mananangal. Very specific. Very angry to the best. Wait, let me go get a stingray tail. It's a chicken and habits the monster's body and keeps it alive while consuming its innards. Another legend holds that humans can turn themselves into a mananangal by anointing themselves with oil, reciting an incantation and acquiring an egg containing a black chick. It's not really clear where the part with the chick came from. However, many stories in Europe say that supernames creatures can empty their source of their strength into an egg or hide their soul in an egg, therefore making it easy to hide. It's possible that Philippine mythology had similar beliefs. Well, that was enjoyable. It seems like he would hide it in something a little bit less breakable. Yeah. It's like, unless obviously the egg hatches and you've got a bird within the bird, it's going to die, I would imagine, eventually. So then your soul goes away with it. Guys, if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button. If you want to see our future videos, hit the subscribe button and don't forget to ring a ding that bell. And if you want to support us directly, please hit the join button. And with that being said, my name is Miles. And my name is Fad. Thanks for watching, guys. Peace. Out.