 Welcome to the day in Paradise! You guys can't believe what we are right now. We are in the dome. The dome! We are in Paradise! We are not in Shurgau right now. We left Shurgau and we made our way to Sabou. Yes, we are in Sabou and we are here specifically to visit this wonderful place. It's called the dome. It's about an hour's drive out from Sabou. In the middle of the jungle, there is like palm trees, bamboo, bananas everywhere here. And we are staying in an actual dome. We are in a private pool. And the way from Sabou to here is beautiful. It's up in the mountains, like super high up, beautiful views. A lot of like a face and restaurants to visit. And we have been staying here before. Not in the dome, but in the other Airbnb, which is a tree house. Super cool as well, but today we are going to focus on the dome. So this whole place is called Treehouse, the Valentine. You got three different accommodations. Number one, the big tree house, which we stayed in before. Which is this beautiful wooden house. Again, in the middle of absolutely nowhere. There is tree house number two, which is we are going to stay a bit later. And this, which is the dome. Which is the dome. Okay, it's time to show you around. So first up, kitchen. Like a kitchen, an outdoor area, you can chill out. I see ourselves having like breakfast here tomorrow. We have private pool. Like anything that you pool with a glass pool. We have so many ideas of pictures that I want to take here. But we will show you that later. Okay, come on. Right or left? We start with the outdoor bathroom. We have an outdoor bathroom. Which is in a super cool like spiral kind of. You will see inside. So you have the CR. And... Where do you go? Shower. Super cool. Now I am going to show you the room. Like the dome is huge. Like it is huge. Like it's big from the outside as well. But it's just huge inside. So this is it. We even have a living palm tree inside. Look how high it is. Look how high this place is. You look tiny next to it. And imagine having coconut. So you can just pick from the tree while you are in this dome. That would be amazing, right? I wonder what they are going to do when it's getting taller though. Yeah, it's already hitting the roof though. So I guess we have to come back in a few years and see for ourselves. So we have one bed over here. Or kind of the living room area. Whatever you want to use it for. You have the dinner table. What we are going to have. Probably dinner tonight. We have a second bed. We have a third bed. And one another bed. And a fifth bed. So we can sleep how many? So it's five double beds. That's how huge these dome is like inside. And there is actually another bathroom in here as well. So if you don't want to go outside, you can go on two foot left here. Bye bye. Look, you get your favorite plant next year. Yeah, we just, oh, that was maybe a month ago. We planted this calaté on our land. I just love it. These are so much bigger though. And I can't wait for hours to be that big. I mean, our biggest leaf is like this one. The smallest one here. Super beautiful. You have the pool. It's actually cooling. That's good because it's super humid right now. So I could definitely go first with it. Yeah. It just started pouring down rain, which made this space even more cosy, I would say. Look at this. I mean, sitting here by the side looking out over the pool. I must say that they really nailed the decor display. The table, the lamps, the further lamps, this massive, nice dinner table. Everything is like, oh, I want one of those for our home. Yeah, so we're looking for inspiration everywhere now since we will make our home hopefully soon. So we always look at all the interior and like deciding what we want to have in our house. Still can't believe we're in the dome right now. I mean, we woke up super early this morning like 3.30 to get a flight here from Shagal. And so I'm going to go for a nap obviously. And there's like five beds to choose from. So this is top floor, bed one, bed number two, bed number three, bed number four, and bed number five. What do you say, babe? Which one is it? I don't want. Yeah? Is that a bed? All right, let's go. Let's take a nap. Oh, all right. Literally just woke up from, oh, I don't even know. From a few hours long in that. Wow, I think we really, really needed that. And still raining. I think I'm going to head out into the pool. Have a quick dip otherwise I'm never waking up for real again. Whew. So while Yohan is going for a swim, I'm sitting here and reading my book. It's just so relaxing here. And I think both me and Yohan have been longing for this kind of vacation. You're like just doing nothing. We brought a book each. And yeah, it was closer than you're sitting here. It's raining outside. It's thunders outside. And but this is super nice. So I'm just going to keep on reading my book until dinner will arrive. At six o'clock. That feels so super luxury. You know, we just, we're just here. We're just going to read. Go for swims. Eat. The food will be served. And we already ordered the food actually. Wow, I think this thunders is like right about us at the moment. But they have a big menu actually. So we already pre-booked everything. So they're just going to come and deliver our food. We just got our food. So this is stuffed squid. Look at that. Stuff squid. And this next one. Oh, it's like spicy garlic shrimp. Yeah, look at that. And for dessert, a massive mango float. Wow. And we actually bought a bottle of wine. Yeah, we're going to have such a cozy night here. When we were in Seboo. So now we're going to enjoy dinner. Good morning. That was such a long night. We've been sleeping for 10 hours now. No noise. All quiet. Yeah, it's brilliant. It's a brilliant night. Because we haven't really told you. Our dogs are waking us up every night. So now we got a full night of sleep. So that was amazing. OK, I'm going to go wake up in the pool. Are you going to come with? The weather looks a little bit better today. So I think we're going to spend more time outside in the pool. I can't wish you from here actually. So we're going to spend maybe a little bit more time outside enjoying the pool that you have here. Yeah, just relaxing. Maybe reading a book. Oh, here it is. OK, I'm going to go for a swim as well. How was it? Free swim. The very refreshing though. I love having a cold date in a pool early morning. It really helps me wake up for the day. This is great. I want this as well, baby. Can we have one of these? What I really like is that they provide you with flip-flops. We actually didn't bring it. And we only have sneakers with us since we took the flight here. So that's a really nice thing. OK, I'm going to see if I'm down at the kitchen right now. The pool is up there. And we're going to see if you see him in here. OK, go in. Whoa. Yeah, you can see him. This is a really cool pool. I don't know how you even do it. It's like a glass wall. But how do you keep it like that? Super cool. I really like it. And here's the kitchen. I don't know if we showed it to you a lot yesterday. Yeah, you can really see you. Yeah? Yeah. That's great. I think that's a good beer. A great picture. So for those of you who don't know me, also an Instagram account. And Emily loves taking pictures for it. Specifically, pictures of magical, unique places like this one. Which is out there, massive photographer. Good morning. Good morning. Nice. Thank you so much. OK, full time. My photography has to wait. But I have so many ideas of pictures. So stay tuned. And definitely. All right. So we had breakfast. We went for a swim in the pool. And took some photos. Really cool photos, actually. Now I'm just enjoying our last minutes here in the dome, the Valentine. And then we're going to transfer to three houses Valentine, which we are also so excited for. There's like a net that you can lay on, like in front of the river. I think that's going to be super cool as well. Now I'm just waiting for Johan to be done. And then maybe pack up our things. And then it's also time for lunch. I think this time we ordered fruit, platter, and calamari. So let's see if that's where we get. But yeah, this has been a lovely stay. I'm going to wait for you on. We're going to review it a little bit. What do you think, babe? I think this is an awesome place. And we have been wanting to stay in a dome for a really long time. And now we got the chance. So I'm super happy about this experience. Yeah, me too. And it's both the location, being out of the way from the city. It's being in nature. You heard all the birds around. And also just the fact that you got a private pool. You got this massive place all for yourself. And it's a truly massive dome. It's like 150 square meter of living space. It can host up to 15 people. I would say probably around 10 people is what I would bring here. Yeah, because it's... Yeah, because it's five double beds that fits two people. And then they also have extra beds underneath the double beds. So 10, like five couples would be really nice. But we're really cool to go here with our friends and enjoy our time here. But you can be up to 15 people. And I think that's it for this vlog. If you liked it, as always, it helps the channel ton. If you just click that like button and see you next time. Ciao!