 Do you think it's safe for a foreigner to visit the slums? Oh, I can say I think... Especially if you're a woman I wouldn't come here alone. I'll be very honest. So would you say that the Philippines is a safe country for a foreigner to visit? Hmm. There's not Americans here now! Hey everyone! Today we're at Result Park, which is located at the center of Metro Manila. The park is named after a national hero who fought for the independence and freedom of the country. So because of what this park stands for, I thought it would be a nice place to film today's video where I'm going to ask people about whether they think the Philippines is a safe country to visit or travel to as a foreigner. So yeah, hopefully I can get perspective from both Filipinos and foreigners, so I can get a more diverse and comprehensive view on the topic. So yeah, enough with the intro. Let's go around and ask people. Alright, so what's your name? I'm Hanna. Hanna, okay, I am from the Philippines. Yeah. Lucas Perry. And you're from? Comptory Connecticut, United States. My name is Al. Okay, away from? I'm from Bajalad City, Negros, Ossidental. Okay, which is also in the Philippines? Yeah, it's in the Philippines. Okay. My name is Joanne Loretto. I'm working as a personal... I'm in a security person living in a Lonella Park or either Result Park. So yeah, the video is going to be about how safe the Philippines is when it comes to foreigners traveling here. So would you say that the Philippines is a safe country? Of course, they're very friendly. We're not all the way in the French. That's why you just... I've been sitting here then. So nervous. That's fine. Yeah, they're very friendly to everybody, but especially the foreigners, because they know how scary it is to be a foreign country because most Filipinos they work. Right, I love that. Of course, yeah. But that's a good answer, yeah. Generally, it's safe for... I think, in my opinion, it's safe for tourists here to come in the Philippines, such as public places. But if we're going to explore some places that are not familiar to us, like for example, the dark places, for example, I think it's not safe for tourists to go there. How long are you going to stay here? I'm going to stay here two weeks total. I've been here for about five days. Okay. So far, what can you say about safety in the Philippines as a foreigner? Whenever I leave, whenever I walk on the street alone, you just get cackled. But other than that, no one's actually done anything. It's fine. As long as you can handle people talking to you. You're fine. But I'm also a bigger guy. So maybe if you're alone, especially if you're a woman, I wouldn't come here alone. It's not dangerous. I don't see the reason why there's so many security guards here. Yeah, they're all alone. Every door that you go to. Would you say that the Philippines has become safer or less safe compared to, for example, like five years ago? Yeah. I think this one is much better. I think it must much please. Yeah. On the tourists, after a pandemic, I think this one is the best one. Not better. It must come better. Okay. If I were to base it on my experience, I think it's getting safer. Yeah. Based on my experience, but I cannot save for everyone. Right. Yeah. It's getting safer, especially for tourists in New York. In general. Filipinos are known to be hospitable to foreigners. And they're, I think, we're accommodating to foreigners, especially when it comes to helping them. Teaching directions are like some simple things that foreigners start. Yeah, you guys are doing good with that. It got better because there's a changes in social media, right? There's tick-pick and YouTube and other stuff. The understanding of Filipinos when it comes to managing or socializing to foreigners, people, it got better. And, well, naturally, we are very, you know, I can find the word like, sorry, sorry. That's right. Sorry, it's so nervous. When someone is from the foreign country, like that, the person, people passing by, they were saying hi to me, right? So, yeah, you can send here. Hey. That's normal here in the Philippines. So, even though a lot of problems across the country, we will remain like that. I think it got better. Do you think it's safe for a foreigner to visit the slums? Oh, I can say I think it's not really safe for foreigners to go to slums. For in my opinion, right? It's because there are people who are taking advantage of foreigners also. Well, of course, we know the situation here in the Philippines, the financial situation. I couldn't speak for everyone, but in my opinion, I think they would do just in order to survive also. Which is it that that's like, because if a foreigner is not going to visit the slums, do you think they get like the full experience of the Philippines? Oh. I think it's safe to go to slums when it's out in the morning or the sun is out. It would be safe also if you know some locals there. Yeah. Could guide you so that they could tell you places not to go. Yeah. So that you could experience also the life there in the slums in the Philippines. I'll be very honest. Okay, that is that. Well, it's not that safe. I'm not going to say that people who will snatch your things or that they're really bad people. It is easier to just rob someone, I think, just because you needed it. But I think they're really not that bad or that bad in as a person. But I assure you that someone will help you or come to your aid line, something bad happened if you visit there. But just be careful. Just be careful. Is there any advice you would give to foreigners that are planning to come here? Find someone that lives here to help show you around. Definitely. Right, because that's your girlfriend? Yeah. Okay, and you met here or? No, I came here so that she could show me everything. Okay, nice. Is there something you got from your girlfriend before you came here? Like, things you needed to be able to do? Yeah, yeah. She told me to grab from the airport because the drivers are reviewed and you can, it's like insurance on them. For someone who's going to take you to whatever hotel you're going to. Yeah. And then the Airbnb that I have has a look at, a door man. And he knows every time I go out and come back where I'm going and everything. Right, yeah, that's good. All right, thank you. I think it's better to do our research before we are going to Philippines. Always be prepared. Oh, the do's and don'ts. And also the places you should not go to and go to. And most especially, have a local that you really know or have a friend that you know that will tell you in the Philippines or in general. Also, the transportation, some will really take advantage of you. Yeah. Especially if you're not from here. Yeah, I've had that as well. I think we all so we're not from Manila, but I think we are also getting when they know that we are tourists also here in Luzon. I think they're also taking advantage of that because we really don't know the pricing actually. Right, yeah. To make sense. All right, thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. So then the last question. Do you have any advice for foreigners that are planning to come here? Please see. Just know where you're going. Just be aware of your surroundings. But I cannot assure you that that's just one person. But a whole lot of good people here in the Philippines. In general, you feel very safe. Especially also as a woman because like a woman and man is different, right? Yeah. So you do feel safe. Yeah, so I still be in alert. I feel like when I, for example, when I book a graph, I always check first the plate number. And then I send someone from my house the details. The details of the text, right? I still feel safe. I just be more careful or just be more alert. Just be more wise to your actions. I guess it'll always happen, even if it's not here in the Philippines. Right. Okay, thank you. So sorry. I get stutter. Sorry. That was very good. I'm sorry. Rob. Rob. Rob, yeah. What's an advice you give to foreigners coming to the Philippines? An advice about safety. About safety? Yeah. So for example, do you and don't? Oh, yeah. I know. What do you say? My idea for this, you know, if you're going to visit some other part of the world, I mean, to go travel to other countries. I mean, this one, the Philippines. My recommendation is, you know, try to communicate with someone. I mean, to someone. And then, act like a local, not a tourist at all. You know what I mean? Act like a normal. Yeah. Do your things. Stop like that. But don't do anything illegal. You know what I mean? Yeah. That's the main point. All right. Very good. Thank you. Thank you. How about a local bro? Are you just chill? Yeah. Very good. Very good. All right, guys. For those of you who are interested, I hope you guys enjoyed it. Me personally, I was kind of surprised by the responses that I got, especially when it comes to visiting the slums as a foreigner. Since not every answer was the same when it comes to that. Like some people said it's not very smart to visit the slums as a foreigner. Other people, for example, the guard said it's fine. So me personally, I was pretty surprised by that. But if there is one thing they all kind of agreed on, it's that you need to do research before you visit the Philippines, which I guess makes sense for every country, right? Like before you visit a country, it's wise to do some research and know what the do's and don'ts are of that certain country. So yeah, without that being said, I hope you guys enjoyed it. And I will see you in the next one.