 Is it peanuts? A very pretty and handsome. When you search the term Filipinos on Google, this is what you see. This and this and this. And even this, but he isn't Filipino. Filipinos just like him. When you watch television in the Philippines, you see Filipinos as this or this or this or even this. But to the people who've met Filipinos all around the world, what do Filipinos look like? Hi everyone, my name is Natti and I come from Thailand. From my perspective, from my personal encounters with meeting Filipinos and having Filipino friends, all I could say is that Filipinos are very diverse. And some might disagree, some might agree. I have mistaken Filipinos for Thai people before, especially with the women. Not so much as men, but with women sometimes it's very difficult to tell the difference. But then you know, once they say, oh no, the Filipino. I'm like, ah okay, now I see. Yes, of course you are. I think that's just me, I don't know, being ignorant and me thinking, oh this person looks south east Asian, they must be Thai. As I met more Filipinos, I realized, oh Filipinos are just like Thai people, you know, they have darker skin tones, they have lighter skin tones, more look east Asian, more look south east Asian. It's a mix and everyone is very unique in the way they look. From my perspective, of course. Hi guys, my name is Natti Mousey, I'm origin from Ghana, but I live here in the UK. Now I have a theory, guys. Um, give me out, it's not my science, it's just me and my brain, but I feel like if you're from a place you're able to identify people from the same place, easier than people who are outside of the place, you know. So if you're from the Philippines, you're able to identify other people from the Philippines as compared to people, not from the Philippines, aka me. When it comes to answering this question, all I can really preach is diversity, because one of my friends has qualia, another one has straya, one has more olive-tone skin, another one has lighter skin tone. I look like I'm from the matrix doing the red pill blue poll, but you get my point. Like I believe that no people, no place, no country is a monolith, people look different, but I also think that if I'm not from the Philippines, maybe I'm not able to identify more common traits or features, but I would just like to make the point that even if you don't have these common denominator features, it doesn't invalidate your identity as someone from the Philippines, it doesn't invalidate where you're from. In my life, all I've seen is diversity when it comes to people from the Philippines. We look on this channel and we see that to me, everyone was different, but they're all from the Philippines and that's the beautiful human experience. And that's all I got. So yeah, thank you bye. Hello, I'm Shirei from Japan. Philippines as a people, it's just like it's not diverse. Maybe it's just because of my lack of knowledge, but for me, Filipinos and other countries around Philippines, they have common features, people from there, it is similar to the Philippines. My name is Rana, I'm from Egypt. I've been living my whole life in the UAE. I've met a lot of Filipinos. In my opinion, Filipinos have a lot of common in general, either in their face features, their skin tones, even in their morals, they're interconnected people. Like really, if you find a Filipino have a darker skin tone or brighter skin tone, they all have the same skin tone in my opinion. Also for their eye shape, their nose, mostly they look alike. Sometimes I have hard time differentiating between a Filipino and an Indonesian, because they look really alike. But in general, in my opinion, I find Filipinos have a lot in common, even in their morals, they're so friendly and kind. It's a rare thing to find a Filipino running in your face or not trying to help you. Hi, my name is Rana and I am originally from Mexico, but I live in Toronto, Canada. I guess to start, I will say that I've been very lucky for past few years. I've met amazing Filipino folks or half Filipino folks here in Canada and hands down. They are some of the most creative and hardworking people that I've had the pleasure of knowing. That in mind, I guess it's difficult for me to talk about physical traits because I'm very aware that it does really vary on the person, specifically because I've met people who might be half Filipino, half black, or you know, have different just features to what I might have associated in the past to Filipino, you know, the darker hair and darker eyes. But nowadays, I think again, because of the people that I've had the pleasure of knowing, I'm very aware that Filipino culture and race is not monolith, it's not homogenous, and it's actually quite diverse. Hello, it's me again. I'm Anthony. I'm living in Macau. Actually, there are a lot of Filipino who live in here. So during my observation, they are sharing some common features, similar skin tone. For example, my housekeeper is a Filipino and her skin tone is a little bit darker than magnus, but whatever for me, she just looks like the same as everyone in Macau. So we won't see her as they're different. Thank you. Hi, we are in international couple living in Korea. I'm half Greek, half Ukrainian. I'm from Korea. We have a couple YouTube channel and a couple Instagram, so please check us out. And now to the point, what is in your opinion when you think about Filipino people, how do they look like? The people from Philippine look cute because they have big eyes. When I traveled to Sebel, actually, I was shocked because I thought Filipino looks more different than Koreans. But some people look like Koreans. Some people have similar characteristics. I didn't know that. Since you've traveled, I can see. In my opinion, just from the Filipinos I've met and I've seen in my life, I don't have a really stereotypical view of them, but I believe that they have some of the most healthy and beautiful and voluminous hair in the world. They can't relate. Their hairline is amazing. They don't lose hair. Men are fine. They have really thick eyebrows, and it's really nice. But the women, they're gorgeous. They're good. I think they're some of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in my entire life. I think so. They have good skin. Oh yeah, their skin. They have no acne. Their skin is flawless. I think they're really creative and really positive. That makes them amazing creators or influencers. They're really outgoing. Really outgoing and really open-minded and super creative. That's just our opinion, though. It doesn't mean everyone's like that, of course. Hello, my name is Alina. I'm half German and half Spanish. And you can find me on TikTok and on Instagram. I have a few Filipino friends and for me, they always look like the Asian version of a Hispanic person. Like darker skin, full lips, a little bit Asian features eyes and dark hair. For me, it's very beautiful. I love the tent look, you know. So when I think about a Filipino person, I think about a tent Asian person with a lot of European Latin vibes. Yes, that's it. That's it. Filipino. A very pretty and tantrum. Like all my friends on the Philippines are gorgeous. Hello, my name is Ariel. I'm from Singapore. So growing up in Singapore, I'm interacted with a lot of multicultural people. So a lot of people from various parts in Southeast Asia. I've obviously met a lot of Filipino people. So a lot of them, to me, I can easily distinguish whether from... I can kind of distinguish if someone is Filipino, someone's from Cambodia, or Laos, or Indonesia. But in general, there are some traits that I would say are quite telling if a person's Filipino. Firstly, in my opinion, I think Filipino people have very dark hair. So they have very dark eyebrows, very dark typically black or dark brown. And they also have very thick eyebrows and thick hair. So that's one of the physical traits that I use to distinguish. The second thing is that obviously because when Southeast Asia, a lot of people are quite tan. And a lot of Filipino people I've met are quite tan as well. They also have more distinct features that I would generally pinpoint as Filipino physical traits. So a lot of Filipino people that I've met have a rounder kind of heart shape face, where it's rounder to top and point here at the bottom. So they have very sharp chins and very round faces. A lot of Filipino people also kind of have rounder noses, like more button noses, less of a high nose bridge, but more button noses. But I think one of the most telling signs is obviously all Asian, but they have quite Eurocentric features. So typically when I see an Asian person, but also they don't look completely Asian, I would kind of second yes. And a lot of them that I've encountered happen to be built, you know. Hi, I'm Sadi. I'm from Indonesia. To me, Filipinos look like us in the nation. I feel that we have quite many similarities in terms of the skin tone, facial features and also body size, eye style, we have a thin eyes. And probably because we came from Asian and the Philippine is next to Indonesia, we're basically neighbor and probably we have the same weather and temperature. So probably that's why. And also it's not only that actually I have Filipino friends whenever I've been talking to them, I feel that I'm talking to my fellow Indonesian because we just have the same sense of Joe. Whenever we pull off a joke, we just get it instantly. Filipino likes to laugh a lot, similar to us. We just like to smile and in the middle of the conversation is just like Filipino things and also our things. Filipino in Indonesia, I think quite many similarities, not only in the physical look, but also personality-wise. Just like our foreign friends, we Filipinos still have a divided opinion on what a Filipino truly looks like. To some, Philippines is the diverse race highlighting the ethnic diversity of the Philippines with naturally kaya mongi Filipinos, beautifully darker in agredos, lighter skin groups such as the mestizas and Filipino Chinese, and many more groups with distinct features that encompass a single race. To other kaba-bians of ours, being Filipinos defined by having big double-lidden eyes, brown kaya mongi skin, and notice which are labeled as pão, which isn't really something to be ashamed of. In fact, it's often heard in the number of Filipino songs. Media and even books for school kids tackling the Filipino identity, which all equate to the idea of a homogenous physical appearance of Filipinos. However, if we were to say that the Philippines is a truly diverse country such as the United States, Brazil, or Singapore, we must then question why the term Filipino-Pilipino, which is roughly translated to very Filipino, exists, to describe the appearance of your average one. If we look into this map by the Harvard Institute for Economic Research created in 2002, we can see that the Philippines apparently isn't as diverse as our neighbors such as Indonesia, Thailand, and Malaysia to name a few. But we also aren't as ethnically homogenous as Japan or South Korea, which are the most homogenous in Harvard study. If we were to look at the closest census of the Philippines at that time, an overwhelming majority of 95% of the Philippine population in the year 2000 were of ethnic Filipinos, a term that was used to describe the ethnolinguistic groups descending from Austrian-Asian-speaking migrants, such as the Tagalogs, Cebuanos, Lumads, and the like. The most significant foreign ethnic minority at that time were the Chinese Filipinos followed by the mixedestesos. However, it's important to remember that ethnicity like race is a social construct, which simply means that it was made by people to supposedly make sense of things we find difficult to understand. So next time a foreigner says that a Filipino celebrity or even people like you and me either don't look Filipino or look very Filipino, remember that a Filipino can look like this. This, this, and a majority of us still look like this. But in the end, we're all simply, beautifully and wonderfully Filipino.