 Mabu Hey Philippines, come<|it|> m Fusion, Rustigoddania, guangandomeni dierg Those<|it|> Ma boo egy coupi di gry o potere decorsare a Pietro Questa è una cosa più famosa, in Filippins e in Strid food. We found it, in fact, is not the first time that I'm going to eat banana queue, because we found it around the lower travel, also here in the farm, I eat it for the first time, because the sister of Terracco eat it. And we found it also in a really expensive resort, in Clapparda, but even in Modessa, in many other places, is a really common and famous dish in the Philippines, so let's try to make it today. Mirko and Terracco, Italian and Filipino couple, who loves to travel and explore. Welcome to our channel. As of every morning, now I'm walking here around the farm to maintain my body healthy. Also, you remember to do always a bit of activity during the day, so you can maintain your body healthy and at the end of this, you will not get tired right away when you will go out and you will come back to your daily life. And now I want to check one banana tree here, because there is a bundle of banana that are probably ready. I actually here, look at you, I don't know if you can see, but the banana are there and they look ready. So probably we are going to pick it and I will try to follow the tips and the suggestion that you leave us in the previous video of the banana where we pick the banana, because actually I totally failed. I failed because the banana fell on the floor and this should happen. So I will try to follow the suggestion. Look at the clips, it was so funny. I think it's a bottle for us. It's better than the one. Okay, you failed. I failed. I should have been behind this. Come on, banana! Hey Donatello, you get in tangle, what's happened to you? Look at here, I will help you to remove your leg, okay? Wait, just a little bit. And finally our friend is now free again, right? Enjoy your day eating grass. See you later. Here the results are friend Michelangelo, I'm Michelangelo, are you? All good? Very good. Go keep eating grass as well. See you later too. Now I need to also to get some wood because we are finished almost of the wood last night. I need to pick more wood for cook our lunch, our banana queue and our dinner for tonight. This is really nice. Here we go, for good. Okay, I think this is enough. Let's take it at home. You're always with me when we go around right, when we pick wood, when we go around. Always here, give me your leg. Very good, very good, my friend. So cute, no? Look at here. Let's say I took the camera, you give me your leg. Let's continue, let's continue to pick wood, let's continue. I'm back from behind and I want to show you our right banana, look at this. And I'm not going to go. So yellow, ripe, Gandah. We are ready to cook it, we are going to cook it. Banana queue for today and look at here the mango, a mango and Gandah also mango. Almost yellow, this can be good. I think it's a masarapore, it is. And also here look at here, I'm starting to ripe. I want many yellow mango. So it's now afternoon, it's around 4.30, it's not anymore a minute and we are ready to cook our bananas. Look at here, again our DIY kitchen that I created just yesterday. Let's put the fire and let's start to cook. Look over here. You will enjoy with us, always here, give me your leg. Very good, very good, yes, yes. So let's put the wood. Oh, this is here like this. So the fire is ready, look at here, it's already high and we need to just wait to recita that we'll come here. And I will start to prepare the banana queue. I'm excited because it's my first time, I hope that will be delicious. Let's put the pan on fire, classic Filipino pan and now let's put oil. Hi baby, welcome to the vlog. So let's put oil. So now we wait that the oil will boil and now we cook our banana. We need to take our banana, it's out of the water. We take it all. We take it all, our banana baby. No, six is fine, four. Four, five, okay, let's take the first one. It's two per stick, right? Yes, we have two per stick. Yeah. So one... We're gonna water... ...a pot. Yep. I'm learning, very good. And here the last. So before to cook the bananas we put sugar inside the pan. I read like this, so let's hope that is right. Let's try it. Let's put two spoons of sugar, brown sugar because I understood that putting the sugar after when you put the banana, you will dip the banana, the banana will... The sugar will stick to the banana. So let's hope, let's see what will happen. Okay, looks that is starting to melt, so now we are almost ready to put our bananas. I don't know what will happen because looks that is becoming all compact the sugar. So I don't know what's the aspect, just let's see what will happen when you put the bananas. So here the first banana. We just need to put the banana like this. So let's try to put it in the pan and we need to start to mix it. Let's see. Yeah, it's starting to stick. Yeah. Yeah. Looks working. Let's put the others. I read also that actually... No! I read also that actually we cannot do sugar if I were later on. So let's see what will happen now. So he's keeping cooking but maybe... How can we know that if you're ready or not? Because here they are saying that the bananas need to be fried but I don't know when are fried. But if it's golden brown. Golden brown. Need to be a golden brown sugar. Oh my god, I was almost getting intoxicated by the wood. Okay baby, look at your look at your redie. Yes, yes, yes, I think it's green. Okay, yes, yes, yes. Oh my god, look at this. Okay, redine, redine. Okay, go go. One. Okay. Two. Dalao a. Yeah. Patlo. Patlo. Patlo. We need to put the stick now, do we? Yes. Okay, second a. Oh, looks delicious. Look at here. Looks so good, no? It's nice. Let's taste it. So now let's put the banana on this stick. Let's try. One. One. In it. Wait, wait, I'll get a fork. It's okay, it's okay. And the law. So you get now. Oh, it's in it. Very good, look at here. It's really hot, Baba. So nice. The other one. So here are our two bananas stick, banana queue. Looks so delicious. Let's try it. Baby, this is for you. One for you, one for me. You are the first to taste. Go. It's good. It's hot. It's hot. Do you like? Not bad, taste banana. I will get mine. But looks nice, look at here. Let's try. So here we go, my first cook banana queue. Let's go to taste. And let's hope that is good. Not bad. But baby, mine is a bit burned. I think. It's not bad, but. Try the other banana, if it's also burned. I think it's even more burned. Look at it. Yeah. Okay, good thing. We only cook for pieces. So now we know what to do with the next batch. But it's not bad actually. It's just a bit, the sugar is a bit overcooked. I think we put maybe too much sugar in the pan. I think the heat. It's great, yeah, maybe it can be. But it's good. You wanna try guys? It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. Hey, it's so good. How are you? You want banana too? It's not, it's not possible. It's so good. I cannot. I cannot. Can you give them a little? No, it's banana too. You cannot. Sit. Very good. No, it's not so bad. I mean, to first attempt to cook banana for you. So can be good. Yeah, in the next time you know, you could improve like style. Yes, we need to improve with the sugar, right? Yes, in the pan. Yes, in the pan, maybe. I don't know. We need to study how to do it better. I will try to cook a bit more now and then... But you know what, between me and Mirko, Mirko is the better cook. Yes. I am the one that cook always good, right? Yes. Before I met Mirko, my kitchen is empty. Yes, when I'm arrived, full of food, correct? I barely cook. I just eat outside when I was single. But now come on, you know how to cook pasta, you know how to cook many things, no? I teach you well, do you not? I went with pasta. You know how to cook really good pasta too, yes? But with the Filipino, of course I know Filipino food. Yes, I know how to cook only a double and some other dish. But a double dish? We will cook more dish in the... It's better to cook a double. Yes, yes, yes. I know how to cook really good a double. In the next videos we will cook more Filipino dish, right? We will use our pan here, our DIY pan. We are getting addicted to this. Yes, we are experimenting the DIY pan is so nice to use it. And they don't go anywhere. Yes. So, thank you for watching guys, subscribe, comment and see you in the next video. Yes, always stay safe, stay at home. And let's hope that this quarantine will end soon, so everybody can go back to the daily life, normal daily life. And see you in the next video. Ciao ciao. Bye. Mirko and Terri, an Italian and Filipino couple who loves to travel and explore. Welcome to our channel. I sat down by the ocean. It's out here, set up filled. Fill up with emotions. Could I taste them for real?