 One of which will become the country's largest airport ever is the upcoming new Manila International Airport. Finally, we all have been waiting for this because Naya, I'm into be honest, it can be improved, right? What's up Philippines? Welcome back to another reaction video. Today we are going to have a look into the future. As always, I love to see the developments of where the future of the Philippines is headed to. Today I'm reacting to the $180 billion dollar plan to build the Philippines. So I'm very curious to see what this is about. I hope you too. But before we jump into the video, please give this video a thumbs up. Subscribe if you're not subscribed yet. Hit the notification bell and also check out my other channel. Mellys Live, where I document my travels and my life all around the world, but especially in the Philippines. I've been living in the Philippines for quite some time, so I know a thing or two, so I want to dive a little bit deeper into the knowledge, the culture, and just everything that evolves around the Philippines. So I would just say, let's just jump straight into it. Southeast Asia today has been seen as the next destination for economic change. This is because of the recent rise in country-wide mass construction. From Indonesia, Singapore, Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia, and the Philippines. All of these countries and recent years have been implementing rapid changes in their infrastructure, pouring hundreds of billions of dollars to fix and re-innovate the country. These bold plans will enable the region to become the fastest growing countries in the decades to come. One of the most ambitious plans in the region, however, comes from the Philippines. In recent years, it has crafted and applied a striking scheme that aims to change the entire nation's infrastructure. This plan consists of hundreds of life-changing projects for the vast majority of its population. Yes, this is... That is a good point. So there's the skyway in Manila and that changed so many people's lives. You are escaping traffic on itzer and you get faster from A to B on the skyway. I took the ride, drove from a cutie to Kis on city and I could not believe how fast I got there. Usually it takes like around an hour or so to get to Kis on city and it was just, I don't know, I can't remember how long it was, but it was very, very fast. Yes, this is the Philippines 180 billion dollar plan to change the country's infrastructure and it will revolutionize the land into a golden age. From a high level, this massive agenda aims to promote an astonishing economic change to the country, a plan that would make the country become a high-income economy within a generation. The plan consists of constructing world-class transportation that would finally alleviate the infamous traffic in the capital city and improve the structures around the land. These transportation are the likes of railways, airports, urban transit. If you're not familiar with the build that's the legacy or the plan for the Philippines from former president Rodrigo Duterte, so... Systems, roadways, bridges and even seaports. By driving these infrastructures, the country will experience a stronger economic trend from increased connectivity and reduce its costly traffic jams. Beyond its improved transit systems, the agenda also aims to construct futuristic cities that compose of world-class technologies such as artificial intelligence. By doing so, they will also increase the innovation of the country and its people. And the goal of having an innovation center is a key part of the master plan. It will see the construction of information and communication technology hubs to make sure the country is on par with neighbors. Digging down, the schemes included in this are reported to be the most expensive infrastructures to ever be constructed in the country. Are you sure of this? One of which will become the country's largest airport ever is the upcoming new Manila International Airport, a project that spans over 2,500 hectares. Finally, we all have been waiting for this because Naya, I'm going to be honest, it can be improved, right? Further into the agenda is a project that also sits quite close to this is known as the Clark International Airport. Down to the ground, it has planned to construct ambitious rail projects, which are also seen as a massive game changer for the country. From the capital of the country in Metro Manila, there would be a 57.7 km long subway, a 148 km commuter railway that would run from the so-called New Clark City, another billion dollar mega city, and would run through the region's most important destinations. Yes, and if you are in Manila, you can already see them building those. There is this one hardware store in Makati, and you can literally look down and see the progress of the subway constructions. But among these, one that stands out as the most ambitious plan ever in the country is a 2,278 km rail project, and it is located not in economic destinations of the country, but further down the south of Mindanao, the smallest island group of the country, which also encompasses 240 people per square kilometer, way behind Luzon's 460 and Vesias 270. This Mindanao railway plan may sound like the biggest ever, considering it spans thousands of kilometers long. It is not. The biggest project to be ever constructed is the Mega City, New Clark City, a 9,450 hectare, 59 billion dollar project that would be the forefront economic changer. Although it is still early, it has already constructed several world class facilities, and the sports hub, which was a key product, was used during the 30th Southeast Asian Games. This 180 billion dollar plan has still yet to see its economic benefits to the country, as most of the projects on the agenda are still under construction, and some are still in the early stages. But once it does end up finishing these, then we will ultimately see not the finish, but the start of a bigger initiative. These projects will set the stone for the country to become a world class high-income destination filled with innovation. But wait, what actually is classified as a high-income economy? Thank you. And how far are the Philippines before reaching it? Well, the classification changes each year, but as of 2021, to enter that group, a country needs to have a gross national income per capita of 12,696 dollars or more. Currently, the Philippines sits only at 3,430 dollars per year, and as such, it needs to more than quadruple its current state to reach that state. So far, this mega plan has constructed or improved other 214 airport projects, 451 seaport projects that would enhance the country's tourism and trade industry. More than 29,000 kilometers of road and counting, 5,950 bridges, 11,340 flood control projects, and thousands more of other ambitious plans that had ultimately stirred incredible results. Anyway, what do you think about the Philippines 180 billion dollar plan to transform its infrastructure? Share with us your thoughts in the comments. Don't forget to leave us a like and follow us for more amazing videos. Wow, yeah. Definitely! Big future ahead, I would say. A lot has already changed. I have witnessed it myself by just crossing some bridges that were newly built, driving on roads that were newly built, internet infrastructure got built out to 5G and satellites, internet, and it's just really incredible to see how fast-paced the Philippines is developing. And even in my neighborhood where I live in VGC, the speed, how they've built the buildings, it's just it's incredible. I go away from Amant traveling, I come back and it's literally, you know, it's just like so many more floors finished and it's just it's crazy. It's just crazy to see how everything is changing every month. It's just steps and steps with it's just crazy growth. Yeah, let me know what you think about these projects. I definitely see a very bright future for the Philippines. Yeah, that was it for today. If you enjoyed this video, give it a thumbs up. If you're new, subscribe and of course hit the notification bell if you want to get notified for the next video. And more travel and lifestyle content on my channel Nelly's life. So if you want to check that out, it's a little bit different kind of content but pretty much enjoyable. I love putting smiles on your face, sharing some good vibes for my travels and my life. And that was it for today. I'll see you guys next time here on What's Up Philippines? Bye bye. Oh by the way, please comment down below. What video I should react to next time. I'm very curious to see what kind of videos you guys are watching. What you would like me to react to. So this is not a one-way street. It's a community, so you have to say something. You can dedicate what's delegated. What's dictate? You can suggest. Let's just say you can suggest. It's a better wording. What I should show here on this channel. Alright, there's it for real. Bye bye.