 So things that I admire about Indonesians, they're a lot. Their culture is like much more laid back and friendly and like family oriented. And so I liked that. I liked that walking down the street, you know, a dozen people are gonna like greet you and say good morning. Like that was just great. Everyday you just felt like very cared for by the community. And then families as well, like it's not uncommon to see like a mom, a dad, and like three kids all crammed onto a little scooter. And it was just cool to see like how much the parents love their kids and how tight all the kids are together and just great community. One house that I lived in would flood, like whenever it rained too much. And so when it would flood, we just opened up the back door and the front door and we'd take rooms and we just kind of let the water flood through our house. A person that lived in the house before me, he was a big American as well. And he kind of on the roof for some reason. And one of his feet broke through the ceiling right above my desk where I worked. And so when it would like rain, it would always get all my stuff wet. And so we eventually had that repaired, but that was pretty fun. I think public transportation was fun. A lot of times you'd be on like one of their little buses. Here in the US, maybe you'd fit like six people on the car, but they would pack in like 16 people, none of which you know. And so that was fun, just being close quarters with the Indonesian people. Food over there is like a dollar for a full plate of delicious food. So like probably like a tenth of what it is here in the States. We would just eat out every meal at these little restaurants, which was a lot of fun. Being able to just like eat well on what in America like wouldn't get you as good a food. We could live on a few hundred dollars a month and live very, very well. The exchange rate in Indonesia is like 15,000 Rupees to one dollar. And so like a hundred dollars is like almost two million Rupees. So it was fun to be like a millionaire for part of my life. So Indonesian culture is starkly different than what we have in the US for sure. Although Indonesia is not like an Islamic country, there is majority Muslim influence. And I think like they get a bad reputation sometimes, but the reality at least in Indonesia is that they are so kind and like really good faithful people. And so five times a day, you always get here they're called to prayer to show a lot. And so just like on all these loudspeakers, you just like hear this cool like call to prayer. And even at like four in the morning, you'll get woken up and you'll look out. And there would be like these like elderly people shuffling to the mosque to pray. And that's like happening five times a day every day. Also they have like a lot of religious holidays that are very different. There's one that's like a sacrifice day. And so the day before you see like all of these cows and sheep and whatnot in the streets. And then sacrifice day comes in the next day. None of those animals are there anymore. But we got to witness that. And it was like not wasteful. They would like, they sacrifice them with like their religious rights or whatever. And then they would give the meat out to the community and share it. And so it's like everything that they do, I feel like is very community oriented. Also style is a lot different. A lot of it's influenced by like Islamic clothing or men, men wear like the longer bag of your pants. They'll have like the wraps. Men will wear like a wrap around their waist, which here like is more of like a girl would wear like a skirt over there. It's like something that a man wears. It's religious clothing. Women cover their faces and their heads. So they wear like he jobs where they can just see their face. And that's another one of their like religious beliefs that that's something they need to do. Some will even cover with a burka. Everything except for their eyes. And so you see that a lot. They're very like modest people. Very respectful of like of each other, of their families. There's just people everywhere all the time and people are very comfortable with that. Culturally very different than here. But great. A lot of people in Indonesia have this belief that like because Indonesia isn't as well known in the world, the people there like aren't. I don't know if this is the right or not, but like not as special. But I would say that the people there are like some of the best people in the world. Even if they're like undiscovered, they have like some of the most beautiful architecture. Some of them have like really great work ethics. Some of them are just like really selfless. And I think that that should be recognized. I think there's just like a lot of good people in Indonesia. One time we had to go for a visit and it was raining a ton and flooding. And so we were on our bikes like up to our knees. Almost our whole bikes were underwater. We were just very slowly kind of like on little boats just like making our way through the very thick water. One of the coolest places I went is this safari. Kind of think like Jurassic Park. You like some gates open, you go and it closes behind you. Another gate opens and you're in a car. And just like your own personal vehicle. So like they don't give you like any like special vehicle. And then you go to the next gate it closes behind you. And then you're just like a huge cage with like lions. And then you go to another one of those brakes and then there's like tons of tigers. And then the next one's bears and the next one's like buffaloes, stuff from all over. Elephants. When there was ebres and like safer animals there would be signs for you to roll down your windows and you could like feed them carrots through the windows. So that was for sure like one of the coolest things. As far as like animal rights activists some people I know don't like those type of things. It was it was pretty cool to see once in a lifetime experience for sure. I love zoos in Indonesia because they're like not like here where you can't really get close to the animals. In Indonesia the fences are like much smaller and you feel like you could like touch the animals like little chain link fences. At least the zoos I went to. And a lot of the zoos would have like elephant riding or like you could hold snakes or whatever. And I never actually rode an elephant but there were tons of places that I could have and probably should have. Cause Indonesians have indigenous elephants sumatron elephants. So that's kind of cool. There are so many good foods in Indonesia. I think fried duck is probably like my favorite. There's this place called Benek Xinjiang in this island called Madura. And it's like world famous. And there's like 500 seats in the restaurant and all they serve is duck. And there's a reason cause it's so good. To try to stay healthy we weren't supposed to eat things like snake or dog but those are like big cuisine. Some people eat horse. So like you name it. They'll probably eat it in testines or big. Lighted in testines at 2000 like liver and they'll make you sick just cause they're different. Sometimes they're not like prepared in a way that we're used to. So there's some variety. Yeah lots of fruits and things that you've never seen before. And then we don't have here but they're totally delicious. They love their spices, especially spicy foods. Chicken is big, rice. I actually really like the cuisine there. Something called sambal. It's kind of like salsa but it's just peppers. So not as many of like the other types of vegetables that kind of dilute the spiciness. So just pure spicy. So that was an adjustment at first. I remember the first few months. I would eat MIs, it'd be watering. I might nose it'd be running. I'd be miserable. And like just basically crying in a little restaurant. But over time I grew to not only realize that spicy food can taste good but it can actually be really delicious. Something called rendang. It's like this meat that's marinated in like a bunch of spices for like a week or something. It just like really seeps in. Marta Bak, it's this dessert that they make that is super good. It's essentially just like a thick pancake that they drizzle sweetened condensed milk over and put chocolate and cheese and stuff on but it's super good. Way good. I think that if somebody opened a Marta Bak restaurant here, they could probably be pretty successful. Other dishes, saute is super good. It's just like little pieces of meat on these sticks other than they just kind of like barbecue. And they can be chicken or goat or various things and that's super good. They're not like big into sweets except for like Marta Bak Manis and a few other things but they like putting like cheese. They don't put cheese on other types of food but if you're their desserts they'll put cheese on but not on like normal dinners. It's different cheese, it's not like cheddar cheese. I don't know, it's like a white cheese but it's okay. Rainy season, the mornings always start without a cloud in the sky and it's so sunny and warm and seems so nice. But then some of the people I worked with would like refuse to bring rain jackets because it didn't look like it was gonna rain but then it always would. But something that was pretty crazy that I loved was whenever we'd travel by car we'd get to go through like the different forests and jungles and see the volcanoes and things and I just love how beautiful all of that was. And remember one day we went to this little island, Guacreo and on the island there's a bunch of monkeys. And so we went there and the monkeys were like very friendly and like new tourists. And so they would like try to like swipe your stuff. They took somebody's bottle of tea and like they could unscrew the lid and drink it and it was just fun to be so close to so many monkeys and like playing with them. So they got some cool pictures. So also in Indonesia I got to go to the Maluku Island chain and we like visited a bunch of really cool islands and we went to the little Nira Island chain I think is what it's called. And in the band-in-year island chain there's like eight islands like six of them are inhabited and for a total of like 10,000 people are less so pretty sparse. And we would take little boats from island to island just like little tiny boats on the open sea. And that was wild because we'd get like so seasick after like four hours just getting sloshed out on the waves. But a lot of fun, even just to get there we took an airplane that sits like 12 people. So that was pretty cool to fly in like a little airplane. One of the islands not inhabited but it's a big volcano just coming out of the ocean. I think it's like a kilometer tall above the ocean and like three kilometers below the ocean. So it's like one of the tall like four kilometers it's one of the tallest volcanoes just a lot of its underwater. And we were able to hike to the peak of that and that was really cool to see like steam coming out of the ground and be on an active volcano. It snorkeled a lot around those islands and volcanoes. And there's just all sorts of amazing fish and things to see. Biggest culture shock on a redding to Indonesia was definitely just coming out of the airport and just being hit by like this wave of humidity. The first place I lived is kind of a suburb of Jakarta which is the capital super populace. And that was in a city called Bikasi. And Bikasi is like very, very populated. Everything is just like cemented over. Not a lot of plant life. Very packed. People everywhere, public transportation is crowded, traffic all the time. Like open sewers, things like that. Like instead of like underground sewage a lot of times it was just like open troughs. That was new and different. And then how people dressed, the language obviously was huge, it was a huge difference. All of those things were shocking when I first arrived but within a few weeks I grew to love those things too. So sports in Indonesia coming from America, I loved basketball and we have like the NBA, the National Basketball Association. But in Indonesia basketball is a very like marginal sport on the time of people play it. In Indonesia soccer is big. Especially indoor soccer, futsal, on like small indoor courts we play that at time. And the Indonesian people some are really good at soccer, futsal, so that was a lot of fun to play. They also love badminton. I think that's like the national sport that they take a lot of pride in. I know they've won like a million gold medals which is pretty cool. And I got to play badminton a few times. And like some of the people at Bite of the were so good. They would like hit the birdie between their legs every time and just like destroy me. And it was a lot of fun to play badminton. Anyway sports there are so fun. Especially soccer and badminton. So animals in Indonesia and so just in the cities there's not a ton of like big animals other than just like people's pets. I mean there are lots of like straight cats. A few people have dogs. You'll see like the occasional like pig or horse or goat. But not a ton of that type of stuff. But then you go to the zoos and you see like all sorts of cool things. The orangutan is really cool. There are almost like seven feet and they're just huge animals like 200 pounds orange for big round faces kind of like a dinner plate which is pretty cool. I loved orangutans. I did go to one island that had this marsupial. I think an island is called a couscous or something. But it looks like a giant rat but it has like a pouch and it lives in trees. It has big eyes and that was kind of cool to see. I know that in parts of Indonesia there are like elephants and tigers and rhinos and all those things. But we didn't see those in the city very much if at all. Monkeys, I guess we didn't see monkeys in the city sometime. But usually those were like chained up or domesticated as well. So in Indonesia they have at least in Western Indonesia. They have a pretty good network. Western Java. They have a good network of trains from like all the cities connecting them. And the trains get to where they're just so many people traveling to and from Tukardo, which is kind of like just the epicenter where a lot of stuff happens. And you'll be on a train and there are so many people that you're literally holding your bag above your head and packed on all sides with people. And the train like literally could not fit another person and there are people that are squeezing in and then the doors, those in certain people can't even fit and they just have to wait for the next train. So that happened a lot where we would just have to jump on the train as fast as we could. And occasionally some of our buddies that'd be traveling with us, we get left behind and they'd have to get to the next train. And so that happened pretty regularly. Most of them were air conditioned but you'd be on the train for like two hours. You could almost relax because there were so many people packed around. You could kind of just like float on top of all the people but it was just so tight and pretty uncomfortable. We took buses a lot as well for the longer trips and a few times on buses as well. I remember a six hour bus ride where I had to stand the whole time in the aisle. And the ceiling was low so I was like hunched over for six hours. So yeah, I mean public transportation moves a lot of people around in Indonesia way more than in the States. Indonesia and most of the big cities where I lived, they would have something called the Carefree Day. And it's like Sunday mornings they'd block off the city centers and just let people come right there by aches and go on walks or exercise. And I enjoyed that a lot. There was really fun on Sunday mornings just to like get out with the communities and see tons of people interacting in positive healthy ways. I don't know if that's the case in like all cities but in a lot of the cities I was in, Sunday mornings were just like this special community time. And I thought that that was a pretty positive thing. Voting day. I don't know if this is national elections but for sure local elections people would go vote. And they dipped their finger in ink like basically permanent ink or at least inked it with last for a couple days. And if they had dipped their finger then they couldn't vote again. And so that was like the security to ensure that people didn't vote twice. So that was cool as well to see people involved in like their local government. Indonesia does try to be fairly democratic and I think a lot of people care about the good of the country which is cool. There are a lot of very like national people. And especially on Independence Day. Indonesia's only been around for like a little over 70 years as a country. And so it's like relatively new. Some of the older people like remember when they won their independence. And so that's really cool. They celebrate and play all sorts of fun games on Independence Day. We do like sack races like get three people inside a sack and like race another team of three people just like fun different things. I think they even mandate. Most cities are maybe the whole country mandates you like way you like fly a flag on Independence Day an Indonesian flag. So that was cool as well. Just like be part of that and like fly around Indonesian flags. The Indonesian history they were colonized by the Dutch for like 300 400 years a long long time. And then World War II the Japanese came in. And for a few years colonized Indonesia as like an imperial country. But then the US helped Indonesia win its independence. And a lot of like Indonesian heroes fought in those battles as well. Japan was the last country that like came in as an imperial nation and took over Indonesia. Mostly just because Indonesia was like very rich and oil and other natural resources that they needed for the war and for growth. Indonesians eat rice with like every meal. They say if you haven't eaten rice you haven't eaten. And so like bread and milk that we drink more here in the States is like pretty foreign to them. Fried rice is super good over there. We love fried rice. They have something called crew pukes. But it's basically like somehow they take fish and they like blend it up or something. And like as a paste and they like make these very like intricately shaped balls and like almost like little plates out of these fish. And then you'll like eat it with rice or with your soup or whatever else you're eating. Sometimes they're like little chips as well. I think they're usually fish based. But they come in like all different colors because they'll die in different colors. And they're pretty good that way. The street type food there'd be street vendors that could either have like little restaurants set up or like push restaurants. They're also like slightly more expensive restaurants that were like walk in places that were really delicious as well. It's to me at least a lot of the street vendors the food just tasted way better than like the more expensive nice restaurants. I don't know if they just have like the magic touch. But that was something we found a lot. In most of our houses there would be people that would go by in the mornings or like throughout the day. Selling ice cream or breakfast or other things. And so we could just order from them and eat that food which was really nice. So we didn't have to go out and get food. So learning Indonesian, I came to Indonesia with like six weeks of language study under my belt. So not really a lot just like basic sayings. And a lot of what we learned was more formal than what people speak on the streets anyways. And so it was a big learning curve. When I arrived I was partnered with somebody who was from Indonesia from Meidon. And so he obviously spoke fluently and he was able to help me some. But it was mostly just like this immersive chance to just try to speak with everybody that I met. And then over time I would start to like pick up on the different ways of speaking. In English we have like different tendencies. In Indonesia there's like a whole different structure of tendencies. And so if I heard a word I didn't know or phrase I didn't know I'd always like write it down and then I'd make flashcards and learn them later. And so that was the big thing. Just like increasing my vocabulary. And then trying to like go out on a limb and like say things or like use parts of speech that I thought should be used a certain way. And then two or three months in I got to where I could understand fairly well. And then maybe like eight months in you speaking it every day I got to where I felt very comfortable speaking and explaining abstract ideas, past, present, future, all those things. But the language fortunately it's tenses and things are really simple. And so that helped. The difficult thing was that there are so many local dialects that influence the language that you had to learn a pretty big vocabulary. Yeah, Jody D. Indonesia. Some of that people remember about all sightings, the best practice and the most difficult language ever.