 We truly have no idea where we've ended up. My own good dog everyone. Welcome to the channel we wander. I'm Kuyakodi and I'm at the izai. You thought you're so odd day. Oh my god. You're leaning into it. We've been wondering southern late day for over a month. It's been craziness. If you've been following the journey, you know how crazy it's been. But before I tell you what we're doing today, we both want to give a huge, huge thank you to everyone because yesterday our video where we were opened up about how little money we have came out. And I guess because of that video, a lot of you guys gave something on our co-feas. You guys gave all together a pretty good amount. Very, very helpful. It's going to help us out a lot. Be able to do a lot more. Get a lot further. But it's still not enough to keep us going forever. So we're still trying to make the best videos we can. We're still trying to get everything worked out with YouTube and AdSense. The plan is eventually. We don't need to ask you for anything guys. Yeah, hopefully soon we can get everything we need off of YouTube alone. And they'll actually give us the money on like last month. And my plan is just to straight up deactivate my co-feas. So that you guys know we got this. That makes sense. But we just wanted to get across right here at the beginning that we really, really appreciate it. Thank you guys so much. It means more than you could ever know to us. Seriously. It's hard to express it. It feels strange to have people you've never met giving you money. To do this type of thing and to keep traveling and keep living your dream basically. So thank you so much. And if you are new to this channel, don't forget to subscribe and like and share the video. Today we're going to Leigh Bagan, which is very close to SoGone. There's a few things to do there. I don't actually know if any of this is worth it. But one thing you guys have to understand about traveling in a place that's less traveled is sometimes you have to take a risk and try. Even if you don't know if it's going to be cool. So let's hope it works out. We're attempting to find black sand beaches. We've heard online that there are black sand beaches and the Marangay Pang-e. Nobody seems to know where they would be. And there's no names for them when I read about it online because this place is so poorly documented for travel. We found this thing that looks cool, but we worry it might just be some personal talent. We truly have no idea where we ended up. Nobody told us that there was a sanctuary this way. We saw this thing with the flags on it. Normally flags mean like a beach or a resort or a sanctuary. Doesn't really look like that, but we followed it out here anyway. I don't know if the drone flight I just did saved or not. You'll know because you'll have just seen it if it did. But I have it up maximum altitude. Far away getting this amazing. Really, I hope it saved. Amazing shot. Suddenly all these pink lines come on the screen. Then the gimbal forces the camera up. I just see the sky and I can't see the drone with my eyes. I'm like, dude, is it falling out of the sky? I'm looking at the altitude. It's not lowering. So it doesn't look like it's falling. And then so I just start bringing it down and bringing it down. And eventually, like reconnects to where I can see things again. I don't know, dude. I'm like shaking right now. It was really scary. This is all because of that drone crash we had the other day. Maybe I just need to make sure to not go that far away anymore. The other day I went further away than that and it was fine. So I don't know. But this was proof today that I definitely still need to be careful with it. It's not 100%. Oh my gosh. Okay, we're going to move on to the next bomb. Maybe there's another beach somewhere I don't know. But this was a really cool find. Have you saw many fish and they're like bigger fishes than they're like many. A bit of those guys. Yeah, many big ones. I haven't seen a single big one yet. I just see all the small ones. But these are not sardines, right? They're smaller, I think. But it reminds me of the sardines. I mean, they're like big fish and they're like the same kind. And they are many. Oh, there's big ones like that one. We really don't know who owns this place or what it actually is. It's really cool. If you're passing through this area, if you're coming from the direction of so good, keep an eye out on your right. For something that looks like this, it's kind of hard to see. You'll probably miss it, to be honest. And if you look close, maybe you'll see it. This is why you'll probably miss it because it's right there. Very hard to see. Oh, but there's these two flags right here. So look for these two flags. We're at the municipal hall, which is in Burangay Fubas. Because we had heard that it was worth seeing, I read online. And yeah, it's pretty cool. This building is so cool. It really does look like an old European building. I guess the Spanish built it. From what we read, it was built in 1925. And completed in 1928. Oh, started in 1925, completed in 1928. So as far as we know, the Spanish were still here then? We're pretty sure. I'm not good at this building. Oh, we're not sure. We're not sure. But either way, it definitely looks that way. It's very cool. It's not the type of thing you see here in the Philippines, a lot to be honest. So, these I was saying that the old houses used to all look this way. So, yeah, I don't know. It's a really cool little walk through history. He says that the man back here on this, the statue of the man back here, is a Jose Rizal. Who is the national hero of the Philippines? For what reason, Yizai? I'm sorry, I don't know. My Filipino history is not the best. He's a national hero because he started a revolution using his writing. Like he wrote El Salvador Bistérias no en Limita, here he is. And that's part of the revolution, the Philippine revolution because of his work against the like, Friars. The Spanish? Ah, okay. Very cool. Very interesting. He didn't fight against the Friars and the Spanish using swords or guns. He fought back using pins. And as we all know, that's where the saying, the pen is myder than the sword comes from. Right? Maybe. This is the old seaport. It's beautiful for the view of Sogo Bay. Really, really gorgeous. Did you guys know, Little Fat, Sogo Bay is home to many whale sharks. They're right out there. We can go see them now. We don't know where to find them. So we were on the hunt for my Yuga Beach and we've been getting pointed all over the place. Finally made our way back here. And we found this beach park La Agueda Beach Park. It was shut when we first walked up when the guy came and opened it. So we're gonna go back down and see if this is what we're looking for. It might be a bus, guys. We come back here and there's pins all at even get to the beach. And then they have doors, but the doors have been nailed shut. Even on the beach, it's very rocky. I don't know, guys. Let us know in the comments below. Where in Leigh-Badgon should we go? We already know about one on falls. We're doing that very soon. So don't suggest that. Anything else you know of here? Let us know there's gotta be more stuff. This is such a big area of the island. I mean, really? How can there be so little stuff? I mean, what we've seen has been cool. Municipal Hall was really cool. It was beautiful and it's cool to learn a little bit of history. But I know there's gotta be more stuff here. I know some of you guys live here. Let me know in the comments below. What are we missing? And we'll come back. So we're dead today. So there may not be much to the beach, but forest back here is amazing, honestly. I really love this type of thing. This is one of the things I love the most about Leigh-Badgon is that the forest is so thick. It's so beautiful. And the highway is right over there. And still, crazy thick forest right here. We think this place might be cool for like conferences, big groups of people wanting to have a meeting and a nice, pretty place. But right now... There may be parties, things like that for celebrations. But we cannot, as for now, we cannot recommend this for random tourists. Like just the two of us are like one tourist. Yeah, I don't know. It's a lot of snow guys. Where do we need to see here? We're missing something big. I know we're missing something nice in this area. We've gotta be. It's so big. Yeah, we don't want that one. Oh, it's so nice. We're in the guys' sauna supermarket. We're actually gonna go eat at a manual cafe that a viewer recommended we go to, but we need to do some shopping first. He's out here, Magnum's falling apart. So we're trying to find this manual cafe that our viewer told us to go to. And we follow Google Maps and we ended up all the way up here in the mountains. And we asked this guy and he said, luckily, he knew. He said that Google Maps always points people up here who are trying to find it. And that it's right by Savers Depot, which would be closer to where our subscribers said to look, I'm up here, I'm like, this guy thinks this is next to the guys' sauna? There's no way. So, yeah, I guess we're gonna head back there and hopefully we'll find it. Well, no wonder this place was hard to find. Look, that's the only sign for it. And you can't even tell that there's anything here, honestly. You just blow right past it. Okay. It looks so good. He said, let me get pepperoni in on light. I really think that was probably the best pizza I've had in the Philippines. The crust was so good. Did you like it? Yeah. My only problem is that it wasn't pepperoni, so I'm gonna have to come back and have pepperoni sometime. But I will say to the viewer that recommended it, thank you. But also, they did say that it was expensive. And yeah, it's expensive. No joke. But it feels like they really take their time with it. I think I understand the price because it seemed like a lot of care was put into it and you could taste the care. Oh, and just because we told you it's hard to find this place. So just so you know, just go past Saver's Depot. It's right, like, as you go past it. Saver's Depot is on your left and this place is on your right, literally, like, right after it. Just premiered our batonets of a size video. It had so many of you guys in the chat. Thank you guys for joining. Yes, thank you so much guys. It was really hard for me. Yeah, it's so good to see so many of you guys showing up. And the wonders keep growing. We gotta go buy some fish. And then we're going back home, check on the cat. And I gotta edit. And I've got a lot of editing to do on this video. I'm probably gonna be up late tonight. But hopefully it won't be too bad. We're almost back. This spot we're out right now is actually where the people come to try to get a little bit of data on their phones. I came up here and responded to comments once. No, I actually just read them. I couldn't actually respond. But back there, every time I go by, I always see the mountains in the background. God dang, it's like a reminder of what a beautiful place we're actually in. Like, when I can't actually see it because there's so many trees in the way. But I just wanted to end out today's vlog. Thank you guys so much for watching. I'm sorry we didn't do anything really crazy exciting. But we were trying to find tourist spots that are not well known. And apparently these spots at least aren't well known for a reason. Or they're so hidden we didn't find them. Let us know in the comments where else we should check out. Seriously, let us know. We'll go there. We'll look into it. But I promise you tomorrow we will do something. We know it's fun and exciting. Bye guys. Keep wondering. See you tomorrow. Yeah. Don't forget to like and subscribe and share our video. Yes. Don't forget to like, comment and subscribe. Always forget to say that. Thank you, guys. Bye.