 Today we are with Justin and Mary from Canada. How long have you been here in the Philippines? Almost one year now. How do you like it so far? I love it here, yeah it's nice. And what specifically do you like about the Philippines? I like the balance of like you can live in Asia it's close to the islands but live in the city. I don't like to be just staying on the islands. So for today's question what are the advantages of living here in the Philippines as a foreigner? The advantages are you're close to Asia. I like to travel in Bali, Thailand, all the islands here. I'm across the living as well as cheaper than back in Canada. And what are some of the disadvantages of living here as a foreigner? There's not really too many disadvantages I'd say the rain, like the typhoon season. That's pretty much it I guess. The rain is like back home in Canada as well. It rains a ton but I'd say that's the only thing I don't really like. Thank you so much for your time. Yeah no worries thanks. From where do you come from? I'm from China. From the Philippines. Where do you come from? I'm from the Philippines. I'm from my sister. She's from here. Do you want to come to the Philippines? Kind of. I think it has beautiful views, good weather but I just came for just one week so I didn't experience so much things. And what are some advantages of living in the Philippines as a foreigner? In your opinion? Other advantages? Yeah. Let's see. So first I think Philippines has a shoulder respect for all the tourists from each country and I like the fish here. I have to see that. So what are some of the disadvantages you think about living in the Philippines as a foreigner? In your opinion? Yes just just happened you know I just go into one completely this morning and my sister came with her ex-girl and then the security came he said one person one car so it's not a lot so I received a ticket for you know how much for 2000. That's crazy. Yeah that's crazy. I don't know why. Yes that's the bad things happen ever. So you think there's a lot of rules here? Yes I have too many rules and like if you go into a big, big, like big hotel and things you can wear slippers you can wear you have to wear so formal. I don't know why. I think this is a tourist country ride and but have too many rules can't destroy this. That's pretty much it thank you so much. Thank you. Today we are with Steven. Where are you from my friend? I'm from the UK, Aberdeen Scotland specifically. And what brought you here to the Philippines? So I initially came down to visit one of my friends. He's got family down south in CDO. So we met his family, went around some nature parks and now we're in Manila for the last weekend just to kind of enjoy ourselves a bit more. How do you like the Philippine so far? I love it man. It's been great. Everyone's been very hospitable. There's not very many people like me here obviously so you get a lot of stairs but it's not like anything nerve wracking and like the people are just curious and they come up to me speak to me like yeah it's been a great experience so far. And what are some of the advantages of living in the Philippines as a foreigner? The things that immediately come to mind I would say the food the food's amazing. Also the spending power so because of like I use the British pounds and I come here I could actually get a lot more for like my initial investment. The people have been very hospitable as well. I'm the weather as well of course. I'm from Scotland where it's like eight degrees right now so. So what are some of the disadvantages of living in the Philippines as a foreigner? You'd say. So some of the disadvantages, I wouldn't say this specific to the Philippines. I would say it's mainly places which are still developing and I would say it centers around things like sometimes security like you might not know where in the city would be safe to go. The traffic as well can't be a bit hectic and just trying to get from place to place so yesterday we had a dinner reservation and we couldn't make it because a taxi driver couldn't be like for the driving us basically because of the traffic so yeah I would say logistics and also like a bit of security as well I would say. That's pretty much it man thank you so much for your time. The more is it's all thanks for asking me. Today we are with Ashley Oaks hello. And where are you from? I'm from Sydney Australia. And what brought you here to the Philippines? My friend works here for a little bit so we've come to visit her. And how do you like the Philippines so far? I love the Philippines. I've been here three times already so yeah. In what places? The province areas I can't remember the name but my friend lives here with her family so yeah. The province is a bit scary I can't walk by myself because her family lives in like the out areas so there's not many people as pilots me. And what are the advantages of living in the Philippines as a foreigner? Advantages, freedom is in Australia there's a lot of rules sort of strict rules you must follow and here it's just a little bit free. So you reckon it's a stark aberration from what's going on in Australia then? Yeah, yeah Australia is very strict with their rules yeah. And how about some of the disadvantages of living here in the Philippines as a foreigner? Disadvantaged again you know it's dangerous I can't walk around at night by myself yeah. That's all thank you so much for your time here. Thank you. Nice to meet you. Filipino, just in Philippines, very big and very far benefits live in Philippines 되게 etwas podría que? Just in the Philippines, it's a bit aíain Pence and DOGu and so on. It's hot and it's very hot and there's a lot of air in it. It's very cold. It's not cold. How is your name? My name is Kate. How's your name? I'm from Russia, Senkweather, very good. At least now. What do you think are the advantages and disadvantages of living in the Philippines as a foreigner? This is pretty easy. The climate. The climate is perfect. It's really warm. I can readjust dress. I don't need a jacket like at home. This is a very big, big glass of living here. About disadvantages, some processes are really slow. Like I'm trying to open an account in the bank. It takes so much time just to discuss everything. People ask me why I want to open an account. It's a strange question. Why do they mean why? To keep my money. Yeah, to get some maybe a sense. But yeah, that's strange. It really differs from what I'm used to. Generally, that's a really nice place. It's so hot here. I can swim in the swimming pool. I can drink some cold drinks. Like, you know, always last in summer. So this is the main plus for me. As for the disadvantage that you mentioned, is it much easier to open bank accounts in to Transak in Russia? In Russia, you know, it's like a good service. So you come to the bank and they will not let you out. Until you open an account. Because they want to receive money. That's important for them. So they all work for some, you know, percent. They receive percent from each client. They involve. So that's important for them. And you know, like, for example, internet. The same thing. They have a lot of different companies. And if you call to any, they will come immediately. These days, or maybe next day. And first, we will make a routine. So they will bring you on a damn. They will switch on everything. And after you will pay. Here, for example, we paid for internet like 4000 and a half pesos. And we were waiting about one or two weeks. Until some guy came and made us internet. And after, it didn't work about three days. So three or even four days, something like this. So it could not happen in Russia. So yeah, this is little bit makes us nervous. Oh, okay. Thank you very much for your time. Bye.