 Hey guys, we're up here and today I'm going to show you how to get to Pamela, can Ireland. Now I spent one night there, I was going to spend two nights, but because of the typhoon, there's no power there, so I cut my trip there short. So I'm going to show you what to see and what to do. And also a couple of places you can start, including some budget options. Let's go! Firstly, it's that little red pin on the map, just off the mainland of Bohol. The boat leaves from Buckley on Pierre or Port, and it takes about one hour. Take a boat from here, alone at Beech, it's going to cost you around three five. If you take it from Buckley on, it's around one five for special trip, or you can catch one of the public boats, but you'll have to wait for passengers. It's around 50 pesos per person, but you might have to wait around possibly hours until it fills up. You also have to consider if you're staying on a loan at Beech, the extra time it takes, and the inconveniences as well as extra costs for say the tricycle. Overall though, it is still a cheaper option. So I'm at the Pierre here, that's the boat that goes to Pamela, can Ireland. You have to wait till it fills up before it'll go, so who knows how long that's going to take. So what seemed like an internity waiting in the hot sun? I bit the bullet and said let's do it and take the special trip. They originally told me 2000 because of the choppy waters. I tried to negotiate, but I could only get it down to 1800. And you know, it's a bit of that role in the foreign soccer who overpay. Anyway, after the back and forth with the prices, we headed off. And the first thing I noticed, the water wasn't that choppy. And the trip to the island takes about an hour. The boat also had some cargo so they're making a nice little profit on this run. So you may want to check with their home stay or resort and see if you can pre-arrange something. So this is the infer the resort sent me to give you a better guide on prices and what to expect. So we're just going to explore Pamela, can Ireland a little bit. There's a village here, so just to check it out a little bit. So there was a little bakery and you can walk to the other side of the island where there's another little beach. So this is the Spanish watch tower. They did do some repair work to the tower, but it doesn't quite look as good now. It's lost a little bit of that old Spanish charm with the modern patchwork. I came here about six or seven years ago and it seems nothing much changes on this island. You know, lay back quite village life. So what you got here is some accommodation on this corner of the island. Now, accommodation here is pretty simple. It's just basic room with fan. When I was looking to book there are a few places on book insights. So have a checker there. There's some home stays and all that. So this is some cottage cheese can read out. 600 overnight or if you pay 1000, you can get three meals included. You can contact them on this number or they're also on Facebook. Another place worth checking out is Mary's. This is Mary's Pamela can Katidis. And you can search on Facebook 1000 for a night including three meals. Seven rooms, two family, good for four people. Good for four to six people. Four to six people. So this is inside the cottage, just a bed and fan really. There's a little balcony on the front to sit out. How much is the family room? One five, good for after four people. No need. Mary's Pamela can Katidis. Okay, Facebook you do want to message through Facebook. It was always in our office in Baglayam. I'll just get the number. So I'm staying at the way way resort here in Pamela can Island. The front is got a white sandy beach. Sitting back under the shade and get some lovely views of the ocean. So this is my home tonight. I've got the family suite and from my room I can hear and see the ocean. Not sure if you can see that in the camera. So this is what's inside the room. It's spacious but minimalistic and rustic. That mosquito net you will need particularly when there's a bit of rain around. In the shower there's a bucket and pile in case there's no water pressure. And that's what I actually had to use. Hopefully you're okay with cold water. This is the Deluxe cottage, good for two people. The features of the room are fairly much the same. It's just a little bit smaller. It comes with a little balcony with a view of the ocean. Again, it had a simple bathroom. The other Deluxe came with one bed. And again, this had a little balcony with sea view. This is their garden cottage, a little bit smaller in size and just the basics. So these are the rooms at the back. Pretty much all the same feel as the other rooms. So if you're okay with basic rustic accommodation. You can book them on third party sites such as booking.com or a goda. They also have their own website as well as Facebook page that you can contact them on. For other accommodation options you can also try Airbnb. This is a dinner which was quite nice actually. So at 6.30 at night I'm just using a flashlight here in sea here. There's no power here so I'm living it rough here. So that's where I'm sleeping tonight. There are some mosquitoes around. I have to leave the door open because it's just too hot. There's no fan obviously without the electricity. But on normal occasions they'll have a fan. They actually have a small generator here which they use for. They're refrigerators, keep things cool. It's no shangler lah here. I have to say it wasn't one of my best sleeps. Without the fan it was fairly hot and uncomfortable. Tossing and turning or night. Kind of made me glad that I didn't stay two nights. Once I get the electricity back, things should be okay. Out here you've got firstly this area which is we can see turtles. So lots of turtles there and to go either you need to guide for 200 pesos plus a 50 peso conservation fee. And then there's a coral garden. There's a coral garden out there again to you need a guide. Yes. At the moment after the typhoon some of the sand's gone over there. So things could change here. Not very picturesque like before. Not as nice as we need to do a lot of work. And then over here. It's the marine, we call the marine sanctuary. There's another marine sanctuary there so I'm going to check out that. Which is really the fish breeding area. A fish breeding area over here. And if you're lucky you will see a giant clam alive. Oh wow so you can see giant clams alive over there. So maybe we can change. And you can do that by snorkeling? Yes, by snorkeling. Okay, we're allowed to snorkele there. But no oxygen must because it destroys the... Okay. But it's really this big and it's amazing to see. This big? Yeah, yeah. I try and do that. That big. Yeah, yeah, it's amazing to see the fish. Oh yeah. It's alive you know. For sure. Other things to do in the island is to visit the village. Yeah, the village. The village is another thing to do. Which I'm going to do shortly. And there's some more water activities over there. Yeah, the island is how they call it. It's like a cake being sliced by the action of the waves. The waves, yeah. So we have two modes. So there's two modes over there. It's like a cake apparently. See, we'll see it and it'll make sense probably then when I actually sit with my eyes and film it. So, alright, we'll do that later. Yeah. And then we have a small island here. There's another island over here. On high tide, it's good for snorkeling because you can see really shells and what have you. I mean crawlies, I will call them crawlies. Crawlies. Yeah. And then low tide, you can actually gather small shrimp and mussels. And what have you and these are called edible. And they could cook them up and it haven't been for dinner. Yes, yes, yes. Alright, we'll see what we can do. So the story of the turtles. Yeah. So four years ago we have an Norwegian gentleman who's married to a local woman here. And he's really into conservation. Yeah. So he noticed that the people here are eating turtle eggs. So they gathered the turtle egg and it became a staple. So he thought they should conserve this. In other countries they have to be conserved. So what he did, he bought the turtle eggs and hatched in front of his house. You will see the house later. He's no longer here. He's no longer here. After a hardy breakfast, it was off snorkeling. So this is what we took. First we went looking for the turtles. Visibility wasn't that great on the day we went. But we did manage to see some turtles out in the distance. Hopefully you can see them on camera. All up I saw about four turtles. Next was the coral gardens. Even after the typhoon. There were some nice corals and marine life. Unfortunately, I didn't give enough time between breakfast and the slurkeling. And I started to feel real sick and I had to call it quits early. If you don't mind coming into a place without all the luxuries, just get back to nature. This is the place. Just calm and relaxing. Look at the beach behind me. There is a few sandflies. People hanging out by the beach now. This island's only got 1,800 inhabitants. So it's not a very largely populated place. So we want to get away from the hustle and bustle. We just enjoy the simple things in life. This is the place for you. Look along the beach here. It is the windy side here. So there is a bit of flotsam and jetson on the beach. But overall, it's got some nice colours in the water. Probably not the best beach I've been to, but it's not bad. For me, probably a couple of nights is the maximum I would need here. I kind of probably get bored. I think it's one of those places if you're definitely a rider. You could stay one of these cottages for 6 months and ride your next bestseller. One other thing that's popular here is a dolphin watching early in the morning. So because my trip was cut short, I am planning to go back when the place has electricity. So stay tuned for that in the near future. If you want to check out some of my other videos, I've done some other amazing places in the Philippines. Click on one of the videos on screen now. You can check out our virus Facebook page with the project she's doing to help people. And keep safe out there and I'll catch you next time. Cheers.