 Philippines. An open door Jewish rescue in the Philippines extended trailer. Yes, so this is about I believe the something about I don't know anything about this story but from what comments or in the title seems that during World War II the Philippines rescued some of the Jews that were Hitler was coming for. Yes, so we're gonna see this like documentary style thing learn a bit about what the Philippines was doing around the time because I definitely not learned about this ever so. No literally no nothing about it. Yeah, the only thing I remember here about Philippines in World War II is like Japan and Vading and stuff like that the battles that went on in there really interesting gonna check this out so hopefully you enjoy subscribe if you do check out our other Filipino content and yeah there's a lot of stuff on this channel for you already. Also check out the new travel vlog channel we have tons of videos up there are ready so go check them out and you're gonna want to subscribe there because that's gonna be the place where we're gonna upload our vlogs when they're where you are when we are in the Philippines. Oh yeah so subscribe stay tuned on there and while you're waiting why not watch it. Yes join us discover more of the world there's a big world out there and we're like right in the center. Yeah we are to Blycy Georgia. Yeah. If you can't leave your country if it's like too expensive or you don't have time with work you can follow. Or the cabin. Yeah the cabin and see what it's like out there. Let's do this this should be interesting here we go. Open door. That's very intense. That was a very expensive drone like I'm watching him to the lost. It's a Gabriel Traveler video. Yeah a preview. The way you see picked that up is like oh I forgot I put my shoe on the table. Usually put the door. We would go to the park nearby and we would by the time we were five we would see benches that would say dogs and Jews not allowed. And could quite understand what all this was about. When Hitler came to power in 1933 I was two years old and my father being the chairman of the socialist party in Cologne which was one of the two parties that opposed the Nazis. The Communist Party being the other one was accused by the Nazis of having murdered two Nazis. And my mind concentration camp I knew it was a terrible place and we would most likely be killed there. So it was fear terrific fear and so we started hiding. We were told that there was basically a man in government who was an anti-Semite and who was very antagonistic towards the Jews. We take the train home and very often there were kids waiting for us older kids as we came out of the train station and they started running after us eight kids and throwing stones at us and calling us dirty Jews. That's crazy too because the fact that it's pushed down to kids like all this turmoil that these parents are just like oh yeah by the way kid go tell this other kid that he doesn't deserve to live and stuff like that. That's a low to get to in a life. Yeah it still happens. You see literally little kids on the internet like 10 year olds just touting exactly what their parents say. This word for word and it gets in there right away and unfortunately this one was a murderous intent. Yeah which is crazy. The crazy thing in addition to that is that it wasn't that long ago. People act like this could never happen again. It wasn't even a hundred years ago. Yeah and I mean you go around and you see Krukset still support these beliefs to absurd. We get things in our own comment section of people just hating other groups of people for no reason other than they're not from my country they're not me it's crazy. Yeah they just never talk to them in their entire life. They don't have a single thing about that. They probably never left their own country. They've never gone to that country but they hate those people for no reason. Just learn their bad people. Yeah I became a very fast runner. In 1937 a group of Nazis came to the door with a German shepherd and... Does I normally look at German Shabber? ...the Jewish books and my dad had quite a library. The dog frightened me there it was a big police dog and they took the books. There were a fair number amount of Jews living in that apartment house. They took all these books took them into the backyard of the apartment building and there was a whole pire that was built and basically burned all those books. They took my German citizenship away from my mother my father and myself. So now we were stateless. My dad was arrested and was arrested in the rest lockdown hall. Really that even like racism and stuff they they look the same like there's no difference if he didn't wasn't considered considered for himself a Jew or say he was a Jew they would not know. Yeah that's crazy. That's insane but the leader was like Jews are bad and he was like I'm a Jew and he's like I hate you now. Yeah wow. And was arrested in the rest lockdown hall. My mother told me that my brother and I that my dad was away on a trip on a business trip. Really never divulged that he was had been arrested and but cried bitterly and we couldn't understand why she was crying. My father was told by the Nazis that he had to sell get rid of all his houses. He could only take a hundred marks out. With the implementation of the Nuremberg laws and depriving all German Jews of their German citizenship this that enabled then the the government to confiscate businesses to confiscate homes to appropriate all their assets. It was not a physical extermination but it was a social annihilation because it annihilated their place in the social fabric of German society and treated them as non-grottis as foreign enemies living among society. It's crazy that like right before this started they were all just living together. Yeah. I mean there may have been some sort of some people that still just already were like that very antisemitic but then all of a sudden it's just a shift. You aren't a citizen anymore. Everything you own is no longer yours. Get out. Not to mention the people that didn't care before at all. Like not even just the antisemitic people. Like people that were their neighbors and were like oh yeah we're friends and then suddenly they're like I'm not your friend anymore. Daddy Hitler told me and then they joined the bandwagon through them in the trains. That's crazy. Crazy. My father's family left Germany in 1939 so it was late and in fact my father's uncle Walter with him he was very close was actually taken by the Nazis and killed in a concentration camp. They were well-educated German Jews who believed that this was not going to affect them. When we got this telephone call we packed our bags we left within an hour and all of our furniture or everything else pots, pans, dishes whatever it was in the kitchen we left behind and we never went back there. We thought any minute they're gonna stop the cars and send us off to concentration camp. New law came out that German aliens were not to go to Jewish physicians or not be treated by Jewish physicians anymore and then my father realized that time is up and he should better start looking around for another country to take him. When we boarded the ship it was it was a bit exciting for me. It was sort of an adventure and I felt somewhat secure. I had my brother there. I had my parents there. I know I was going to a new country but it was somewhat exciting. The Americans there was a lot of anti-Semitic stuff going on during America at this time too. America didn't take a lot of Jewish people that were trying to escape and come in before there's all sort of going down too. So I'm sure knowing the way America was especially at this time they probably thought oh we can ship them to the Philippines because we don't want them either. Yeah yeah true. I mean still is like that not the shipping to the Philippines but to like one of the big issues in the US politics is border control and stuff like that and there are some people that straight up do not want anyone else coming into your country. Yeah it's really unfortunate. There's a lot of racism bigotry out there still and obviously this is like the top the peak you can get but it's gotten down but it feels like it's coming back the way things are going now. And yet he developed an affinity for Jews because he felt that there was a sort of a symbolic brotherhood between between Filipinos and Jews that is that as the Filipinos were were the recipients of racial discrimination and bigotry on the part of many Americans at that time that the Jews were similarly the recipients of bigotry by the Nazis and so even though Kazon had extremely important and critical political and economic issues to wrestle with at this time he was willing to take a stand to help the Jews. My father applied to the Philippines but didn't know at all where it was what it was all he knew was was somewhere in the Pacific. So he looked up his encyclopedia which was published in 1898 we found out. And he read that this was a an island discovered or set of islands. 7,000 islands discovered by Magellan it's under the Spanish crown Spanish was the national language so naturally we immediately started studying Spanish. We got to the Philippines and we're staying in the boarding house where there are all sorts of different people Filipinos, Mastizo's Caucasians etc. I didn't never made to me there was never any distinction to me they were all people and to this day I feel no way but it was never a distinction to me. I was very impressed because we rode up Do we boulevard into Pasi and the lovely beach lovely beaches beautiful banana trees and there were polo grounds I remember. One of the things we did fairly often was go to the movies and there were half a dozen good movie theaters in the Philippines the lyric the Idaal the Gayity Theater I would say we probably went to the movies maybe once every couple of weeks. The games that we played with mostly Sipa. Sipa is it's a metal it's a round metal thing with strips of paper I believe and you kick it with your leg and the one who kicked it the most was the winner when you saw how the doors were basically closed to all of us except the Philippines and how the Filipino people are a very warm people they're a very friendly people. We learned Filipino songs and there were quite a few performances art was very important and Filipinos have very very good voices. He's referring to S.V.19. Yeah, Heavenly Voice style. My father spoke often of his Filipino friends and recounted things that were these small moments but clearly moments that for him were all about friendship and happiness and something that was very lighthearted. As we were sleeping in the middle of the night the house was shaking as if there was an earthquake everybody woke up so we ran outside and stood in the street while the houses were shaking but there were these large booms booms booms turned out that we were being bombarded by the Japanese. We had daily aerates they were awful. They escaped one side of the war who just get thrown right into the middle of the other. Yeah, wow. That's crazy. I mean there was very little safe at place to go. No, maybe like the middle of the jungle in Africa or South America. Yeah, probably your best bet. It was groups of four, four and four which you could barely see exceedingly well trained and of course they bombed it random and there was a very frightening experience. I guess the US think a tactic of them fighting. Shortly thereafter all of our friends that were the American, Canadian, British, or French which were the allies enemies of the Japanese were rounded up by the Japanese and interred at Sanaita-Nos. The irony of this is that these refugee Jews from Germany and Austria who had passports identifying them as German Jews are not arrested by the Japanese. The Japanese don't care if they're Jewish. They have a German passport that means that they are an ally and they are not arrested and they are not interned or incarcerated. Wow, whoa. Interesting. I'm surprised that's how it went down. Yeah, I was curious what they were going to say about like the Japanese invasion because it's like oh well yeah they're German. It's so weird too that that's just how the world can work in war time. It's like what this paper booklet says you're from. That determines if you are sent away or if you get to just keep living your life. Geez. I wonder how that affected the relationships with the other people that were living there. Like they got all rounded up and had to go into the prisons or whatever and they were the being occupied but then these people were like oh yeah you guys can go do whatever you want. You're a friend. Yeah, yeah. I probably caused some resentment. Wow, that is interesting. That's really interesting. I probably was very rewarding for soldiers after they go through just held. Just a battle and it's just terrible the worst thing ever and you just get there and everybody is just like loving you and just so grateful. I'll be pretty crazy. I really did not want to leave. That was my home. That was all I that I knew. I was there from the time I was seven. I was there for almost nine years and that was my home. For me the Philippines may not be my motherland but my adopted motherland because if it had not been for it I would not be the person that I am now. Roosevelt and Churchill saved Western civilization but Kazon and so few people know that President Kazon of the Philippine saved 1200 Jewish souls as many as Shindler maybe even more and that is the epitome basically of Judaism. It says if you save one soul you save mankind. Wow, very interesting. Very touching story. Yeah, super interesting. I can't believe just how all of that played out. Obviously they get kicked out of their own home or they don't have they're not kicked out they were going to get murdered. Yeah, so they had to flee their own home because they were getting discriminated against and they find this place where they take them in and then another country takes over the country that they flee to but then their scene is allies and they're like wow that's crazy. Yeah, yeah because I mean if it would have been the Germans that took over then they would probably not been doing that because it labeled them as Jews on that their passport they said. Yeah, they would have just been back they would have been sent right back into the camp. Yeah, I was insane. Wow, wow, that is it's so crazy, crazy time period. To learn about some more stories about it is cool because it's good to learn about history, you know. Definitely. The reason about learning for history is I mean you can get some it's just knowledge but also so you don't repeat the mistakes. Yes, for about human connection and human love rescue and brotherhood like they said the Filipinos were kind of seen back then as like Americans didn't really like they're like oh Filipinos they're kind of discriminated against and the Jews were discriminated against and they came together and they helped the Filipinos like hey we'll help you we will help you. Yeah, it's really cool. All the words of the people in this video talking about how like warm the country was to them not just temperature wise but like loving and caring everyone was how happy they are. Even when their own conquerors America were not the most loving to them apparently. Yeah, wow. Yeah, wow. Really cool. Hopefully you enjoyed. If you did subscribe, like the video, check out the Travel Channel and we'll see you in the next one. Bye.