 Oh S There's тобой I found a coffee and then απο Did you get the spatial data? Tell everyone cheers Wow..? is there any ideas for that? NO, Why no? crest Welcome to<|bn|> my dad is happy about this window is always hot in Manila now we go down So are you happy the windows down? Yes Why? Why you are happy? Because they are coming to the Toyota The mirror is coming from the sky Polanagy, Polanatrican So, si puro didumi unangi It swims there and it's traffic How? The Irmanbar Bula-Loh, the Irmanbar Bula-Loh Yes Guys, Irmanbar The Irmanbar Starbabs Irmanbar The Irmanbar we went here before, yeah Nice to meet you Nice to meet you When they came back here in the past time, we went here So the life is like back here Tagaytai, there are a lot of people Mangatao How are you Mangatao? Good morning Mangatao I hope you all have a wonderful day and a wonderful time ahead of you and you are Suu Masaya Mangatao So welcome to Tagaytai City Mangatao We just arrived here now and we are going to eat something so so delicious Do you guys know what we are going to eat today? What? What is it called? Pula-Loh So, Baba knows Pula-Loh because you tried it last time right? Yes But we can tagaytai And you need Pula-Loh? Yes, and you need fish? I know Pula-Loh, yes? You like Pula-Loh? Yes, okay Before your father called it Pula-Loh Yes, okay So, are you guys excited to see Tagaytai City Mangatao? Yes, excited to see Tagaytai City After we eat Pula-Loh here, we will go to the coffee shop and what are we going to drink tomorrow? You don't know? Guess what? Coffee Cut Yes, I have You have four BFM cash How about you? What's your four BFM? It should be half an inch short Not short here Nothing? Nothing Nothing, scared you? Not short here How? How is that? You are not scared of anything? Only balloon scares you You are sad? Yes, sad It is what? It's a vlog Vlog? Yes Yes, a vlog A lake or sea? A lake? A lake? It's a lake? Yes Do you want to try a skydiving? No Why no? Maybe it's a blind Maybe it's a blind? We will allow Nikifee the fair Take it I will give you a five-star ticket You want to go? Yes, I want to go You are not stressed? No You see the butterfly here? Yes Butterfly Yes, it's beautiful here So nice Which one is better? Here or Manila? I don't know Volcano? Volcano, yes, volcano Mountain volcano? Mountain volcano Yes Hopefully we will not explode today So we can go back to Manila Yes? Yes I like the Korean style of Lila today We see Korean style They don't allow tourists in 2020 Are we proud? Yes I am hungry Yes Are you okay, Sangri? Yes, yes How about you? Let's go here Let's go So we just ordered our food motto This is our soy sauce in here Do you know what this is? Do you know what this is? This soy sauce, yeah I should see I should try this This one for you It's very big This one, calamansi, you know calamansi? It's like Filipino lemon I like lemon I like lemon Yellow lemon Yellow lemon I like lemon I forgot to chop this Nice What more? I don't know if it's a fish Let's eat I will get some soup first Let's get rice guys Let's get some rice This is also bulalo But different cookie They cook it on the fire This one, they cook it with the soup Yeah, boil it So this fish you just eat it Like that Try it, try it How is it? Good? Okay, finish it Which one is better? This or this? I touch this but not the fish Okay Literally this Do you like bulalo? It's good, it tastes good Limar Do you like it? Me, I love it How do I love it? Look Oh, what's that? So that's why I love it It's the same dinner Should we get it something? The man is like... We need to find each other Okay, okay, I see you Yes, five o'clock Okay, bye Hello, Sheree Hello, hello You're good Shereean Hello, Shereean Hello, Sheree Hello, how are you? How are you? How are you? You have signal? I want mom I want mom, mom You want mom? I want mom I want wife Wife, wife, okay, let's go Do you want tart? Yes Do you want tart? No What do you want? Gold Lila Me too cold Cold? Okay, too hot Let's go find a table Table, table Me, I got hot I got hot So everybody got hot drinks But the kids, they got cold drinks Do you want this table here? Near the view? It's very nice It's small, we can join the two Two tables It's better near the view, right? Or where you get your phone? You want to try outside? Let's try outside here Oh, but no, it's wet We cannot Just inside We go inside here No, don't Do you hear the click? What is that in Arabic? What do you call that in Arabic? Can I? Can I? What? In Arabic It's a bit weird It's a bit weird It's a bit weird? It's a bit weird? You forgot It's a bit weird? It's a bit weird? It's a bit weird? The garlic they call it ebis You're scared of cats? She too She's also scared? She's scared of the cats? She's scared of the cats? Do you know what is this, guys? Yes, sweet potato Sweet potato So this one is the potato And this one, the sweet Okay, now we have chocolate cake Sweet potato This is all the same, you know? That's all the same It's all the same My dad keeps killing mosquito It bites you already? So my dad killed two mosquitoes since we arrived here There is still remaining 98 pieces Is there a mosquito remodeling? No, they're not that So it bites you? This is Vietnamese latte From Vietnam I'm Vietnamese From Vietnam, okay? From Vietnam Oh, let's try the cake Some cake Okay, guys, let's cheers One, two, three, cheers Warm It's not that hot Okay It smells like hot water Why? Just me? I'm scared that it will reach me So I gave the pouce a here sweet potato, you see? You like walking in Zarin? Yes I love doing it Do you enjoy walking here at night? Yes Because it's cold, right? Yes And it's quiet, right? Yes And it's safe You can walk at night Yes, there is a lot of security And there is a lot of cockroaches And there is a lot of security And there is a lot of security And there is a lot of security And there is a lot of cockroaches here So it's safe Good, right? My dad looked at the light Blue light, yes, blue light It's so nice It's beautiful here Do you like it here, Baba? You like it here? Yes It's like Baguio Yes, Baguio Very beautiful? Very, very Very, very Very beautiful Very beautiful Are you very? What? Are you very? Are you very? Are you very? Are you very happy? Are you happy? Yes Are you happy? Yes Yes Let's go to the bus Laspinias, Laspinias, Laspinias Come guys, I'll give you a bus too Okay, come, come, the driver Welcome to our jibni motto It's a small bus It's a small bus But where is the chair? There's no chair Yeah, it's my door It might core now Maybe it will core It will core Oh, it's so foggy here It's not to me, it's fog Oh, I like it Very, very cold in here It's like we left the Philippines already We are in Australia Australia Guys, don't slide It's sliding So this is yet like another restaurant here Grab it guys, look at the ants Grab it, grab it, let's go Thank you, thank you You know the way there? The way to the car? It's here as if you know You sign on the way, you go straight and after this And then? It's a car with me on the right This is our finance, sir Now you buy me a I am a shy Okay, now you Now I choose something, you buy me Okay, guys, you can choose if you like something See if you like something I think they say it's cheap here, but I don't believe Let's see this one 20% off No price Where's the price? Do you remember? Your shoes, same Same design Maybe this is your shoes Ooh, look at this So nice, do you like this design? No No, I know I don't know how to translate that in English Yeah, 10,000 See, 10,900 plus Ooh, it looks nice, though, but I don't play basketball He said, thanks just to your baby Maybe after 10 years my baby got where it is This is nice Ooh, this is so nice It looks so cute You like it? This one? It's hard Oh yeah, this is cute Ooh It's so cute, yeah But it's so early for that Yeah, it's hard You want soft We just stop over in the gas station We're going to buy some milk and water And drink some milk And drink some milk And drink some milk And drink some milk And drink some milk And drink some milk We're back home now, now Bye, bye, bye Bye, bye Bye, bye