 Music Morning guys, welcome back to another video, we're standing breakfast. Morning Camp Latino is very classy here at the behind the hotel. The buffet breakfast is out of this world. It even has a donut wall, like a picture and donut. I've been for a flowing list for my first close. It's about three courses in breakfast here, it's a very greedy, but I'm very impressed with the coffee and the compagina and the chips. I'm going to enjoy that. Music Okay, it's open up again. It's not second course. There's always the way of combination with a little bit of everything. It's a little bit of pizza, a bit of French toast and garlic rice, has brown, it's a pumice and a bit of great to share. Music I prepare them for a third course, which is always my sweet course, one is on the second course, which is a bit nervous about the donut wall. We didn't see it yesterday, did we? No, they look so good, but they don't have to. It's about four and a half, it's 16. I hope we're not going to take all 16. Music So, the donuts were incredible. Right, I like shopping at a crispy cream standard, but we're now back in a grab. We are going to finish now and we were going to go and get the kind of fix, but the time is going to take, we're going to take up a whole day, we really had this thing we want to see. I think we're going to try and get it done at some point, but we're not sure when. And we're quite enjoying the task, it is a challenge to try and make a good vlog with an iPhone, and we can show you how we might even make a video of how you can vlog with an iPhone. Music So, we just arrived at the Venice Grand Mall. Oh my god, first impression. The architecture is insane, but you don't feel like you're in a minilag, because it's not like a typical normal building. It's beautiful, I'm so excited to go inside, but it just doesn't look like a mall, and it doesn't look like you're in the Philippines. Music We're in, we literally just got in on time, it opened at 11, so there's a little bit of a queue to get in. Look at this, how is this in the middle of a shopping mall? It's literally like a Venice canal, and the whole way through it is incredible. Music So walking round, it's not the biggest of malls in the world, so you know, it's renowned for few, few shopping malls. It's got more restaurants, but obviously the centrepiece is the canal and gets go. Yeah, it's got a little Paris and it's different. You could be in the European city, the architecture and that of it. Obviously the centrepiece is the canal in the Gondola ride, so we're going to try and find out how we can get the Gondola ride around the canal. Music The mall is crazy, they even have life-sized Barbie dolls that you can buy. They're waves and everything's coming out. Music So I've stopped off and got an iced coffee. I'm going to find somewhere in the sun, there it is, you can't see it. I'm going to try and find somewhere in the sun because you want to turn up. Right next to the canal, I think we're going to go on after it. It's 350 pesos each for 10 minutes. Yeah, and we're really excited to get on there. And then we're going to really excited to look around BGC. Music We've got our Gondola tickets, so it's 350 each and I believe that's for a 10 minute ride. You do have to share it with two other people if you're less than four. So it's a minimum of four, so we're going to have to share it with another two people. But that means we have to take our pictures. Music And we are off. We've been very lucky. It's just us two on this one because no one else can come. It's so nice to get these lights. It's awesome for a good time of the day. It is very, very good. Music Music I am my husband. My husband. Music Music Music I actually think we've got longer than 10 minutes. We've gone up and down by friends, but as some people only got to go up one end. But it's so nice of us saying that they put chemicals and throwing in the water to give it that high. Blue. Or finished and another any more does it? No, they probably do. Yeah, back in the day, but it's really, really nice. Music The second wrap of the day. We are going to the only Fisemura Wines. High Street. High Street. We know that the Venice Mall is sort of in the BGC, but the outskirts. So we're going to go into the main high street. And then just walk around from there to put some nice restaurants, bars, shops. Some nice street art and a few nice parks. So yeah, we're just going to check it all out. Music So I've been dropped off and been walking along on a Fascio High Street. So nice, isn't it? Yeah, it's actually good shops as well. There are actually shops that we would go in rather than going to the malls in there. The huge shops are the ones that we can't afford like each one at. These ones we can actually go in and have a look around which is nice. Yeah, it's really nice and it's all outside along here. And just looking around all the high-rise buildings and everything we've said. Yes, they're in Macatty, like this could be Dubai, Australia, anywhere in America. But this is even more so. You could live here quite easily. You just don't expect this until we're in Milan. Music You also can't go to BTC without appreciating the street art. Like this bit here is about the four seasons. And it's really impressive. There's so many scattered across the city. So just keep your eye out and find your favourite piece. So we've just stopped off at the village cabin. And we just have in a San Miguel light definitely needed in this weather. It is so hot, there's no breeze. I don't know if you can see but I'm absolutely dripping. But BTC is absolutely lovely. Just be able to see it outside. It's so peaceful. Surprisingly, because that's a big city, it's so peaceful. But don't just sit outside and a lovely bar. And just, it's just odd. Like you don't feel like you're in the morning at the sunshine in the Philippines. Because you're better than the Philippines, you're in a beach. This is nothing I would ever thought of, but I do really, really like it. So that's a bit later on now. We're back in the room. We literally just finished recording a food special. That you'll see in a few days or maybe a little bit longer. Depends on when we decide to post it. But we just wanted to talk a little bit about the BGC area. We were so, so impressed of it. We were already impressed with Makati. But BGC takes it to another level. It's the sort of place we said that you could live in, like you could happily get an apartment there. And it could be anywhere in the world. It was so modern. You had the greenery. You had the high-rise buildings, you had the bars. It had everything that you wanted. I think it's because we've done a lot of beaches. We've done a lot of islands. Come in here is not what you expect the Philippines to think. When you say you're going to the Philippines, people think you're going to like islands, white sand, like blue water. That is it. They don't think of the city. And we're really, really, really pleasantly surprised at the city. We love BGC. Yeah, it's completely different. Exactly. I think that if anyone needs one into going to Milan, you should go to the BGC and Makati. Just to see what it's all about. Definitely. 100%. But we're not going to bring the camera up tonight, guys. Because we're going to let our hair down a little bit. And I've already broken a camera. I don't know if I can't speak for them. But in these two places I felt so safe. As Torisha is going to want to go in the city. Exactly. I think that if anyone needs one into going to Milan, you should go to the BGC and Makati. I've already broken a camera. I don't want to break a phone. So if you're new to that channel, that channel, this channel, hit that subscribe button. Drop us a like. Thank you for doubling.