 Let's come back to my channel in this video guys. We're going to be reacting to the entire GIFs in a more 209. So let's give it for that guys I like to plug in my membership. If you guys want to check out my reaction to the next remaining episodes, final seven episodes of Inconteger right now. And I think by the time everybody with this video would be public, I would have probably started a new show with English subtitles, obviously. So that would also be available for the members. And yet to become a member of my guys in SimpliCone, I joined Beton all in in a description below and you guys will be able to access all of it. Right now I'm editing now then, do you guys, let's just get this reaction. Pirena, Pigele and Bongo are... Oh my god, I'm watching... I'm watching... I'm not watching the English subtitles episode if I'm watching something else. Where is the English... Yeah, it is here. Well Pirena is kind of... Pirena is the best. Yeah, yeah. Pirena. Pigele and Bongo are the best. Pirena is the best. Pirena is the best. Pirena is the best. I think she's gonna feel... because we see her kind of like a spine in the Hagoons camp. Okay, finally she got some senses in her head. Is she dead now she touched? Wow. I don't know. Yeah, yeah, he always has that privilege. And they're not reads Davis because of the light they would be in David. They should be in Davis already as said by the Halea, right? Is this the tree? I thought the light would take them to Davis already. He's not really that bad, is he? It's true. That's true. I don't know if it's the tree or the tree. I don't know if it's the tree or the tree. I don't know if it's the tree or the tree. It's not the tree. It's not the tree. We're not really talking about the dark and dark. Why is it so dark? Because I don't know if it's the tree or the tree or the tree. I don't even know if it's the tree. Because it's the tree. If it's the tree, it's the tree or the tree. It's the tree. If it's the tree, it's not the tree. I hope it's the tree. Drives Kanha businesses Yeah. The peanuts. Is this really being nice? How can they be sure? It's not like they have any option. What is that? Onion, apple. I'm going to buy some more. But... I don't know if you're going to buy it. I'm not going to buy it. I'm going to buy it. Well, this is an Evo shirt. I think it's a good idea to buy it. I'm really happy. I don't have any option. I don't have any option. I'm going to buy it. I'm going to buy the peanuts. So I can buy them. You want it? Should I share the peanuts with you? It was alright. is area Now, she could be. Just like scheduled. This is another attempt. Come on, he can feel it right if Piranite or Philippines are near him but please don't do that, it is very obvious Come on girl. You think she might be thinking that it's right but I think it's stupid. She's gonna give the gemstone though right because I see the gemstone of fire and his hands is an ex-appersion. Why it's not healed fully? Oh he's searching for his purpose. But a long time ago her brother Gin understood that she does it to her. Today I went to her room and he said I was gonna pin you off. On this Instagram goes another35 bucks. There were no bingap reminding her of they were going to buy me a herb for my lunch. But come on they said it and you believe dead, come on they have to be some sort of like, you know like proper foundation to that. but He needs to be ready. This restaurant is really tasty. Just for a second, how good is that for you! the others are nice too but how?! it can take medication are you filming me?! lol now it's a nice way Take him and just disappear. Don't waste your time in an emotional shift man. Come on She just have to touch him and go back to the radio right? It's that simple isn't it? Is it right? But she's gonna waste that two three seconds in Showing the emotions and all of that where the hogorn is gonna come and interrupt Oh Honey now you could have already gone to the radio by myself. Oh, oh, okay. I judge too fast. I judge too fast Oh It's not a hidden in my dick right there I She's gonna get a slap Honestly, I don't think it's that hard because they have three fucking gemstone and they can you know like Damage the barrier just like how they did with you know like before too easily and it doesn't seem like he has so much of You know like soldiers or something so it's not that difficult with proper strategy plan They can easily rescue them, but knowing fairies. I know they are a little slow in their head so Somehow the gemstone of fire is gonna end up with a hogorn What is she doing she's just be pure and I stop it Stop you look in stupid as of now, and it's not brave rates stupidity That's true You Kill him Ye AMY So, that's why they were not allowed to come. Who will come? The only way to get the money from the people is to be paid. Peter and I really want to cause trouble. What you should tell is as far as, sorry, Hagoorn killed Averya. Who will be out of this. One she knows about it. And probably Andora too, because they are more of Averya followers than Hagoorn. Right? But Hagoorn has lied to them. And she is a woman. And I don't want to be a woman. I want to be a woman who is very strong and strong. And I want to be a woman who is very strong and strong. I want to be a woman who is very strong and strong. Right? Oh, sweet, just disappear. Very disappear, disappear. Wow, they can. Somebody killed this man already. It's very that. I think Hagoorn has gone to the way or to take the test. Because I haven't seen him here. Just use your gemstone, don't waste your time. Focus on more important topic, shit man. That is your Mira and Lira. They've already been taken away. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The gemstones, obviously isn't that that fucking obvious. I think you could say something else. Already the strongest one here. No need to tell the truth, my world is crystal clear. You should know that a lot of fancies are lost. Your life means not, or yours. I've already helped you while waiting. for your environment to eat what you are trying to say to your loved one in your巴lemat okayங도 powerless Measure your trust, sir. 不用想要威脱,就行下. Don't catch a pair of his powers for and along with that they have the Haldias weapon too. Now don't fucking waste your time in the gossiping okay? Fucking attack! You really don't have much power except Haldias weapon. I can't cook enough for this Henry. I'm not afraid of the fire. I'm afraid of the fire. I'm the one who's going to die. I'm afraid of the fire. I got love. I'm afraid of the fire. I'm afraid of the fire. I'm afraid of the fire. Even though I'm not this patient for some reason of faults, and even if you steal her, it shouldn't happen. That's why a certain personannery is so lucky. I misunderstood that you all are out of prison. Yeah. 쾘 hide it from you where I am. If you wont take your prisoners live here, we can easily get where they're at right now. No less than take part in your death. fifth groan Except for her reaction to the dessert! Macht So benefitted from state-of- spite I climbed into the van to run into another electric truck noindeight色ало I'm disgusted, kids. Give me this wood. BeufJenna will be my wife Our room is dead. My daughter's dead. If she still has some money, Oh, sweetie, I don't think they trust you anymore. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you get anything from someone else that is absolutely count. I am not going to let you go. I will make sure that you don't know what the matter is. I will see that I will die without being ethnicity immaculate by God. We need strict make up how much you're damn cautious. one one you the the the Thank you. That's a nice quote. Exactly! They did a good deed and they decided to rescue the Mt. Srio. They wouldn't let the parts cause an empty devrait. Last year Lots of people driver the mighty Srio and told him I kill him. I will go now. My ancestors are cubed. You aud disfrute I did. I got supportive so amazing this friendship... Use your shield. You'll regret not loving Abd handgang? You've a lot of money. relationship could be related a lot of things will control it Tell me You want me to reach out to your family now you are going to pay him匾 please help Abhil as long as you want with respect your client Where's your home with his money? I can't find anything I'm not subscribing, I'm also doing wrong to you. You too. She do not look down hard like that anymore. Then it's getting to the beach. I don't know. I'm a machiner. You know what? You're a real man. What's the difference? You're a real man. In the past, you were a new person. I didn't want to be a man who was so cruel to you. I wanted to be a man. You're already getting far away. Just an easy bite. You're so cruel. If you go onショchn Echo ... ...око won't be hit again! There are no truths either. It is expected that this plan will be eventually released to five stars. This is what we shared once again. It's never done in the past. Oh, no, ring me. I'll see you later. I'll see you later when I get to the hospital. I'll see you later when I get to the hospital. something I don't have money. Or I'll just get one. I'll get one. I'll get one. What's the price? I'll get one of my own money. I'll get one. And you won't get another one. You'll get one of my own money. And you'll get one of my own money. I'll get one. I'll get one. I'll get one. I'll get one. I'll get one. We? I'll get one. Damn, their love-hate relationship was cute. Oh my god, Fiona. I'm not going to buy one. No. I don't know. I like it better when she calls him Azulan. Instead of Punjab way. Come with me. They tore it up. In the money-hate relationship he's you, You see this isn't you. I died because of it. I'm not going to be able to do this I'm not going to be able to do this I'm going to be able to do this Alright guys, that was it for this video The reaction and guitar tips in my 209 I hope you did this reaction guys If you did, leave a like, leave a comment, subscribe and share And that's it for the next reaction video