 Hi everyone welcome to our channel. Another new video on the house built. At least I got some workers coming and I'm going to prepare the timber for the thickness planner. We try to finish the deck on the other four chantrons. And let's go to the material to do the walls. So things are progressing. Let's go and have a look. Don't go away. I'm going to organize this area under the house. The machine will be probably somewhere there in the middle of those large. I'm going to put all my timber ready to be treated. I'm going to be processed. Let's do that. I'm getting all my timber ready for the thickness planner. I found a few timber I'm not happy with. Probably too thin. I had to cut more of those. I've got a few here and a few more on top here which I have to cut to length. So I'm pretty happy. So I should be ready by the end of the day. I've got a lot of timber ready to be processed by the thickness planner. I need to go home. I've got some urgent matter to attend. Nothing bad but I need to go. So I will see you tomorrow. Another day. Getting some some birthmallow. I'm kidding. It's been raining yesterday afternoon and a part of the night. It's good to see those things for a water. I'm going to go to the morning. I'm going to put some blue sky. I'm just cleaning the dirt away from the timber. I'm done. I still have to do all those. I wish me good luck. My man brought me a worker. It's about 6 foot high. It should be a rugby league in the Philippines. He's going to come and help me with the floor. These people are supposed to come. I told you about the carpenter going on the guy. They come at me because they need to go and fix the anti house. You always priority number 5. I'm going to get this guy from tomorrow. I'm going to bring the machine here. Hopefully I will have all the timber ready. That's what's going to happen. We're going to get all those timber processed. With him we're going to do the floor. It's going to be much quicker obviously. We're taking it from there. You can see I've been cutting those big lines. What I'm going to do is I'm going to use them for a gate for now. I'm going to put a gate in there. Somebody came and had a shit in my shed. I don't want people to walk in here. I go to Bobwater everywhere. If they want to come in there, they will. But for a shit. I don't think they will bother to go through the Bobwater and get stuck. I'm going to put a gate in there. I'm going to use the timber. Horizontal. Horizontally. Now I'm cutting some lines to put across. That's the next step. I didn't realize that. I mean I should have done it a long time ago. I'm going to leave all this timber to be cleaned by the man tomorrow. He's strong. This is hard work. I'm going to start making that gate. I can't allow the day to build. Today I'm supposed to have a worker. He hasn't shown up yet. I think it's funny. Anyway, that's the way it is. It will be finished. Maybe it will come a little bit later. I don't know. But it's supposed to be here already. As for some concern, I'm not going to stop anything. I'll continue preparing all my timber for the floor. Tomorrow I will bring the thickness planner. I'll bring the wife and the baby here. Just to do that. The plan is very heavy. See how we go. Enjoy. I'm having a little rest. You're at the garden shop. Even I increased the salary. I put a nice right. And they still don't show up. So what are you going to do? I don't remember one view. It's actually you have to pay them. I knew that's not even the way to fix it. They don't want to work. They want to do whatever they want. I haven't been back to them. I don't know the right thing. I've been looking after them. I always have a special gift at the end of the week. I always treat them well. They're the ones who probably didn't do the right thing. Like... Lacing around. Behind my back. Other than that. I wouldn't say anything to them. The guy was always looking at me. When I don't look at him, he just stopped working. I mean, what else do they do that for? Of course, I'll have a little bit of a goal. I tell him, you look at me. You should concentrate on your job. That's normal to sell that. If they get upset because that, I don't want them. But... I don't think I had any problem with the workers. He can't wait to get back, my man. But he can't. He's frustrated. He wants to work as a supervisor for half the money. But it's not going to be any good for me. Maybe if he brings some people... If I got two or three people here, maybe I will do that. And give him something to help him financially. But he's got a family member helping him. Now it's at work. So nobody show up. It doesn't stop me. I keep going. The man's thing this morning is taking all the dirt out of the timber. As I said, I will send me a lot of blades. So I'm six to go. It's good. After that, I will... So look at all those big pieces up there. And I brought some here already, start last night. And put them away. They will be useful. I want to make a... also a gate. I want to make a gate. Even maybe before I process the timber, I like to make a gate and close this. Because I know people can't walk in here any time they want. But there's nothing to take. There's nothing of value. I got a cup of chairs up there or something. But I don't let. Nothing to take really. But still... Yeah, I have to make a gate definitely. Doesn't matter. Just a provisional one. Nothing fancy. What a view! Oh, by the way, guys. There's two houses supposed to be built there. But anyway, for the last two weeks, I haven't seen anybody. No workers, nobody do anything. So maybe just the... The time of the moment that... I don't know what's happening. So anyway. But at least I'm here doing things. And I don't care. Okay, that's it. I got all my timber nice and clean ready to be... to go through the thickness planner. But I got nobody to help. So even in time, I will do all the job. I want to fix this. I don't want... I can't afford to have any... you knelt here. I need to put them in the lowest side here. Because this is going to be... a parent. It's going to be visible inside the house. I don't want to make walls this thick. It's ridiculous. I'm not going to do that. So... I will have to do that anyway. Before I put the floor in. I need to fix that. This... this thing. It's unbelievable. It's like concrete. It's so hard. So it's going to be hard to come off. I'm going to have to carry with a... with a grinder maybe. Probably. Yeah. Anyway. Another thing I could do is finish in the... the baking here. That's... that was quite easy to do. So I don't mind doing this. Okay guy. Well, I was working very hard. Somebody came up. That's a nice surprise. My friend my check. But... he brought some milk. So... I don't know if there's a good idea to drink while we're working. I'm not going to get drunk. I can handle easily. But anyway, choose my friend. Thanks for that. There was no of you. At least somebody show up. Yeah? Oh, the workers don't want to show up. Ha ha ha. Ah, perfect. Hello guys. Thank you for visiting me. Okay, I just did a bit more daykey today before going home. So that's it for today. It's getting very, very hot. And the rain coming up. I don't like the rain when I'm riding. But let's go home. Tomorrow hopefully. Thickness planner. Okay, let's go to the land now. I got my friend here. My check to help me. Nice man. Let's go. There. This is what's going on. Okay. Something's locking. It's going to be good. First page. Yeah, it's okay. That's tight. Stop back here. But how you set up. It's here. Lower the man from by turning the crank and the counterclockwise. With indicator plate trying to scale graduation. Indicator design finished. So this is down. Oh yeah, it's going down. It's a miracle. Oh, oh, oh. Huh? It's amazing, isn't it? Okay, that's a really warm. Maybe you can try. Try one, huh? Just try this one. I'll need to plug it. Let's plug it. That's what I mean to you. Maybe we're going to do all this thing here. Because all you have to do is just hold it like this. Don't you go that way. So this cable. We're going to try to put it around here so it doesn't mix with the timber. What do you think? Yeah. Yeah, it's looking good. Come on. You're going to do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's not bread. That's not bread. No bread. I don't know. Okay, the baby is on position. Where is that? Is not easy. easy it takes a while, it's time consuming because sometimes the cut is big and the cut assumes to struggle it says no more than 3 mil but I think 1 mil at a time is probably the best so we've done one good trip here but now I have to go the other side another cut down so I have to do the maybe 3 4 step maybe more so let's do it rough finish it's very you stand here you lift up on top here's too close for you it's no point you stand here okay ready now let's do only a quarter because this is the baby's on position where they start it's not easy it takes a while it's time consuming because sometimes the cut is big and the cut assumes to struggle it says no more than 3 mil but I think 1 mil at a time is probably the best so we've done one good trip here but now I have to go the other side another cut down so I have to do the maybe 3 4 step maybe more so let's do it okay first go we have with this machine it's going to be a slow process it can cut very deep at all you have to push it and you have to help a bit and forgot to bring some clamps to clamp the machine on position I mean we could put some nail there but why not maybe we do that after we finish our rest just have a drink now water yeah only water no mil mil later oh there's a cooler there we can keep the drinker than the cooler haha it's gonna be warm sorry wait wait alright just took the cover out to check the blade it's still very very sharp what have you done so far no much really a lot of soft but nothing else see because we're going see this one is thicker than this one so that's how we went so far yeah we left in the car so we got two of those one each so we rather drink it now it's hurting the morning but still it's gonna be hot after snow good just hang it there yeah yes camera is dirty I can't clean it how you there okay chase yeah we striped problem simple doesn't fit not sure what happened nothing goes well what do you want to start it's a good one but it's a good one for two seconds just a two second for set two seconds ready yeah guys that's it for today it's very very time consuming it's very hard job if it wasn't for my friend it's really done so well thank you so much my check you'll be wonderful I see if I can find some people now and again this done I say we got you home so thank you for watching this video until the next video take care God bless bye bye