 How do you keep a life balance? I like to do some naked water sports at night. And I just really kind of balance. Do you have the video set? Oh my god, it's me Dr. God. Bye! And on the day, another reaction video. What's up, Philippines? Welcome back to another reaction video with the host Lely. I am so happy to see you again, as always. You guys know I've been living in the Philippines for four years. I love killing, moo, and learning more about the Filipino culture. And today I am talking about the Filipino jeans. And they can English us any cold shirts. In case you didn't know, those two have Filipino blood. And they're quite good. Famous, I would say. I'm very curious to see what this video is about. So I would say let's just jump right into it. First two, the sexiest pop-eye comes in the business. Woo! I'm going to show you something for everyone. And they're about to release their new single Heartbeat. Will you please welcome the cold shirt singer and Enrique. Thank you. Oh, thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. Papa, baby. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Enrique. Come on. Thank you. Nicole, welcome, Enrique, welcome. Thank you. Thank you. It's nice to meet you. No, it's a good time. It's a good looking on me. Now, is this the first time you two have worked together? Yeah, but we know each other for about 25 years. Really? Not actually no 10 years. Well, we've known each other for a while. We know each other since we were one. Now, this new single, right? This is our first time to count off them. This new set, is it showing you a rose when you were drunk? No, who said that? That's all over the page. I don't even drink. I don't. Hey, okay, don't get the cat. I don't. I don't call you. I've known you already for how many years already? Yes. 25. I'm here to welcome you. That's what you call? I heard your temple was vodka. Okay, you got me. You got me. I do drink a little bit of vodka. Hey, you're a temple. A temple. A neep on what? Not a neep on what? Not a neep on what? Not a neep on what? Not a neep on what? Not a neep on what? Not a neep on what? Not a neep on what? Neep on what? I don't even get mine out because it's inverses. Seriously. In retail, it's like a little sea and anime. Honestly, I have to coat it up with a bit of corn beef. I have to coat it up with an accident with a deck chair. Okay, by the way, in case you didn't know, Nicole Scherzinger was part of a go-group that was just all-o-glow, but just like so, so hot and it's the ****t old. I think we have to bleep that out because it will be demonetized. But yeah, very famous man. I don't know what she's doing now. We need a mask. I have an accident with a deck chair that you've brightened the ears of a bag. You know what impressed me? This is for all you lovely teenagers. Sassup says in your bedroom, Blah. Sam, because the last time you hear you talking about Lionel Richie and the fact that he was involved, so how did you get involved? All right, I asked Nicole. I was a reliable man. Very, yeah. I was a coach. Different. I had to convince him that. Well, like Eric said, we're a label-mates, so we always said we wanted to do a song together. So he actually sent me the song. I was like, I have no other song. I have no other song. I love with it. I called you right when I heard it. I was like, are you getting away? This is awesome. Let's do it. I mean, we wrote the song with McCorn Mime, so it was cool. It's good. Okay. And what about with the video and things? Did you have into that? Or was this all of your creation? It was a direct interaction. I had to have a lot of projections in the body. And it was a trooper. Nicole, you have been here there and everywhere, just so incredibly busy. I mean, often when you're dancing with the stars in the US, and you've been over here doing our expact there and finding time to do this, how do you keep a life balance? I like to do some naked water sports at night. And I just like coming back. Do you have the video set? Oh my god. It's he drag on. Bye. No, I'm having so much fun with everything now. I fell in love with the song, so I was so excited to be on the song with the Reeky and we did the video. It's an expact, it was a lot of fun, and I actually have an album coming out soon. And is it? Because the... Did I actually have life partners? I mean, they would really make a great couple. In my opinion, just me. Rumors that you were going to get involved in the American version of the expact? Is that... Two early days? Do you know anything about that? I think it's too early. I mean, I'm probably just gossip now, but I wouldn't rule it out because I had so much fun doing the UK expactor. But right now, the music is my main priority and focus. And also, it's got to be tough to see Lewis as well. I mean, he's doing so well in the championship. Oh yeah, she is. I'm not going to say that we've recorded this in the video. We're going to have to say that we're going to speak in a second. And tough for you to get to the races I would have thought this year. It's really hard, but I'm always there in spirit and I'm always praying for them. And I hope to get to another race soon. But I was excited because after dancing with the stars, and I started to come to the races after that, it was like... I felt like hopefully it was a positive thing. And no hope of being able to teach Enrique how to dance. He's actually the one who choreographed my moves in the video. Oh! He's like, I need you to do a little bit more of this. I was like, okay. I need you to try. Guys, thank you very much, Enrique. Enrique, welcome back. Let me see you, Enrique. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, that was just a short outtake of two talk shows. I wish they would go more to detail about the heritage of the culture where they're from, why they are so talented. As you guys know, I've done a lot of lecture videos about Filipino talent, right? So they are great, great singers. If you go to any party in the Philippines or with Filipinos all over the world, and you do karaoke, you can bet that they can sing like Mariah Carey. I mean, maybe not like Mariah Carey, but really, really good. So, you know, it's a shame that I cannot keep up, but that is one of the many, many talents that Filipinos have. They can dance. I saw so many people in the parks in Manila, all over the Philippines, even on islands. I went island hopping and saw, I think, SV19 doing a choreography, doing island hopping. It's just crazy, incredibly talented. When it comes to the entertainment industry, in so many ways. And as we found out in the recent videos, there are so many Filipino talents out in Hollywood, singers, and all over the world. Like inventing things and just doing great, great things overall. So, yeah, you have any suggestions for other reaction videos? Something that I should direct to please, comment down below. And if you enjoyed the content, give it a thumbs up, subscribe, hit the notification bell. And also, don't forget to check out my travel channel, Nelly's Life. We are also sharing a few travels of mine. And my life in the Philippines, it's linked down below, as always, or it will pop up right after this video. So, close the video. So, close the video. What's up, Philippines? Bye-bye.