 morning guys from Manila Philippines. That sounds so good. It feels so good to be back in one of the most densely populated cities in the world. Over 14 million people, I'm so excited to explore again. It has been over two years since the lockdown and I want to see how this city, how this country has changed. So we're going to go and see a lot of things in the next couple of days that we've seen before and hopefully some new places. First we're going to have breakfast here at Unwined Hostel. How good does that hot tub look? By the way, we're definitely jumping in that. Tomorrow but the sunny shining, the food is cooking. We're back in the Philippines. Good morning. Good morning. Cheers. How good does this look? On a real workplace to have the breakfast on the rooftop. I have something not very traditional. Don't judge but I hope so. I feel like we should focus on mine. I have English muffins and eggs and Matt actually has chicken, adobo, flakes, with siloks. The look is just rice and egg I believe. Oh my god, I'm just literally going to just dip my muffin in with the egg for that. I appreciate the view. Good egg, good muffin. Great for you. This looks really good. They're basically like deep fried chicken flakes. A little bit of rice, a little bit of egg in the sauce which is done on the sauces. Do I have a little salad rice? Oh yeah, a little bit of rice. If you come to Philippines first morning you've got to go for it. You know you're back in the Philippines when you're having rice, eggs, chicken, for breakfast. What a lovely place we're staying in the publisher on area of Makati which is sort of like the old Makati. It has nightlife district. It is the hip area which is definitely going to be fun to see. I feel like the best way to gauge minute life whenever we come back is a walk down Makati Avenue. The heart of the CBD here. Just see what's going on. See what's open, see what's close, see what's changed after enduring the pandemic. I have forgotten how much of a sensory overload Makati Avenue is. It is just crazy. Not as many people as we're used to. The street seems quiet. The street seems quiet. The traffic will never be quiet in Minola but there is obviously all the food buildings, the sky is open. We're just coming up to all the fast food places but yeah it feels so strange to be back. I'm sure it has got hotter in the Philippines. Every bit of shade. It is like a relief, it's like a haven. But a lot seems to have changed along Makati Avenue. There's always a lot of work going on. Buildings, skyscrapers flying up. It seems like a lot of them have been finished during the lockdown. There are so many new ones that we're spotting and it's definitely quieter. There's even less cars on the road. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Cheers. Cheers. I feel like we're going to keep stopping in the sun. We definitely are. We need some shade and we need a cold drink. We've come into Blackbird at the Milson Tower. It's actually the old Minila Airport which is so so unique. This is actually the tarmac runway. Back in World War II it was used as the US Air Force base. I think this base has so much history. It's really unique and I've got an iced tea. And a mango shake. That was really unique to be sat there having a drink on the old Minila Airport. Runway was definitely a little bit higher end, a little bit more expensive than you'd typically spend in Minila but we like to actually hide in from the sun again. Jeez, underpassages. I've never seen ones. Look at this. It's so colourful. I'm not sure it used to be like this. One thing the Philippines does very well is a shop in Mule. This is one of our favourites. This is Greenbelt. I think I'm at Greenbelt number three. We're just walking through here because we are about to get a taxi to the area of BGC. Thank you. Literally 10 minutes to get from Makati to BGC in a taxi. That's good timing for us Saturday. Normally, Sundays in the Philippines. I like the day that you find no traffic. Every other day the traffic is crazy but like I said it seems a lot quieter on the roads. BGC though seems a lot busier. It feels like everyone's here for the weekend. BGC is basically a Bonifacio Global City. It's like its own city in Metro Minila. It started being built in 1995 and it's a huge business district with high end malls, high end restaurants. Pretty much high end everything. It's very sleek. It's very nice. Reminds me a lot of New York City. We were slightly worried about coming to BGC because we were thinking with all the businesses and all the smaller shops we thought that maybe they would close down because of the lockdown bar. It's alive. It's busier than ever. We're currently on BGC High Street which basically has everything you can ever wish for. It's even as a market that we haven't seen before and even a plant market. How cool is that? Never thought I'd find myself in a flower market in BGC. Just interrupting today's video because we have teamed up with SkyeSkynet to help show you how to book a last minute trip. We know that everybody is eager to get out and about so we're going to show you in just 30 seconds how to book a last minute trip. We use SkyeSkynet all the time and if you have a specific budget in mind you can use the traffic light system which will show you like the cheapest month and the cheapest days. You can also go a little bit further and explore everywhere. If you don't have a specific destination you can explore everywhere and it will show you the cheapest destinations to travel to. You can use all of these tools sat in bed relaxing and finding the best deals for your revenge trip. We'd highly recommend using SkyeSkynet as it is the most effective way to find the best flights and best deals. Thank you so much to SkyeSkynet and let's get back to the video. Time for some traditional Filipino food. Cheers. It didn't take long for the salmon to light. The old favourite to come back out you basically need a drink. I'll say every 10 minutes in this heat not always beer is definitely not good. I think it's like 34 degrees so you might be sure. It's stuck to me the lady when we come into this restaurant. Manam is a traditional Filipino restaurant. Apparently the best in BGC she said that you sure you want to sit outside. Yeah I totally want to take that. It's absolutely packed inside and outside there is no one so we've got the whole outside to ourselves. It's really nice as well when you walk around BGC look up the street eye. It has some of the best street art. We're going to find in all of the Philippines. It looks amazing we've got a few dishes on the way. What is the cheapest of the Filipino people? We need to learn it. Thank you. Thank you very much. Lovely. Thank you. Thank you. This looks very very good. So obviously you can't come to the Philippines and not eat rice and they do rice really well. So we've got white rice and then I went for a tofu succinct because this is one of the national dishes which is actually normally made from a pork face, belly and chicken liver. I went for tofu because for some reason the tofu out here is also so so good. So it's full of chilies as well. It's probably going to burn my mouth and it sizzles. Yeah. Yeah, chilies hot. The that's the secret of the tofu is so so good. This is how you do it in the province. I have the proper sissy which actually originated in Pam Hangar which is like an hour north of here. I've tried it there before. It's basically all things pork, pork brain, pork knuckle. No pork face. Pork face, pork brain. Belly. I think it depends where you go. It depends where you go. It smells really good. And they always come on these like boiling pork legs. No, it doesn't. This is actually this plate is very good. So good, it's so crunchy. Sissy was very good and we had to go for a hello hello specifically. This is called a nam nam hello hello. And apparently nam nam means delicious in English. Hello hello is basically translated to mix mix which is like a mixed dessert. It's like ice cream, candy things, coke up milk, evaporate milk. Yeah but this is like a whole load of it. Very pretty. Perfect for the hot weather. You've got like these little cute little sweet things in the bottom here. Very good. Just in time for sunset. That was close. We literally finished our food. Try to get a grab. Couldn't get a grab taxi. Got in a local taxi. Just made it to behind them all the vegans. This is sort of like vanilla bay for look at that sunset. It's so busy by the way. I've never seen the bay. So hurry, never seen the bay. This busy but would be told that it's actually a bar here in the Conrad Hotel which has the best supposedly the best for sunset. This is something. This is something. To the third floor we have. Wow. Check this out. So this is the sea lounge on top of the Conrad Hotel and it is a direct view. So we will literally down there where all those people are and then we're up there. Wow. It is amazing. We can't have a drink out here though. Yeah it's fully booked. Of course it is. It's fully booked. But that is unreal. This is definitely the best spot in vanilla for sunset. I feel like you need to come and book in advance though because out here there's only like three tables so we're going to have to go in. Is this sea sunset? Yeah. I'm praying there's sea sunset because it's still setting it looks amazing. I mean this is too good. It's unreal. I don't know what else to say. I think sunset in Asia are always the best but especially when you're looking at it like that. I mean it doesn't get much better than that. Sunset of Minila Bay and ice cold, Sammy Glyde. Perfect way. Perfect way to start the month back in the Philippines. Cheers. Cheers. Good morning guys from Minila Philippines. How good was that sunset last night? So good. We do just have to say that the conrad is very expensive for Minila. We get a cheap drink. The cheapest drink I've ever met. I appreciate the sunset. That is definitely the trick. We then ended up in a publisher for the first time ever. First time ever. Yeah I can't believe that. We ended up in the social I think it is. It's like a small little rooftop place. I've loads of little drinking food places. It was nice. It's called this hip. It's changing. Publishing is definitely changing. It's definitely becoming a hip area of the place to go around Makati. I would say definitely 100% for nightlife but look at this. We are up on our hostel here at Unwines in the hot tub with six degrees. Which is cool which is nice and I think it is hot. It would be any good. We've got our morning coffee and we are ready to explore Minila for the second day. If I could start every day on a rooftop in Minila I definitely definitely would. That would be unreal but we have to get breakfast because apparently we are heading to the best place for brunch breakfast. Breakfast brunch in Minila. We are heading to Wildflower. I think there are a few of them. There are a few of them around Metro Minila but we are heading to the one which one we are heading to. This one is in Rockwell. It's only like a five minute walk from the hotel. I think it is and I am loving these local streets. I really like the little street. Publishing is full of tiny streets away from the skyscrapers. It's a real contrast. The best thing about Minila on a Sunday. There is nobody around. Thank you so much. That was crazy. We are going to sit outside but the winds that just came in out of nowhere were ridiculous. That's so quick. We are trying to sit down. The menu was flying about. The model was flying about. It was no good for anyone but we made it to Wildflower. The place looks really nice. It is just the main breakfast. It shows how many we have got out today and we have started with a watermelon iced tea. I think and then to start with we are trying to have to try the Wildflower. The get with one of their unique butters. I am getting a mushroom rice and I am getting a trachou. It is very nice. I don't know what the word is. It is very hip. Hip hip. Hip hip. Hip hip. Hip hip. The amazing thing is this is the famous forget. The artisinal is so good. It is so garlicky, herbie and special. The bread is warm. Oh my god. I know you can get as much bread as you want. Yeah I know. How much is that? We can serve it with all of one of them and fill up with bread. So don't eat with the garlic puffs. Are you ready? It looks so basic. It smells so good. It is the one I am now. That. It is so good. It is only bread and butter but it is so so fresh and the butter is so nice. Thank you so much. Wow. Thank you. This looks so good. I have never had a mushroom bowl before. It is basically mushrooms, grains, rice, black eggs and black rice. Black rice, yeah. All sorts of grains and huge like wild mushrooms that are full in everywhere. Oh, a mushroom. A mushroom, a scooter like this. You are really healthy today. Two healthy, right? The mushrooms are like really sweet and it is good. I am kind of jealous of your strategy for the rest of the day. It looks unreal doesn't it? Oh my god it is like really really hot though. I am just getting a burn on my mouth. I am going to go wrong with the strategy for the rest of the day. No you can't. You can have this side. Thanks for your good. It is just very bad. That was very, very good. Food was lovely. I am stuffed and it is actually in such nice areas. In Rockwell we have not actually been here before. It feels like it is own area of Manila, of Mkati. So yeah this is really really nice. It is just unbelievably hot today. So so humid. To intramurus. Intramurus. Oh perfect. Thank you. We got a quick taxi and we have made it to intramurus which means the world city. It is actually the oldest district here in the Philippines and it is where the Spanish colonized the country. I am currently standing on one of the walls. I am not sure we are meant to be up here. No I do not think we are meant to be. It is like one of the walls. It is like by the golf park. Yeah that is what you call it. It is a golf park. It is a golf course. Golf course that is it. I have never heard of a golf park. Basically there is signs saying dark because the golf walls might hit me in the head. I think we are actually allowed up here. There are a few more people joining us on the walls for photos. The actual intramurus means within walls and you can definitely see that. I think it is a few kilometres. I think it is like four and a half kilometres of walls all the way around. We actually came here a few years ago and done a band bike experience. I probably recommend that. If you came here for the whole day and you want to see all the sites because walking around in the heat, it does take a long, long time. But you can really see the contrast from the old city behind me, golf course and all the sky rises of Makati and BGC in the distance. I think it is a few hours to explore all of intramurus and preferably on the band bikes that we did. Before we did actually come here to explore the whole of intramurus again as we have done before. We are literally right next to Mililica Theodril which is the first. I think Old Isca Theodril in all of the Philippines. We actually came here because we found a really cool restaurant. That overlooks the cathedral where you can have drinks, some food and everything else. Obviously if you haven't been here before, do it for a tour. But if you have, like we have, hopefully this restaurant is a little icing on the cake. It must be good. It is like 20 people in the queue in front of us. Thank you. Thank you. It must be good. It is like 20 people in the queue in front of us. Thank you. Time to go. Here we are all. There is another queue. A queue off to the first queue. Finally we have got in and look at this. Oh my god, it is seamless. Hi. Thank you. Look at the cathedral. This is so cool. It is so beautiful. We have got here at the perfect time as well. We have waited an hour. But the sun has set. The lights have turned on and they said apparently it is the most beautiful when you come in the lights are on. And that is pretty spectacular. I think this is the best way to see the cathedral. Just standing right here. I don't even have any words for it. It is such a good cafe. Apparently they had to add more tables because it got so busy. You can hear the loud wedding across the roof top as well. But it is so pretty. I am not a big fan of going to see cathedrals and churches. But when you are on a roof top like this, it is the best way to do it. Cheers to a 1 hour wait. And finding out they run out of alcohol. Yeah, for some reason they have an absolutely zero stock. Beer, wine, liquor, and anything else. It is hard. Have you liked beer? Absolutely. You need a beer. Yeah, but we got this one right. Good morning guys. Again from Nenila. Philippine is that was our first 48 hours back in this beautiful country. Back in this city, a city that you definitely shouldn't overlook if you are travelling to the Philippines. It has changed in some ways, but in some ways, really positive ways. There are so many start ups which is great to see coming out of the pandemic. And the people again are just the best. We have seen some places that we have seen before. Some of the touristy sites are so many things to see. But some new things. Like I loved the cathedral cafe in Intramuros. And then last night we actually met Nelly from making it happen. And she took us to the best Japanese food court. Highly, highly recommend it. If you are not following, making it happen more linked in below. Basically they are all things Philippines, all things Mila. They are the experts. They are the people to go to. So go and check out their channel below. But what a great first 48 hours. So much more. Let's come with actually checked into the sister property of on wine. So we will show you that in the next video. Hello! See? Have fun waving. The nicest people in the world so much more to see. So much more to do even in Mila. And the rest of the islands of this beautiful country. See you in the next one. Hello!