 Most of the time we like to go out and have a breakfast by the beach. Imagine a life where you wake up and you're just like, this is how I start my day. We have healthy breakfast, then we go down to the beach, maybe we surf, maybe we do some adventures. That is the dream. People. What's up Philippines? Welcome back to another video with your host Nelly. I am so happy to see your smiley faces today again. And I have to be honest, I miss. I'm in life a little bit in Shagawa. You know, I've been traveling to Shagawa several times. I lived in Shagawa for a few months during the pandemic. Maybe you remember? But yeah, I miss my friends from there as well. So today I decided to react to a video from somebody who actually lives there. And today I'm reacting to Andy Aigman's typical day in Shagawa by Megan Magazine. So she was on the mega cover. I really like her. She's one of the most down-to-earth celebrities in the Philippines. Super approachable, very friendly, and always happy to connect with her on Instagram. Hopefully see her someday soon in Shagawa. But yeah, I'm really curious to see what she's up to on her daily life to life. And I would say let's just jump straight into it. Here we go. It... That's my sign. So I just kept coming here to visit with my best friends. She's over there. One of them is here visiting as well. We just love the whole lifestyle of being by the beach and surfing. Yeah. And you know, just like the sloping lifestyle. I can relate. But of course it was when I met my husband that it became more realistic to me. I thought that this was the time of dream that we don't really need to achieve. I have accepted that I'll be fine without achieving that goal. It looked far-fetched, but meeting film are in realizing that I don't really need much to really feel like I have everything to feel content and happy with my life. Yeah. That made me realize that, hey, you know what? I love your mindset. I love the way you live. I can live that way too. And I really love that because once you realize that you are grateful for what you have and you don't need all of the success in the world, all the money in the world, you don't have to be that big, big success person and just, you know, take a step back and just figure out what does make you happy. What is a healthy balance? And that's why I really love what she's doing and I'm a huge fan. Oops. Okay, continue. Hi, mega. This is Andy Aegeanman and I'm going to throw you around my house here in Shagawa. Come in! For the low house to us, by the way. Our house has been looking like it's not done. Like it's under construction because we had different plans for it, like to run a business. But since our family has been growing and we've been busy with other things, we changed our plans. And now it's more like we are trying to make our house look and feel more like a home as it is. Like to just stop the construction and make it more kid-friendly since things have changed and our life went a little bit faster than me and my husband. We have a lot of kids though. We wanted to make it more like a home for our kids since they are our priority. This is one of my kids. She's, hey! Okay. So I get up with all my children. We are all mourning people so we like to have a good healthy breakfast. Most of the time we like to go out and have our breakfast by the beach. Like in Shaka where they serve healthy smoothie bowls. Or we also like to go to our stack bar just down the road where we have really good coffee and some panini and slushies also. Our mourning stand to get full with activities in the beach or sometimes we get in a little homeschooling with me and Elia or of course go out first or whether by myself or with me. Imagine a life where you wake up and you're just like, this is how I start my day. We have healthy breakfast then we go down to the beach. Maybe we serve, maybe we do some adventures. That is the dream people. That is the dream. Not waking up heading to the office. I mean nothing against that but wow this is like amazing. Yes I was so happy to get an outdoor kitchen but to be realistic it's not all great because having an outdoor kitchen has its downfalls as well. Which is why we had this big bow curtain put up to help us a bit with all the dust and the rain. It's really significant because we also like to invite our friends or family or film arts happy islanders serving club. Our riders we like to have them over. We do grill, barbecue, kini-lao. That sounds lovely by the way. Always all the way to the market. We like to go for what's there, what's fresh, what's available, what's locally sourced. I rarely purchase things at the grocery because that's one of the things that make healthy living easy. Yeah. You only choose from what's available. And saying healthy I mean she has gone through a whole body transformation. Having kids you know it's kind of like challenging and she is looking really really fit. I admire her. I want to know what her work on your team is because still you're looking amazing. And you like shows. It's so hard. Pinaccio because Chargau for me has the best vinegar especially anti-marillion that's filmarsma. She makes the bad vinegar. And kini-lao. Kini-lao is also really good. Kini-lao. I love kini-lao. Oh me. Kini-lao. I cook better but my husband makes the local dishes that we have here. He can prepare it really well. Now let's move on to... Yeah. I watched a few cooking videos so it looks really delicious. But only using these two because we don't need it. That's for our guests. But this is our room up here and you can see our dogs. They are normally free. I tied them off first, but they're not enough. They're not muggolo. That's Roxy and Oatmeal. They're my husband, filmars, pit bulls. And there are babies. Then my room is also over there. I sleep there with my entire family. I feel like somehow, me and my husband. Of course we know family. But we are in the relationship works out because we make a good team. I feel like we feel in each other's strengths and weaknesses. Like for example, in the house, taking care of the house. I like to work on indoors and making sure that our house is tidy and neat. But he likes to work on everything outside. Ellie is 11 now. She's turning 12. So it's like we're sisters. And somehow, we share the same friends here. The people that I like to hang out with on a daily basis, they're quite younger than me and she hangs out with the same people. Just a bit older than me as well. Some of those are our surfing club writers. So this is where they like to hang out in. We don't... It seems to be a really, really nice community down in Chagau, especially when you are a part of the surfing culture. It's like a whole tight community. We really have a living room since we're always outdoors. But this is our play room. You can take a peek. All of my kids' toys and books are here. We do homeschooling here also. Ellie likes to play the piano. So we have a piano. So if it gets hot, like in the afternoon at lunchtime, my kids are always found here inside. I like to go surfing. It's my main former workout, but for yoga, when I used to do yoga a lot, our friend who is a physical coach would do exercises for us here. I had so much fun. That's probably the summer we can start again. The main attraction in my home, obviously this backyard, this space is too big for us. It would be hard to maintain if we had a lot of stuff built. So we just made it wide and spacious and just like we put sand so that the kids can run around and play. And that's the main reason of me moving here to Chagau anyway, is because I want to make sure that I'm able to raise my kids to grow up just like around nature. With nature and nature, that's amazing. My family. Easily. My family. But other than that, if anything, living here made me realize that my main essentials while living in the city are actually not an essential for me at all. What is something that's... Yeah, that's true. Oh, I a lot. Wait, wait, don't get me wrong. I'm really low in the city life. I love going to restaurants. I love just having great things around me, fitness studios and everything. There's like a whole different vibe in the city as well. But I personally just love nature as well. I love to be some way where I can just embrace the greenery, be close to the ocean and just live a slow life as you can. Well, I don't get stuck in traffic. That's for sure. It's easy to walk around to get the places. Here I can get a lot of stuff done and at the same time just relax. Without the day, you know, when it's so full, the hours are longer here. Goa, don't lay... You just say hi to the camera, okay? I learned so many things from moving here to Shargau. But the main thing for me is realizing that... Cute. They look so happy. We're all just the same. We're all equal. We're all just human beings. And instead of focusing on what happens to the lives of other people, the best thing is to just focus on your own. And not worry about what other people think. Very true. Very well said. I make sure that I wake up every day trying to be the best person that I can be. A better version of myself. For me, that's like an easy tip to always keeping a happy mindset and just being content. I love that. I love that. And it's also my number one my kid is climbing and I'm afraid that she might fall. It's all... Always keeping an eye on the kids. Then Andy, I am. Nice! Lonely. Yeah, Island Life looks very, very cool to me. I was even considering either moving to El Nido or Shagal because I've been living in vanilla for quite some time and you know, I realized I really want to be by the ocean. Let's see what future brings. But yeah, if you enjoyed this video, give it a thumbs up, subscribe for more, and also check out my other channel Nellie's Life. And if you want to support this channel, there are also memberships. So you can check it out down below. There must be some kind of like button. If you want to buy me a coffee, it's like monthly membership fee where I can give you more benefits of being a channel member. And yeah, you keep me going for this channel. Thank you so much for your support so far. I am happy to see you again here on Woodsub Philippines! Bye bye!