 Anapurna! But we are going to be moving to a completely different area of the Philippines. Good morning guys and almost merry Christmas. We are back at home in Cabana Tuan. I mean we are not exactly in Cabana Tuan city anymore and it's not actually our home anymore. We've been staying at my mom in Los Place. Maybe you recognize the place if you've been watching the vlogs for a while now. And the reason for that is quite a story and quite an update which I will share with you later in this vlog. But now since just two more days and it's Christmas we need to do some last minute Christmas shopping. And I think half of the city have the same idea so we will try to build the crowd and live to them all early. And also get into the Christmas period a little bit. Have you seen the parking of SMD's empty before? Yes. Yes I have one. At night when we are watching will be at midnight. That's right. But I think we officially beat the crowd look at this empty parking. It's just employees and the people very enthusiastic about the supermarket like us. Christmas shopping time. This actually has been a crowd. We are literally the only customers in SMD two days before Christmas. It's like a win situation and I love how. Just everything is so Christmasy. They always put out the typical Christmas cooking ingredients in the middle so you don't even have to look. Not that good. It goes from the sugar palm tree and from the nut I think all for three. Exactly. I never knew before where car on grows. I kind of thought it's also made from coconut but it's not. I kind of want car on. I kind of want to. What called green one. There's no difference right? No just one. Then it's healthier it has less color. We will eat it. This is dangerous. They put out all the yummy stuff in the middle of the mud that we didn't even plan. Getting mango grey. Except we have no mango. If you come to the Philippines at Christmas and go to the supermarket you just go through the main line in the middle and you will see everything that is like typical Christmas food here. Christmas food ingredient here. Greyhound for mango greyhound. Jonathan found a new way to enter. He himself I do what? While you shop. And read the labels. That's all we see this. We are not issued just because we are making fun of it. That I take a lot of time to read the labels in the supermarket so he found a new hobby. Very organic. We are going to buy a special putobombong. Really then the putobombong special is up. Yes, next up we are going to get into the Christmas spirit. We are going to putobombong. Behind the scenes. Because it looks so good how they are making the putobombong. I am not putting it on the putobombong. Right. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. So it is like a shape that they fill up with the right powder. Then it is like a teeming device. It is so cool! So it is just sticky rice, food color. I guess some sweet and orange that fill up a special shape. And put it in a teeming. It is much nice because of the a nice sm样 Spaß. So, sneak peek in the bibinka how it's made. Bibinka rice rice for bad guys. Is it a like fermented rice, for just regular rice. Regular rice. A regular rice floor. Oh, there's a lot ready. Okay. So it's already mixed in. This is the char s, oh cool. The char s for everyday baking. That looks so cool. There guys, this is the sneak peek into Bupo Bongoong and bibinka. Thank you for... Thank you for... Bye bye. Bye bye. There guys, we got a little sneak peek into how bibinka and Bupo Bongoong is made. It's so appetizing. If you ever come to Cabana to An City and craving Filipino Christmas street food, you can try it here at opposite of the church. It's just like the Lucero. Even when it's not Christmas. Now I'm just trying to cross the road. Wow. We didn't know that you can actually request a street food. It's cheese. Welcome guys to the Filipino Christmas street food mukbang. Yes. Ooh, wait, wait, wait. Need to take a perfect beautiful shot of this. Like... Like in a fancy way. Wow. Shout out to Joel for the information. Yes. About the photo Bongoong. Oh, there's a strong one. Very good. Puto Bongoong and bibinka are the two like super Christmas food in the Philippines. And now this year I finally get that like no style of feeling. You know when you have those typical Christmas food that you only eat at certain time of the year then you will get that Christmas feeling from it and I didn't have it last year because it was my first time trying this. But now... I got the Christmas feeling from this flavor. Yeah, actually last year. Bibinka was my favorite. But with this special puto bongoong with the cheese it has um. I'm sure that Boko on it, some sugar and then this special one like cheese and it match so nicely on it. Here in the Philippines we don't do in Hungary is putting cheese on sweet things and I used to not like it at all but especially on this puto bongoong it's so so good. Mmmmm. This is the bibinka. It has so-a-tad duck egg and you also put coconut on this. So-a-tad egg is another thing that I used to not like in desserts. It's like putting cheese here on sweet food and then putting so-a-t-egg on sweet food also. But the more I try these flavor combinations the more I like them. Do you do it? It's a river. I just saw an Instagram reel of someone making bibinka abroad and comments were not satisfied with it because he didn't cook it in this clay. Part with charcoal because that odds like extra flavor and also the banana leaf that it's cooked on odds and extra flavor so it's like extra good. It's not just like a regular puto. Mmmmm. What's all one? Mmmmm. Maybe I still like this more than puto bongoong. Mmmmm. Maybe they can make us a special bibinka also with... Mmm. Do you want to ask? We buy more. Look at this traffic guys in coconut one city. This is the Christmas rush usually. It doesn't look like this in our city. It's usually empty now. It's like in Cuba. Yeah. I'm at the... Yeah. Welcome to the ads of coconut one city. Never seen it this crowded. Not even like at a going home time-up store school. It's so so so windy guys. We are back at my mom-in-law's place, which is home right now. I just came upstairs because I believe that the Christmas decoration that we already stored away during moving should be somewhere here because this upstairs area is what we use for storage. It was easier than I thought. Look how windy it is. It's like when there's a typhoon even though the sky is completely blue. There are barely any clouds but the wind is like there's a typhoon. This is Amihan, if I'm correct, which is this cold air, cold windy weather, but it's supposed to be the weather in the Philippines around December and it's finally arrived. Now that it's almost Christmas, it's finally here. It's also finally time to decorate the Christmas tree guys. First, I need to like just make it look like a normal tree because it's almost done. While I do that, I can also give you the little story time or like what's going on with us, update about our plans and mainly why are we staying at my mom-in-law's place right now. So we actually knew that we will have to be moving out from the place where we were staying previously. We've been actually meaning to move out of that place for a really long time now. But we are not actually moving just one other apartment to the city or not even to a nearby city, but we are going to be moving to a completely different area of the Philippines and I don't want to tell various, just because I don't want to jinx it plus that I want to keep it like a surprise. But because we've been, I lost another part of that village. But since we've been so busy with all of our visitors and I was actually also fixing the extension of my resident visa, which is still not done yet, we just didn't really manage to finish everything and move to our new place yet, but we already had to move out of our previous place. This part, my mom-in-law's house right now, is our temporary home. Since it's crazy Christmas rush at the moment, we can't even be going to Manila to continue fixing my visa. Right now we are staying at my mom-in-law's place, going to spend Christmas here and new year also. And then after the holiday rush is over, we are going to Manila to get everything done, prepare for the moving and then really exciting chapter is coming in our lives and also in the channel's life. How perfect guys, well, decorating the tree. I've Christmas carolors and the dogs really don't like them, but that's like very traditional Christmas theme in the Philippines. It's kind of similar to Halloween when kids go around and collecting candy. Just here they sing and get like coins or money. There's a group here who are not kids, but although it's like a professional caroling group. Happy! Why you hate Christmas?