 So you already know that people suggest videos to me to react to via the DMs on Instagram or just messages on Facebook by sending me the link of said video so that I can actually watch it and react to it. Well, this time around there was someone who directly sent me the video. Yes, and the video is called They Want To Be Filippino. So I am assuming by this title that it's going to be probably about foreigners perhaps who wants to become Filipino. Well, you know what, we will discover this together. But if you are new to the channel, welcome, Marigayang Pagba Balerza, Akin Chano, Arrabozio Lala, and I am a sound engineer, beat maker and content creator on YouTube. And with that being said, let's check it out together. A new video comes together. So for you you must have heard that the video was split, see you in the next video. We will see. If you think about it, you will see more of us in our Philippines. The rest of us will see more of us in our Philippines. You're an American! Hey! Okay, first of all, I don't know if foreigners and the world is obsessed. I wouldn't choose the word obsessed, you know, with Filipinos. They are interested in Filipinos and the Philippines. I am glad that the video is translated. Yaws! And this is what's the name of this show. I love the Filipino that plays in this show, man. You know, when I started watching this show and I saw this guy, I was like, he has to be Filipino before he even said that he was Filipino. Filipino! And everybody is everything. So it's like nobody is anything. For a white male named Adam Wheeler, Jadu now identifies as Filipino. What? What? What? White person identifies as Filipino. So it's a dude, well, originally a guy who now identifies as a Filipino, not Filipino, but a Filipino. Okay. I actually never heard of that news. I have to see what that white man who identifies as a Filipino has to say and why they identify as a Filipino. I really have to check that out. Oh, thanks for having me, talk. I want to know what you think about it. I love it. Thank you. Thank you. Hey! We are Filipino in the Pagikin Hospital and we are the Filipino's most famous Filipino in the Bay of Managa. He is a very good guy. The newly elected president, Manuel Cazan, it was not a question of whether his country would help, but why other nations did not? When you saw how the doors were basically closed to all of us except for the Philippines. And how? I think this is a clip from the video of testimonials from the Jewish people who were saved basically by the Filipinos. You know, they were taken care of by Filipinos. I think, I think. The Filipino people are a very warm people. They are very friendly people. They just listen to her request. Even mothers who were taken care of themselves and make them the culture. That's also my recommendation. Wow! I haven't had this before. That's sound good. Here we go, another caul bread that speaks Tagalog perfectly. Oh my gosh, perfectly. I doubt that this person is Filipino. Okay, I even doubt that they have a little bit of Filipino blood, you know, but their accent is really good. What's a Filipino? Aero, aero. In the east, I'm a little bit old. Aero, aero. I'm a little bit old. I'm a little bit old. I'm a little bit old. Um, because if I went to the wrong place, I would have liked to go to the Philippines. I would have liked to go to the Philippines. Never love you, give to the Philippines. There's a high return on investment. You will get it back 10 fold. You have large families. And everyone seems to just be peaceful and contented to be around each other in the house. And family dropping by and friends dropping by. And I owe it to the door and somebody's coming to see you. And that's very much the way I remember things when I was a child. That culture has faded a lot from America now. And I missed that. Yeah. The difference here is that the Calidon mana, the human compacheonies. That's one of the reasons why, you know, foreigners go to the Philippines. Because most of the time, actually lately, what's in the news is black Americans that go to the Philippines because they feel like Filipino women, you know, will treat them better, at least better than American women. But there are many reasons as to why foreigners go to the Philippines. And the reason he said, I think, is the most important. You know, it's how Filipino's treat each other and just treat people in general. You know, it like you feel welcome when you go to the Philippines. And I'm sure that personally, I will feel the same way when I visit the Philippines next year. And I missed that. The difference here is that the Calidon mana, the human compacheonies different. I was saying that here you're in Filipinas in general because there are exceptions. We are not in a paradigm. You have a culture of kindness, a culture of friendship. There you go. The culture of humility. Yes. You are always open to resist people. He spoke the truth. I could not have said it any better. A culture of kindness, of humility, and something else. Oh, that is ex... That should be on the Filipino flag somewhere, you know? Because it really does represent the Filipino very well. There is a culture of all those things. To understand different opinions, to be real tolerant. Other countries, the culture is different. It's a culture of indifference and kindness. That's true. So, I could say, are some of the unique countries in the world with this kind of Calidon mana, human compacheon. Is this Spanish? No one is using something. It's a sentence. You express this Calidon mana through these smiles. We had Filipinos offer us a ride for free, a meal for free, and even a home for free. This is seriously amazing. The language of the Philippines is very beautiful. The language of the Filipino is very beautiful. We are the only ones who can speak. Absolutely, absolutely. They are nurses and doctors. We are working out. For the first time in order to help fill hundreds of open teaching spots, APS is hired teachers from halfway around the world. And their new teacher, from the Philippines. I really choose New Mexico because I find it interesting to learn the cultures. Riza Rosalia was one of 33 Filipino teachers hired on by Albuquerque Public Schools this year. Do you know me? I miss this good day. You're a bit tired. I miss this good day. You're a genius teacher. Welcome to my room. Sit number one. Good morning. I am a Mrs. Goodness, your science teacher. We are in the good hands. In elementary and high school, in the province of Chunbur, Raya and Manga Tabinitong. Also, I think that Filipinos are sought after everywhere in the world. It's because not only do they speak their own language, Tagalog, but also English. Most or a good portion of Filipinos are fluent in English. So they can actually work everywhere because they can speak the international language which is English. Your own economic corridor of Thailand is the name of the English teacher. Good bye, my teacher. Good bye. Good bye, my teacher. Good bye, my friend. Let's see each other again. Oh, they are sad that their Filipino teacher is leaving. And the word that is used in the language is called the word of the English teacher. The language is used to be used to speak our language. There is no turning back anymore because or my and our family are already contaminated. We just hope that... I know. Thank you to all the nurses and doctors in the world who worked hard during the pandemic to help people. I know that the patients are already very happy. There are a lot of them who are not happy. They are happy. And I'm really happy because I'm still here because my family is still here. But I have no other choice but to have them. Oh. She seems exhausted. Yeah, I think she is very, very tired and she misses her family. Personally, I think that's the most heartbreaking thing, man. It's Filipinos who leave their country, leave their entire family behind so that they can go work abroad and be able to provide for their family. It's not like they're even providing for themselves. Like all the money or most of the money that they make, they have to send it back to the Philippines to take care of their families. I have so much respect for that. You have no idea. It's basically like someone sacrificing their life, you know, for their family. It's a sacrifice. It's so noble. I mean, they do it out of love, but still. And I say sacrifice because it's not everyone that's in this situation. You know what I'm saying? A lot of people have siblings, have family that they don't have to take care of so they can just focus on themselves, you know. Focus on themselves, evolve and grow, right? Have a career and a family of their own. But in this case, some Filipinos they cannot do that because they have to take care of everybody else before. They even think about taking care of themselves. It's so freaking noble. I don't think the other hospitals have any other hospitals. There are no nurses, doctors and those who are part of the sanitation, they can't go to the hospital or the hospital. They're all alone. They're all alone. They're all alone. They're all alone. They're all alone. They're all alone. I'm telling you, these people, the nurses and the doctors are the real heroes. Seriously. Imagine like during the wars and during a pandemic, if there were no nurses and doctors, can you imagine the casualties? They're the real heroes. I don't know. It's a real choice. They're not alone in the Filipino. They're all alone. The viral and trending Filipino talents in the world are all alone. They're all alone. Yeah, let's go. Did you do some work with you? Are you Filipino? Of course. How have you been in Ireland? My mom has been in Ireland for about 20 years. Let's go. Me and my family sing like karaoke together. You don't sound like a karaoke singer. Of course. We know you're stylish. We know you are super cool. How did you get so damn good at singing? I mean, I got a Filipino mother so we're doing karaoke everywhere you can. Let's go. karaoke. So the question is now, is it something in Filipino and the Filipino water or food or is it something in their jeans that makes them sing? Well, or it's pretty simple. You just think the karaoke machine. I think it might be the karaoke machine, man. It's embedded in their culture and in their traditions, you know. As soon as the baby comes out of his mom's womb, they put a damn karaoke microphone in their hands. That's why they are such amazing singers and belters. That's pretty about that. How long you been singing for? I've been singing since I was three. I've been singing every Saturday on Filipino community choir. The only singing you do is in that choir. Yes. I am in love with your voice. My heart is in that. He reminds me of Zer and Espanto. Ah, there we go. It was such a random video. You know, it was like an accumulation of clips from different subjects all put together to represent how once again, Filipinos are great, you know. And yes, they shared a few clips of people who identified as Filipinos, like foreigners who identified as Filipinos. Which is odd. You know what I'm saying? I think it's odd. I think you can be Filipino by heart. As a matter of fact, a lot of a lot of you think that I am Filipino by heart, which I think is humbling and I'm grateful for. But to literally identify as Filipino when your background isn't Filipino whatsoever, that's a little strange in my opinion. But you know, to each their own and we have to respect that. Let me know the comment section below your thoughts on this video. Marami, Marami, Saddam, Madfoe. And of course, if you found value in it, then do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here. Marami, Marami, Saddam, Madfoe. Marami, Saddam, Madfoe. Marami, Saddam, Madfoe. Marami, Saddam, Madfoe. Marami, Saddam, Madfoe. Marami, Saddam, Madfoe. Marami, Saddam, Madfoe. Marami, Saddam, Madfoe. Marami, Saddam, Madfoe.