 I was in one hand, and he blew me off. That's so strong man. Hello everybody, I'm here with Machu Edwards on Henry Edwards. There's Henry and there's Machu. We're just taking a break from the bikes because it's really hot and we're going to get in the car. We're heading around Angelo and see what's available and what's there to see. Can't get this helmet off, don't they? A helmet. Ah, there we go. Anyway, yeah. Let's check out Angelo's and see what I have to offer you. How are you, Brooklyn? How are you feeling today? Good. You're good. Nice. Can you give us a bit of your English accent on camera? I don't poke the camera. It's going to have a... what's it called? Who's got a cool English accent? Where are you from, Brooklyn? England. What part of England? What part are you from, Brooklyn? You know the address, come on. 13 hours, when he got one in England, when he went to England. He's from England. And he's on vacation in the Philippines, right, Brooklyn? Yes, open through. Open through, sorry, I'll open it. Open again, watch out. You may fall. Open. I'm going to... I'm going to... I'm going to... Ah, it's so cute! Say that again? I gave one to you. Mike checked one, two, three, four. Speaking of microphone problems, how are you doing, Henry? I think I'm doing alright now. I think I'm with Susté-Æ. From where it's Brooklyn? Mom, anyone's coming by? You want to go with us? Brooklyn. Somewhere. Somewhere. What's the dog? To whiteboard into the mountain. We're going to fight to the people. Matthew basically suggested that we go to Wakeboarding Park. I don't think we're going to Wakeboard. I want to make use of the cameras. We don't have any underwater cameras. I'm just getting the feel of the new Canon, what I've got, which Daniel recommended. So if you guys need any recommendation on cameras, please contact Daniel Seymour. Alright, let's check this place out. Hey Uncle Jordan, he has a camera too. Everyone's got a camera in their hand, mate. So we've made it here to Dekker Park, Dekker Wakeboarding Park. I'm speaking loud so you may hear me because it's on an audio mic. Yeah, it's really, really nice here. It's pretty cool. Not many people at the moment, they're bug guys. It's empty, that's how you want it out. So if you guys are here, you can come over here and see how it's done. So we've made it here to Dekker Park, Dekker Wakeboarding Park. I'm speaking loud so you may hear me because it's on an audio mic. It's cool, not many people at the moment, they're bug guys. It's empty, that's how you want it though. So if you can't do wakeboarding, but loads of time to keep on practicing. So I was doing what we're doing, come out here and meet Daniel when he's scorching outside. You know what I mean? It's too hot. It's super hot right now, my way of skin can't take this. It's a good day, just, again, just want to go back to saying, Angela, this is a great place for so many activities and stuff going on. I think after this, we're going to go on to somewhere else. We're going to head into it. I think we're going to have a check inside clock because there's a lot of different signaries inside clock. So you've got this sort of tart, there's a sort of barrier and you've got the jungle sort of barrier. We're not really sure, so we're going to have a look like and check it out. That's why I always wear a betlow for texting for the skin. You heard the man, betlow. Betlow. All right. Okay, next location. Yeah, I had to take a shower because I was getting wet by the hot. It was, it was, it was, yeah, my, it was crazy. It's just sweating, sweating, behind the gilly gilly. Normally, I smell great. So yeah, I had to take a shower, I can't smell bad. Because I'm going to have my, you know, my viewer doing some all chapos. I know, I'm going to have a check out, I'm going to have a check out, you know, I'm going to have a check out, you know. Indeed, I'm going to have a check out. And also another one thing, most of you guys, most of you viewers have mentioned to me that it's not Mahal Kita, I'm going to have a check out. It's Mahal Din Kayo. Mahal Kayo. Mahal Kokayo. So sorry about that guys. But I'm learning and you guys are my teachers, the audience. All right. Yeah, I also want to acknowledge the presence of a really epic fan. Nipe Khalid. I hope I said it right. You have always been commenting since IMA since we first did our videos like 2012. We were the pioneers by the way. But since we first did our videos, you've always been there. Nipe Khalid, thank you very much for your support. And for someone known reason, I don't know how. You're always the first one or one of the first people to comment down below the first time. You're always the early bird to catch the worm. Thank you Nipe Khalid for your support. Mahal Din Mahal Kita. It works Mahal Kita, you know. So, I'm at Paday. So, I'm at Telaga. So, we just made it at St. Clark. Let's go. And get some fruit because I'm so hungry. I'm starving. I'm starving. There's a coffee. Coffee is good in the morning. It's not the morning anymore. It's not the morning anymore. But it's still good. So, let's go. Yeah, where we going? I'm in the park. I'm num num num num. It's popping outside. That's why I'm here to inside. Very good. Very good. More waiting. We got a phone. Hello. Wake up. Wake up. You guys are in the mosque. Yeah. You guys are in the mosque. Yeah. You guys are in the mosque. Yeah. You guys are in the mosque. Yeah. You guys are in the mosque. Yeah. Hello. It's okay that you guys are in the mosque. to hold it. Thank you. diaries. What do you want? Will than, will. I will wait till when you are back. See you next time. Thank you. Thank you. Good afternoon. So today we're going to leave SM Clark and we're going to head on to the next location. So we just bumped into a fan of my vlog his name is Marlin. Marlin. Marlin is awesome. Take his number with your name. Take his number. So we're going to go to TV's pizza, Mamaya. Did he say this? This is D.D. Oh sorry, my bad, this is D.D. This is D.D. Okay, interesting. We're going to D.D.'s pizza. Well, I heard him did he's means did he said that? Yeah, sorry, I haven't done it. So this is one of the parks here in Angeles. What's the park called, Marlin? Marlin, what's the park called? That's the park. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh THErés Génelo's not wet but when he has nothing to do it comes over and shoots some hoops man that's worth all about you know it's nice to be around all these youngsters and they're playing different sports and so on. The birds is shows that they've got a going life they've got interest there's a hobby so they're motivating themselves really good. Remember guys repetition after repetition is how you get things perfect. What's that? Bolly now. You're left. Air for city. We are oh my god it's difficult. It's a plane. It's a plane. Oh it's a dark. Okay so we are now finished with our day and our vlogging and all of that today it was a great day. It's really nice here in the park this park is amazing. I guess if you're ever in the area come here to the Air Force part of Clark Pampanga. I forgot the name of it might be a very good name you didn't tell me where ever we're going but I know it's the Air Force Museum somewhere here in Clark so yeah that is the vlog for today I hope you guys had a good time it was a very interesting day hopefully match you and Henry's vlogs will be out under channels will be up by the time I upload this but who knows so I'd like to end this by telling all you guys to just take care be grateful have fun and have a great day. It's night or morning. Good evening good morning and good night. Alright take care guys. Mahal ko kayo.