 We're going to be doing a bit of a different tour. We're going to see an island. I highly remember the name of the island. I'll tell you when we get there, which is directly behind Super Lagoon. We're very excited. We've got a long walk to Bravo now. And then we are boarding the shuttle to Del Harman. Really long walk when you just walk at your hotel. And Bravo is there. I'll wait for 45 minutes. Then drive later and you are in Del Harman. You have to sign in at the tourism office. This tour is included. But sometimes it's not. If you make it yourself, I don't think I'd recommend it. Looking at our thing, I guess book a tour. Because if you come on your own, you'll need four or five of you to have your own pad, which is like 400 pesos each. And then you get here. The exterior and the boats are cheap up. You don't get food or anything included. And in the end, it will add up to about the same price. Just a short wait now. While we wait to get on the boat, it's about 40 to 45 minutes. Boat drive to Del Harman. As you can hear, there are a few boats that are already setting off. It's really good for the tour as well. They do have a few snacks before you go, which is always a bonus. This place is crazy. You pass through like, through your four little fish and villages on the way. Really nice journey here in it for the mangroves. And then you get here. It's like the El Nido big little bit, but with nobody here. Well, there's a few boats. There's only like four or five boats here in total. You've got so much to do every minute. It's not like El Nido comes in many, four or five minutes. So I think that we can't be here because the boat is so large. I can't hear some shouting. But it's so much to do. You've got the diving platform. You can make kayaks. You're not going to do kayaks to the Dunk kayaks at Bigger Game. Think we're going to do a bit of snorkeling and obviously jump off the diving platform. We've changed over to the GoPro. I think we learned our lesson from last time. But the ball's sitting here. It's so, so clear. We've got our snorkels. We're going to ready. Apparently it's not that many fishing shark I've got to hold. The snorkels are not amazing, but we want to do this first because the diving platform's really busy. We have already seen one fish. That's how clear the water. I was literally just walking down a sep and there was a fish there. It's so, so clear. We're going to have a snorkel. And then do our jump off the dome ball because like we said, it's really busy at the minute. And hopefully people get bored of it when you get it to ourselves. That's right. There is a many fish in here at all. I don't even need the goggles. The water's so clear right here. I think you can just see everything anyway. I think we might head round over here because there's meant to be a couple of cool cliff jumps. And that opens. We said the tide's a bit low at the moment. As you can see this is the bit to avoid. I've got all the canoes, seafood canoes. We've got little paddleboard of boats now. It's just head round the other side. It's a missile detourists. Right, so I'm up. None of that photo rubbish. I've just got a jump in once this boat moves that way. Here we go. Three, two, one. That was so much fun. It's a shame that it's such a big queue. So I'm going to pull out them from Filipp's and everything. And how Molly is queuing up. It's her turn. And we've got to see if she's going to jump. I don't think she's going to jump. I think she's going to get a picture and lie to you. She's coming back. She's coming back. She's one of them. She's gone for the photo. The leg bit back. I'm so disappointed. She didn't jump. As you see, she's just got a good photo. It was too slow. But I did get a picture. I saw that. It's so good. I don't know. I reckon we didn't do it. But we're in a canoe. We just got off and find our own little spot. We're off now. Getting back in the boat. And again, to Cal. Cal would get hand. Cal would get hand. Ireland. Ireland's got insane sand bar. So we'll see what that's like. And we have just made it to Cal Hagen Island. It's insane. There's like a mini sand bar. And when the tide is out, it goes all the way over to the other island. But this is so quiet. There's a couple of other boats that were with our tour. And food is ready. We're walking to a cottage to go and have lunch. But I think we're here for two hours. And he's able to just literally chill out. But if you can see, it's so peaceful. And there is nothing. And nowhere else around it is perfect. MUSIC So first stop before we do anything at this island was lunch. And it was amazing. They had chicken and doba, pulkscures, rice. Veg. I love the eggplant salad. And first tour, whatever actually giving you free alcohol. I'll tend the way there. Absolutely double. Do I have a golden eagle beard? I haven't heard of that. Is it a Filipino beard? It's not. Let us know in the comments below. We're just going to explore this island because it could already be our new favourite island. MUSIC MUSIC This is absolutely insane. There's no shade. So it's super, super hot. And also the sand is really rocky. There's like, I don't know if you can see, like, all here. In those of like coral and stones. I'm so out of breath because I just had to walk down there. There's absolutely insane. It's one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen that you're just surrounded by islands, literally in the middle of nowhere. MUSIC I think that's enough sunbathing for the day. I am absolutely boiling, but how cool is that sand bar in front of the island? I'll talk about what's saying. Different seasons, you get a different amount of the sand bar. It doesn't change too much between low and high tide. It's more between the winter and the summer. During the winter, it's thinner and longer, and the summer it is shorter and wider. MUSIC So there goes our time at Caligand Island. Honestly, this island is insane. We just sat down for a little bit after we've been able to have a few more beers, just chilled out. Everyone's so relaxed. It's really nice to only stop at two places. You get to spend more time at both of them. But yeah, really good day. I'm probably one of the best things I've done so far. So just got back from the tour. Really tired, really hot. But look, who's just walked through the door. I've come with the goods. I literally just went to surf in gym. So if you're into your weightlifting and fitness, it's actually the only weightlifting gym in Shagal. So make sure you check it out. And then I went and got a big max. We see it yesterday and we thought we've got to try this. And the prices are ridiculous. I've got two burgers. And then one burger, because everything's by one, get on brie. So two burgers for 65 pesos. Molly didn't get the burger on fricking. She went for the super long hotdog for 80 pesos. Got some chips. Got some rum. We'll talk to you about the tour once it's finished here. Back in my robe, that was actually very, very nice. For something that's so cheap, and I've heard that it is a franchise from vanilla. We never see it. So comment below is that right. Is it a franchise in the Philippines? Big max. Because we actually really liked it for the price. For a fast food restaurant, it was really nice. Like it was freshly cooked in front of you. Definitely recommend it if you're in Shagal. Because it's a lot cheaper. Because the restaurants in Shagal are actually a lot more expensive than any of the other islands that we've been to. But I just want to talk about the tour again quickly. We actually booked our tour through my Shagal guide. And you can book that at the Bravo Hotel. And most resorts actually recommend that as the one we've been at. Two different resorts down in Shagal. And both of them use that as their lead one that they recommend to everyone. It is a little bit more expensive on your own. I think it's too much hassle. You can do it with other companies. But there are only a couple of hundred pesos cheaper. And they go to other things that are on the island that you'll probably see on another day whether you get a bike or you do a, I don't know, you get a driver to drive you around. It'd be easier to see things on the island that way. And the tour is just so much better. The guides, million times better than any other guides have had before. The lunch, so much better. Normally we just get rice and chicken. This time you had a spread of everything as you would have seen. And the free alcohol, it was perfect. So the only tour operator that we've seen in general Luna that offer the Colligian Island and the others don't even include a lunch. So you're getting a bonus island and a lunch with unlimited alcohol. We are getting ready because we are going to head out tonight to the party bar. They have a different party bar every night in Charlottesville. So you have to look on boards around town to find out where that is. And tonight's party bar is Rambar. And when we say party bar, it is one of the only ones that is open until like two or three a.m. As we said, different one every night. We dress them ready now, but it could be a change of plan. So tired again. We're getting out for a bit and just see how things go. So we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight. And we're going to head out tonight.