 This Clayman, I didn't choose the Philippines. The Philippines chose me. It's in rice, like plain rice and chicken. That was a big issue for me when I moved it, but now it pro. It's just like home. I mean if I use the Philippines I'm going to cry. On today's episode of The Winding Down Podcast, we have a special guest. She's an Nigerian chef who moved to the Philippines for college. She has her own YouTube channel and today she joins us to talk about Filipino versus Nigerian food as well as to share her experience of what it's like living in the Philippines without further ado. Please welcome happiness. Thank you. Thank you happiness for joining our podcast. Welcome again guys. The Winding Down Podcast. On today's video we'll be having our remiss for you all. Thank you. You're free since? Cheers. I'm going to win. I'm going to win. She was too sweet. We know you're an Nigerian chef here, so actually today we prepared four traditional Filipino dishes for you to try. Right? Starting first with the original curry curry. Who won't pronounce it right? Yes, so for the curry curry, for everyone's knowledge, it doesn't know. Curry curry is a traditional Filipino stew complemented with a thick savor in sauce. So the company used to be to produce this our off-scale, try and pour it. Okay guys, I'm trying the curry curry. Yes, curry. Have you tried this one before? No, but I've seen it before. Okay, so I'm going to try again. In allergic to peanuts, right? No, I'm not. I thought we should have checked that before. Just in case, when I'm coming from here, I'm going to have some still a little soup. It's okay. I mean, the restaurant surprised me. Because personally, they go back to peanuts in general. So even with five food, I just don't like meals that have peanuts. But it's on like with rice. I'm praying it's okay. But curry curry is not in my number one. Okay, I've heard of it. But anyway, so that we can know more about your happiness. Why did you choose the Philippines to move to? This claimer, I didn't choose the Philippines. The Philippines chose me. Oh, okay. Because I remember back then, I was a 2015 actress graduated from high school. And I already wrote the examination in Nigeria to go to one of the schools there. Okay. Right, so I was waiting for my result to go to one of the universities in Nigeria, went my aunt decided that I move here with my cousin. Oh, okay. And why do you think she chose the Philippines for you to move? I had like a family friend who graduated from San Agustin. Oh, okay. And what's her name again? I forgot her name. But she graduated from... Sorry. I'm going to graduate from the region of Vancouver. Very close. So she graduated from the Philippines specifically, San Agustin. And she got... I think her mom was close to my aunt. So we have an conversation. She told her about San Agustin and she felt like it was a good school. And the fact that it's a Catholic school, so she's going to move here. Oh, okay. And I was... That's a main reason. I'm curious, how long have you been here? 2015. So I think by the time this video should be all, it's already 8 years. 8 years? Yeah. Okay, that? Oh, a long time. I think I remember I met you when you first moved. I think you were with your aunt at times. Yeah, yeah. At the ink shop. Yeah, I think Jessica was actually coming back to me. Yeah. And we were with my mom. Oh, yeah. That was eight years ago. Yeah. Because your mom was out guiding. Oh, yeah. You guys didn't know? Well, not used, but it's just coming back to me. I don't have the same all-moment. It's my first time here. It's okay. I feel like you're on a lot of memory in my videos. Yeah. You're almost out guiding. Yeah, I'm not calling you that. But okay, so that's super cool. So that was in Ilo Ilo, right? Yeah. So, because we also have past episode three talk about the difference between Manila and Ilo Ilo. Do you think there's also a way to spread the phrase? Like how so? In Europe. I mean, when I was staying in the province before, because Ilo Ilo City is a province, right? So we have whoever stayed in the province before, and what that is, the big difference with staying in the province and also staying in the city. And Ilo Ilo thinks it's really affordable. And before I left, it was no traffic. I don't know about now. And also, the people there, I know people say that but we know it's not how speak table. But I would always trace it back to Ilo and Ghost. And I was really, really, really hospitable. So it's really different living there compared to here. For here, when I moved, it was just so hard, adapted because of the traffic, just so many people everywhere. Yeah. Like it's always busy, always busy. There's something always going on. And the people at the hospital bought. Yeah. I get to, like, I was just saying, like, I don't know people in Ilo. They're just different, you know? I mean, for me, to be honest, I think the reason why, not like, you know, when I think about it, is because, like you said, there's always something going on. Everyone's so busy. So maybe because of that busyness and the traffic, there's always something. People, I'm not saying that they're, like, less friendly, but they just, they just carry it away. I think they're just, like, focused on too many other things. Well, you know, you look at it because it's just more chill. And stuff so people tend to be a bit more accommodating. Yeah. I think. I mean, to add to that, I think it's also just the city life. City life is very different. Yeah. Because it's a city, it's a big city. There's a lot more people here, all over the place. Yeah. And so, you know, there's going to be a big, a huge difference in, you know, the way, you know, people live their life and the way things happen. So everyone's going to be busy, everyone's going to be working. And so people don't have time to, like, think about other people. They're too busy looking after themselves. Yeah. I mean, because, like, in Ilo, you run there for, basically, you're in your school, right? And right now, you are still a little bit close. So after my BSE, I went straight up for my masters. So that's why I'm still here, because I haven't got a great idea. Okay. But I should be done this year. All right. I'll advance. Okay. And after your masters, do you think you're going to stay here for a while? And do you see yourself moving? So sincerely, I think when, I, um, I think two years ago, I would say that after my masters, I'm going back home. I still want to go back home. But right now with the plans I have, like, I think I might stay here a bit before going back. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Just, just how to cure your alcyny. What, what are you doing for your masters? Oh, masters in business administration, NBA. That's cool. Yeah. Are you using that anyway at the moment, you know? Yes, I am. I mean, I have a business. Okay. Right. I have a restaurant, but it's going to be online. But I look forward to having a physical outlet someday, like Osgris. Yeah. Okay. Well, I mean, since you mentioned that, right, like you have business, you, you're a chef, or a chef. So regarding like Nigerian food and Filipino food, I'm very curious to like, from you know, a chef's perspective is a cuisine more or less like the same on par. But before we go into that, I want us to move on to our second meal, which is be called Express. So would be called Express. It's made up of like coconut milk, which brings a sense of delight to the sharp notes of chili pepper and baguon in the classic recipe. So the contrast is long-created, it's well-binding richness and tastes for the dish. And it also is arguably one of the most popular Filipino dishes. So I knew in Niger a person eat already like spicy food. Yeah. So the reason why I love people Express is because it's spicy in my opinion. So I want to like, he thinks it as well. So just. I've tried Biko Las for a while, and this is one of my best Filipino food, just because it's spicy. Yeah. So I'm trying to make it spicier, the better. Make it spicier, you automatically like it. Yeah. So just this one, pretty clear, because they're all they're like spicy. It's easy, can be spicy. Yeah, it's easy, because it's also spicy, but this is very good. Oh, it's good. Right? Maybe it's easy, can be spicy. Yeah. Yeah. But I think, yeah, I think Biko's Express is my most favorite like spicy food. You know, the shine, just really, it's different. I think maybe also like the coconut milk. I mean, yeah, coconut milk definitely has like, especially rice. At least for me, yeah. We have rice over there, if you want to add it. Yeah. We asked a question earlier about the difference between Nigerian food and Filipino food. So the difference is Nigerian food are more spicier, like pepper, you call it pepper, you have a lot of pepper down food, and Filipino food are good, and delicious. Just that, you guys have a lot of sugar, it was a bit dishes, and I can't do. Yeah, that's the staple. Like, we don't have, like they do add, was it called sugar, and some dishes, like I think it's a different type. There's some different kind of stuff. Yeah, it's a little longer. People don't spike it. Let's spike it, you know. I'll never forget it. Like, like, no. The foods are good. Trust me, just that I'm not used to, number two. Hand sugar in my food. Like the difference is the sugar and the spiciness level, because I do sense of Filipinos, and some of them, like, I don't want to be spicy. Yeah, I don't want to be spicy. They get, I think, that's the difference, but they are all good. Yeah, yeah, I think so. I mean, because also, I'm not sure if you agree. Like, when I lived in Ilo, and I moved here to Manila, even like the Filipino traditional foods were different. Like, for example, meals like lassoas or... Or the utan, or like, just, they're just meals, I guess, depending on the areas. Exactly. From where you, like, been, I'm not sure if you, like, travel like a lot of places, but would you, at which part would you say is your favorite? Filipino staple. I can't specify. So, the real? Just because I don't always eat Filipino food, just because I cook and I'm always home. Yeah. So, I get to eat Filipino food maybe when I go out, and then sometimes it depends, even with Filipinos. Yeah. We should ask this back out. Do you guys eat Filipino food when you're home? I mean, yeah. Like, yeah. So, the thing is, like, if I was honestly, if I was to choose just because I love spicy food, I would prefer Nigerian food, right? But I also really like Filipino food because that's what I've been eating since 2009. So, it's just part of, like, I can't live without rice. Yeah, I get brown. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. My rice is really light. So, yeah, I like, before when I moved here, it was kind of hard to adjust. Yeah. Like, Sise, Batikol, Ota, Lasua, like, Le Chon Kawa, I love all of that. Even Biko, it's best. Mungo, not so much. Yeah. That's our next dish. Not the next dish, but Mota's the same as beans, the curry curry, peanut butter, I don't like it, but the rice. I can eat anything inside the soup. And I really, what? What, these are sad? These are sad? Yeah, it's sad. I can't go through it. You can never still tell the difference. I would get you. Never tell the difference. So, I agree to go at least say about how different provinces have different kind of food and also the taste. Yeah. Like, Biko, Lasua, right? It's from Biko. Yeah. Yeah. Back here, I read something online that even though it's called Biko, express it actually originated from Manila. Oh, really? It was like this dispute. Like, I just feel the same. I read that first. I don't know. I don't know if it's true. I had this from Biko. No, but... Where is Biko express from? That is the question. In your opinion. In your opinion. I would assume. In your opinion. I believe that Biko is racist. All right. But since you mentioned mango, I think this is mango with an lecchan kawali. Have you had that before? I haven't. Okay. Well, I mean, do you like beans? Because it's mostly beans. It's one pound of leftover lecchan. Couldn't divide. So, let's go over. So, I think mango, which is the, you know, mung beans, one cup of chopped pechai, six those of garlic chopped, one small onion, two tablespoons of fish sauce, and salt and pepper to taste, you know, after after cooking. Okay. So, there's a lot of ingredients in there. You know, all classic Filipino ingredients. So, definitely a Filipino staple. You can go try this one with the rice. Just cut the face. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. I've never, I mean, I've home my group eating Filipino food. So, I never had not eaten with rice. So, I'm like you guys. It's not a two-ed-rice. I like you guys. I always eat with rice. Yes. Oh, it's like, yeah, okay. Yeah, so from when you were, since you were a kid, rice was on a few rice. Yeah, I knew rice. I mean, I didn't have some, right? Like, you know, sandwiches and something. You know, I had like a time, BMT or anything like that. For the most part, I eat everything with rice. And so, you guys talking about like, not eating with rice before coming here. It's like, it's kind of different. Yeah. It's interesting. In Angiorai, it was cassava. Yeah, we have like different food. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, I had a plantain here. But it's so from skill of 1 to 10. It's really beans. I'll give it a... ...piss. You know, with that. Oh, this is... ...it's... You say six. It's good, though. I'll give it a seven. Okay. Just because it tastes, it has this Nigerian bean state. Yeah, yeah. And I have eaten that in a while. So it's like, oh, I think I'm going to get this mongoose. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it tastes good. It tastes good. Okay. I think that's also when I always have mongoa that's where it reminds me of. Because... That's the beans that reminds me of... Yeah, yeah, it's like that's all the fresh things. Yeah, it tastes like old beans and rice. Yeah. It tastes really good. I think eight, sorry. It would take a second. It was spicy, but you didn't really... Yeah. But it's really good. Okay. Okay. Alright, well, so happiness, like, a common topic that... Or a common theme that, you know, we've been discussing in our podcast is, you know, basically just like experience as foreigners when it comes to like different countries moving to the Philippines. So, for you, you know, moving from Nigeria back then, do you remember any like major culture shocks that you've had? Okay. I think one of it would be... With the food. Isn't rice like plain rice and chicken? That's what makes you... Yeah. Yeah, that was a big issue for me when I moved in, like getting used to eat plain rice and chicken or plain rice with ketchup. But I'm now in pro. When I moved in, like, it was so hard adapting to that because growing up I was used to eating rice and something. It just has to be a sauce, but not ketchup. I spelled one of my biggest culture shocks. And then the second one would be the cats. Cats, cats. I don't know, like cats. Oh, okay. Right, so I always say these are my channel that in Nigeria, right? Like, we have cats, but the cats are not as rampart of everywhere as the things in the Philippines. Right, just because cats then were used for pet-ish sauce. Right, so you guys know about that? No, wait, wait. You used for what? Pet-ish sauce, like something scary, like, which isn't so. Oh! So that was a reason why... Yeah, so that was a reason why we don't see cats all the time. Like, we rarely see cats. Suddenly, from the face, I come from a cat. Cats are there, but we rarely see them on the road or just anywhere. And then when you see the cats, it's just as scary seeing them in your eyes. So when I move to the Philippines and I move to Ilaylo, the compound at the place I stayed, it was so very cats. So very... So, it's so, so, so scary seeing them, like, because I grew up with a different mentality when it comes to cats. So seeing them is like, you're so many, like, witches and stuff and all of that. So, yeah, but right now, I'm used to having cats around and just playing around with them. That's a cat. I play around with them. I don't think I'm going to have any, but I can, you know, I've been shamed and admired and from the instance. You get it? But yeah, so we've got to, like, the second cultural show I have. And which other one again? It's Half Filipino's tear at Ilaylo. It can be good and it can be bad. But moving here and just watching a lot of them move can be... I think it's because of my hair, right? Because of the most times. When we have different colors of hair, the assoak ears, and how did you do that? How did you make that? So yeah, I think that's why the cultural show is like that. I mean, because like, it's why you mentioned that because the video that we did with his dad Joe. Thank you for the question. So he also mentioned, like, you know, when we asked him about culture talks, he mentioned the same thing as well. And we got from the comments that I think, you know, we know this as well, but a lot of people are emphasizing that Filipino's don't start to be rude. Because they just, you know, they see something different and they admire it. And I mean, I think that's understandable. Yeah, that's understandable. But he can't think really too much. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he does get uncomfortable for the receiving end. But yeah, I get it. If someone had pink hair and a robot. Is that you with your curation? Oh, like, but there can be, you know, if you're doing like... The other person would definitely feel uncomfortable, right? So I understand, it's, you know, admiration. There's no harm in trying to be rude. But I get how the person would receive it and it can be a bit uncomfortable. Yeah. So I guess, you know, he does... He does. He does. And also, that's not to say that, you know, we're sort of trying to like, fall Filipinos. No. We're just sharing our experience as well as like how it makes us feel. Just because it doesn't mean it's a bad thing. Yeah, yes. And like, right now, I'm okay. Let's say, 60%. A 7% of K-Vity. Right. Because I can be shy sometimes. But before I remember back then. I think you remember when you used to stay before like, so that's a part of me. Yeah, yeah. You know, we have to walk down from there to the school. Oh, yeah. And then, telling the morning when you're walking to school, the jeep leaves. Yeah, yeah. You look like a... I used to run then going to school. Because it really made me uncomfortable right now. I just stayed at something normal and then just made themselves. Yeah. We want to know, like, since you know you've lived here for eight years. So, you definitely have some things that you love and some things that you don't necessarily love. So, we wanted to get to like your top three things that you feel that can be better in the Philippines. And the top three things that you can say you absolutely love. But before that, we want you to try the final dish. It's a lycheef fan. And basically, the japan is just custard, milk. And I think it's originated from baking. If I'm not mistaken. But because it's milk and Spanish and then milk and that. But if it's not just let me know in the comments. But yeah, if you... I can put some in it. It's fun fact, like, I love lycheef fan. I eat it almost every day. It's like 4. It's good. It's like 4. You call this every day. And but it's like the small ones. It's not the big ones. It's like the cupcake side. Yeah, it's like we've been to that. It's very fun. It's just good. Yeah, it's from one to ten. So, I don't like too sweet. Don't get me wrong. It's really good. But because I don't like too sweet, so I give it a six to the ten. But it's good. Yeah. Thank you. Alright, so like you're... That's how it looks like the things that you feel will be better in the food. So I think I have just one thing I don't like about a flip is. Because I can't really think about anything right now. But that one thing will be the fact that as foreigners and students you cannot work. Right? They can be so. Right? Just that we can't work as foreigners who are students is something I really do not like. Because it would have really made a lot of sense if we allowed to still work. I mean, corporate company. You can walk online, but it's corporate companies here initially because you cannot work as a student. Unless you have a working visa. Yeah. So that's something I don't like. Would you say that's the reason why you started your restaurant? That's one of the reasons I started because I wanted to do something. I didn't want to be depending on home all the time. For something or for money. I wanted to be have something to do. That's why I started my business. Well for the government, if you're watching Baqanaman, that doesn't work. And for positive is what would you say. Because I know you're really like, you're especially your kind of one of the few friends that I have that are black, that are really advocating how much to sleep out. So can you give us like 33 things that you really like about the Philippines? So I think what I love the most about the Philippines is that most Filipinos are videospeetable. Most of them are videospeetable. And I've noticed that Filipinos let you in your space or they can really let you in. When you let you in your space, they just accept you. But you are not my name, you're color, you're race or anything. They just really accept you. You know, I'm really friendly. And I know the fact that Filipinos is just like home. I mean, if I need to Philippines, I'm going to cry. Yeah, because it's really just like home. It's not straight like other countries. You can just do whatever you want to do legally, not either. Right? So rather do something legally, you are peace. No one is stressing, you know what is your... Putting the gun in your head and sort of like, yeah, Filipinos is really a great place to be. I just love the people and I love the environment. I just love how... I just love the Philippines. Yeah, I know what I'm saying. So you would say that your aunt chose, you know, better than Filipinos. Yeah, yeah, she really did. Because I mean, from the Philippines, I've learned a lot about myself and a lot about people. And to be sincere, if I was in Nigeria, I don't think I'm leftist that I'm not here. So it means that we've made me a better person in different aspects, like emotionally, like spiritually, physically, every aspect. I'm a way better person because I'm here. Like, wouldn't be... Maybe I would, but I don't think I'll be this person in the end. I think that's what we said in our... Remember me, the Spanish video, we mentioned that also we wouldn't be who we are, regardless of positive negatives, the way that we are people. And that's something that we definitely appreciate it for, like forever. Okay, well, thank you so much again guys for always watching. I think I'm always wanting to create a dialogue, so there's other things that you feel that we need to talk about or if you like this kind of content, let us know in the comments. Yeah, remember to like and subscribe, and we'll see you guys next time. It's okay.