 Alright, have you ever asked yourself this question? What do Filipinos look like to foreigners? Well, apparently we are going to figure that out with the upcoming video that we will be reacting to today. If you are new to the channel, welcome Maliga Yangpagobabaleksa Akin Channel. I am a foreigner, so I will also be telling you what Filipinos look like to me or used to look like to me and how I perceive them today because it has changed tremendously. My name is Ovella, I am a sound engineer, beat maker and content creator on YouTube, and with that being said, let's jump right into it. Filipinos are very pretty and tense on. Before you call this a Pinoy Bating Channel, please do check out our Filipino-based content. Oh, it's like disclaimer. What do Filipinos look like? She comes from Thailand, but her accent sounds very British to me. All I can say is that Filipinos are very diverse and some might disagree, some might agree. I have mistaken Filipinos for Thai people before, especially with women, not so much as men, but with women sometimes it's very difficult to tell the difference. But then once they say, oh no, they're Filipino, I'm like, ah okay, now I see, yes of course you are. I think that's just me, I don't know, being ignorant and me thinking, oh, this person looks healthy. I really like her orange hair and I feel like it goes well with her lipstick color as well. These Asian they must be Thai. As I met more Filipinos, I realized oh Filipinos are just Thai people. They have darker skin tones. They have lighter skin tones. More look. East Asian, more look south. East Asian. It's a mix. It's a melting pot. Everyone is very unique in the way they look from my perspective of course. Hi guys. My name is Mausey and I'm an emergency for god of. I live here in the UK. UK. Now I have a theory guys. It's not my science, it's just me and my theory. Okay. If you're from a place you're able to identify people from the same place easier than people who are outside of the place. You know? So if you're from the Philippines you're able to identify other people from the Philippines as compared to people or not from the Philippines UK. Of course. What I can really preach is diversity because one of my friends has lever energy. Another one has stray hair. One has more olive-tone skin. Another one has lighter skin tone. I look like I'm from the matrix doing the red pill blue pill but you can't make it like I do. People in the place know country is a monolith. People look different. But I also think that if I'm not from the Philippines maybe I'm not able to identify more common traits or features. But I would just like to make the point that even if you don't have these common denominator features it doesn't invalidate your identity as someone from the Philippines. It doesn't invalidate where you're from. In my life all I've seen is diversity when it comes. What is she talking about? She is justifying herself but she's not even answering the question. She's not even talking about Filipinos. Girl. People from the Philippines we look on this channel and we see that to me everyone is different but they're all from the Philippines and that's the beautiful human experience. And that's like it. Thank you bye. Hello I'm Shire from the pan. Filipinos as a people it's just like it's not diverse. Maybe it's just because of my lack of knowledge but for me Filipinos in other countries around Filipinos they have common features people from there it is similar to their Filipinos. Only my name is Rana I'm from Egypt. I've been living my whole life in the UAE. I've met a lot of Filipinos. In my opinion Filipinos have a lot of common in general either in their face features their skin tones even in their morals they're in interconnected people. Like rarely if you find a Filipino have a darker skin tone or a brighter skin tone they all have the same skin tone in my opinion also for their eye shape their nose mostly they look alike. Sometimes I have hard time differentiating between Filipino and Indonesian because they look really alike but in general in my opinion I find Filipinos have a lot in common even in their morals they're so friendly and kind. It's a rare thing to find a Filipino fronting in your face or not trying to help you. Hi there my name is Rana and I am originally from Mexico but I live in Toronto, Canada. I will say that I've been very lucky for past years I've met amazing Filipino folks or half Filipino folks here in Canada and hands down they are some of the most creative and hardworking people that I've had the pleasure of knowing. That in mind I guess it's difficult for me to talk about physical traits because I'm very aware that it does really vary on the person specifically because I've met people who might be half Filipino, half black or you know have different just features to what I might have associated in the past to Filipino you know the darker hair and darker eyes but nowadays I think again because of the people that I've had the pleasure of knowing I'm very aware that Filipino culture and race is not monolith it's not homogeneous and it's actually quite diverse. Hello it's me again I'm Anthony I'm living in Macau actually there are a lot of Filipino who live in here so during my observation they are sharing some common features similar skin tone example a housekeeper is a Filipino and her skin tone is a little bit darker than Magnus but whatever for me she just look like the same as everyone in Macau so we won't see her as a different thank you bye. Hi that is super short. We are an international couple living in Korea I'm half Greek half Ukrainian. I'm nice. We have a couple with the China and a couple Instagram so please check us out and now to the point what is in your opinion when you think about Filipino people how do they look like? The people from Philippine look cute. Philippine because they are cute. They are cute. And when I travel to travel I try I was shocked because it's true though people with big eyes are they tend to be cuter than the rest you know I don't know why it's like animals with big eyes they're so freaking cute. I thought like Filipino looks like different. Yeah but you know some people look like you know Korean. Oh some people have similar characteristics to Korean people. Oh I didn't know that since you've traveled I guess you know. Well in my opinion just from the Filipinos I've met and I've seen in my life. I don't have a really stereotypical view of them but I believe that they have some of the most healthy and beautiful and voluminous hair in the world. voluminous hair. And their hairline is amazing they don't lose hair. And men are fine like they have. Nah I don't agree. I don't agree. I have been reacting to Filipino videos for like six years now I've been talking to a lot of Filipinos. I have met Filipinos and I have noticed that they do lose hair the older they get and I'm talking about women too you know and yeah some of them have like beautiful thick lush hair and I'm thinking about I don't know Julian San Jose and a lot of other beautiful Filipinas but I've seen women you know within hair so they do tend to lose it when they get older. They think eyebrows and it's really nice but like the women men like they're gorgeous they're women. I think there are some of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in my entire life. I think today they have you know good skin. Oh yeah they're skin. They have no acne. Like their skin is just like okay that I can agree on I agree with them about this man the Filipino skin is incredible. Incredible because I've had the chance to like touch you know Filipinos and I have noticed how smooth their skin can be. It's seriously I was I was impressed you know I was like wow you're so freaking soft. How is that even possible? Like I I felt like I was touching a baby you know how babies are like super soft that's how I felt. It's flawless and I think they're really really creative and really positive and that makes them really amazing creators or you know influencers and they understand really outgoing yeah really outgoing really open minded and super creative. That's just our opinion though it doesn't mean everyone's like that of course. Hello my name is Alina I'm half German and half Spanish and you can find me on tiktok. It's so pretty. I have a few Filipina friends and for me they always look like the Asian version of a Hispanic person like darker skin full lips a little bit Asian features eyes. They were conquered by you guys so beautiful I love the tent look you know so when I think about a Filipino person I think about a tent Asian person with a lot of European Latin vibes. Yes that's that's a Filipino. Very pretty and handsome. Like all my friends on the Philippines are gorgeous. Hello my name is Ariel I'm from Singapore. So growing up in Singapore I interacted with a lot of multicultural people so a lot of people from various parts in Southeast Asia. I've obviously met a lot of Filipino people so a lot of them to me I can easily distinguish whether from I think kind of like for instance her like if you had told me that she was Filipino I think I would have believed you I feel like she has those type of Filipino features. I think if someone is Filipino or someone's from Cambodia or Laos or Indonesia but she's got those Filipino shout-out cheeks. If a person's Filipino. Firstly in my opinion I think Filipino people have very dark hair so they have very dark eyebrows very dark typically true typically yeah also very thick eyebrows and thick hair so that's one of the physical traits that I use to distinguish the second thing is that obviously because when Southeast Asia a lot of people are quite thin and a lot of Filipino people I've met are quite thin as well they also have more distinct features that I would generally pinpoint as to you know physical traits so a lot of Filipino people that I've met have they rounder kind of like a face where the show bow cheeks very sharp. True. I love her answer. Also kind of have rounder noses like more button noses that's of a high nose bridge but more button noses but I think one of the most exactly is obviously wall Asian but they have quite Eurocentric features so typically when I see Asian person but also they don't look completely Asian I would kind of second yes I want them that I would capture happen to be Filipino. Hi I'm Sari I'm from Indonesia. So far she's the one that actually answered the question of what do Filipinos look like to foreigners you know she focused on the physical traits of Filipinos because that is the question because most of the other people they went on tangents. Yeah to me Filipinos look like us in the nation I feel that we have quite many similarities in terms of the skin tone yeah official features and also body size eye style we have a skin eyes and probably because we we came from Asian and the Philippines is next to Indonesia we basically neighbor and probably we have the same weather and temperature so probably that so I and also it's not only that actually I have Filipino friends whenever I've been talking to them I feel that I'm talking to my fellow Indonesia. Oh that's sweet that's nice. Whenever we pull off a joke we just get it instantly. Filipinos likes to laugh a lot similar to us we just like to smile usually happy people. No conversation it's just like Filipino things and also our things Filipino in Indonesia I think quite many similarities not only in what I admire about Filipinos is that even if they don't have much it's not gonna stop them from living life to the fullest and finding joy wherever they can find it you know like they are usually very very happy. A physical look but also personality just like our foreign friends we Filipinos still have a divided opinion on what a Filipino truly looks like to some Filipinos is the diverse race highlighting the ethnic diversity of the Philippines with naturally kaya mongi Filipinos beautifully. I love you. Lider skin groups such as the mestizos and Filipino Chinese and many more groups with distinct features that encompass a single race. The other cover byans of ours being Filipinos defined by having big double-lidden eyes brown kaya mongi skin and notice which are labeled as pão which isn't really something to be ashamed of. In fact it's often heard in the number of Filipinos song and even books for school kids tackling the Filipino identity which all equate to the idea of a homogenous physical appearance of Filipinos. However if we were to say that the Philippines is a truly diverse country such as the United States, Brazil or Singapore we must then question why the term Filipino-pilipino which is roughly translated to very Filipino exists to describe the appearance of your average one. If you look into this map by the Harvard Institute for Economic Research created in 2002 we can see that the Philippines apparently isn't as diverse as our neighbors such as Indonesia, Thailand and Malaysia to name a few. But we also aren't as ethnically homogenous as Japan or South Korea which are the most homogenous in Harvard study. If we were to look at the closest census of the Philippines at that time an overwhelming majority of 95% of the Filipino population in the year 2000 were of ethnic Filipinos. A term that was used to describe the ethnolinguistic groups descending from Austrian-Asian speaking migrants such as the Tagalogs, Sibuanos, Lumads and the like. The most significant foreign ethnic minority at that time were the Chinese Filipinos followed by the mixed misstices. However it's important to remember that ethnicity like race is a social construct which simply means that it was made by people to supposedly make sense of things we find difficult to understand. So next time a foreigner says that a Filipino celebrity or even people like you and me either don't look Filipino or look very Filipino remember that a Filipino can look like this. Yeah this yeah this and a majority of us still look like this. But in the end we're all simply beautifully and wonderfully feeling Filipino. Yeah of course. Yeah that was fun. I enjoyed every answer but I feel like the person that really answered the question properly was the other I think she was South East Asian girl who also kind of looked like Filipino. So when it comes to myself when I started reacting to Filipino content I had heard of the Philippines but I had never really seen a Filipino before or maybe I had but didn't know they were Filipino. So when I started paying attention to Filipinos to be honest with you guys I could not tell the difference between a Filipino, an Indonesian, a Thai person or even Korean to be honest. I was like for now they all look kind of similar you know but with time I don't know I developed a sense of differentiation between those countries and now I can pretty much easily identify a Filipino because like they said they have that button nose they have the shout-out cheeks even their body type is pretty distinct. Well obviously if they start speaking because of the accent or Tagalog or something like that I can also tell it gets a lot more difficult if they are mixed for instance and usually man when Filipinos mix with another country they I don't know why but they are gorgeous they just are really really gorgeous and I'm not saying that like a 100% Filipino isn't gorgeous because there are trust me there are I mean even amongst the the ones that I react to I mean more set in my opinion she's 100% Filipino she's gorgeous right that's just one example like a Estrella that I reacted to yesterday I think she's beautiful but when they mix there is just something magical that happens you know when it just creates this like almost like model like person you know but yeah nowadays it's a lot easier for me to identify a Filipino so yeah but it's true it's true I think it's a very diverse population you know they have like lighter skinned polypinos and darker skinned polypinos and I think I think the majority are darker skinned polypinos but I think that Filipinos do not like to tan you know they they try to avoid the sun and I think that a lot of them try to do the opposite actually they try to whiten their skin to look like what they see on on on on TV you know you know or on the internet because you know celebrities tend to be lighter skin even if they are Filipino so that is the example that they have which is very unfortunate I think that white skin yellow skin black skin whatever is beautiful as a matter of fact my ex as some of you might know her a manger she was my co-host she was black you know or like mystisa you know because her dad was his white and her mom is black like from Cameroon so she was mixed but when you look at her you're like yeah you're black you know so all the colors are beautiful beautiful to me yeah so there you have it let me know in the comment section below your thoughts marami marami salamat po and of course if you found value in this video don't hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here