 Today we are with Edgar and where are you from my friend? I'm from Spain, Barcelona and I got intercepted by this guy here behind the camera so I'm ready to answer to some of your questions. That's awesome, man. So what brought you here to the Philippines? So actually I was living in Thailand for six years and like my company just relocated me here in Manila. So I've been here since January 2023 so I would say five months now and well so far it has been a great experience to the good. It has had like good size and like bad size of course. So I would say the first thing that it really shocked me here is having like seeing the traffic is insane. Public transportation is really not up to the standards I would say it should be. But there's a lot of like good things as well. Of course the weather is way better than other countries in Southeast Asia. Like it's not as hot and humid as other countries. Many people would say it is but actually not that much. And food wise is quite nice as well. Like especially if you come from Europe like you hear you can see many international restaurants but of course it's a bit expensive. But yeah like overall I would say it's a six point seven out of ten. You reckon that the public transportation here in the Philippines is worse than the ones that you encountered in Thailand? Yeah I mean like you have like a super nice like grab or like the delivery or like trains that go all around Bangkok so it's really easy to go from point A to point Z. Like by just by using like polytransportation like a sky train like subway system or so on. Here in Manila you have like one subway but I don't recommend this experience to anybody. Like it's packed and you would like have to wait at the queue for like one hour especially in rush hour hours. So yeah and also if you want to get out of Manila I would suggest like you have your own private transportation like a car motorbike or so on because if you have to wait for the public transportation you will have to wake up at like 2 a.m. or something like that. So yeah and what are some of the biggest challenges you faced as a foreigner living here in the Philippines? First of all this city never slips. Party wise can be challenging you you must have like a very I remind that you have to be I remind that because you can get lost into parties here. Second thing are like corruption wise or like it's it's very tricky this country so you really need to learn how Filipinos which are like excellent by the way do business so you need to like adapt and food wise you need to like to get that adapted as well yeah thank you so much for your time and that was amazing oh thank you very much for having the interview today we are with Jessica and where are you from? I'm from the Gold Coast in Australia originally but I just moved to Manila four weeks ago and what brought you here to the Philippines by the way? My husband's work he works in mining how do you like the Philippines so far? I love it it's um a third Asian posting so we were in KL beforehand and then Singapore before that and I love the Philippines the people are so nice so happy yeah so far so good and is there anything else that surprised you about the country? Not really I kind of knew what to expect having lived in Asia before but I think if you'd never lived in Asia and you came here from Australia it would be a bit of an adjustment just the traffic and the people and yeah it would have been a change but for me it was okay and what are some of the obstacles and challenges that you've encountered as a foreigner living here in the Philippines? Nothing too much so I mean traffic you have to get used to I don't think I could ever drive here because of the traffic what else I mean food personally like finding food options that I really like as a westerner can be a little bit hard but all in all it's it's really good where we really like it I mean which kind of food options have you you know struggled to look for in the Philippines? um okay so a really Australian thing to have for breakfast is like smashed avocado on toast with eggs and you can get that here but it's just it's not the same it's a little bit different so hey it's just a matter of getting used to it but otherwise the foods are awesome that's pretty much it thank you so much for your time yeah no today we are with Alex and where are you from my friend I'm from Barcelona Spain what brought you here to the Philippines? um love actually I fell in love with a pinai girl online and she's a lawyer she used to work right behind you actually and she came to Barcelona a couple of times before I came here I came here on holidays on 2017 vacation it was supposed to be just two months to visit her family and to meet everybody and then I never left it's been now almost six years for last month I went to Barcelona to visit my family but I hadn't seen them seen them in like five years so it was nice to see them again that's a six story I'm really happy for you so was it difficult to integrate yourself as a foreigner here in the Philippines? no no no but I think it's because of my my background um I actually um I lived all around the world when I was 20 years old I I went to Holland and lived there for two years then with my ex-wife I lived in in Africa in Brazil in the US in Taiwan so I lived all around the world and I'm used to being in a foreign country I actually enjoy it I enjoy being I enjoy I enjoy feeling like a foreign uh-huh but is there anything that you know surprised you about the Philippines or like any kind of culture shock? uh-huh nothing that was like well this is like too much to deal with no no no no like what I love of the Philippines the Philippines is actually the people like that you know people are so so nice so nice that's really like that doesn't really happen everywhere in the world that's really something that's very special very very annoying so in the six years that you've lived here what are some of the obstacles or challenges that you faced as foreigner living in the Philippines? uh nothing really made your actually like everything's been very very easy um yeah even at my job like I worked in BPO and it was easy to adapt even though I come from a creative background I was a graphic designer now I work in something that's really not related to that but it's I don't know like nothing nothing has been a struggle so far yeah I really like it here the weather at the beginning was a little bit of a struggle but then I got used to it and now I'm fine anything off the top of your head that you found difficult like not even that difficult just you know a trivial struggle maybe a trivial struggle yeah a traffic sometimes can be a pain yeah yeah and finding transportation is difficult sometimes I come from a place where Barcelona where public transportation is very very good it's everywhere very efficient and here public transportation is difficult to find not that efficient it's always very crowded so but you find ways around you know you can find taxes I have an electric scooter now so we have any piece of advice for owners who maybe want to live in the Philippines or you know just stay here for a bit um try it give it a try I wouldn't recommend the Philippines as the the if it's the first place that you go outside of your country I wouldn't recommend it because you know it's a developing country so there's a lot of things that you it's going to be very different very different to where you come from if you're a western but if you flip around in other countries and you're willing to try try it you know it's a great place to live yeah people are super nice the food is delicious things are affordable it's very chill yeah it's right thank you so much for your time that was pretty much it okay welcome today we are with Antonia and where are you from I'm from Croatia a lot of you've been in Philippines I've been here two months only yeah how do you like it so far I love it it's people are so kind the weather is a little bit hot it's so cheap it's convenient to leave I love it yeah what's it hard to integrate yourself here to adapt to the culture the lifestyle etc was it hard yeah actually no because a lot of people you guys are by bilingual right so a lot of people are very friendly and they will talk to you in English so I don't have to know Tagalog for that also as I said it's very cheap so I can afford myself whatever I want but it was hard like in terms of safety on the streets and things like that being foreigner can you elaborate a little bit on that yeah before I arrived here people told me like oh be safe with your phone with your like belongings expensive stuff so when I was walking on the street I was experiencing like get calling maybe it's from the kind side you know like but for me was not comfortable at all and yeah that's it I guess being in like areas that are not like for example BGC is very I don't know how to say sketchy no no no BGC is not sketchy but if you go to sketchy areas you need to be careful as a foreigner even as a Filipino from what I heard so and can I ask which place was that that you found rather unsafe it was in Mandalion my friend it was Mandalion and also Makat everywhere you go like you need to be careful in which like area if you go to like secret street it can be very dangerous so on the slams as well oh my god I never go there what are some can you tell me something that you found surprising about the Philippines surprising yeah so many trunk genders so many I don't have nothing against that support LGBTQ but I was shocked you know like in you don't you're not I just say I'm not used to it you know where I'm from very small country I don't live in Croatia but like we we don't have a lot of trunk genders the gay is a lot of gays as well like a lot of LGBTQ people are here I was so surprised was it also because of the fact that you heard that the Philippines is a conservative country and very religious no actually I know you guys are like Catholic mostly me as well and when I went to church I saw like gay people there and I was like oh my god this is so nice you know like people who usually in our church they say like no god doesn't love you if you are LGBT but here it's really I don't know it's very nice but I was so shocked I didn't I didn't know there's so many trunk genders and what are some of the obstacles or challenges that you faced as a foreigner living in the Philippines I would say zero zero people are so kind that you if you need help anywhere so what maybe a little bit uncomfortable is when I'm walking on the street and people have to look yeah you know so I cannot really stand out because we are already standing out as foreigners but it's very nice country to enjoy time make money eat good food for this amazing yeah so fed yeah yeah that was pretty much it yeah thank you so much for your time bye bye