 But you're Friday. The freshest. So welcome to another edition of Ascatching Up on Tiktok. So you take the tag as on. You know what you have between the two. This is something to talk to you guys. Keep tagging us on. Yes. And from a favorite place in the world at the moment in terms of voices, the Philippines. If you'd like to tag Bollywood more TikToks and stuff like that, go at WLSK15, on TikTok and Instagram. Yes. Let's begin with the first one. This is going viral. But like in like... Viral. Viral. Like I can't do a French accent. But it's like super... I can't. Viral. Bra. It's the same way I pronounce Quatsun. You know what I mean? By the way, they were like skipping class. So we do this. Notty, notty. Girl, what? Oh! She's beautiful. She's bloody moose and pleasant. She's got the look, she's got the voice. Oh, this is how I think. My eyes are full of love. I'm so full of love. You know what I mean? Oh, this is how I think. You know what I mean? Who broke her heart? She's out there singing with her whole freaking face smiling. But that voice sounds... This place has ruined my perspective Perception of the world and expectations They so mentor I now expect when you know what I going more see like shopping centers and stuff I expect to see someone in a karaoke machine. Well the wire and they doing that. Yeah. Why is that not happening? Here in the UK and I remember oh I walked back into reality. This isn't the Philippines dummy They're walking to a busy world thinking where is the karaoke machine. Yeah, I don't know what that's so crazy So how do you know they skip class? Oh, because it says it says in like cutting class path My go here. So maybe someone saying maybe they're not actually cutting class. We don't want to wrap them out Complete package. I agree look Lisa at least Oh I love this song. Yeah, I know this song Got them it only it's just the people gotta just doing their shopping and this was a normal this is a normal This is abnormal this is the normal with the app before it is this abnormal. This is a normal This is an abnormal She's like wearing a little school uniform was only she just like Maybe skip math class. Maybe she hated a physics teacher. You know what I mean? She come out here about to blast his soul About to just scream her heart out of all the frustrations of being 14 years old. Yeah into one song You know what it's there's a lot of stuff happening at 14. You think there's a lot of stuff happening There's a lot of stuff, but it's just chemical and hormonal changes The world hasn't changed one bit and you know what that changes their whole perception for sure for sure our voice dude her voice is a baseball Look at you You Why do we know this song Like Oh Do it What it's meant it is in it like when we're not what I we were you where we you What you when you are it's meant in my brain. It's he's insane Did by the way fathers watching guys? I wish we had a you know another camera so you can kind of see him Now I've had this only just set it up, you know, but yeah, but this is the first time actually fathers also looking have a little Look at some of these tip talks, but go next one Look at him To be fair I was just do that run though To be fair to the lad as well. I was just take that thing off I was just saying to ballet this videos and this whole YouTube channel and all that stuff and the podcast and meeting some of the Filipino You know singers and stuff has ruined everything for me because like now when I date Like it looks like I'm hosting an ex-factor audition Sing to me can you sing do you know Regina las gazes Bangaddam koangi big again It's rude my whole life I'm out here just, you know, talk dirty to me in Tagalog. And I'm not. And for us, change is whole, perspective of life. Look at me and speak in design. It always is, it's completely changed. I don't want anything if it's not harana. Exactly. But I haven't even been yet. It's just when you're so deep in sort of the music and a specific music industry, it changes you. But yes, brother, I do get you. Next one. On-bother people at the back. If this is with a karaoke machine microphone, imagine what you could do with a really well-equalized microphone. But again, it's just, look, people are just doing what they do in the background because people sing as they breathe. Bro, that freaking chorus is wild. Not only that, but her delivery. Like, even the breath control and where she was placing things and how she was anchoring certain positions of her body. And she's like, the kids are playing, the people are just chilling. This is just a normal afternoon activity. It's quite odd listening to me, because it's got the wind in the back. The guy has one of those fans. Yeah, it's just like living life. It's so, again, I don't know. It's completely, it changes your sort of perspective in some way. It will never stop surprising me, though. That's the thing. It will never just be like, oh yeah, it just is what is. Like, no, it will never stop baffling me. Yeah. That's just how it is. But also puts into perspective our so competitive, the industry, vocally speaking, is in sort of in a place like the Philippines. Yeah. Because it is a culture of singing. If you look, for example, at the dance industry, Latin America, it is a culture of dancing. So the dance industry is... It's really rough on competitive. Hi. But it's because it's intertwined with the culture. And as a matter of fact, then you have many sub industries that come from the whole dance. You have traditional dance. You have hip hop, you have commercial, you have like a dance dance. You know what I mean? So everything sort of becomes a subdivision of. And it is all basically born in the streets. Yeah, yeah. And in the Philippines, obviously, it does seem to be like this. I don't know how many stories, maybe someone can put in the comments of people that maybe did get seen while they were singing karaoke in a bar. And maybe an agent or a scout or whatever. There must be plenty of stories. Right. I don't know what they are. We've had the huge privilege of not only the conversations you guys have seen on the podcast on Fitch Friday Plus with some of these guys. And that doesn't seem to happen very often. I'm behind closed doors and like the talks we have with some of these guys. None that we know are sort of coming like that. I'm sure there must be some stories. But I don't know because this is obviously quite normal there when it is very abnormal. Yeah, she's got really charming, mannerist voice. Very beautiful. Oh gosh. That was so good. That was clean. That celebrates getting it back. But her voice is gone. Oh, just say goodbye. Bye bye bye. Girl, what a mess. It's so great. You see what I mean? That's how we intertwined. She brought the house there. With the people it is. They just say goodbye goodbye. You know, we saw my wife see you later. But she's how he built in her heart out. Oh my god. Mate. Next one. I love these ones. Oh, that's a way to flex. You hear that reverb? You hear that reverb? That's a actual filter on TikTok. In TikTok. Yeah, you mentioned what I was talking about. This is like reverb here. Like, what echo we think? No, they can put now they can use it as a filter on the app. Yeah. I see. So it's not actually like, oh, the room has been echoless in any way whatsoever. It's just a filter. It's raw, raw. Yeah. Crazy, right? What a vocal flex. That's a little fear. Oh, I love her. I like that I think it's her as well. She's feeling the power. You see what I mean? Levels, bro. And you're tuning in too. Future French station. You know what I mean? Like, it's so vibe. Wow, that's famous as well. Oh, have a stage mate. Woo! A sick... What? What? The staff was... Violet proceeds to be coming to a little... A little devil. Do you remember that character from Mr. Incredible? Or the incredible family? The little baby? Incredible. That's what they're really good at. That's right. I haven't seen many of these new movies. I've seen that one though. I've never seen the little mermaid. Oh, that's wonderful. You know the little baby. You guys, yeah. It goes crazy. That's when you sometimes remind me of you get angry. Huh? Does that make you read the pictures? Homeless. Yet adorable. Firey though. Firey! What is just what? Bro, it's hearty mate. When I know my sister's soul can't be by my love. Ugh. Oh man, man. I like how he holds a microphone this next. What? God, that's a good song. Philippine's man. God, it's time to sing for the number of... Oh, come on. No, what on the earth? So in the comments was like, yes I do, father. I don't know if that's related to the lyrics. Oh, right. That's what I mean. How do you know? I think it wouldn't have been related. It wouldn't have been more like, yes I do. Daddy. Exactly. Maybe it's a religious song perhaps. And then you're out here making fun really. I do go to church every now and then. Nice, nice. Mostly to play though, which is quite interesting. Lots of my most fun memories of church. Going there to play. Yeah, that's actually good. That's very good isn't it? I'm a good person. Stainful kids. Look at this one. It's like a whole family. Shot's up, he's the key. I'm gonna say. They're all like... No, okay. What a flex. Mama. Who did that? Mama. Welcome to the hotel. Bloody love that song. I was thinking of her. I forgot. Come on. Sit you on the face. Sit you on the place. Go back. Yeah. When I hear the harmony. Even dad singing. I've loved the little boy. I've loved the little boy. I've loved the little boy. I've loved the little baby just playing in the background. Even the baby is not chill. Ah, Lord, she's ridiculous though. That's very interesting because you can have a look. So the more modernistic approach to singing. Or jamming even whatever you'd like to call this. And then you see, you know, because all generationally, what you do see it, what you do seem to have, is the older the generation, the much more disciplined approach to singing actually. And then, you know, as youth, there's no guarantee of innovation. However, youth does provide the bravery to attempt to innovate. And that's all what you do see here. The girl is really good at recreating that, bringing that youthful sound into such a classic. It's ridiculous though, her dexterity. I think that's such a good depiction though. Picture wise, you can really see the generational impact of the singing culture of the Philippines. Plus, if a kid is not reacting to something, it's because that shit is super normal in that house. Exactly, this is just another freaking hangout. You want to know that they do this all the time, and not for their views and all that stuff, and though that's very bloody famous. That's like a million views. It's because the kid is just how he playing with his sausage. I don't always play with him. You know, it was funny though, he was kind of like miminalong. When everybody was singing, he was kind of mimin too. I was like, this kid. I think he's playing with that thing. You stack on your ring looking things. I don't know why everything has to be food, but you remember that poll you used to count to go things. You're completely hungry. Bam, you put the thing in there. And you count yourself for maths. Right? Yes. In other words, it was a torture device. Listen, this is a flex. I'm not a fan. Oh, come on. Can't. Oh, what's going on? What a full set. I'm not a fan. I'm not a fan. I'm already singing along. Yeah, oh my god, yes. Bro. Can. I mean, that is a full set. It looks like it's a wedding or something. It is. But also some chairs are stacked up in the back. No. Maybe they're leaving the wedding. No, no, somebody said the person who tacked me on this set, this was like a sound check before the wedding started. So they were like the band in the wedding. The wedding band. Yeah, the wedding band. That's right. But oh my god, imagine if you're just like, if it came down like the aisle, you're coming to like the gathering place where everybody's just coming to congratulate you and whatever thing. And can this hour there, you know, singing his heart out. And you're like, oh, you're great. Well, overring it, you know. What a vibe. I'm interested then. Because obviously one of our good friends, Adonis, he does a lot of wedding stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, stuff. With his band. So, I mean, they, I mean, Tricked actually haven't looked that closely. Like maybe what their whole set would be. But I mean, Tricked into what a wedding gig would be like in the Philippines. Yeah. In comparison to like the West. Like if you do a wedding gig in like in the UK, it's not really like like. Shield. Like this. No. And also, like you have, I mean, the last one we did was like a sound limiter. There was sound limiter and stuff like that. So you can't really bash. But they like like, if you're in the UK, they like obviously, bright pop. And all this, you know, sort of a disco music. And if you're in the US, they also depends like who the weddings for. Yeah. And maybe where that person is from. And that matters a lot because sometimes it goes more jazz and blues. Sometimes it goes more Latin afro Cuban. Yeah. Sometimes it got, you know what I mean? So it's really intriguing to see them in the Philippines. I would imagine it's a lot of. Well, it's a cow apparently is very big. Well, they, they, they common denominator for wedding bans is. And they can be a sound limiter, mate. They're gonna belt. You got a belt. They're gonna belt their hearts out. You got to. Yeah. And I don't, I don't, they're gonna play jazz. No, I'm probably gonna play bass. Balance, yeah. No one stop. I think so too. Anyways, you let us know. But if you want to keep paying me on TikToks, please do. I enjoy this video. If you guys bloody hell, there's gonna be 50 million volumes of this. But anyways, guys, this is always pleasurable. And goodbye. Bye. I get nervous. I get nervous.