 Future Friday. The Freshest. Tawak meng tahalang is like a legacy TV show. You didn't know this one this deep, so... I had no idea. So you guys sent me a message explaining when the first Tawak was televised in 1954. What? So I did a little bit of research and I tried to find out who was one of the first champions who was ever built a career out of the whole competition singing and television. And so Nora Aunur came around. So we're going to check out some of the pinnacle moments of Tawak in 1954. This shows the old as hell. So this is like her winning song. Nora's winning song in Tawak. It's a life recording of a TV like what happened, life. She was like 16, I think. Done. How great is that? Oh, in 1967 she won. This is like bands, live TV, everything live. Oh yeah, back then auto tune or pitch correction wasn't a thing. No, no, no. Not that Tawak uses it. After the show production, people, the judges and friends extended their conversations to the winners and posted this through to any of the pitchers. In front, proudly, beaming and holding the trophy. She's Elizabeth Legasima. This year's winner and Nora Aunur last year's winner. How freaking crazy! Man, that's like legacy stuff. What a soul. She must be like what, 17? Around that age, I think. Presenting the past and present, power and anthahalic challenge. Her career skyrocketed after this. What an audience. It's like a championship. Is that a holding school diploma? He is. Looks like a graduation picture. He said gorgeous hair, story. This is like Piliita Corral, is that? It is, it is. Where do you see them? Probably, they definitely sunk together, that's for sure. You know what's funny, Bali actually found the video. This is her performance of her backing when she was 16 years old. When she was doing press. Listen, listen, I did some hair research. What a voice. I don't know. It's still bass. Oh nice. Finish on a freaking major chord. And yes, of course, it found more. This is another video. Her story. This is her music video. I think this is the song that wins a tag. Moonlight becomes you. I think that's the song that makes her a champion. She's still, she's 70 years old. She's an actress, is it, huh? Looks great though, my God. She's done a ton of movies. That's so cool. She did one in 2012. She says Nora Cabaltera Villa Mayor. Damn, what a name. Nora Cabaltera Villa Mayor. Popularity known as Nora Audnor is a Filipino actress recording artist and film producer. She's also been to the moon and back. She's, our Nora has also appeared in several stage plays. Television shows and concerts. She is from the city of Iriga or Iriga. Philippines. No, it's my God. It's just fabulous. So her career actually was launched into, into fruition because of that work. She won the Order of National Artists of the Philippines. It's an order bestowed on Philippines nationals who have made significant contributions to the development of Philippine art. Members of the Order are known as National Artists. Jesus Christ. The President gave her an award. Wow, that's so cool. This is the winning song. Okay, so this is like, alright, just watch. I love this video. I want to be able to email, to not get blocked for this. I have no idea. This is like nearly 100 years old. It wasn't even CB. It wasn't even CB, a ABS CBN yet. Somebody else takes over. My God, they're freaking angles. Ooh. It's so great. It's so great. Also, they're maturing her voice. That's not much what we're seeing. How is she 16? No idea. How was she 16? It's so great. What a fantastic scene. What a fantastic song. I feel like it's from Sported. You really are moved to another time. Oh man, the good old days. Right, I have got what's in the light. I missed those days. What? I guess her father was like barely born here. Yeah. He must have been like three years old. Literally. He wasn't even born. He wasn't born in two years. I don't know what I'm talking about. When was our father born? Has he come back from getting the milk yet? What am I to be listening to this? I want you to know it's a guess because there's light. I'm going to be in the music right now. I'm going to be in the music right now. I'm going to be in the music right now. There's such an nostalgic thing about this. I have no idea why. The outfit. Come on, dog. My God. It's absolutely phenomenal. Again, I just thought it was a cool piece of trivia that I thought I dig into a little bit further Because it's, you know, how fabulous it is to go back in time like this. So, Towerwork began in 1954. That's right. And the first incarnation, which is 1972. And the second incarnation is then taken by ABS CBN. But before that, yeah, before that, it was owned by a different TV network that was D-W-U-something. What? Yeah. Really? Mm-hmm. I see. Oh, yeah. D-Z. Ah, there you go. A-Q TV. TV. Now, D-W-X TV, which is whether we have the same logos ABS. The flagship. Oh, it's part of the network. Well, ABS just owns everything, isn't it? Well, yeah. They do. They do. They do. They do. I see, right? Very cool. I see. Isn't it freaking awesome though? Oh, good video, my adios. I don't know how fun this was to watch, but it's actually super interesting for us. And I think it helps a lot for us to learn, like, legacy. Legacy? Legacy shows, like this one, and to learn the actual stories, the actual history of it, and to learn some of the biggest stars at the time that perhaps now we would have never been introduced to if we did not do some research and some of you guys sent us this specific links. So thank you so much for that. Thank you so much for reigniting that curiosity. And like, helping us understand how deep it runs. The culture of singing competitions and singing in the Philippines.