 You know ultimately I think it's pretty common advice right? I would say what's the good habit of mine? What's a habit that you think a lot of Filipinos share with each other? Oh, that's easy Hey everyone today I'm gonna go on the street and ask foreigners that live here in the Philippines How they went about creating habits abroad since moving abroad make sure day-to-day life completely different I thought it would be an interesting topic to ask people about I also made a separate video about how I am gonna go about creating habits and also kind of explain the signs behind the habit building process so if you're interested in that then I will leave a link below in the description so you can check that video out as well But for now let's go on the street and ask people right so introduce yourself My name is Mike. I'm from New York City. I've been living in Philippines for seven months Seven months. Yeah, we were in Sabu for like half a year and we just moved to Manila. Okay recently. All right So yeah, what's your name? Math math math right way from United States Indiana. Okay, exactly. You live here or? I'm kind of back and forth. I'm a missionary here. Okay. This is my fifth time here, but I've been here for Since New Year's Eve, so for about two months. So I'm doing a video about habits So the first question is like what's one habit that you always you're always able to like stick to? Like a good habit. Yeah, okay, so a good habit right? Usually I'm thinking of a bad habit Right, so what's the good habit of mine? I Would say a good habit would be since I moved here is like always being myself, you know like the same way I met my home. Yeah, so like whenever I go out I'm always talkative meeting people acting the same So I think that could be a habit and no just keeping your character when you go abroad because you know some people They come over here and then I know they act totally different or they get like a wrapped up in a different lifestyle So yeah, I think keeping my character the same as a habit. I have one habit. Yeah, well for me it's reading my Bible Yeah, every every morning. I'm up. I'm trying to read the Bible. Okay, yeah What do you think that is like why are you able to always stick to it? It's just something I've made a made important to me and it's Just a priority to me. It's very close to who you are. Oh, absolutely. Yeah, it's a defines who I am Sure, okay, then what's like one habit that you're having you're having difficulty sticking to like a good habit That you want to create but you have difficulty creating waking up early That's my bad habit is waking up early. So yeah back home I worked at like a nightclub in New York So I'm always like up all night like the whole night. I get here and I was like when I first got here You know the time is swapped so I'm getting up earlier But then I'm reverting back. So yeah getting up early is bad habit Okay, and then what's the habit that you have trouble with like creating? Probably working out working out Just I mean trying to find a gym wherever you go or just you know things like that. Yeah, right Why is that? Just because I'm a creature of habit. Yeah, okay When I'm at home, I have a gym that I go to there's a regular routine that I go to right and then when I come back overseas Yeah, it breaks out habit. That's why I have to kind of reestablish that and what's the habit that you think a lot of Filipinos share Like that you found so far Habits a Filipino share it's almost like you know cultural yeah cultural I think The way they celebrate Birthday parties or any other occasion. Okay. They usually it's a big family event. Yeah I mean, yeah, that's like a yeah, it's like a hugely and I've realized here. Okay, okay So I think karaoke right right Yeah, would you say that like your current habits are very different or very similar to the ones in the US? I Think they're pretty similar now I mean it usually takes me about a month to get into my group. Yeah, it takes about a month Yeah, it gets to be pretty similar. Yeah, I would say it's the same like honestly and surprisingly Doesn't feel that much different living here than back in US like at first It was like a little weird like a little bit of a can you use profanity on your channel or not? It's a little bit of like like mind blown, you know, so yeah, it's a little weird, but overall it's pretty much the same I would say they have any advice for building habits any advice for building habits I think a routine right that's like the most important thing of a habit is you gotta just do the same thing Even if you don't want to do it right like muscle memory like brain memory getting used to being in a routine So yeah, if you're having trouble with a habit just keep doing it even the days you don't want to and if it's a bad habit stop doing it even the days you don't want to and you know eventually you're gonna get used to that routine You know, so that's about it. Yeah, so then the last question is like do you have any advice for someone else that wants to create habits and like something that Really helped you when it comes to that? I think it's probably important to Number one, I mean it's making a priority, but then You just may have to force yourself to do something. Yeah, just realizing where you want to be What's it gonna take to get there those steps and then once you establish those steps? You just do it and once you begin to do it long enough it becomes comfortable comfortable to you and don't be afraid to step outside your comfort zone to try stuff new So okay, thank you. Thanks. So what's your name? Can you introduce yourself? Ira? Yeah, yeah, where are you from? I'm from the US US. Okay. Have you do you live here or? Yes, currently. Okay. How long have you been? Like eight months. All right. So what's your name? It's Jerry Jerry and you're from Mexico originally raised in California. Okay. Okay. So you've been living here for 18 years 18 years. Okay, and because you have a wife here or We have two kids that are running around right now. All right. Nice. Nice Yeah, the first question would be like what's one habit that you're able to stick to no matter what like no matter the situation The location you're able to stick to just one habit. I think in the in the since the lockdown. Yeah, waking up at like four or five a.m Okay, and getting outside to walk right. Yeah. Why is that why you think you're quite This is a great place to live as you can probably tell we've lived here for 10 years now, I think okay, but During the morning, it's amazing. It's very quiet. You see the sunrise. Get a good cup of coffee. Yeah, you know And it's just my my get my mind together Time nice nice. I would say like my schedule. I'm like pretty keen on keeping like Like waking up early like wake up at like 9.10 a.m. Like it doesn't matter if I'm here or back in the States Okay, so then what's the habit that you have you have difficulty with sticking to? Being a digital nomad. Okay. This is a complete office right here. Yeah multiple monitors batteries double Wi-Fi's yeah, and I think I miss being in an office. Okay, so I think the habit is like to be disciplined right right? Yeah, on your own right not having somebody say you're late or yeah, you know Time to go to lunch stuff like that and then what's habit that you aren't able to stick to like a good habit You want to you know I diet. Okay. My diet is so bad and especially like living in the city here I have like unlimited options at all hours of the day. So it's like screws up my diet completely Right, right. So you think that's the reason why like you just have like unlimited options there or That and I'm like a impulsive so I can't say no like when I want something I just go get it so What's a habit that you think a lot of Filipino share with each other? Oh, that's easy Being late being late. They're expert. Yeah, yeah Good I was just gonna look at my wife right babe. Yeah So yeah, yeah, um being Mexican and I mean I'm registered here as a Mexican We call it Filipino time and Mexican time because the cultures are very similar. Yeah, so it drives me nuts in Mexico and it drives me nuts here Okay Are your current habits very different compared to the US or they're similar in like a lot of ways or I would say Similar but different because in the US I was living in a suburban community so I didn't have the options to order out anytime I wanted to But similar like the impulsive decisions were like I couldn't stick to my diet Okay, okay, yeah, most definitely I mean For instance my wife and I were just talking about how early do I need to leave to be at a meeting at Shangri-La tomorrow, right? And so you have to really I mean if you're gonna be on time you have to be calculating about when you're gonna get into a cab or you're gonna try grab a cab, you know Right, yeah, you have to that's a common habit that I maintain okay, cuz you know I'm one of those people that doesn't like to be late, right? So you would say that most of your habits are still kind of similar in a lot of ways somewhat similar Yeah, I mean, you know age creeps up on you, right? I'm not exactly the young dad. I'm a late-term father But you know specifically I think here in Manila specifically It's traffic and time that you have to calculate and use wisely whether it's about the digital nomad or Having to commute it ends up being time. Yeah when we go to the province It's the opposite right the time slows down everything mellows out. Yeah, your your vibe is completely different. We used to have a second home Okay, and so the habits there were to get motivated just to do anything Well, so easy just to go down to the beach and kick it and chill out, right that you can never do an LA Okay, too fast moving right right and what advice would you give to someone else who wants to like build a habit like what's the advice that you can give? I would say I always see it online, but if you stick to something for like 30 days I I feel like that works like even with me waking up early. I wasn't always like this. I built that habit over time But with the diet, I just haven't been able to stick for that long. So Hopefully next time I see you it'll be for longer Okay, nice. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. So the last question would be like what's an advice you would give to other people willing to create new good habits in their new situation? You know Ultimately, I think it's pretty common advice right plan your work work your plan So whether you're trying to lose weight you want to get healthier you want to You know socialize more with your neighbors. Yeah, whatever you really just got to try to it's just comes down to discipline all the way around I mean, yeah, I don't think you know, I just turned 62 and you can't escape that fact. Yeah, all right There's two things I've learned one. There's one thing you can never get back and that is time Yeah, and then the second thing is being If you acknowledge that fact you got to use your time wisely, right? So that's the best habit. I think I would I think that's the one thing I've learned Yeah, all right. Thank you Where are you from another last? Yeah, because you have an accent Okay