 Hey everybody and welcome to the content, Junkie, Scott and... Vivi! Okay, so we have... Me as a channel and like I haven't shown you enough of the singers from the Philippines. Okay. Okay, so I find something new and this is called Land of the Best Singers in the World, the Philippines. Okay. So this is new for me as much as it is new for you. You're shaved today. Yes, I did shave. What? Chubby face. Chubby face. Thanks very much. Okay, okay, yes she doesn't like it when I shave. I like it. It's clean. I think it's a... I don't like it. Oh. Okay, so we're going to jump in this and we're going to probably talk over it. Probably not going to pause it that much. Um, so there's quite a few. It's 16 minutes long. So yeah. All right. Okay, let's help... Let's have a listen. You ready? Yes. Let's go. Gotcha. Ok. Female category. Fee, exhaustive, pit track All the mere dog and dog I'm not going anywhere, I'm going to be the shimena evermore There's no way I can ever say ever go down there, there's no way No, no, no, no way I'm living with her Okay, wait a minute, that was... she's got those squeaks She's got the same squeaks as what? You know, I'm going to talk to you after to drop that Okay, she's got the same squeaks, what was her name, what was her name, what was her name? Where is it? Simps squeaks As a... Morissette Amon Jessica Sanchez, American Idol Yeah, she has the same squeaks, which is same kind of squeaks I'm not going anywhere, I'm going to be the shimena evermore I'm not going anywhere, I'm going to talk to you after to drop that I'm not going anywhere, I'm going to talk to you after to drop that I'm not going anywhere, I'm going to talk to you after to drop that I'm not going anywhere, I'm going to talk to you after to drop that I'm not going anywhere, I'm going to talk to you after to drop that I'm not going anywhere, I'm going to talk to you after to drop that I'm not going anywhere, I'm going to talk to you after to drop that Read the un-deaf to say that you believe You're not going anywhere, you're not going anywhere I gotta pause it a little bit. You need to take the hex off when we pause it. I was worried then because it started she was a bit pitchy that last one. What did we know? She went a bit flat, she went a bit flat on her notes and I was like, oh and then she totally came back at the end of those high notes. That was crazy. I said I wasn't going to pause it but I have to pause it. It was just too many singers and if I can't talk about them, would you think? It's crazy. They've all got these crazy powerful vocals. It's outstanding. Let's get going. We're powerful voice! I love this song. So I'm gonna pause it again. So before I say this, I just want to say that I think the all these things are amazing but they're not like this that one there would benefit from having it dropped lower. I felt the song was too high for her. Did you don't feel that? It was just like very high. But she's still here. No, no, she still hits a note. So that's the thing. I was like, I know some people write this like what I'm saying. I'm not saying she's a bad singer. I just think that if she dropped it literally a half step, then it would be beautiful. That's a difference because there's many times when she's hitting those high notes then and she's it's kind of shrily and it's going over the top. It's too much. It's hard to control. I feel the out all very very very. They're all very high. I think this is I think there's so much power and I get it. I get it. Everyone's a show off. I remember like I always want to show off. You do when you sing and you want to show off. You want to hit those high notes and I've done it and I've gone out of key so many times and sometimes it's not about being safe. It's showing off a technique rather than bursting out of voice and being high. I'm not taking anything away from her. She's amazing. But yeah, some people might dislike that. I'm sorry. Sorry, she loves it. You could just be nice to her and be horrible to me. It's okay. We go. That's very different. You know her. Yeah To Yeah I want to be part of the enemy I know I'm the only one who can do it You're the only one who can do it You're the only one who can do it I'm so hard to do I'm so hard to do I'm so hard to do I'm so hard to do Oh, her sustain now holding the note Hold on a minute, I was great Did she auto-skew? Was she out of the key? No Could you hear me? Yes Okay, so go I can't do that No, no Sorry Oh, that's nice So no one comes at night To know the dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Can I see her? Is it? Can I see her? No, I can't see her now It's hard to get a good sign for this one Because this is clearly not... It's like in the room it could be a phone or... I don't know Probably, maybe it can be, but the sign isn't great She's going to high notes now Yeah, very high Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Is that the moment we were so in love now Dream of the free challenge all the way to life Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had He's all over it And he's all over it Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, my dream I had Oh, I love this song With the Houston And I love this song With the Houston And I love this song And I love this song And I love this song And I love this song I'm liking here her properly Blck,ckontē,ánt哪裡? Blck, نہیںz hein diy is et roe y S samo me kai Blck, chi ferme MAYOR I'm losing my voice just listening to this. I'm losing my voice just listening to this. Oh, Katrina Valley. We watched her. Oh, vibrato there. Jesus. I'm going to stop that just before the next one. So that was Katrina. We watched her. The three guys. I mean, I could see this counting down with the numbers. So now we're getting the last couple, those high songs there. These are nailing every single part of it. So I can see where it's improving. You can see where the others are trying to emulate what these ones are doing. It's just, Philippines is just like this powerhouse voice, female voice. Deva. I don't know. I cannot sing. I can hear your cue when you sing. It's cute. You can give me a horrible look. I said, you're cute when you sing. I did not say like this before. No, it's terrible. It's really terrible. But I love her. I said, okay, keep going. Oh, I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. She's crazy. She's crazy. I'm going to stop that. Okay. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. I'm going to stop that. She did some things with her voice. I need to get the charger. That was just crazy. That's amazing. Wow. This is real. I'm going to keep this in. I'm trying to get. I'm going to stop this. I don't want to stop this. I'm going to stop this. I'm going to stop this. I might edit that. This is crazy. This is crazy. Who's number one? Number one is. Number one is. Number one is. Number one is. Number one is. Number one is. Number one is. Number one is. Number one is. Number one is. Number one is. Number one is. Number one is. I don't know what. I haven't heard of these singers. Why are they not being seen around the world? I don't know why she's came to China to join the singer show. I've only done a lot of different stuff. More I said, I'm on there. How are companies and productions and producers not wanting to have that? That's crazy. There might be some stuff that I don't know about. I've never heard of them so I looked at them and found them through Filipino stuff. Last one. Can you read that? Regina? Regina? Agents Songbird. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I mean, her at the end, it was almost like she wasn't trying. It was like she was just talking. That's how she sings. More I said, she was singing that as well. I mean, we have to look at the men at some point. That's crazy. I've told you that I've seen so many Filipino singers when I was living in Dubai. They're all amazing. The men. I've always known a lot of male singers that are amazing, to be honest. I've seen so many amazing female singers. There's a lot of amazing high male vocalists. But I've seen but it's crazy. You just can't beat me. Yeah, what have you got to say? I like it. I know it's very wild. It's very wild. Everyone seems to have very high. Yeah, yeah. I mean, they were all amazing. I know I put a couple of critiques in the early ones. But they were still absolutely amazing. I'm not knocking them as vocalists. I just think what they could do to probably improve on it. Doesn't mean I think I'm better, by the way. That's an honest critique. Some people are amazing singers, but they make bad decisions by singing songs too high. They can just simply drop it a little bit and they'll sound out of this world. And that goes to show when we listen to the last few. That is smack bang on their key. They're able to hit those notes. Which I understand people wanting to sing high because they want to improve. But yeah. Guys, let me know what you think. I hope you've enjoyed this one. Probably could do some more Filipino stuff because you guys are actually really nice in the comments. You all say really nice things, which I actually like. And you've said a lot of nice things about my wife. So yeah. Thank you. Okay guys, have a good one. We'll catch you later. Thank you for this. And I need to try and find the male singer version of this video. Thank you guys. Bye bye. Bye bye.