 Future Friday. The freshest. The most like comment on the previous video of this one said, I'm almost 30 and I just realized that only the Philippines does this. Yes. Yeah, I was baffled up people thought that this happened everywhere else. He did not happen in my school. No, dog that didn't happen like it doesn't happen in South America. I went to art school. Well, that came and went to art school. Oh, we did do this in the freaking... In Europe as well? Yeah, why? It doesn't happen. I demand the refund. You guys were asking about this one, which is... And it's been 19, you know, show the Mapa song. Ah, okay. But your parents, it kind of fits the whole thing. Very beautiful. And everyone was like, please give that one a watch. We beg, even if it's the last one. Let's give it a go. Let's have a look. Let's have a look. Oh. La, la, la, la. La, la, la, la. La, la, la, la, la. La, la, la, la, la. He's saying, oh, my God. Oh, we even have a freaking harmony section. What's the name of the song? It must have been like pandemic time. Yeah. It must have been like... That is craziness. It's one of those like... Something that arranged themselves. Like, we wanted to do this. I... This is just my bugling to me. I... I... And people just... You know, yes. See, and they're all acting. But you know what's crazy about that. They're all actors. Well, obviously now we know this is fairly common. This is like... Everyone, both in their high school, university and second primary school, they do this. They want to move to secondary school. Yes, when you graduate from primary to secondary, like year six graduation, that's like a big deal you sing. You perform. Well... If it was the UK, like year 11, I guess, in secondary school, over there, high school, like your senior year, whatever the f... Senior year. You, you perform. Wow. Yeah, that, that's what I mean. Like, music in the Philippines is so much more intertwined to the culture that even, even people from the Philippines realize because in comparison to other countries, there isn't that much music out. No, definitely not. Just like, I guess art shows get contested. I sometimes, sometimes at the end of the show, at the end of the year, you get like that one talent show or like that spring musical. But this... This is like a ceremony. But I like this place better because it's way too open, so it's not as hot. It's different. Even though everyone's like... Yeah, I'm sure it's hot, but not that bad. Oh, and the parents are right there, right back. Right to see. Geez, like the chorus is you. Oh, yes. She's done it turned around, so I can see. Maybe they're really... Oh, see, I guess. But they're in sync, so in sync. Really? Show, come on, we're listening. Not normal. Dude, this is not normal at all. This is awesome. Also, man, this school... That is so cool! This is like a playground here, or like the basketball school. I was second-rate school, where we went together. I'm three years younger than Bali, so I was in year seven, which is like first year of second-rate school. This sort of playground, you know, that's where we had... I was seventh or two-hour school, yeah. So, Sima, I was just close to with some sort of fences. What do you call that? Fences? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Look at the music house situation. Also, can we have a room for their skirts? It's an all-girl school, right? Oh, no, it's an all-girl school, right? Oh, no, it's an all-girl school. Do you get here, they guys singing? Their uniforms are so much cooler than mine. They're beautiful. Blue. And it's the thing, right? You might think maybe this was the only performance, you know, that song, because Mapa obviously blew up. Wow, that's so much bigger. Wow! Yeah! Ah! Well, so many people, all they stand up and cue. There you go. Oh, my God. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. That's awesome. This one made you feel good. Oh, I think it runs to the parents. Ah, that's pretty cool. Oh, so, like, you put us first and you show us how it's done. Oh! There's so many people, though. That's crazy. How big is this high school? Yeah, they must be like 2000 kids today. That's a show. That's a show. Graduation is like... Yeah. Year, sorry. That is so freaking awesome, this. And they're still in tempo. And there's like a whole mass of people. Oh, coming back. Yes, because they're so many of them. They can use crowd control, move, missus. This must get really emotional. I'm not even gonna lie. This must get really emotional. Not only for the graduation party, but also for the audience. I'm trying to check if the guy lowers the bloody. The camera, yeah, the end is pretty hard. I think because this was streamed. Why? Oh. After the pandemic. I don't know, but I think, for again, it's like... It's like the Philippines, right? Yeah, it's the left of the pandemic. But it's like the Philippines, right? It's like, Facebook is ginormous. Life streaming is damn popular. And singing is bloody popular. So, even in your high school or your secondary school, you're doing a performance. Kumo, bro. He's going on Kumo. He's going on Facebook. That's just going on live. It's so normal, but it was so interesting to see. People in the comments section of the previous video, like really have no idea that this is in Nordramat. Exclusive to the Philippines. You know what people are saying? It is a tradition of most schools in the Philippines to have graduation songs, and every graduate will sing during graduation. That's great. You can ask any Filipino, what is the graduation song? That's like a theme of conversation. It's like a thing. And most of the time you can get an answer. You can see, starts to remember the days in schools. My batch was climbing, remounting from sound of music. I bet people did the climb by Miley Cyrus. That's like a big one. That's really, definitely. Graduation song was patuloi ang pan garap, imagine a singing high notes. That's so cool. That's cool. That's cool. Oh my god, and people replied. It was such an awesome comment section. Graduation songs are so normal. I still memorized five graduation songs, which we sang during high school. Thank you once again. You see this is the one that I like. Mapag, Crimson, Icaco. Every graduation ceremony here in the Philippines is a really big deal. Every batch from preschool to college has a unique theme song. And they'll remember and treasure for the rest of their lives. That is ridiculous. I could still remember my high school graduation song, somewhere from the West Side Story. Some 30 plus years ago. That's so cool. I bet is a conversation. I'm sure you had so and so song for your graduation. And they'll be like, no, I actually said this. That is so freaking fun. That's class people are saying, what the fuck, why are they harmonizing? Other countries don't sing graduation songs. What? Yeah, we don't. I don't know. In the UK, we definitely fucking don't. They probably even wear a strange. But I guess it's just more to do with kids being with, rather than anything. In America, you obviously get sold the whole idea of prom quite big. Prom is like, you go with your date. This is perhaps when you reveal that you've crushed on the girl or the guy or whatever. Yes, it's a big commercial deal. It's a big deal, yeah. But America does everything like that. That's very illustrative. Now, in the UK, it's like the watered down version of that. And it's actually, no, it's kind of like you went to a... Year 11 prom, which is your last year of high school. It was quite good. But it's kind of weird though. I must say, because it's like you are going to somebody's birthday party. It's very... Thank you dress up. You dress up really nice for, but it's like a birthday party. It's not... There's nothing special. You don't have a meal or anything like that. Okay, so even Venezuela, back home. You do, you do. You do? Yeah, you get that you do. But without your parents, that's so weird. Yeah, your parents are not around for this issue. They're still not allowed to go to the prom party. And there is no ceremony. And here in the UK, there's no ceremony of you graduating. Because like your GCSE results, you sort of get them in this envelope. And you go pick them up in the school and then off you go. That's it. There's no ceremony. There's no you past. That's crazy. Yeah, what you do, what you do, you can memorize sports really well. So like obviously, like, you know, I had to go to the ceremonies a lot every year. Because sportspers and whatever. Arts as well, it's like fairly well recognized. Like, oh, the act of the year. That's very cool. And then there's like from King from Queen. I get it. But no one really gives a damn. He's not a big deal. Yeah, back home. Okay, Alex, we're into the whole shebang. It's like a whole week of celebrations by home, right? So you have the graduation ceremony that is pretty similar to this. So everybody has to go up to the stand and retrieve their diploma. No singing, no singing. No singing though. Oh, music. No, there is music. But it's like, you know, background music that they put on for you to walk down. No copyright music from music. Basically, it's something like that. Some instrumental library or something. And then you have the prom party, which is like, it's like a whole is a very big deal. You have to go with your parents. You can invite like your family members, like the closest family members. You have like a plus two per person, right? And it's in like is usually in this really big holes. Hotels. It's like a huge big giant or it's like a ball. It's a ball. It's a ball. And then you have a sit down meal, a DJ or a band that come to play. And then you put your parents leave or they stay and then shake his mind. And you party up until like the sun comes up. Yeah, maybe. But it's a more Latin thing. I think Latin people are just, they're just any excuse to party. Of course, you have to dress up to like the A plus. You have to wear a ball down. But then all the women like past 1 p.m. 1 a.m. So they take the shoes off. Oh yeah, they. Oh, come on, man. Keep them on.