 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Fez and this is the commodity and today we're reacting to top 10 best festivals in the Philippines and this girl that we're looking at is stunningly beautiful. We were recommended this video by quite a few people in our comments section so we figured we'd go ahead and check it out. I'm excited to check it out but before we do go ahead and click the like button to help get this video out to more people. Also if you would go ahead and click that subscribe button and the bell notification icon that way you will see our next videos if this isn't deterring you. Also click the join button below if you'd like to help support the channel even further so let's go ahead and check this out. Let's do it. She's just amazing. No matter what month you travel there will be a festival that you will surely enjoy at different times. In that respect are many festivals in the country throughout the year and that's for a month. That's a beautiful outfit. Mm-hmm. We're so ornate. The world. It's weird because they have the mask. Yeah it'd be a lot less weird if it was for the mask. She wrote the top best festivals in the Philippines that you definitely don't want to miss. 10. Giant lantern festival. That's dope. I like things that we like. This is an annual festival held in the air. I think that's like an American thing. We love that kind of stuff. The Campanga in the Philippines. It features a giant lantern competition. Which is why it is called the Christmas capital of the Philippines. Mm-hmm. There's also a 15 foot diameter lanterns that showcase in a parade in its burial before the midnight mass on Christmas Eve. Which part of the celebration of the festival on Christmas Eve? That's cool. Yeah. It looks like he's just like a strongard and that thing. He's like a godfeng. 9. Mascara Festival. A festival celebration of the city of Smiles, Bacolod City. The Mascara Festival is filled with people wearing colorful masks, design with feathers, flowers and native beds. Masks freak me out. Yeah, that's exactly what I was thinking. I'm like this is kind of triggering some anxiety. It's just it's creepy. I mean it's super dope. I'm sure this would be an ordinary night. If I had a mask on it would be okay. No, it throws me off. No, if I was walking around with a mask as well, I'd be okay. But if I'm the only one without a mask, I'd be a little triggered. It's I think it's triggering the same thing that like clowns do for a lot of people. Yeah. Like clowns don't bother me oddly enough. But this is kind of scary to me. Like and I'm not trying to belittle it anymore. The Mascara Festival name came from the Amy first mask, which means most people. And the Spanish word, Kara, which means face. This is to raise this period of theologians after the show. This was scary. These are scary. I think it's because a lot of horror movies. Yeah, Western horror movies have masks like these. Yeah, I betcha that's exactly what it is. It's it's like been implanted into Westerners' minds. Yeah, this is creepy, but it's not. It's like dolls. Yeah, like I'm sure like a doll is creepy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You will surely enjoy 20 days of beer drinking, it's straight dancing and relaxation. If you find it creepy, let us know down in the comments. We don't want to feel like we're actually like stepping on somebody else's beliefs. Oh, it's just different. I don't think that it's just it's not bad. Yeah. The municipality of Antelun begins celebrating CERONG in 2004. The day before the town's festival attended by other nearby municipalities in Solicau. It marked the Christianization of the early cantelangnoes. That's beautiful. Yeah. The festival features a competition dance between the Muslims and the Christians. Whoever wins the best dance in the festival brings home a cosplay dance off. It's always down general. It's true. And religious celebration claimed by several towns that it originated in their municipalities in Solicau, Telsu. Who won last year's dance off? Well, there probably wasn't one. Oh, because of COVID. There's a Christian religion. I was literally talking to my dad. I want to say it's a... Is it like where dancing is like not a thing. Like it's kind of forbidden within the religion. I want to say it's what's the big one that's in Utah? Your Mormons. I want to say it's Mormons Hmm. Sounds like a song. Mormons don't dance. They boogie. I'm not dancing. I'm boogie. Seven. Pintados, Cassadian. That's like a... This is another religious celebration called the name of Santoninho, Carl Vinta-Cloban city. The term Pintados is coming from what the tattooed native warriors of Lady were once called. It expresses the rich culture and vibrant history of Lady of Parallel. She got some cheekbones. I think that they showed that picture earlier before they started getting into the different parts of the world. The dancers paint their faces and bodies with vibrant colors. Those are very, very beautiful. That's insane. That's what that is. They do portray the many traditions people of Lady of Parallel before this punish era. She looks like a statue. Like I'm picturing a dubstep behind them dancing. Yeah those are crazy cool outfits. But he is festival. But he is festival. But he is one of the most amazing fiestas in the nation. It falls on the 5th day of Sanisidro Labrador. The patron saint of farmers express gratitude for a good and abundant harvest. It is celebrated in Luqban, Casson. Tourist, tall, so witnessed colorful parades on the picturesque streets of Luqban, enjoying a variety of cultures, unique indulgences and cooking. That's all different vegetables. And fruits. And fruits I'm sure. I can't. I mean. Yeah like that's a pineapple. Is that what these are here? Yeah I'm pretty sure. That's insane. The whole entire thing. Except for right here. Of course those look like what is it? Garlic. Yeah. From here it looks like little garlic. That's really cool. I dig that. That is awesome. That's a lot of vegetables. Yeah. In art. The decorations are detailed in all the homes. Are torn with moss, intricate elements made from rice wafers, of all things. This is really one of the most spectacular we have experienced. The privilege of being a part of it. This looks cool. This looks like it would be a fun festival to attend. They all do but that one seems like more of a social event. Yeah. I agree. As opposed to sitting or watching a festival. It is a colorful festival celebrated on the island of Marin Toucan, the Philippines. Marion refers to the helmet of the people dressed as Roman soldiers while Marionius refers to the people who dress as these Roman soldiers. The festival is characterized by colorful Roman costumes, painted masks and helmets and brightly colored tunics. The towns of Goa, Gisine, Santa Cruz, Venavista and Mugbog on the island of Marin Toucan have been a massive stage. And small Filipinos do not work on Halloween. And this event follows the schedule of Halloween. Many local sustain Marin Toucan to celebrate the festival. How about that's a pretty powerful event. We have sure it is. Four. Panagbanga festival. Panagbanga festival. One of the longest festivals in the Philippines. Panagbanga is a local cancan A term in Cordilliera, which means a season of blossoming or a time for blooming. Panagbanga is celebrated throughout the month of February in Baguio City. This month highlights the season of blooming flowers. At the same time, this is also a commemorate. Arrays from the disaster use, 1990 earthquake in Luzon. The festival comprises floods that are covered mostly with flowers. It also includes street nunseng, presented by dancers clad and flower inspired costumes. We need a springtime festival. I'm sure there's a bunch of them. You just gotta pick which city you want to go to. Three. Tina gyeong festival. Tina gyeong. Tina gyeong festival is one of the biggest festivals in the country. This is when Ilo-Ilo will take the street festivals to the next level. The city is changing all its streets into a market. See, this has a lot of like native American to me. And everyone is invited. Obviously, different dishes are overflowing as bansplay in Italy. People, but still, obviously, yeah, obviously not native American. It gives us the final. The senator will be a great dance contest. Tina gyeong was voted as the best tourism event three times in a row among any other festivals in the Philippines. It is also the most awarded festival in the nation. Due to its legacy, popularity and innovation. The headdresses are beautiful. It gets an honor to be considered the world's best festival. It's like an eye. Yeah. It's the third eye. I see. Two atiatihan festival. Atiatihan. Like every time I'm just like, flipping it and like. The mother of all Philippines festivals. It has fronted many other Philippines festivals including in the long festival of the blue. And Tina gyeong of Ilo City. Both adaptations of the Calibos. See, something about like the face paint doesn't throw me off. It's the mask. Like, same for the guys that were wearing the thing. That kind of creeped me out too. Yeah. Like the the the Roman or the the Jews or whatever. I guess they were Roman soldiers. Yeah. Atiatihan festival. This is another festival to honor. I like the colonial. Yeah, a bunch of high-ranking people take to the streets booking their traditional costumes and wave-ones. And painting their bodies in black. Participants march and dance throughout the town. Much by loud drums beats. This festival will certainly make your heart dance while enjoying a trophy in a atmosphere. She doesn't look too happy. Yeah. And he's like, Mom, just let me go home. Yeah. Synologue. I love Emerald Green. Yeah, they're returned Sunday in January. He is the largest and most visited festivals in the country with a full-day parade and festival. Celebrating the face of the child Jesus. Santaninio de Cebu. With the ritual dance to the beat of the drums and street parties. Usually half-aening at night. The festival is considered to be one of the most popular festivals in the Philippines. Yeah, the dance. With its festive ball. She's beautiful. But you're only a trocking approximately one to two minutes before having a cross with the names of the year. Yeah. Well, she's more to the left so your face would cover her. Even better. You're getting dessert of applause, vibes. Mm-hmm. I am a good coach. Yes, do. Those are some super cool festivals. Definitely would be worth attending. Yeah. Or like even going into more detail like in-depth videos on these festivals. I agree. If you guys have any, tell us what your favorite festival is. And if you have a video that kind of goes into depth on the meaning behind the festival and you want us to react to that, let us know in the comments. Yeah, absolutely. I would love to see more into it. So we're going to try this again. I've done this in a couple other videos and I've been struggling. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button. It helps the YouTube algorithm distribute our video to more people. If you want to see our future videos, hit the subscribe button in the bell notification. And if you want to support us directly, hit the join button and join our members program. And with that being said, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. Thanks for watching, guys. Peace. I don't know what to do. Out. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do with my hands. I don't know what to do with my hands.