 This is Boracan. The most famous island in all of Asia. Camusta. Hello. Hello. Today is a video with Just Me and I am on the best beach in Asia. This is Boracan. And as you can see, it's a very quiet day today. It is 12 in the afternoon. And so not many people go out when the sun is at its peak. So that's why I have like a very quiet white beach out here today. Boracan was recently awarded the top island in Asia by the Kondi Nass Award. Boracan was also named at number 8 out of 10 out of the top 10. So that's amazing. Two Philippines islands. Boracan was named at number 8 out of 10 out of the top 10. So that's amazing. Two Philippines islands. Boracan is a very famous island. Boracan is one of the top 10. So that's amazing. Two Philippines islands in one award. And it's not hard to see why. The beach just goes on forever. If you haven't been to Boracan yet, it is definitely like a trip of the life time. We're lucky enough to live on the island. Not for long. We definitely get the perks of living here on the island. And because it is a quiet day, there's not many people. During the sunset, you can see tons and tons of people taking pictures along the water with the golden sun. I think another benefit of why this island won the number one island in Asia is because of how much beach they're really is. Like I'm currently walking on my beach. It stretches so far back and it keeps going all the way forward. As you can see almost every storefront is now taken. When once before, you would walk down the beach and you would see many empty buildings. Either for rents or for sale or just not being redone. The most beautiful beach in the world is the most beautiful beach in the world. Probably the greatest thing is that there are so many other beaches as well on the island. Obviously most people come to Baroque for the white beach. Station 12 and 3. Look, it's a beautiful place. But obviously we live in Tami-san. And so Tami-san also has its own beach. You can go to the other end of the island and you can get a hook up beach. All of these are just beautiful beautiful beaches. And they're like walking distance away. No matter where you are on the island, you can probably walk to a beach. And though we are leaving Baroque in December, we are really, really glad that we lived here. It's we were spoiled by the beach field. If you can live on this island, I definitely recommend it. But we are also excited to eventually go to Palawan, which is number 8 on Needless. For the top, basically like the top 10 islands in Asia, two of them are in the Philippines. And we are excited that we lived on one. But now we also got to visit Palawan, which is another one. Look how cool these are. As you can see, there are still tons of construction happening all around here. Especially in Dement, tons of places are up and coming. So that's exciting. It's good to see. It's great to see. And it's gonna be good. Alright, that is all for today. Time to take my food and head back home back to Palawan, which is my side of the beach. I'll see you next time. Make sure you subscribe if you have not. And catch our latest videos. See you later. I can meet a famous cow when they go what they do. And now I feel it and take a knife, find a place with a view. The famous never gonna stop if it's controlling you. I know the talking. Is that a banana in your pocket or a herb? Are you happy to see me?