 feature Friday. The freshest. Yeah. Yeah. So, talking about flip top. So flip flip top ballet is like, this is what I'm a bit like, I mean, I hope you enjoy this. Maybe we're... This is the pedal rap that we were talking about earlier. And Mark Grist, he is actually British. I actually don't know what part of Britain is from. And this is all in English. I thought he sounded pretty posh. Like very Londonesque. But in the wall-spoken area. Probably might be from London. Who knows? I don't know. Not cool. But he's a rapper. Yeah. He battle rap, yeah. So, for you, like battle rap, which when I played a second of his, because I was just looking when it began, ballet was like, oh my god, he sounds like spoken word. It does. You have to understand that, like, so battle rap and then hip hop, they're a bit... Not different, but it's, you know, one of them doesn't necessarily need music and then the other one does have a beat. And the beat is a big deal for me. And then you also have battle rap with music, right? Where you have like a DJ that's like that whole scene of like a email that everyone knows. That shit's real. It does happen. You probably don't... Yeah, you know, you actually even get bars at that level. Like, your... Because obviously it's a movie is prescripted and everything. But you do get bars at that sort of level, that sort of advanced stuff. And but in this type of battles, imagine it, like, you're having an insult battle basically. Ah, okay. Like a par. You know, like, when you, when you, you didn't go to school here. When you... Someone's like, I'm using you verbally, but you're trying to give it back to them. It's like an argument. It's like a debate, essentially. Okay. But your job is not... It's not... It's to be the witiest who comes up with the smartest thing. Which certainly parts of it. Okay. But I think you're trying to convince the audience and portray to the audience that there is no way in hell that these guys in the same level as you. All right. That he's illiterate. That's essentially what you're trying to... You know, and that's when he comes... That's when you see similarities of spoken word. I have seen a few episodes of Flip Top. It's very, very fucking popular. And I actually never knew that it was from the Philippines. I just presumed with some marine Asia, I was like, because this is back in the day when I was so watching it, like, maybe, you know, maybe three years ago, prior to, like, the channel, they're so fucking famous this channel. And it has like six million... Six drivers. Yeah, yeah. And I remember, like, some of the first videos I saw, yeah, like, they're old-ass fuck. They've been in, like, 13 years ago. Yeah, they've been doing it for a really long time. And some of them are like in English, same as this one. So let's give this a little watch. And obviously, if you're enjoying it, we keep watching a bit more. Right. This is a big scene in the Philippines. So we have to do it just as when we sort of check out. Underground rap. Yeah, which we never have on the channel. Because it's not for everyone. Yeah, that's right. So the reason why it's underground is not very commercial. So, okay, so do keep it in mind. Flip top commostar! In prepping for this match was torture. Eric, I can't thank you more. You took me on a massive tour. This land is gorgeous. I was nervous, but they were very... There will be things that go over you head. Can I look at it like a stand-up? Can I look at it like a... This is a little bit now. No, well, for you. But if there's anything you don't understand, so just ask me. And I'll try and do my best. It's coming up with this stuff in the moment. In a spotlight. Well, it doesn't prepare this? No, it's like a match. So you know who you're going to go up against. Okay. The problem is... It's like MMA. It's quite combative. So you prepare for your opponent? Exactly, but... You don't know what's going to happen in the time. In the moment, yeah. So the most interesting sections are like towards the end. They're like the middle. Because that's like when... Shake it through. It's time to respond. You don't know what the fuck is going to prepare for you. You might know your weaknesses. You might know what... I do. He might talk about my weight. He might talk about my fucking... I look like... You know, I sell donuts. So I... I come up here and I'll fucking belong in the symptoms. You know what I mean? He might talk about my appearance. Or he might talk about my fucking family. Or something like that. You know what I mean? Or if it's a scandal and people know about it, and they all... You turn down that battle. People... You're a pussy. You know what I mean? This is that world. This isn't like... This isn't showbiz, bro. You're right, Durant. So, okay. They said he goes there every night. Stribbiya. Stribbiya. And now this pub is what he gets me. Just some bog we think he's destined to be worship for his earnings. Make your money don't impress me. Or punch you in a frenzy till I'm rupturing your belly. Pull your guts out. Hang in testing some of the rafters and the bell-free. That's pretty clever. That's pretty clever. That's very clever. That's very clever. You're gonna be alright. It's very nice son. That's very clever. It's my life, the machete, these puppies, little sparpa first. I'd love to get a selfie. That would be alright. It would be alright. It's very nice, son. Thank you. See, for a while now, I've been trying to take a bunch of shots to illustrate the lowest types of human nature. Oh my god, roasted. I didn't see that coming, though. He was like, that was such a nerdy catch. It's an outro. It's one of the things that make me think, I'm lucky. Life's okay. Well, prick it. There's lots of its tail or a guy who's Mr. Train or a bunch of guys out there who can sleep in rough for days without one picture of your face. That is proper fucking failure. Oh my god. I know the stuff is really bad, but that could be my screen saver. I mean, no one would fall in love with this. You look like a deflated puff of fish. One eye closed, shite closed, hair on your chin that's like a goat, nostrils so far apart, they each have their own times of sleep. Goddamn. Yeah, so again, there's no punches being pulled in. Is the other bit actually interestingly enough? No, could you imagine doing securities being thrown at you? No, no, no. No, good news. Yeah, it's brutal. This is why I am... So this is how you begin usually in rap in Venezuela as well. You will most likely... You're probably the shy kid that wrote in school because rap wasn't that sort of popular. And then you had underground sort of sects. You had this fucking coat like places. Correct. They would gather at night time in this... Sometimes they would gather in parks. Yeah, would be the sketchiest things. Or places where you legally really shouldn't have been in there. But no one's gonna snitch. No, no, no. And also, it's like a third world country, so no one gives a fuck. Sometimes even the police just stopped that white guy. Yeah, they stopped outside just in case no one's acting mad. But you then... You build your confidence, your wit, your ability to think on the spot. And also your literacy. This is something that sometimes gets overlooked, you know, pronunciation. You're speaking to a crowd. Modulation. You want to... There are actual pinnacle things and elements and components. That's why I related it so quickly to spoken word. Because a lot of its foundations are set in stone when it comes to spoken word. Yeah, sure. Again, when you... When you study acting, straight acting for playwrights, especially in theatre, you got to study speech itself and voice itself. So, a lot of those principles are so prevalent in this particular case, in this particular example, that it took me a while to understand how this... being so confrontational, like it's a way of expressing... Well, it's rap. But its foundations are so solidly... So, solid in the way of spoken word itself, that even the rhyming and the tempo management of the exertion of words is actually quite similar to what you would learn in that Shakespearean-like class. It's funny, though, because a lot of it comes from there. That's what I mean. So, if it's an English-Litrich, you're seeing components and sort of very... You know what you call a compostary element to be successful at anything. Like the rhythm in which it's spoken, it falls really closely to how you learn to recite Shakespearean prose. He was interesting as well. He's also, because again, you have to cater to the audience you're speaking. Obviously, in the Philippines, everyone speaks English. So, this is quite a blessing for Mark. But if you were to look at sort of the Americans, sort of the typos bars in underground scenes, they would be a little bit more... Rhythmical. No, no, no, rhythmical. A lot of things would go... More things would go over your head. Right. Because there's so much more introduction of slang, so more more introduction of a rupture of pronunciations, things that we've never fucking heard in our lives, because we didn't grow up in fact in Chicago. You know what I mean? So, this is actually not bad. Sort of things to look at for you. Those are why I bet when you picked it, you were in all that sizzle. Did you dig the finger in right up to the knuckle? Did you lift it and spit it? Did you get your whole fist in? Did you hammer in more like something new about tick-pistons? Whenever you sniff, there's the furniture drifting. I heard it sucked up his grandma when she went into kissing. Oh my God. Oh my God. You've been so stupidkin' Does it fill up with dogs and cats and pigeons? I heard a weekend, if he's got spare hours of fitting, he likes to install the odd art exhibition. It's so wide nose. Plus, that cap and shaped head are quite scary, you know? But I'd shave my hair too, if my hair didn't grow. I mean, come on. Don't be surprised that it's there, because he needs it. We all know the truth. Your hair lines were seeding. And he took that thing off. And he took that thing off. You could see it retreating. I guess it's not just Sony records, the ones that up and leave him. So while he was with Sony. I didn't. Papi, that was rude. You don't need no cosmetics. You're like a one-man Filipino Venice, just with the nostrils of an evil ferret and the hairline of Magneto's helmet. Oh my God. Magneto, Jesus Christ. Magneto helmet. Right away. It's time. Oh, they got time. Okay, they got time. They're time to like they are like a dance battle. Well, yeah, what the fuck? You know, just being you grilling the other guy. I didn't know. Hey, yo, your mum. No, Rose the potatoes. Well, he, it's also remember, there's a sporting element of this. He is playing at home. He is competing at home. I bow to Blanquito. He's about to get the right shot. She run ball, rap and teach on. According to the pamphlets. No. I was looking forward to your matches because there was boring as your classes. Oh, nice. They like to call himself a metaphorical assassin. Bro, you're such an adorable. I should say. We call it. Who's that word? You would say. Oh. You're a full time teacher, right? Teacher. Slide by, Raptor. You can't kick it with me, Christ. I'm a white time master. The type to body bag you will give you a high five after, especially if you're asking for it. Like the white, I password. Oh, you're the thing that you can win here with your nice guy, Swagger. Nice strike. Oh, damn. You should have worn that sullen tie design with a tie die pattern and a D shirt inside that says white lives matter. I hope you're fucking dying of cancer, you like? This is a different world. I'm telling you. This is a different world. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is what I mean. This is like, this is the roughest. Yeah, but you might not see a lot of this stuff. It's because they live and block the podcast and it's just my hard one. But so we're probably, we're probably skip over this. I didn't think of that actually. How do people check this shit out on YouTube? Maybe they don't. How is it up in YouTube? Or questions? No, they don't think they care. Like you say they get demonetized or whatever, or blogged or age restricted. I don't care. But it's not though. We don't know. We don't know. No, if it was age restricted, it would say. You think? Yeah, it gives you a warning. Well, Mad one. Yeah, well, it's fucking. What? But, um, but, but it's like, I just want to find out who wins. Okay, just, just go to the music. Music to eat, till Donald Trump's pubes are a little. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Just think of, fuck it. On sniff from the west, just watch him go running. I won't be surprised if you hide in my luggage. I'm finished. I'm finished with his kid who sees my passport as the thing of dreams. Eat back and pull his things and leave ignoring what's there in the scene. I mean, loony, mate. You're killing me. It's a symphony, such history. The love and warmth is in these streets. I mean, I don't want to leave a fucking love of the Philippines. Oh, yeah. Well, different stories, different struggles, buddy. The kids have been known. I don't want to go. But it's time to bring this thing to close. If you're smart, you'll know how the multi goes. Poo-dang in a mole! Hi, okay. It does make me uncomfortable. It does make me uncomfortable. The piece of performers art. They didn't move it all like the royal god. I killed them in 90 seconds, like a poison is dark. I ain't got no problem stalking a lock. So this is, again, pre-written. A lot of this stuff. But it's, what would you call it? It's, is there uncanny ability to bring things out of their bag? But they do have a chance to prepare it. It is a match. Okay. Fuck, you know, even I'm rhyming all over them. It's like a prostitute in Luneca, just another walk in the park. Oh, thank you. Wow. Free overnight. I don't know the side, but I guess standing in front of you, Mike, they want to talk this way. Free night. Free night. Free night. That little leaves whack. That's why I sit here in the Philippines, I don't make this mark on the Philippines map with his Mr. Bean swag. I'm impressed. That was nice. Freezers bringing the guineotine back. You're about to fade away like that skinny, jean fat. This mismatch is a mishap. I'm predicting this will be bad. Kinda like the dead, this middle finger against the British Queen's twat. Oh. Oh. Oh. That's pretty obvious that I'm about to buy this bagadass, Babylon wrap obvious with action, bruns and tips. Whoa. Where is your prime with student of an optimist? Stop it, Chris. You're older than a floppy disk. No. Damn, this guy, Lune, fucking goes crazy. I guess that's why they call him Lune. Because he's a fucking lunatic. You see his eyes, right? Yeah, yeah. But I'm coming through the throat. Mark was also so invested. He's coming up so close to his personal space. And he's like intangely listening. Well, this is normal. That's what you that may see my big mad. But I've never known. That's quite normal. I mean, a lot of the time actually they're like, fucking really up closer. Well, even closer. Like you should see, you should see the derby matches of underground, yeah, underground wrap battles in the UK. She's like some guy from fucking Liverpool. And then some guy from Manchester United. That supports Manchester United. And that's a big big Manchester Liverpool. That's beef or like, you know, Arsenal. That's a steak. That's not beef. That's a steak. Yeah, yeah. It's like this. I don't know. I'm making shit about anything about this. There's like real animosity behind it. However, it is a sport. That's the thing. There's no federation yet. And it's not at least not to my knowledge. I stopped following this year like 10 years ago. I was watching this stuff with this language. I was like 11. 10. So you can imagine. On my way to school in the bus. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You got beat by definition and a fucking retard. That makes you the perfect definition of a fucking retard. Now I know that nobody ain't here against it. And I respect it. But except in this battle was a big mistake. And he regrets it like Brexit. Now check it. I'm a legend. They refer to me as Alamak. I'm about to crush this ginger and turn him into Salabat. Oh. Clever, clever. But for my final bars, I have a different battle plan. I will use my Jalibikol center accent so everyone can understand. I'm here to leave a lasting impression on work like a cotton brand. I really don't really know what was on. He turned Filipino with a pee. Pilipeen. And the fun was I'm teachers. Any week number one. Tagalog or English I'm flexible like a rapper. You have to work like home. But with me Mr. Russell Brandt. I'm next to a row with the four arms. I got the afterhand. I'm going to fire. I have to say. He's also arguably at this advantage, right? Who is? Luminous. Yeah, because you know, you might speak a bit of English in the Philippines. But it's not his first language. Now this is something that you cannot extinguish. It's gruesome when I depict this. And you cannot extinguish. Do you know what else is with this thing? extinguish. extinguish. The English. I'm going to use my British language. I'm going to use my English. I'm so sick of you. Does that make him the winner? Is he winning now? No. Luminous. Yeah, you've got to win the crowd. You know, you win. You win it now? Like if you know, at the end, I'm sure they'll shake hands and happy days and shit. Is that usually how it goes? I mean, it depends. Okay. What the? Bro, I am so confused by all of this. Yeah, like. So he wins. Yeah, I think goes as well. The more you watch this, you always get a feeling who won. All right. It's like it's like dance battles. Like hip hop dance battles. You're always going to have a lot of time. You already know. Close or remember, when I used to watch those, what was the curse of going first? I was saying same as in dance battles. This is the closest. Okay. Because if you're finn, if you start, you don't end. The thing is, the thing is, beginning the closest thing for me to this is definitely the dance world, the dance scene. Like that's the closest thing I've ever come close to understanding what battling is in the spotlight. Especially when it comes to dance freestyle, I was thought it was such a hard thing. Like it was so exposing, it was never really good at it. But I went to a few, I went to a few battles myself here in London. They're pretty cool though. Like, the whole atmosphere is really dope. But years ago, it used to be so aggressive now. It's such an amicable place to be. It was never, again, it could get really physical and it could get really confrontational years and years ago. In dance. In dance. Like hip-hop dance battles, dude, they work hard. Yeah, I don't want this respect, one of these things. It's just, yeah, it's just a bit mad like to me. I don't know. And I went to a few, would they not say shit? Would they talk shit to each other? Oh, is it just dance? It's like dancing, but it's hard to explain, but they would come at you. They would mimic your move for the stuff that you're stylistically known for and they throw it at your face and make fun of it. It's exactly the same as this happening with words, but with... Yeah, I don't know. I'm sorry. I've always looked at the dance, I've never understood how you can get pissed. Bro, believe me, this cruise is going up against each other. I guess if you're that involved and stuff. But I think they must be beef beforehand. Oh, definitely. Those are the best battles when they're beef. Yeah, it's... They're fucking hilarious, because there's no pooling of any punches, but you're trying to knock their head off with water. Same, same, again, it's similar concept. You're trying to knock their head off with what? A pirouette? It's not pirouette, there's not ballet. My mat's side is coming up, because obviously I'm... It's not ballet, dude. They're doing hip-hop. And like, locking and popping and freestyling and stuff. It's pretty sick. There's like a bunch of stuff happening now. And like in the... I don't want to really kill it. It's just not for me, you know? I don't know her. Yeah. Okay. I'm just telling you that's the thing. Yeah, that's all the closest thing. Yeah, well, I've actually never been in it life. I've never experienced it life. It is cool. Nowadays is actually pretty dope. Like, it's a thing to watch. It's a show. A lot of times it's so sick. It's a show. How much beef has been happening? When I was watching it about nine years ago, there was... What, the rap aspect? Yeah, of course, the real... There was so much real beef going on that. People were starting to get shot and fucking... So it's like... You don't want to be going there. It's a mad one. I don't know how it is in London. You were also a kid, though. But I always looked at this stuff. And then you were like... You know, like the rumors and stuff. You were talking about it. That's why you pulled up to his house. Because you ain't got no respect for his mama. You showed up. You're like, oh my god. It was getting too serious. Yeah, it was getting mad. So, yeah. And then I kind of separated myself from that. Also, my mom, so I didn't like it. I wonder what. Yeah, and that's why I came out of it. But, yeah, man. Very nice to have a look at that. Interesting. Neuralite. That's pretty interesting stuff. It's a different world. That's why I mean, like commercial. That's why there's so many layers. And that's why there's so many levels. Like then you look at Looney, Martin, we didn't know that. He had such a background in Underground rap. You would just presume. Very narrow. He just gave them... But he's so lyrical. He's so smart. In English. In English. Imagine you fucking Tagalog. Yes. And also, the funny thing is, then you would listen to his songs and say you didn't know about his sort of underground pedigree. You would just think, oh, he's just a well-great rapper. He sort of learned and stuff. N'abro. Like this is under the fire. Yeah. This is like, it'd be really cool to be the hero. There's no in between in battle rap. It's like, you lose or you win. Right. You know, very rare. There's been a few draws. Very rare that I remember. Yeah, because it isn't entertainment. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyways. Dude, that's wild. It's like, look at it. That's not what we enjoy. Yeah. Let us know. Yeah, maybe other underground rappers that I should know. I don't know if we'll check this out every again on the channel. Remember, this is in my channel. This is going to be a cheetah's channel. No, to be completely honest, I don't have anything against it. I think it's vastly entertaining.