 Today we are with It's here And where are you from? I'm from Singapore And you're here for Chongwen? I'm here for Chongwen Nice Nice So do you live here or are you visiting? I'm just visiting here on holiday So for today's question, what do you love or like about Philippines? I like to live here in Philippines I like that there's a lot of variety of food Even fast food is not just McDonald's I enjoy the Jolly Bee here It's much better than Singapore's Jolly Bee I really think you're much now Not enjoying the heat though And the traffic Is there anything else that you found interesting or you like about Philippines? Actually I'm very amazed by life It's the traffic again like you know like how you can just like hold up your head And inside the magic head you can just cross the road after that Because if you do that in Singapore and questionable, you're just waiting for the traffic light Honestly Thank you so much for your time Thank you Today we are with Prushab And where are you from? I'm from India You work here or are you just visiting? I'm here for a work assignment So for today's question, what do you like or love about Philippines? Well, I definitely love the islands and the beaches and the sea But I also love the people I've just been here for eight weeks and I've already made some really good friends People are really welcoming and yeah, I love them Love Filipinos That's all man, thank you so much for your time Welcome Today we're with Luana And where are you from? I'm German German Thanks to Deutsch I'm Bissien, yeah And are you living here or are you just visiting? I'm living here, I've been living here for like over five years already And how do you like the Philippines so far? Honestly, it's really, really hot That's the only, that's the thing I dislike the most about the Philippines, the warm climate I'm not used to it And for today's question, what do you love or like about the Philippines? What I love, probably the food Like Adobo and Beacall Express are my favorites, top favorites, really good food Is there anything else that you like or love about the Philippines? I'd say the beaches, the beaches are the waters like really pretty And the beaches are nice, I like it Thank you so much for your time Thank you Today we are with I'm from Korea So where are you from? I'm from Korea Are you living here or are you just visiting? I live here for a bit for like 18 years, approximately And what do you love or like about the Philippines? That's an interesting question So first I like the nature, like the scenery I've been to a lot of different places in the Philippines such as But now we are just terraces like different beaches such as Like Boho, Burakai That's what I love the most about the Philippines And second is actually the people, the people that are very nice They are very hospitable And actually a lot of my friends right now are Filipino So they are all of them I think Not really I think, all of them actually are very nice And I'm having a good time whenever I'm with them So when I, let's see if I go back to Korea if ever Those are the things that I meet I'll never forget about the Philippines So yeah, that's it That's all man, thank you so much for your time I'm trying to know problem of problem of problem, anytime Today we are with Vanessa And where are you from? I'm from Sweden Do you live here or are you just visiting? I'm visiting, I'm studying right now here I'm studying construction engineering, so like civil engineering I see So for today's question, what do you like or love about Philippines? I love with Philippines that everyone is singing and people are okay So I always meet people who are singing so good here Is there anything else that you like or love about the country? How welcoming people are So I think it's the most welcoming country I've been to So everyone is always smiling and making me feel welcome here That's all, thank you so much for your time Thank you Today we are with My name is Eiki And where are you from? Pakistan Do you live here or are you just visiting? No, I live here, I've been here for the last four years That's amazing, so how do you like the Philippines so far? Philippines is an amazing country, you know, 7,000 plus islands, beautiful people So it's amazing, best place to be And for today's question, what do you like or love about Philippines? Especially what I like is the vibe of the country I think people are very hospitable, they're very welcoming, warm and very friendly So this combination makes Philippines a beautiful country to live and work And anything else do you like about the Philippines? Well, apart from the traffic, which is a bit not so good these days I think there's nothing not to dislike about this beautiful country Thank you so much for your time, I really appreciate it Thank you, thank you Today we are with Hello, this is Syrah And where are you from? I come from China Can you speak Chinese? Yes, you can You can speak Chinese Wish you many times, Philippines I've been here for six years, I've been studying here I studied here, I studied in the course of course How do you like or love about Philippines? I like the people, because people here they are expressive Not like the Chinese, because our Chinese They are quite conservative And we don't like to express ourselves So people are very shy to speak out They are a pain in their day friends So they're a difference from other people Thank you so much for your time Thank you, thank you Today we are with Brandon And where are you from? From USA Which state? New Mexico So what brought you here to the Philippines? So yeah, I work online and just traveling around I thought I'd give Manila a chance I love like Coron and you know, Botswanga It's a really great place, be cool I never really spent much time in Manila So thought I'd check it out How do you like the place so far? It's pretty amazing I was really surprised by BGC I've been to the Philippines several times before But I never actually saw BGC And I'm glad I kind of gave it a chance And what's something you love or like about the Philippines? So I like the beaches, cost of living, the people Infrastructure can be a little hard So I had to build my own backup systems I don't like car batteries and stuff from Ace Hardware But it's gotten a lot better Yeah, and I just love the nature I'm kind of more of an introverted person So just going out to the beach You know, with a sandmig and a book It's enough for me So is there anything else that you like about the Philippines Off the top of your head? Up the top of my head There's some good food that's unique here I would say the people More so than anything else You know, there's always something to do You just go around and especially in the provinces And it feels like it's really, you know, up and coming in place So, you know, you gotta be careful on what a place it is But yeah, I would say the nature, the people You know, here in BGC, very walkable I'm surprised by that That's pretty much it, thank you so much for your time Yeah, sure Good luck What is your name? Hello, I'm Oshirina And where are you from? Elephane Do you live here or are you just visiting? I'm doing this 8 months of AJR backpacking So I spend one month in Philippines so far And I'm here, oh, it's all in my second day in money, like, actually So yeah, you're with your catch me How do you like it so far? It's pretty nice I spend two weeks in Shurgao And then before that one week in Baha'u So now it's like, I see this city vibes It's like, it'd be like Island life And like flip-flops and everything I mean, I'm still like, I love flip-flops Yeah, but now it's just this big city, life, vibe, and I enjoy it And what do you love or like about the Philippines? Actually, I really love Filipino people Like I hear really good stories about them But since I came here, I always got so many nice experiences I was invited to family dinners I was invited to try out the coconut wine I was dancing the flowco on the beach And it's really actually opened my heart Because, you know, back in Europe, people are still a little bit more conservative I was so open-hearted, I mean, the soft is like better Doing better But like, yeah, since I'm like from Northroparn and like, just in European So I didn't really have to experience this like this So it was like real like family vibe, you know, like always like union And I really really enjoy it Is there anything else you like or love about the Philippines? Well, it's a little bit too hot for me, so I couldn't say love other But like, the water is super blue Yeah, I love the beaches as well Yeah, but I would say like traveling is most of all Goes around the people So I would just like definitely my high point And yeah, I mean, like, I should think more Maybe I could find some jumps But people that are like really, really like collect it, you know That's gonna be my heart Thank you so much for sharing and thanks for your time Ah, you're welcome Nice to meet you