 Good morning 14 June 2022 rolling with LaRoc and jazz. This is going to be just a quick update looks like they're just still working morning inside this caffaline things I'm doing a quick walk around. My main concern here today was the driveway. The instructions I gave was 85 meters in length, 3 meters wide, 6 inches deep. So I'm glad I got here when I did because I started out at 3 meters but then expanded to 4 or 5 or 6 meters. So anyway I got jazz to come over and help me explain to the key workers for your Mike's working somewhere else today. So his brother and the other guy yesterday is working. So I just had him stop taking from here because they were going to run out of sand and just to fix the portion they have laid out already. So we marked all 3 meters. I borrowed jazz. Take measure because coil mic I think you took mine home by mistake. And I can get that later. There's no problem there. But then we're going to I'm having them basically marked the line all the way down and then take the extra sand on the outside and bring it forward. So that's probably going to take the two day project into a third day. I need to probably be here more often and longer but it's what happens you know when there's wind occasions. Yep. You know just there's things happen. So but here as you can see most of the stuff they're doing is on the inside. All the flooring the sand foundation has been laid and packed down. So we'll see. Engineering Marvin's supposed to be back tomorrow. Hopefully the regular former will be back also. And we can talk some more. So I did look at the drawings. The CR is going to be a bedroom. The CR copper drum and then two more bedrooms over there. So we'll see how that goes. From that point. So they're changing and working against scaffolding. They're going to get ready to probably structure the second floor. And then back over to the driveway. And then I'll wrap this short video up today. Probably a video. So with the two sticks are that's three meters. So they're going to go all the way down and take the excess. Take it straight. We get extra people coming back. Maybe a few extra workers came back overnight. Here's the reason we got to. I got to concentrate on the driveway now. This is just a little bit of rain. We're not even the heavy rain season yet. Already the big trucks come in and they get a little bit bogged. They can get stuck. They got bogged but as you can see this is why we need this. So we don't have this. And we'll go from there. They're still going to come off the driveway at some point to put the materials over there somewhere wherever it's needed. I still may even with moving this extra sand down. I still may have to get more S1 sand maybe another truck load. I didn't want to but they have to. We'll see how it looks. But it's definitely going to take another day because right now it is 10.45 in the morning. They still have their lunch break and then the Mary and the break. And then we'll see. As you can see if you look down where it got wider. See there's two sticks. Got in the red shirt and certain ones sticking the other sticks over by the wheelbarrow. Between those sticks is three meters so they got to go back and get all the extra sand. So hopefully they'll use the tape measure and not try to eye it because that's what happens to the eye. You see it spread wider. That's why I was being told there's not enough sand. I'm like no, po. You got to get more. You got to get you got to measure and remasher. Measure twice, cut once because they're saying the lumber business, carpentry business. And there's some of our trees. I'm really hoping they're going to relocate these two because this is way wider than three meters. This is what they have when I got here so we'll see. Before we leave I'm just going to have jazz make sure to tell them just keep measuring every time you put a stick in measure. Okay I just I need for my coffin at level. Hopefully they'll do that because if not these gentlemen will be done after the moral. Now bring a different crew that can listen. You should call your mic handle thanks but he's he's been detained elsewhere for some other work. And so I've got these two guys that this is communication problem. That's all. Something that happens quite often here in the Philippines. Not a major issue. That's what I have my girl jazzed. Help translate any kind of misunderstandings. Here's the big mud hoe I got to get this field in quick because now as you can see. My truck slides when we come in here especially going out of my mouth come out this way. So I really need to get the sand over here soon because like I said it really the rain really hasn't hit us yet. I do have a lot of extra sand over there that we're going to use over here. And we'll see how that goes. Probably going to get some of that regular sand pile that's the lighter color sand that's there. Have them shovel it here drop it here first and then get the excess s1 sand dig it up and put it here. Because what I'm going to do here this is going to be I'm going to lay gravel over this area because it's such a muddy area after I get the s1 sand. And at some point this is going to be dug up. This is what I was talking about before maybe in the early video. Right here water comes through here. When the heavy rains water comes through here and needs to flow. As you can see it's a little deep on this end. I've been told they dig this up dig this out this right here. This is the area that I'm walking on here. They dig it out in the rainy season so the water can flow right now. It's going to hit here and back up and go over here. I may have to live with it this rainy season. Sand is money. Dirt is money. Time is money. Effort is money. As we all know. So anyway this is way water. I may shorten this down to three meters because we're not going to be passing each other and use the s1 sand here too as well. Maybe before I get the extra truck. Less and learned is I don't want to get it any more than six inches deep. I need to be packed down. As you can see here this is probably three and a half feet deep. This is why we always get stuck. When they came before in another video a couple of months ago they just dropped too much s1 sand here because the sand was, you know, we had the holes and everything but on site. I'm learning as we go. Sometimes I just need to be here. A lot of this is going to be the extra sand. I'm going to have them dig up and use. If not this cool another cool. I need to save money but at some point I'm going to have to dig this up a little bit so the water will flow smoothly. Dig this up, lay in some culverts, you know, the round concrete pipes or the plastic ones or something. I don't know. We'll see which ones. But right now I don't want to do it because the trucks are still coming down. I don't want to break the culverts and cost more money than have to replace them. They have a weight limit. Anyway I need to go from here all the way over to kind of this area because this is going to be my driving thing here. I'm going to have a walk-in gate here. I don't want this to be as deep as it is. I'm going to fill this in with excess dirt some of it so the water will just go straight and run off through there. I'm going to have to run that way. I don't want it to sit here and build up. Kids jumping and mosquitoes is the big thing. That's what we're looking at. I said a short video and I talked too much. There's my boundary wall that eventually down the road we're going to make look nice. It's just a boundary wall right now. Any sand or anything dirt we put in here won't wash away. It'll at least go and fill up at some point and be level. Okay, rolling with the rock and jazz. 14 June 2022. Here we go. Bye. Ciao.