 Oh my god! Welcome to what's up Philippines! Hey guys, I'm Mike and I'm Nelly. We are to travel through the last vlog as based in Makati city, the Philippines. We've been living here for over a year to travel through this country for more than three years. And here on this channel we do reaction videos to suggestions you guys send us on Instagram making that vlog. And then we start this channel as a little therapy during quarantine. So we try to put a smile on your face and at the same time it is kind of fun for us to do. So do so, so leave a like, subscribe if you want to see more. We are trying to hit 100k sometimes soon. So we can keep going with these videos and it's a little motivation for us. What are we reacting to today? Okay, so today we are reacting to a topic that is maybe a little bit more my side. It's about Filipino beauty over 100 years. I guess it's going to be some eye candy. Let's jump into the set up. Here we go. 1910. Oh so they're just like doing the makeup. Wow. 1913. Such a difference in just 10 years. Yeah. Wow okay. Wow. Crazy. Oh, I love me. Oh my god. Oh, so pretty. So pretty. It's impeccable. What a difference it made. Wow. It's makeup. This is a person. Yeah. Oh yes. Oh, the 70s. Wow. Cute. Oh, the eyeliner. Yeah. Oh my god. 1990s. Guys, who remembers this? I remember it so vividly. The zigzag in your hair. That was the fashion thing to do to have a zigzag in your hair. I didn't do it. Oh, I did it. Okay, my god. We have to press B. It's okay. We'll tell you one about it. Here we go. 2000. 2010. Oh yeah, here comes the cold, the big ones. The big hair. Ah, done. Cool. Cool. Very cool. All right. And I think after those you said it's going to be the behind the scenes. Yes. So where are you? Okay. Cool. Do you want to see that as well? Yes, definitely. Okay, so just to summarize the looks. It's impeccable to see how the looks change in such a short time frame. Yeah. And then again, 10 years is a long time. 10 years is a long time and here's a fun fact. Back then, I don't know. I was going to school. Then eyebrows were the thing. So I had such thin eyebrows that they almost disappeared. But it was a thing. Having thin eyebrows. And now it's the opposite. Now people want to have full brows and like really nice brows. And eyebrows and so on. And also now people love to have like big curls. This is back then it was like straight hair. And lots of changes during the years. So it's quite interesting for me to see. Okay, so this is the behind the scenes. Is it the same one? Yes. Okay, so this is interesting for us just to know the wise behind it. Yes. Okay. Let's go. Okay. I'm Chris. I am an anthropologist and I'm working on my PhD at the University of Washington. And I did the research behind 100 years beauty in the Philippines. Wow. Well, okay. So in the 19th and the Philippines is still emerging out of the Spanish colonial era. American and European ethnologists were really invested in documenting indigenous. Wow. Especially their tattoos that was very exoticized and erased, racialized. And the 1920s Fernando Omar Salo is a painter and a Philippine nationalist. And he had a lot to say about what makes a Filipino woman beautiful. Wow. It suggests a kind of nostalgia for a simpler pre-colonial time and a simpler pre-colonial kind of woman. And of the 1920s and the 1930s up until world were to we see all of these carnivals. So they're kind of like the precursor to the modernity beauty pageant, which is the stable still in the Philippines. Yeah, they were definitely inspired by jazz age beauty in the US and in other places. So I think when one thing you noticed with April's skin in the video from start to finish is that she has very dark skin in the beginning and then in the immediately in the 30s, it becomes totally white. Yeah. Yes. So I realized that I wanted to say something. I'm like, why is there such a change? All of a sudden the skin color gets brighter. But I remember we had that also in Europe. Remember when in the mid-eval, we wanted to have white skin and that's what they're saying. Oh, it's. And that's what they're saying. There's a German saying it goes, kaltakaffee, marchure, that means cold coffee makes you beautiful. Yes. And it actually was because drinking hot kaltakaffee would make the makeup melt off your face. Yeah. So interesting. So that's a beauty standard that gets enforced all the way up into the present moment. Of course, there's colonial mentality about how the European aesthetics are beautiful. And then finally, towards the very end, you see her kind of like, laying off the skin-mightening products and the powders and the bleaches and all that. Because I think in this moment, people are beginning to accept that their skin tone can be beautiful. Yeah. Without need. Agreed. 100%. Yeah. A favorite look might have been the Huck Amazon warrior woman. During Japanese invasion during World War II, there are these women that are actually participating here. Also, I'm Rose. In the suppression of the incoming Japanese forces. So it wasn't unusual for women to be militarized on some of these rebel groups. In the 1960s, that lady with the huge hair, that's modeled after a young a Melda Marcos, who would eventually become wife of Mr. Marcos who initiated martial law and many other waves of corruption in the Philippines. In the 80s, I think you see Filipino pop culture and US pop culture are closely in, I guess. This is not a mistake since World War II, and before that even, the United States and the Philippines have had a close relationship. Yeah. Beauty is not natural. It's always conditioned. And then this context that, you know, a face tells so much about the political situation or a military situation. And those things go into the way we condition our own face to look beautiful to the world. The kinds of Filipino figures that people are familiar with are like maids or nurses. And it's not to say that that work isn't important. But rather that there are so many different kinds of people in the Philippines, in the ethnic groups, in languages, and etc. But there is extreme wealth and extreme poverty. So I think people think of the Philippines as a pretty destitute poor place that produces our nurses and our maids. But it's so much more than that. And there's so much of a reason why we think that. Very cool. I like how if you look at the title of the video and just the subject topic, it might seem like a very vain topic. But looking at all the different styles of makeup and the history that goes behind it, the things that influence the way people change their outer appearance, it's so much more important, so so much deeper. Yeah. And I think watching the behind the scenes made you like the video more. Yes, definitely. Yeah. Because at the beginning I was like, Yes, nice to look at but I don't have much to say about it. But seeing and understanding the background of how it evolved, it's amazing. Yeah. So right now I get the feeling that a lot of women here and the Philippines are going back to a more natural look. A lot of nude tones just open here and just accepting the way they are. And it's more like the island vibe, the province vibe where people are just showing the natural beauty which I support 100%. But it was such a good video. Very good. Yeah. I believe that if you're watching without the... So good produced and so well researched. If you're watching without the behind the scenes, it's kind of... It's nice but it doesn't have so much substance. Yeah. Yeah. So good. Wow. All right guys, if you have any more suggestions or some videos like this, please head on over to making a happen vlog and Nellie's Land, Andalana on Instagram. Shoot us a message, send us your recommendations. And also let me know which look of these past 100 years did you like the most in the comments down below. Yes. Okay. We'll see you guys next time on... What a sub Philippines! Bye bye.