 Hey, I'm done one of these for a while now since I think since I've had a phone and we lost our little red house and the kitchen. So I thought I would do one today because I went shopping today and I got a lot of the things that I used to get but for some strange reason it seemed cheap to me and if other you go shopping and you come away thinking wow that was cheap, it's something to talk about and I'm just going to get rid of that. So actually in our little walk passes for a kitchen at the moment it's not much but anyway let's move back there and then you'll be able to see what's in the box. So nice box from our tourists which is always the way now where did the fact. So what we're looking at now is under a thousand pesos. So what was it? 885 pesos which actually is quite good because as you may know we don't eat up here in our extension house or bedsit and we go down and eat as a family at bedsmall at Nanai's and everybody comes in and eats there so all that we really want is little things that we need here. I like to eat apples and I usually eat an apple a day at least or two apples a day that's my biggest try on fruit but I got some bananas and let me tell you what the bananas were. What are we looking at? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. 7 bananas and they cost 55 pesos. So if we're going to talk American that's a dollar so that's intreasonable to me. Now I get these called bet she likes to eat biscuits and these are the biscuits of the day and she likes these. That must be a cost. No it doesn't say but I can't see it quick enough. Leave it. So it hasn't got the price on it that's why. So I got around 2, 4, 6, 6 apples and that was 116 so that's just over $2 for 6 apples. Guess what the price on this was? No prizes. So that's now and all people always criticize us. You don't know always. I got some new ones. There was a scare on pop noodles a little recently that some company that was making the pop noodles was accused of putting some kind of chemical in there. Maybe they did, maybe they did. But anyway, these packs are very, very cheap. Let me see if I can see that. The brief. Ah, they're 725. What's that? A dollar. A dollar. No, what am I talking about? 725. So I got 6 and hardly anything. Got 60 pesos for those. So 60 cents I should say. So I got Beth likes to have this. She drinks this straight from the pack. How much does it, doesn't have, doesn't she say? But I also like to get these drinks. This is iced tea. Amazing. It's still quite cold. So I got 6 of these. We drank those instead of water. There's the rest of the noodles. Now I also got some baking soda because if you put some baking soda on top of your toothpaste when it's on the brush, then your brush your teeth are those. It does actually make your teeth much whiter. Now these people in the West don't see things sold like this. But in the Philippines, they're very fond of things in sachets. So everything is in sachet. This is a drink that gets the supposed to be an energy drink. It's called energy. It says nutritious oats, oats, cereal, mixed with milk. So that mixes up into probably got sugar, everything has sugar. And I drink that as a hot drink instead of chocolate flavoured. So must have sugar. It's also says, hi, invite them in C. Two times, twice more egg. I don't know whether that's twice more egg of this place or that place or the other. It's just twice more egg. It's really trusting. And that is, let me see if I can find how much that is to give you an idea. When Beth has coffee, I have that. Where is it? Ah, the chocolate. The chocolate was actually expensive. This chocolate drink is at $164, which is $3. So the Fuji apples. See, Fuji apples cost $232. So what's that? $5 for all of those apples. Under beef, the $29, $725, the drink. That little drink here is 13 pesos. Doesn't seem expensive, doesn't it? Chocolate. Let me see. You can't see that. Now the coffee. I've got to show you the coffee. The coffee is also in this. Now what is it? Two, four, six, eight, ten, twelve, fourteen, sixteen, eighteen, twenty. So twenty sachets of coffee. And what did that cost? Well, 122. The energy was 164. So, I got two of those because I like to drink that. Now the only thing is if you're on the diet, just for a push, a tip. I think these are about 150 or maybe even 200 calories. I'm not going to be counting, never being very good at counting calories. But then you, that's the whole box. So I always brag about alturas being so good at doing a box. Well, today I went into, there's two lines where you can get served fairly quickly. I only have one basket. So I chose to go into the one basket place, the little cashier. So I chose to go into that and I said, I'd like a box. I like a box because if you put it in the bag and then in the back of the truck, you go around the corner and everything spews all over it everywhere else. So I always get a box even though it's not that much. And then the box sits there comfortably. Well, today they said, no, you can't have a box. They don't do a box in this line. So I said, but I always have a box if I come and I come every week or so. And I always get a box and there's never a fuss. What is the thing? And I told him, I'm a senior. So she looked at me as if that really wasn't of any importance. And then there was a lot of talk between four or five employees, two people who normally do the bagging and the boxing. And so finally, they decided that I could have a box. And then when I looked behind me, there's the line for seniors. So I wasn't in the line for seniors. So I was guilty of demanding something that they didn't do. So when you go into Al Taurus and you go into the line where it says one basket only, you don't get a box and that apparently is the rule. I thought, a senior moment, I thought I was in the line for seniors. So I argued, no, I should have a box. Come on, is it such a big decision? Is this such a big fuss? Maybe we should call the president and get a judgment call on it. Anyway, a few left about that and a few didn't. And finally, as you can see, they let me have a box. And then the supervisor that had been called, who actually looked at me as if he didn't speak English, but he did. And I went over and I said, I always give a box when I can't. And then he said, that's when you're in the seniors' line. That's when I realized I'd become the ugly American and demanded something that they didn't normally do. But they gave it to me and they smiled and everything was done very nicely. Whereas I know that if I've done this in the US or certainly in the UK, I would have been told in no to mean terms, that I was in the wrong line and they would not have given me a box. And I would have had to like it or long put. But here, because they tend not to go in for confrontations, which this would have been, I was given the box. And then it was gently pointed out to me I was in the wrong line. So, my little drama for the day. And here we are. We've got this little bit and a total for all of this. You might think that I shouldn't be using the word all. But anyway, all of it was 800 and 85 pesos. So, I no longer think really, even though I've done the simple math, whenever it's like 50 pesos for something or 100 pesos, I know that it's $2. And I'm not really not interested in going into the rest of this is so many dollars. Everybody knows. It seems like a fair bit of groceries. And it seems as if the prices have stopped rising. Because we have been noticing that things were a lot expensive. And when we went to Alfred's the other day, we called Alfred because we were taking a lot of people. What happens there? We actually called Alfred, or texted him, and said, we're coming up to visit you because our friend Paul, who is visiting from Australia, particularly asked to meet you. So, we had a big crowd with us, I think, eight or nine people. So, what we did was we said it's a big crowd. He never minds a lot of people turning up. He counts it as a gift to have so many people come and see him in his home. So, he said, that's fine. Marie agreed to cook the rice and some of their beautiful homegrown in their garden vegetables. So, that's what we did. And we laid the table out in, well, Marie laid the table out in traditional form with a big banana leaf on which the rice is all laid out with the veggies on the side. Look very, very nice if you saw the videos. And the satisfy people who are always looking for fault. And so, I hope you wash that banana leaf because I don't, and then they mentioned some exotic disease that you get from a banana leaf that is not washed. The other thing was that someone said, you're on their budget. Well, whenever we've been there, and it's a large crowd of people, that we've taken a lot of the kids that we sometimes take around for a treat out. We take them out and on the last occasion, we'd already eaten at I think Pepe Coffee or the Dastel. And we'd fed everybody. So, we went there and they were having a late lunch. So, we refused lunch on the basis that we just had it. And we just had coffee. And on the last little visit, people are saying, hey, you're on their budget and you're eating all their food and you're picking their food. If you look for faults, sure enough, you will always find it, even if it's not there. So, having agreed with Marie that she would cook the rice, we then went out and we bought three barbecue chickens, which brings me back to why I was talking about buying and that is that things have gone up steeply in some cases. Now, obviously, with the gas going up, that's why that affects everybody. And it affects the liver list, so therefore prices go up. I don't know why people don't realise that who are in power, but they don't seem to. So, everything goes up. And what used to cost us 185 pesos for a barbecue chicken cost us 260 pesos for a barbecue chicken. So, our little trip up to see our friend Alfred at the request of Paul Cost. I can surely, you can work it out, you know, nearly 800 pesos. Okay, so that, the chicken, just for that meal, was more than enough for everybody to eat, and to still leave Alfred and Marie the meal that she would have the next day. And that evening. So, we're not going round free loading on other people, but if you're looking for faults, you'll find it. That's my little grocery trip. Hope you enjoyed it. Have a nice day, honey.