 But you're Friday the freshest The Filipino men of TikTok yes, this man are quite dangerous this man should be stopped They will Harana they will Harana your way to your heart. They will Harana their way to your heart Serenading that's what that word means in Tagalog, but this are not this are not serenading videos Those are my what you're gonna you're gonna like one of them well Well, are you good at it? Yes? Yeah, I was like singing this such a attractive quality. Let's give it a watch One of you is birthday and I'm your ordinary admirer That can sing I Such a cheek See the groom no, this is a birthday party like a can see a new type thing Oh, is that what the feeling yeah, it does have like that was like a wedding look ladai look Yes, but it's a birthday According to the caption in the video it's a birthday and this motherfucker's decided to so they went So this is the evolution right of the this is the evolution of the Filipino man They go pandemic hit off fuck what do we do? I must flirt I must show I must I must interact with women I must exchange Harana through amigol Amigo happens on ledge on ledge and then then sort of everyone's backing the normal world now So they're just singing birthday parties, but you get invited you get given like a invite right? Oh looking right to the party. Well, thanks, you know Catherine. Thanks. Well, I'll see you there. Thanks. Yes, then proceeds to You're the best part Brings out his guitar Or maybe or maybe he's a bit more old school maybe comes out and pulls out the general Gibbs, you know Calling yeah, you know listen. I have to be honest. Maybe he's a bit more Western. Maybe comes out with some Matter of the thousand what the dollars Right, well you go to the different parts of the Philippines. You can get country music cool For some fucking reasons and they're good at it, too. Why wouldn't you want to listen? I just think this are the moments that makes me regret that I didn't have like an actual Kinsian Because well, I mean as well. I you wouldn't be like I know it'll be it'll be some guy Coming out with you here to fucking gasoline. I'm like daddy Yankee I did a gay disson to you mommy That's what you were a grass for me Not that that's classy lovely is absolutely wonderful Gosh maybe I should have my next birthday in the Philippines Could you maybe I won't have any admirers, though Because I think it takes a special type of girl right? No, I throw everyone in the comments It's gonna be like oh I am the admiring No, but I'm serious like it could have you have fans you lose up But anyways people be can you choose yes, oh it's Kinsian yeah, I only for Kinses Kinsian is only for Kinses. What about rent us like no? No, you can you can you can have a birthday party for every decade like every decade. It's important calling it now You're 30th birthday. You're gonna have it in the Philippines Wow, okay, it's gonna be like a Kinsian era and I'm gonna arrange everybody Older man listen, I don't want to come out here and sing for you. I don't want to roll out in a princess dress Or like you don't have to do that you know, well, that's the whole point of being Kinsian. Okay, you have to do that No, I won't though you have to do that. It's settled next person Oh Sorry, but this is like a full-on production. Oh, it's Jensen. Yes, and we know It's Justin Bieber Oh What the fuck the sick you gotta play that shit from the beginning I Got I got to turn to confess so when I was in school Right there was this bunch of girls right and Maybe me and stuff we would hang out and all that stuff But they would always hang out and they would listen to Justin Bieber And obviously like hanging around the girls and all that stuff and they would play Like Justin Bieber's music all the time and at the beginning I was like because this is just a beer from like yellow rainbow Justin Bieber this is the one where like all the boys would be like, hey man What the fuck you listening to that right so I'll be like playing football and shit coming all sweat and they hanging out with the girls Like the cool guy after the sports the sports yuck Jock the joke and they would be playing this shit and I had to kind of endure it for a while Just because I want to you know to float with the girls and stuff and then he turns out that fucking love that Endure so that's how I was able to recognize something like this Yeah, because this is the shit dude back in the day Press play bro. I'm what a cover dog. Right? Yes, it's such a chick of the if I would have been you know the amount of fucking work I had to put in to like get the girl You know what I mean imagine I and I knew she liked Justin Bieber just imagine it could have been like Like what the fuck did it would have been so easy everything I would not yeah, I had to learn how to talk shit and everything I had to learn how to like be confident and fucking you know control the nerves Hit control the nurse baby girl You know proceed to sing and I'm telling you if I if I Well, that's what this song that's what that song says Says those are your my favorite girl you're my favorite girl girl girl Well, I was also 12 oh my gosh, it's allowed you're allowed to be you're about to be sticky and weird No when you're 12 they cringe the inner cringe are real yeah Things when you were 12 you wouldn't have found the cringe either You wouldn't have Have you seen your face? I hate it Justin Bieber when I was 12 I was going through my dark face. Okay, so this was extra cringe So yeah, yeah, but your dog face is even more cringy You're like You thought you were sad Yeah, it's like that to me was like wow Wow Please jensen cleanse me cleanse my ears How does it make it work? Rest You Oh an Oh, what you always remember I knew it! I would think this show was so cool in shit It was killing it bro Yeah, yeah, yeah That's what I'm spand-a Right? So that's what I'm saying He sings that shit nowadays to any girl Doesn't matter, she could be 26 or some shit Doesn't matter Telling you dude No Valesca Valesca Alejandra Herrera Ramirez No It would work Eh Eh, there it goes There it goes, no, there it goes There it goes, no It would work No 100 fucking percent I don't really agree You're 100 percent anyway Yeah, it's easy, it's easy Especially You won't even be able to recognize It would work because it's dancing No, because the song is good He makes it work for the way it is Why is it so so good? No Pretty idea Look, look Palet loves Justin Bieber now She's actually, she's made no love But she's a fan I do like a lot of stuff He's evolution artistically He's been really great to look at But I liked him since the beginning Hmm Not it was induced though Is it possible? It's impossible It was conditioned It was possible It was conditioned It was conditioned It was conditioned It was conditioned It was conditioned It was conditioned It was conditioned But uh Dude, such a cheek code It's like playing a game when you go to the cheek section Bam, got the girl Bam, got the girl I mean Oh, this song went Okay, Kenno Oh Where do I hear this man? A valigaya. That's it. All these places have lots of plants. Is the Philippine sort of the same as how we grew up. Do you have lots of plants everywhere? You can't use Morissette as an example. She took it to another level, mate. She fucking has Amazon rainforests in her liver room. But it's how the America where we grew up. We've mentioned this in another video. Yeah, everyone has lots of plants everywhere. And they think it's sort of like good, I don't know, riddance or something. Good riddance. It's a good luck. It's just grandma science. It's barlocks, okay? I'll say it now. Grandma, you're fucking wrong. Go on. Go on, me, grandma. Please, though, I like your cookies. It's a man like different than the southern part. There's where no God. Damn, Henry. Oh my gosh. That's wonderful. That's wonderful. Oh, come on. Oh, I can relax. Oh, come on. That's stupid, Henry. That's stupid, good. Ridiculous. Come on. What the hell? See, is the moon in the middle of the ocean? Yeah. Oh, well, I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. In the middle of the ocean? In my lazy. Oh, well, I am. Okay. Huh? Wow, what a cool effect. Now, why doesn't, I have no idea why that's happening. I feel a apologise. But you see it in the tiny video. Yes. I dunno why I will come and put it, the big one. Why would this one? Oh. Technical difficulties. I'll fix your Friday anyways. Okay, Marie, Marie. Okay, Maddie, Maddie, dude explain that Senor, what? I have no explanation I feel like I just did one set of tri-fuckin Listen, the gift of the god gifted larynx That is just what? I just don't understand Maddie, dude Okay, so why can't I explain this? Why can't he do that? I can't Why biologically? Not biologically, but technically speaking Mechanically speaking, too Okay, what the fuck is the word? There is a word biomechanically Why? Biobio Techniques are there Alright, so the whole purpose of this is because he's learning selects ability like on beaten But that comes with a set of natural predispositions He might, naturally speak at a higher setting range which already puts him at an advantage He might have been singing in this particular style training his belt in this particular register for a really, really long time So, what you're seeing is years of experimentation and perfect lift of the soft palate and modulation of the tongue itself Like you can actually see it really clearly given this angle, it's really good to see the tongue modulation how it can news its way through the big belt And actually you can see how physical the belts are He actually pulls back All of these things are just like the skeleton of a great belt But in reality it takes a gifted larynx It takes a gifted individual to make it work because you could be applying those techniques and it would make you sound great It would make you have a really clean, clear belt very strong, very well grounded But you might not reach those notes and that's the part where he comes down to genetics It comes down to individuals a unnatural, freaking amazing people And that's singing class with Walucha Uh-huh Next one Jung Mataladai Mataladai or Matalidae Matalidae He's another one that I think though I think he knows though He knows He knows his ability to use his advantage now And he's also doing the dance videos now Ah, yeah, yeah He sticks out his actually pretty popular So popular Very popular But this This was sitting chilling on his draft Yeah, he said draft, but look at this bro That sentence is What's up with a cool stakes? Is this plays like I can see it all It'll let me fuck it all be crazy But you take it all over It reminds me that I suck That's so bad My thoughts don't come Oh, I'm dreamy What? Gotta know Bad at all What a banga I'm so good My own window I can't see it all And I'm fucked Oh, you can't deny it Get on this on repeat Wow, but I'm not saying Grab it Please bro, sing a x-section That's so bad That comment really nailed it He says this is talent right here Folks This is actually freaking fire Love how you did the beats with your hands Yes And that's a great summary of that video I have to say My teeth go to cold and wondering Why? Gotta know Bad at all Jesus bro I have to say it's very special It's very fun The D Super interesting to check out new voices Some familiar ones As always if you like to tag us on anything else Do do it At tagging baleska at WLSK 15 On TikTok and Instagram Apart from that guys That's Vital Filipino TikToks Bring me back Mail edition Take me away Oh