 I'm not used to this. No. It's very interesting to it. Today is good Friday, good morning. Here in the Philippines, you might not know, but it is mainly made up of Catholics and so the whole Holy Week is a very big deal. And today is good Friday. So there are many processions going on for the stations of the cross and we're here at six in the morning. We're here at six in the morning to catch it as its procession goes on. It starts at four o'clock in the morning. So we were up at five a.m. and we are not early enough to catch the whole procession. It goes everywhere there is a church, everywhere there is one of these going on. We were invited to so many of them, but the one where I is is a rebel. So look, look the shock of that. I've had, oh I didn't finish my coffee. It's very early. Please forgive me. Here they come now. Good morning. And as you see you get a police escor art that closed down the roads essentially and it is a really big deal. As they come down here, there's already right here. There's one of the stops and the people set up stops at different parts all the way down. How different was this experience? It's very different. It could be comparative to Canada especially. I'm not used to this. It's very interesting to know. Can you imagine? I don't know why they don't do something like this in Canada. They can close the streets. Why not? I'm going to go to the other side of the road. Luckowing on this whole entire week and we're trying to squeeze as much as we can and hopefully you like some of it. But yeah, just watching the people go down on the streets and the processions today was just so unique and different for us. You know, we've had certain ones that when the Pope visits Canada or archdiocese or something like that. But this is different because this is something that happens every single year for generations after generations. Not something that just happened once in a while. This is a thing that's been going on for many people's. Our friend Joey was explaining to us that when she was a child, things were a little bit different in that ever. What were you saying about bare feet? Yeah, so not only would the person re-enacting Jesus be barefoot, but everybody who's walking in the procession would be barefoot as well. Wow, so that used to be the tradition and these are the city streets, but you can see they clean them perfectly up as they were going down it because you do have a person re-enacting Jesus there pulling the crust, walking down that road. You don't want any glass or anything like that. As you'll see here, all the saints are all been covered over and that happens on Palm Sunday where they cover over all of the saints. Even the San Teno here has been covered over. It will be revealed again on Saturday evening, Easter Saturday. So when you're receiving the body of Christ, which is the bread, you know, you get the wine of the bread, well the bread is the body of Christ. It's normally stored right there, right behind the altar there and as you can see it has been relocated. So right now they've moved it halfway through the church here and see that casket there, that is where they store now the body of Christ and that's where everyone comes to pray. Just like that, it starts to end. But of course it's going to pick up again later on this afternoon when they will be doing some floats and things like that. We already had other plans. We did not know it was separated into three or four different parts. There's three, so they have the saints, the male saints in the afternoon and like 4 p.m. they have floats in like orbinate outfits, saintly outfits. And then at night time at 10 p.m. they have the female saints who are looking for Jesus. And so they have their own procession as well. And then obviously you have midnight mass that will end at all off, right? For today. Of course this is Holy Week, not Holy Day.