 Hey guys, welcome back to another GC React. Today we have... we have, are you ready? Hello! Philippine mythology, which is an interesting topic. Gods and gods, oh dear. Gods and goddesses of the Philippines. So like, we hear about in school in the UK, Greek mythology. Yeah. But actually did not know there was Philippine mythology. Green! Alright? So this is an educational mission today. We're going to learn something. Yeah, yeah. All of us will watch this video. Let's go around here. Please consider subscribing if you enjoyed the video today. First of all. Not doing, just considering. If you don't like the channel, please subscribe. Sure, they don't subscribe. But if you do like it, please subscribe. We would appreciate it if you're more than welcome on board. And give a video a thumbs up if you enjoyed today. But, we're going to get into this one. Yeah, I'm excited for this. I am. If you have anything else you want to send us to React to. Head over to our Instagram, send us message there. That's where we get 99% of the reaction videos for this channel. And what about the other 1%? That's just you like finding out. Sending the screen just saying, we should react to this. All right. Ready, 3, 2, 1. OK. That was one he's called old 90s voiceovers. According to the indigenous religious beliefs of the Tagalog people, Batala is the supreme deity who created the universe. A descriptive Arabic is often attached to his name, describing him as the creator or actor of creation. And as the, the Almighty or actor of the world. The Almighty, Dale? Yeah. Gone in the middle of the Spanish missionaries on the Philippines in the 16th century that Batala came to be identified as the... He lives at you if you agree, huh? Unannocable. He is the God of the world. That's what I mean. He lives in the mythology. He lives in a mysterious town called unspoken water with other forgotten ocean deities. He lives in unspoken water. He lives to a race of ancient and inconceivably powerful beings known as old gods. He lives at Akuma. Yeah, they always look like. What are they looking at? Cosmic awareness of ability. I'm limited. He's got unlimited power. That's true. The goddess of labor and good deeds. Whoa! She is one of the servants of Batala who lives in the sky. In some accounts, as pre-colonial to Galogue deities had fluid genders, she was also known as a female deities. He is a many, I will never know this. And I made a deity of aggr- Although this means he is also regarded as a deity of craftsmanship. And she married another god named Dumangan. Dumangan. He's a god of good harvests. He is the reason for the good harvest of rice. And is the husband of India out of the goddess of labor and good deeds. And both live in the sky, Mayari. She was one of the three daughters of the Supreme God Bat Hallibuy immortal woman. Mayari is usually depicted as a beautiful young maiden. Alone goddess of the moon and she is also the goddess of revolutions. God is a mighty evil rule. She is also the goddess of combat, war, revolution, hunt, weaponry, beauty, strength, move her. I know those gods and goddesses. The beauty of mythology. Hanan is the goddess of the morning and the new beginning. She is also the Filipino goddess of the new year. Hanan or Anna is the daughter of Batala and sister of Mayari and Tala who are all of them in the god. So they're not kind of a relatable mother. Yeah. After giving birth to the three goddess. She is specially important during the entrance of a new age or a new phase in a person's life. She will offer her bountiful harvests and prayers during the birth of a child, the woman who'd her manhood of a child, the death of a person, entrance of the planning season, beginning of the harvest season, and start of a new annual cycle. Tala. The goddess of star. Tala. She is one of the three daughters of Batala and the woman. Her sisters include Mayari, the goddess of the moon and Hanan, the goddess of morning. She is known to have supported the creation of the Tagalog traditional constellations. Tala used light spheres or orbs to ferry men to safety at night. Apalocchi. The god of the sun. Apalocchi. He is the son of Batala. He is cool. Apalocchi was also the patron of Batala. This may look as a cartoon about these. The news of Apalocchi shows. Giant Lord in Filipino. Apalocchi is a god of the Tagalogs and the pangas seenan. Ikapati. Goddess of cultivated land. She was the most understanding and kind among the deities of Batala. Her gift to man was agriculture. As the benevolent giver of food and prosperity, she was respected and loved by the people. Ikapati was sent to have married Mapul in God of Seasons. They had a daughter named Anna Gle who became the goddess of lost things. Anna Tinta Booth. The goddess of wind, lightning and rain. Anna Tinta Booth. The special call, dad. That's crazy. The order of the mother. She is the daughter of Dumangan and Indian Ali and sister of Dumanculum. She had the ability to manipulate the weather. Wow. Lightning and rain. Anna Gle. He created a lot of wind. She is known as the goddess of lost things. She is the mother of the god of the sun, Apalocchi. Anna Gle is the only offspring of Lakapati, the goddess of fertility and Mapul in God of the Seasons. I can't keep up with the life. I know, I'm such a lost man. He was truly fire in him when there was bad weather. And it's like that. He could change his form to that of healer. Yes. And then induced fire at his victim's house. Not Marvel. And the victim would eventually die. It's not like his name remains today as which? Mapulin. The god of the Seasons. And that means sometimes associated as a deity of good health and medicine. Mapulin is known as the second kindest deity. He manipulates evil. I think he means the lepacrops and herbal medicine grow and consumable for an unsexual. Yeah. Mapulin is Lakapati's husband. The long Galulua, wandering spirit, a winged god who loves to fly in travel. He is a close friend of the god Batala. Dumakulim. A god of hunting and the strong Agile Guardian of created mountains. He is the son of Dumongan and Indian Ali and brother Ratatun. Anyhow, they are different. They live a very different country. But they look so different, this is how you ride a... Yeah. He hates people who smell the mountains, for a so-called life. Mangagoay. The goddess of sickness and disease poses as a healer and inflicts terror by inducing maladies instead, one of Satan's helpers. The fixed terror. Oh no, that's a bad one. God of the afterlife. Guardian of the world. Yeah, I guess that's not good. He has four following adults. Mangagoay. Manasalat. Mankukulam. Thikluban. Diane Missalanta. The goddess of love. Conception. And childbirth. And the protector of lovers. She was in good relations with Lake Kapati, who presided over the fertility of mankind. She was the daughter of Anagolay and Dumokulam and youngest of all the deities. She thinks good of the world, as a goddess of peace. She tries to keep her to quakes, storms, and destruction away. Many say that Diane Missalanta is an incarnation of Mary and the people. It comes up to this like a demon who would free Salud. When you lose on in the Philippines. The scabier. It is a circle. I know, I don't know. He was just like a long time younger. He was the Earth and the rest of the universe for himself. Therefore he decided to fight Patala. After days of non-stop battle. Patala became the last man standing. His lifeless body was subsequently burned. A few years later, Patala and Galangkuluwa met. The two became friends. But the life of Galangkuluwa was cut short by an illness. Upon his friend's request. Patala buried the body in exactly the same spot where orphan spirit was previously burned. Soon, a mysterious tree grew from the grave. Like a very detailed story like Lee Drew landed Patala of his departed friend. While the heart unattractive trunk had the same aura. On a few people here get told this is not a weak mythology. Do you guys know about this? The tree like you really valued it today. The coconut tree. Lacan Baku. Lacan Danoma. Lacan Baku was the Lord of Fences, a protector of crops powerful enough to keep animals out of farmlands. Oh, Lacan Danoma was known as the Lord of the Fences. It is a serpent like Merr. It was a ruler of the Waces. Lacan Bini as a minor deity was invoked by our ancestors to treat the world as a ski. Amon Zainaya. She is the God of the sea, fishing and seaparing. The Clobin. The Goddess of Death. The Cloud means Enchantment. Normally in the appearance of a Cron or a Hague. One of Satan's Helper. Over there? Over there guys. Wow. I was not expecting that many. I thought it would be 3 or 4 and it is like these are the ones. And they are not linked or related. But they were like son of him brother of him. Wow. I see you do recommend it. That is why I love this channel because we never know what is going to come up. I never thought I would be sitting down watching this a few days ago. And now we know about this. We learn stuff on this channel. That is why we love doing it. We will see you in the next one. If you enjoyed it give it a big thumbs up. Subscribe for new and we will see you in the next GC Rats. Bye.