 They practice dance routines for 1000 times before they even perform them in public. 1000 times is a lot. I'm so sorry. So something that I see everywhere in the Philippines, there are always people dancing. So if you do that in Austria, everybody will be like, What's going on? It is a rainy Saturday. What's up Philippines? Yes, I am staying at home and the only possible thing to do is of course to watch YouTube videos because I'm not going out tonight. And I am happy that you're joining me on this wonderful day. Whatever day I upload this video. But right today I am reacting to a video that is called Filipinos who made Pinois proud. I'm very excited to see this one because I have no idea what to expect. And I would just say, let's just say I still die of writing. I've no or not, I've been saved right into it. What is it about Filipino talents? Stop make them stand up. Here's the thing, Philippines in particular. We've seen it with Korea, with K-pop. And I guarantee you, in the next five years, there's going to be some superstars come from Asia. And that's what's going to happen. It's true. Thank you. It's true. It's just a bad thing. Filipino's are known for talent. They're also known to be one of the most competitive people in the world. So Pinoi myself, I grew up watching different amateur beauty pageants, sports, singer and dancing competitions. Let me tell you that those battles, they can get pretty intense. And because of that, competitors push themselves really hard. Sometimes hard enough that they reach not just the national level of talent, but also stand out as one of the best in the world. There we go. All right. 18th. Okay, something that you have to know is that Filipinos, as he said, are very competitive and are blessed with certain talents. And one of those talents that I admire a lot is singing. So, yeah, let's see what this one brings. criteria. I can easily say that all of them are talented, but you can't deny that some of them have got given talents, like Stales vocals. And can'ts unique low bass. But they also have extremely skilled members in Justin, Josh and Pablo, who equally contributes through the creative side of things, exceptional dancing and inventive songwriting. Skills that they didn't acquire on the get-go, but through rigorous years of training, they practice dance routines 1000 times before they even perform them in public. And in the middle of the beginnings, they... 1000 times is a lot. And I know that I've been an athlete and practicing something 1000 times is a lot. And there is a book that I've read. The master, some greatness, you have to practice something for 10,000 hours. So, it's quite a lot. Didn't even mind performing for nobody since no one knew them back then. They even got criticized in their own own country. I'm not sure if I can do this, because I don't want to talk to the Philippines. But you're still here, you're still here, and you're still there. I'm still there. But that didn't stop them from becoming the now-philippine cultural ambassadors. They started making waves for becoming the first Pinoy pop group that broker-recorded in the Billboard charts. SB19's Bazinga spends a record-breaking 7th-week at number one. The Filipino group singles surpassed 6th-week. They're everywhere. T.S. is butter. They were also the first Filipino artists to have performed on a major US TV network and proceeded to have a nationwide concert tour in that country. At this point, there's no denying the fact that SB19 has already established their place in the Pinoy music industry by not just expanding its reach, but also boosting Filipino tourism. It's quite evident by looking at these amazing people that came from different parts of the world and decided to visit the Philippines because of them. Now that's something to be proud of. Not to forget me, but I didn't come because of them. It's SB19's friend herself, AC Bonipashou. Together with her brother Lucky, they formed a duo called Lucky Asus and they made it to the Ellen Show to showcase their elected mind dance moves. Hahaha! Nice one. People were blue. Okay, so something that I see everywhere in the Philippines in parks and wherever I walk. Now, always people dancing, you know? You go to the mall and you have the mall stuff dancing. You go to the park and you have friends from very young to very old age. Everybody gathering to dance and doing TikToks and whatnot. It's so fun and it's, you know, the best part about it is nobody's judgmental. So if you do that in Austria, everybody would be like, what's going on? But in the Philippines, it's normal. It's actually... People were blown away by how good they were despite being at a very young age. This gave them the opportunity to meet and perform with the one and only Wow! Ariana Grande. Oh my god! Wow! If you want to, would you guys join me for let me heart it? Yeah! And then you guys can just do it. And I would like it. Wow! Wow! That's huge. They even made an appearance in Hollywood in a popular dance movie franchise called Step Up. In 2021, 80% of the Philippines and the yearly YouTube fan fest gathered with SB19 and also have done multiple collaborations for them. What I really like about these types of performers are their songs, visuals, and dance breaks. But did you know that another Pinot artist had already been utilising dance breaks in the early 2000s? Enter! All right! In my opinion, this dude has got to be one of the most underrated Filipino artists ever. Barely does anyone give them the credit he deserves anymore. Most people only see him as some goofy guy with a few dance moves, but little did they know that one of his greatest achievements was being able to perform with the king of pop himself, Michael Jackson. Wow! I am blown away. This is so cool. Oh my goodness. She can't dance. Okay. Yeah, I was just about to say I recognised those dance moves from Michael Jackson and then they is dancing with Michael Jackson. What the heck? It's so unreal thinking that they actually practiced together and even had some cool interactions. In Florida, they were really active in the art gates because they were really active. I was like, what's going on in my school? I was like, my school is going to be on my way. I was like, I'm going to do a lot of things. I was like, I'm going to do a lot of things. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm going to do a lot of things. If I just go to work, I'll just say, no, hi, my name is Michael and I just want to tell you that there are better games on that side. I'm going to do a lot of things. I'm just the one who's just doing what I do. Imagine Son of a... Son of a... This experience inspired Billy to pursue a career in show business. He started releasing songs. Good times, good music. Back then, oh, it's good. And even landed an interesting role in Hollywood in one of those exorcist movies. Oh, that was a very extreme one. Don't ever touch me with that again. And did you know that Billy actually sang the iconic Pokemon theme song in its first movie? You know, I have a pleasure to sing the theme song for the movie. I mean, first and then it's in the movie you go on here. It's a great achievement. I'm just going to keep doing here. I'm going to keep me awake tonight. This man is definitely full of achievements and I'm not even done yet. The early 2000s was when he hit his prime with these songs. I can't remember this song. All right, yeah, his quite the career was there. This music broke into the charts all over Europe and even reached number one in the Netherlands. The name Billy Crawford became big. He was like the Justin Timberlake of Europe. Just look at this crowd. I think that was the most popular song. Bonjour, tout le monde j'ai ma belle Billy Crawford. Most recently, he just became the champion of the latest season of Dance With The Stars in France. Wow. Oh, how I want to dance like that. That's big. Like seriously, did this man ever age? What? Don't suit him. Perhaps it makes sense while he is she don't success because the man is hard working. In fact, he has been working hard since he was four years old in a popular Filipino variety show called That's Entertainment. And at that time, he worked with one of the best Filipino artists ever. Just like Billy, Leah started working at the very young age and at 10 years old, she was already able to release her solo. Oh, yeah. So most of Filipino artistes start at a very young age and everybody that I know from now being big in the Philippines and internationally, actually started at a very young age. So very hard working. I am about to spend a little bit. At age 17, she auditioned for Miss I Gone to get the lead role of Kim. Sharing the sky. We have been blessed. You and I. The Gettin' Look of the best producers obviously tells that they have already found what they've been looking for because not only did Leah hit the high notes, but also perfectly executed the low notes. She then secured the role and went on to make history by becoming the first-ever Asian actress to win a Tony Award. And the Tony Award goes to... Nice! Leah Solonga. Miss I Gone. She also played the role of Epinene and Fantene in the musical Lay Miss A Rob on Broadway. Just take a look at this exclusive club. Anyone would kill to get included in there. Now that's something to be proud of. I don't know why that. Also became the singing voice of not just one. Ah! What is it? Staring scream by the camera. She's singing Moulin. But she was just a princess. Oh my god, the ending just been... That gives me goosebumps, these are literally my... What are my favorite childhoods? Achieving such a feat is incredibly rare, so the Walt Disney company honored her to become one of the few Disney legends. She went through discrimination in the past. Oh, they're not gonna see you. They're not gonna see you because you're Asian. I'm sure there are people out there who are just waiting for me to mess up. But that didn't stop her from achieving her dreams. To this day, Leah Solonga's legacy has already been immortalized as she became an inspiration for aspiring performers for generations to come. I know that you wanted more people to be included and I promise you I will in the next videos. What? Let me explain that her flight doesn't fly? Because the wind moves it. It flies because of the Filipinos who are proud to wave it. Super nice video. Yeah, hard work, guys. These are definitely some extraordinary talents that we saw today. Let me know what you think about them. Today only new SB19 so far and Billy Crawford just from the song. But I couldn't remember him as a Filipino guy, you know. He's just like, wow, that's very unique. And yeah, I would say that was it for today. I think I'll do part two because I'm curious to see who else is in that list included. And very interesting for me is also that most people when they start out and pursue their dreams, they get ignored, they get loved at. And you know, people only to see who they are, what the talent is once they have achieved great success. So if nobody believes in you, believe in yourself. We'll see you tonight. And I'll see you guys next time. What's up Philippines?