 Hey guys welcome back to my channel, so I'm going to react to Filipino kids nailing songs in English. If you have been on my channel, I feel like at this point I'm a Filipino fan account because all I do I react to people, amazingly talented people from Philippines nailing everything doesn't matter what language it is, what genre, anything. They're just on top of the top of the best artist vocalists I have ever seen and heard in my life. So I'm very very curious about what kids can do because in my comments you said that everyone in Philippines since you are born you just sing. So I can't wait to hear and being blown away potentially so yeah let's get right into it. So my life is even better. I can't taste the tension like a planet's open the air Now I'm breathing like a groin because I'm taking me less, don't you know? Oh, it's been me, oh yeah! Sorry but like, that's what I'm talking about. Like grown people don't sing like this. Like artists who are mainstream artists cannot do this. What? That is so much control. And I don't even know if he has like his voice has broken at this point. Like his voice has broken at this point. Like, what? So many qualities I mean apparently anyone can sing in Philippines even if you're a child. Like you're a kid like going into the teenage years. Like you can do anything you can belt, you can be soft, you can be emotional, you can be strong, you can do everything you want. Like your high lows mids everything just runs everything like... Uhhh... So cute! Hello! Nobody gets cheap but you don't know what it's much harder to get than I'm waiting in line. Oh, I love you already. And nobody gets cheap but you love anyone. It's as high as a mountain and harder to climb. That's my brother. Woo! With a turn away from a night, the tears we had to cry, you're my land! Like you know when, I mean you don't know because I mean who knows when you are this little cute kid. And you're just like kind of shy on the stage. And then you just open your mouth and everyone is just melts. And then for some reason you can even belt. And it's just, and you can see that it's not forced. Nothing, it's just you just open your mouth and it just comes out. Oh my dear god, I'm so... I don't even know what I'm. I'm just in awe of talent that field people have. Well... And the run. Seriously, a run. Hey, how you doing? Hi, how you doing? The sing, a beyond the song. I'm sorry that got me so shocked. I don't even know why because I should have expected that. Oh my god, I got like I still have goosebumps. You can see that and I have tears in my eyes. Oh my god, that was... Oh my god, the singer beyond the song. Like that. And they confident. Three, all three. I took them and I trained you in anywhere. Like the craziest thing is there's no tension, there's nothing. It's just, he just opened his mouth and it just flies out. I was just so shocked that I have no words. I can't just explain this because it's not okay. It's not okay but it's not okay. Oh my god, I will try not to stop as much of Verderon because... Dear God, this is insane. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. He just a standard note for how long? Oh my god. Again, I just got tears. Like, oh my, it's so beautiful. I don't understand. How is this real? How are these kids like actually alive? And how are they capable of what just happened? I don't understand. Like the quality, like the confidence that just full on the characteristic of the person itself. As a child? I would never have confidence to do those things. Okay, maybe at home I would do that. But not on the stage in the national television and potentially people around the globe will see that too much nerves. I would just be shy and just calm and that's it. But these kids were like slaying the game. Like there was no hiccups whatsoever. Wow, I hope they're like... I don't know how long ago this was filmed. I just hope they all recognized and just incredibly like... and knowledge of what they are. And I hope they're proud of what they're capable of. Because this is... Chef's case and... Five stars from me. Like if I can give more and more I would... In some ways, I will go now. If you know where these kids are now, who are they? Let me know and I want to know about them. And if they're like well known or there's any other performances of them. Leave that in the comments down below. And I'll see you next time. Bye-ya.