 Hi guys, how are you? I'm Abouhoi, I'm Gandangabi and welcome back to MGND Echo, Aravusio Vela and a while back, you guys actually requested this video. And I'm talking about the Mikey Bustos video of Filipino mythical creatures rap. Alright, so he made a song about Filipino mythical creatures. But at the time, I wasn't familiar with these creatures, so I didn't think that it would be interesting to me. But now, you know, that I've brushed up on the Filipino mythical creatures by reacting to one video and also by watching Teresa. So you know, I'm familiar with them. I know what a tech bar line is and what a mananangal is and all that stuff. So I thought that today would be the perfect day and I'm expecting to see all those creatures in this video, okay? Alright, but before we start, please consider following me on Instagram at Music, Game, News and guys, it's been forever since I reacted to Mikey Bustos. I mean, is he still even active? You know, because of the pandemic and all. I honestly have no idea. So let me know in the comments section. Alright, without further ado, let's get to it. See, I know you guys have a bunch of like witches, but I don't remember the name of those witches. Is that a tennis ball? Did the tennis ball. Whoa, that is some fantastic makeup. Nanae is it grandma? I thought grandma was Lola, not Nanae. Who's got a third eye? People have a third eye? That is crazy. Nice. Hey, that's what Alexander Tresse said in the first episode of the anime Tresse. I think this is the coolest Filipino creature. You know, I'd like the design of Capre and I like the fact that he's not really dangerous and he smokes cigar chilling on a tree, you know. He's very chill. Oh, okay. He tried. It's hard to represent Tegbalan. Yeah, it's really tough, man, but the Tegbalan in Tresse is very cool. Oh, okay, so that's the white lady. That's the ghost, right? The ghost that was represented in the first episode of Tresse, right? I think that's who that is. So I hear this white lady only attacks men that drives caps. Taxi, taxi caps. It sounds stupid. Huh, I don't know if they mentioned mermaids in the video that I watched of Filipino mythical creatures. These creatures remind me of Greek mermaids, you know, in the story of how do you call him in English? I know him in French, you know, or Ulysses or something in English, where you know they're on the boat and mermaids get around the boat and start singing in their beautiful voice. And so Ulysses and his men get completely drawn by these mermaids and they almost got killed by them. You know, like their ship, I think, was going to be, was going to sink because of the mermaids. I'm not sure, you know, like this is very hazy. I used to follow Greek mythology when I was a kid, but it's been a while. So I don't remember it correctly. But yeah, all I'm trying to say is that these mermaids remind me of the Greek mermaids. Oh, nice, I have to listen to this one again. By day I'm an ordinary gal. By night. Manana gal. Manana gal is really scary, man. Oh, burning, right? Wow, he went all out, huh? I really appreciate his dedication. Hey. Hey. Hey. Oh, okay. So he made this rap song around the time when Pacquiao was about to fight Floyd Maywe. What happened to my bee? No, don't worry. The characters in this video are mythical and are not true. Mabuhai. Except for the dwindee, they are real. Go Pacquiao. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, he forgot about the ticbalang, right? Isn't the ticbalang that baby? That's scary baby that ugly baby? I think that's what it is. He didn't show the ticbalang. I think the ticbalang is very important, man. It's so creepy. The ticbalang. Wait, ticbalang. Well, anyway, I don't remember the name, but that baby, that creepy baby, that's the one that really scares me. And the, of course, the Manana gal. There you go, guys. I really enjoyed it. It's very detailed and I love his dedication. Like I said, you know, all the makeup. I think the horse could have been done better and it would have been great if he could have, I don't know, somehow showed us how the Manana gal, right? The woman, the Manana gal cut in half, you know, because they zoomed on his upper half, you know, so in our heads, he doesn't have a lower half, but it would have been great if he could like show us the guts and stuff. You know, like in the, in the, in the pictures and the drawings and everything. That was fun, man. I'm sure that if I had reacted to this one in the past, when it had just come out and I didn't know anything about the mythical creatures, I don't think I would have enjoyed it, but today I really did enjoy it because I could relate. All right, also let me know in the comment section below if you finished watching the Recye and did you like it. But I'm Imar Amin Senama, thank you so much for joining me as usual, you guys are the best to care for yourselves, have a great day and I will see you in the next one. Peace. Thank you for watching, subscribe here and please like the video to show your support and appreciation for my work and turn on the notification bell to be poked for future content. Yay!