 Future Friday. The freshest. Ica one compass. Not gonna lie, I'm so pampholized. One of my favorite songs of the year, one of my favorite songs of moitas have ever written. I think it means compass. Compass? Compass? Yeah, actually it means that. I've never looked at a lyrics. We've always looked at a lyrics today. I think I thought of here it meant something to do with culpa, I think. Colpain Spanish means fault. Like guilt. Guilt. Guilt, guilt. Let's give it a watch. She's one of my favorite singers of his year and she watches as well. I freaking love her, she's adorable, she's the greatest human of all the band. I don't know if I can say we're friends. I don't know, I think we're friends. But she occasionally watches. Correct. Which makes her an acquaintance. Yes, I fret. Yes. Ica one compass. I love this song. What is Maya? Which one? One, oh seven, five, mother. Okay, the projections of the background. Cool. Yeah, what the hell is this? They said upgrade, okay? What's the bank? Ning matelin Cutter. Exploitation is love. اbelan,ts על كافلان . And i'am it and i'am yours. And l maintenance. Everybody Okay, you could tell me that listen You know what? Wait, does it sound actually exactly as I was actually You could if this was anywhere else in the world and this was like you were showing me this from anywhere else in the world I'd say odd they're totally dubbing this because it just sounds exactly the same as the studio It's right away just you guys know I'm not talking shit look at my number one Artists right now. I mean some mad playlist Moira elator in number one. Kisha coke. Yeah, Kisha coke. So I can write by the idea which is from the power Thalolopus. This is actually Baleska's account, but when we listen in the house or use her account But if you listen to this It's actually in the same Minus reverb is actually the same What the freaking eating CDs Moira. Wow There's no way to know I want to know that mean is it lily that's how I say at least like bang parito What a song broke what a song I've been singing it for all my whole day all the time I just realized That's that is so good Oh, he does a double strut Cool I freaking love that I like that Oh, he just does the right Oh Oh Oh You know what? I think she could actually, like say, I think she could sell our stadium right now or like the The Philippines, you know the Philippine arena thing was like 80,000 people the place would like still Janela Saludora and Stephanie were like walking down the stairs in Disney shit That place I think she could sell out that place and imagine people Ica Won Kumpa like you would be ridiculous or did talk a lot was some One that's that's probably some of the year for me, but we were listening You know like Spotify and like you to music they give you the amount of songs and times you've listened to a song There were two songs I replayed the most this year One of them was by an artist called Lizzie McCulley Who's like an American artist and then the same thing you played that song? It was a 1997 times I listened to the same songs when I do legs or when I do like a couple body work like working out and Ballets and stuff like that and then a moida at a torus was like 597 597 at times I listen to the talk I like Because what I do is I go like maniac mode because when I work out it's like the only time I go to kind of disconnect a bit Like Jim was not like tennis and I just play one song that I like a lot and then I put it in loop I think that's iconic. Yeah, so I don't think of nothing. Yeah, no, naturally I go like in a trans mode and then I just go mental insane I do agree though that this particular arrangement here It's just bringing different colors and dynamics to the forefront The they're such beauty to more moidas voice and I think Gee really excels in this environment like this is literally her place Some of her greatest performances I think personally have come from the wish bus wish bus that collab she did with A third December, I was one of our favorite compositions. We have on her in the wish bus I think I also belong I belong to the suit with the moida in the wish bus freaking brilliant There's a ton of moments in the wish bus that by moida that are just magical to me She also sang with silt didn't she that's right. Oh, yeah, that's right. That was so unexpected. What I meant to Cola It was actually really cool to have like that that idea of like mixing different genres and still maintaining their own personal sound It was pretty cool. I also find that in in this in this way the way that she's singing She's also in her possession like in her posture She's leaning forward towards the mic and she's creating pressure from underneath the tummy muscles like right underneath the belt area So she's actually pushing air to open to find that openness But she's also finding such a beautiful mixed sound that is just is just before the belt It's just before that big openness that big Full-fall emotion and holding that balance there. It's freaking She's joking. I think she's perhaps if not the best example of what you can do with principle So just less is more stylizing and finding your own style and then being able to deliver a message And emotionally as well as it is it it'll air if it's funny it feels sometimes like compare obviously the I'll check out the lyrics at the end but comparison times feels like a worship song a bit It does like if you have been to church or you're like cat cat what's your question Christian Christian worship a lot. Yeah, it does I agree. Yeah It's a great part of seal It was a hard Big shout-outs are from around the very evening. I like them It was actually a really balsy move to go for the for the for the for the stroke row in the in the snare at the beginning Yeah, quite balls especially when you're using a electric In a live setting like that because you don't really have the same Feedback and feel I feel like it sometimes it doesn't pick it up because it's so light So I get I feel like sometimes I don't know what I know I feel I feel My personal opinion I don't play the drums, but sometimes I feel like when when you do like light stuff like that in the drums in In an electric kid I feel like what if you don't want too many will pick it up or if you do want too light You won't listen Nowadays the technology is kind of so good especially rolling kids like the one they're playing I don't know which one that is this TV whatever the fuck They're amazing. Yeah, they're pretty good at that the problem is the It's the latency. Yeah, so it's the same as like when you have a microphone You have to put it not only through a filter and then you have to put it through a sound sound Sound card, right? And it goes through the soundboard sound card of the computer like you lose a lot of stuff So that that's what can happen, but nowadays the heptic feedback of the actual like a snare and everything Yeah, it's great like they do a really good job of that. It's just It's just bosey because As the drummer yourself, you know getting it's not like the exact same feel like this But you can definitely kill a gig on an electric kid Oh Asaya gorgeous gorgeous absolutely stunning I She's had so much influence in the industry there I love that middle So so delicate So Nice So good so good so good shut down. Yeah, that's that was class. Yeah, that was class I love you know when something is really good Uh, between musicians like you've rehearsed this a couple of times maybe a lot of times These are things that you have in your repertoire and when your musicians when you finish a take your musicians look at you and be like Hey, that's that's it. That's the freaking fire. How can it be recovered? All that has been said. I didn't think so you will be you will come suddenly without warning In an instant everything is new. I cannot take it anymore. No more pretending You are the compass when lost You are the color of the blue sky with every storm that comes you are the shelter I need Even if you don't know how many times to have you saved me you are the destination and my end London Milan London Dubai London Bank of fuck, you know, how can you be how can you believe it? Uh, you are right in front of me. It was not planned. It will not it will be I will be captivated by the ganto What the fuck? Ganto me Ganto Wicked sonarie Latin what that maybe some mistranslation Is this true in an instant I'm new. I can't take it anymore separated from you. You are the compass when lost So it does mean compass Yeah, you are the color because in in Spanish it mean compass like Oh, but brujula you would really use no compact compass Compass. Yeah, sometimes you do as well and as well, but it's with an oh and a sea instead of one Yeah, it wouldn't be a cun it would be calm. Yeah, calm But brujula brujula is more creative. Brujula is more than as well. You think yeah, but isn't brujula what they actually Brujula Yeah, isn't that what you actually mean? But you can also say compact compass. I remember that Compass Conceit Maybe it's with this It's with this. Yeah, it's with this. Yeah, it has an accent that compass. All right There you have it. Well, I'm very happy. I'm always happy for especially when she has successful performances like this because I It what I said before is like the the influences she's had in the industry Obviously so noticeable in the new generation And the problem is that this is actually such a difficult style to come and perform live So successfully all the time especially in big crowds and in big arena in an environment like this like the wishpost this is actually a A favorable environment for this style of music especially with moira the state that she said in her career She has become so comfortable at this because a lot of her more iconic performances and the recent watches Gathered so many fans at least in my eyes has been through these performances. I also think that she has mastered this environment and and and has brought to light and how many wonderful Details you can really bring to life in this type of environments again She has also turned the tables around and provided the the live arena and music Show as well to this which is the difficult part of of this genre and this style the style of singing turns out She's touring as well. So do watch out for that. She's gonna tour in 2023. I was gonna say you know this style The reason why she's become so good at it There's been a few obviously artists from all over the world that have also really captivated and encapsulated emotions in this manner and Are able to sing it so well live? Yeah, sing her some right or folk in the Yeah, there's been there's quite a few from all over the world Spain is a great one. Palo Lopez would be a great one Not maybe not the style but like in terms of encapsulating emotions This great once in Spain. There's great once in Malaysia in the Nisha South Korea USA. You okay? But I think this style comes at a price I think for you to in order to encapsulate these emotions you you actually have to Get your hub broke Yeah, I guess that's the cliche we have seen it But it's like you have to really go through a turmoil of emotions And I think life has to slap you around a few times in order for you to truly understand and then becomes so relatable to such a huge amount of people I also think you have to you have to Realign with those emotions like because you might because you might be Feeling all of these things because we're our humans. We all go through these things And I think that's why they make it so relatable. That's why they hit home Even with the language barrier like what I know what that song essentially is trying the story is trying to tell correct without me knowing the lyrics up on to now And the brilliant thing is like it's it's not just Feeling in them emotions. I think it's coming coming to peace with them as well and like Broves is in like how how can I put towards exactly what I'm feeling and a lot of the times you hear this Singers and writers actually talk in depth and you they they find themselves Not doing justice to the emotions that they're they're going through because it's such a full full human spectrum of things like Everybody goes through this even if you've never had your hard broke and you understand the pain because There's always loss. There's always movement. There's always Change in life and they yeah, so as I said, you know the emotions of feeling lost There's always the emotions of not knowing whether you're making the right decisions not just in love for a live friendship It's not it's not directly romantically it's it's a human experience. Yeah, but I I I value this the style of music so much because it takes so much courage It's taxing but also it seems from the conversations we've had with artists that also do this double style It seems to be quite cathartic for them. I can't imagine Yeah, the process of that and then the writing of such songs and stuff and huge admiration for us I've always said and the show all the love and support and at the oath get tickets