 There is a large population of the Philippines that is in poverty and yet they still make the effort to try and help each other. This is one of the values that I adapted so much in my life. Maybe they don't have much, but they're just so happy to give and help you out. What's up Philippines? Welcome back to another reaction video with the host Nelly. I'm so happy to see you smiling faces again. Today we're reacting to a video. Ooh, that is very, very interesting. What can Filipinos teach the world? I know a thing or two, but let's watch this video to see what this person has to say. Let's see if we agree or disagree. How we? Hi everyone, it's your favorite half-alapena and I'm back with another video. Today we are going to be talking about the five values that Filipinos can teach the world. So let's get into the video. Before I actually start the video, I want to say thank you so much to the people who have supported me on TikTok and YouTube. Very, very cute. Such kind things. Like, I feel so much more welcomed by the Filipinos and the Filipino community. I love to be part of the Filipino community. That's something that I really identify with now. So, that's me too, went away. So much again to all those people who are now supporting me on YouTube and TikTok. I love you guys. Malikita. Anyways, let's get right into today's video. Okay, so the first value that I think Filipinos can really teach the world is respect. Respect is something that we all need and everybody wants to be respected. Filipinos know how to respect people. We do many different things to ensure that people feel respected and it's just inner culture. One of the many things. Very, very true. To respect elders. A cold man. Mannelly. So that's when you take someone's hand, usually another hand and you bow down and put it on your forehead. This is not even Bosnia too, but away. Respect. Usually you do this one year with your family. Like, and you are with your aunties or your cuyas, whatever. It's a sign of respect. And I think that's really important to be respected. I agree. Your family members especially if they're older than you. Another thing is that please keep that. If you have a kid, teach them. The rituals who are older than themselves, they use both. Filipinos can also use phrases like atte, cuya, tito, tita, etc. And this is like even though they're just like, I bought an 80 by the way. Sister, uncle, auntie, like even though they're just things like that, I still consider those phrases something that is showing respect. You are respectfully calling your family members or even your friends as we even just threaten people on the street. A person that you acknowledge and that you respect. So that is something that many people should actually learn from. Because in Canada, I agree. I agree. Some people can be very disrespectful. And they have... In Europe too. Very low respect for maybe not just themselves, but also the other people around them. And Filipinos, I think, I have it right. And they should maintain the culture of using all atte, cuya, tita. Number two would be to be grateful. Filipinos can teach us to be great friends. Because there is a large population of the Philippines that is in poverty. And it's very, very unfortunate to see this. And it also teaches us, and especially me as a person living in Canada. To be grateful. And thankful for whatever. I just have to pause here because this is one of the values that I adapted so much in my life. When I lived in Austria or when I lived in the US, I kind of like lived a very privileged life, right? With no worries because in Austria you just covered by the government. No matter what happens. And then you travel to Southeast Asia and then specifically Philippines where you see poverty so much as well. And you see how happy the people are, how grateful they are for the things that they have in life. And that reminds you to stay grounded, to be grateful, to share your blessings. And yeah, it's definitely one of the values that I adapted as well. I just ingratitude on a daily basis. It will change your life. Because I know that I have opportunities that they do not have. I have education. I have food. I eat three times a day, sometimes even four. Sometimes these kids don't even eat at all in one day. Sometimes these kids cannot go and get a quality education like me. Some of these kids may get sick and their parents cannot pay their medical bills. Yeah, because I'm very, very grateful to have everything I have. And especially when we have free healthcare. So collectively, we all need to think about the situation we are in and compare it to people like those in the Philippines who do not have as much as we have. They have it 10 times worse than we do. And even though here everything might be expensive, everything is tiring. At least we are in a house. At least you are in an apartment maybe. Or you have a car. At least you have some things with you. And you're... Okay, when I go back to Austria and I talk to friends or family or whatever, and they start complaining about things. I'm like, this is a first-world problem literally. But I mean, I tried to hold back because I also know that they don't know different lives, right? They are just used to that one life that they have. So they are just complaining about whatever happens. But I'm like, they're coming from the Philippines and I'm like, it's not really something to worry about. You should just move on. So you have some things with you and you're living in a country that is relatively safe, such as Canada, not America. The third value that you have is Canada and USA is safe. Filipinos usually help on another very true, almost all the time. For me and my family, even though sometimes we can't help them, we're still here and you know, we send money when we can. Filipinos, as I said before, majority of them are in poverty. And yet they still make the effort to try and help each other, for example, by sharing leftovers. I even saw a video on TikTok recently of a man on the street sharing a chicken leg with a dog. And he was still happy, he was grateful for it, but he was helping another animal to survive. That is very true. So what I have experienced through my travels within the last two or five years is that whenever I approach Filipinos, I would always be greeted with a smile, with respect of course, and with a great gesture of hospitality. People would just come and offer me food, drinks, and maybe they don't have much, but they're just so happy to give and help you out. I found myself in so many situations where my car broke down and then the whole time would just come and just help. And no matter what you need, there's always a helping hand in the Philippines. So I think that's really important. And something that I now value is to help another person or to help other people. And you also need to learn how to be supportive. And Filipinos have showed me that. I'm going to help other people, I'm going to be supportive of other people. I'm going to say, you know what? Here's some money, go get food, go get your medication. Helping one another can get us through like storms. And I think that's really important to understand because you never know what's going to happen in the world. And you try to adapt that as well in my life. It's much easier than that. We can get out of whatever troubles we have. Currently, the next value, which is number four, would be family and patience. So much. There are many cultures out there that are family oriented. But I believe that Filipinos are very, very family oriented. Yeah. I think that Filipinos always stick together. My family, my dad's family, who they are Filipino. They always stick together. Even though there may be some little time where something went wrong or something happened. And they weren't as close anymore. At least they still acknowledge that they are a family. Yes, it's the same in my culture as well. Bosnia. Oftentimes, money will be sent to the individual who needs money to buy medication, pay hospital bills, etc. We still need to love our family. And one thing about family is everything. Many Filipinos will keep their parents in their house. Filipinos want their family to be close to them. And for me, I also want my parents to be close to where I am. I would like to take care of my parents because they took care of me. I don't want to be... That's so beautiful. I can't do that. I don't want to care. I'm still a week with my parents at this age. I'm just like, I know that it's very difficult. I love them. I love you. I love your parents. I love you mom. I love you dad. Many people today are busy. But you have to think about what comes first. And that is family and you. So Filipinos can really teach that value to the whole world. I'm not saying that it's bad to put your parents or somebody in a home to be taken care of. But it's also important to remember that your family was there for you and you should be there for them when they needed. In addition to that, Filipinos love to hang out with each other. Especially family. Family is a big thing and especially for me. Friends, you're back again. You feel like you belong somewhere. So knowing that family is everything in the Philippines, that can be used as a lesson to other people and to Westerners to now understand that family doesn't just mean, oh, I'm married to you and we have kids. Family also means that you love that person and that you love your kids. She has such a beautiful voice. Thank you. As well as your parents, as well as your significant others' parents, and etc. Now that also brings me on to my next point, which is the last value, which is love. I think Filipinos know how to love, love, love. Love? I think Filipinos know. Yeah, you guys love me so much and I love you and we love each other. And it's just beautiful. The type to be very warm hearted and they show the love and the support to almost anyone if you are in trouble, if you are having difficulty they're there to support you and they still love you no matter what. I had someone recently comment on my TikTok profile after I uploaded my last video on YouTube there saying no matter what you become, well, still love you. I had a few of those comments as well. I love that. I love that. About Filipinos. The love and support is just incredible. Romantic sense all the time. Sometimes it's love within the heart, love within the soul. We need to learn how to love everyone and everything that we have. And that can tie into being grateful and respect and helping another person who is less fortunate than you, family orientation, etc. So love, it's really the glue that holds everything together. And that Filipinos can really demonstrate. For example, you can also use love in your job. There are many, many Filipino nurses. Yes! Yes, nursing me in the culture of Filipinos. And it has been in the culture of Filipinos for years. But it also is in our culture because Filipinos know how to love and be respectful. They know how to care for one another. And this is very, very important and relevant in the world because we need to go and wake up every single day telling ourselves we love ourselves, we respect ourselves and everything else. Period. Okay guys, I hope you enjoyed this video. Nice! If you did, please subscribe and leave a like. Definitely subscribe to her channel. It's Julia Montveregan and I'll see all of you next time. Bye, Alam! Alam! Wow! Nice video! Well, I mean, first of all, that was really relaxing to watch, right? I mean, her voice is so beautiful, so nice, my rising. It just calmed me down. I'm getting goosebumps from just like, what the fuck about it? But yeah, she had some really, really good points. I agree to all of the mentioned points. Let me know in the comment section down below what you think that Filipinos can teach the world. What other values do you have that others should strive for or that you are proud of or that you just need love to mention? Let me know in the comment section down below. Also subscribe to my channel, the link is like where I share a little bit of my travels, my life and all the little things in between. And the message is always linked in the description box as well. If you want to connect with me on Instagram, Lyslife, other than that, I'll see you guys in the next video on... With the subs Philippines! Bye, bye! Oh, and don't forget to subscribe to this channel if you're not subscribed yet and hit the notification bell, and it was in! Bye, bye! Thanks for watching!