 Hey guys, welcome to our YouTube channel. Welcome. In today's video, you're going to talk about why we might consider leaving Demigeti. I would actually say it's a stronger than might. I think it's got to the point now. It's just, well, when are we going to move? Because we've both decided after the latest incident that we feel like it's time to move on from Demigeti. Yeah. And today we're going to talk about why and the reason why we might move or getting out of Demigeti, we're going to discuss that in this video. And this is not something like a clickbait. This is literally like, it's been a few times that this happened, this kind of stuff. And that pushed us really to think about, check out other cities. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the biggest problem we have here is also the greatest thing we have here. Yeah. You know what I mean? And what I'm talking about is the foreigners, the foreign population. Here's the problem. Before we explain what's pushed us to the point where we feel like we just, we just need to get out of Demigeti, let's talk about the population of foreigners here because it's exploded. So many for us? So many. And now we've been in Demigeti for three and a half years. Yeah. And of course, when we arrived, it was the lockdowns, the COVID and all that. So there was nobody traveling. And but the foreign population was, there was still a few foreigners here, but not much. Not right. Now, like everywhere you go, there's always going to be a foreigner, so one, two, three foreigners. That's right. So it is a problem. And especially because of lockdowns, people were often at home, stuck in their country, stuck in their homes. And a lot of people took to things like YouTube, especially people that, you know, that mistrived and wanted to come to the Philippines. The best thing you could do was watch it on YouTube and dream. So I mean, we did it ourselves. And you know, I'm not going to deny it. We were influenced to come to Demigeti because of YouTube. Yes, that's true. We've watched a lot of YouTuber. Yeah. And we're beginning to find out a lot of people have come here because of the influence of YouTube, because people have just been watching so much about Demigeti, seen so many successful vloggers and good vloggers that have been living out here that have really painted Demigeti in a wonderful place. And it is a good place. We're not locking Demigeti. We're going to get to our issues in a minute. But yeah, we make so much friends in here. Yeah. So here's the thing. The population here has exploded so much with foreigners, but with a higher population of foreigners, yeah, you've got some really good people, but you get a lot more bad people coming into or people not necessarily bad. I might be being unfair there, but people maybe you just personally won't get on with there just different from, you know, you are. Different beliefs, different views, you know. Right. And here's the issue we're going to get to on it, but I'll explain it a little bit up front. There's a lot of foreigners that come to the Philippines and just don't know how to adjust to the culture over here. They don't know how to adjust to living under Philippine rules. And I understand, I was talking to you earlier about this and it's been here a long time. And at first, I think, you know, we just had this arrogant way about us sometimes. We just think our way as the right way. And we get irritated at the Philippines for the way they do things because it's different. But regardless, it's their country, it's their rules, whether we agree with it or don't agree with it. I know, but we have to respect it. We have to respect the way the Philippines culture is, the way they live over here. And unfortunately, there's just too many foreigners that do not. Would you agree with that? Yeah, they don't want to do that. They come here in the Philippines and they expect the Philippines to change for their, you know, like culture. You know, you cannot do that. The Philippines will never change for you. You have to come here and adjust just to put up with it. Like, you know, I'm so proud of Gary because when maybe in the first years or two years, you struggle how to adjust. But now that you've been living here for five years, you know, adapting the culture that it is the Philippines, this is how the Philippines works. You just have to put up with it if you want to live here. You know, if you can't deal with it, you know, the borders are free for you to live, you know. But, you know, I'm saying is you cannot come here in the Philippines and expect everyone to change for you because that's not going to happen. No. No, so let's talk about the reasons why we feel like we just need to have a doing the getty. And the reason is quite simple. First of all, we have said earlier, we lived it three and a half years. We're in our third house right now. And this house, when we moved in, it's been three months since we moved in this house. We were like, oh, very scarred. This has just been a... We tell everybody that we are so blessed that we found this home. I finally, after three years of looking for like a dream home, we finally had it. Like, it's so perfect. And then it is. The house itself, everything, the location. It is... It is perfect. So what's the problem, honey? It's the foreign neighbors. Do you? Now, first of all, when we moved in here, we live in a house that's kind of hidden. We don't have a ton of neighbors around us. I mean, it has a couple of Philippine people that live in there, more like... Lion. ...Native house type thing. They're close. But there's only one house like that... Well, not even like us. Let me take that back. There's only one big property next to us. That's... It's bigger than our property. It's a huge large. It's huge, yeah. And it looks like, because they built this house on a huge lot. They built it right in the corner, almost like up against the wall, where our house is. So, I mean, literally, you know, just... I would guess about 12 feet away from, you know, the house. Very close, but... And it's not even a house. It is a house, but it's... What do you call it? What do you call a native house? Native house like Payag or Kulbuk, like a bamboo house next to Singapore. They don't... I mean, it's all open right there. They don't have walls that go up to the ceiling. Yeah. Yeah, so, you know, Point being is you're going to hear everything, and they're going to hear everything from us. And I'm guessing it was built that way on a big lot like that, probably with intent to build another house at some point. Yeah. But apparently, they've been there a long time, or they've owned it a long time, and they've done nothing, and the place looks kind of not kept up. Mm-hmm, yeah. And so, probably kind of thought it's their living in the native house. Yep. Next to us. So, before we get to the actual instant, let's just backtrack quick. I don't talk about this for a long time, but the three houses we've lived in, what's the common denominator here for the problems we've had? Four years. We never had a problem with Filipino neighborhood. We never... Well, let's have not a problem with it, but we respect it. So, as an example, some, a lot of foreigners, including me at some point, get bothered by a lot of noise, and karaoke noises, sometimes something that is like... When you just get here in the Philippines, that's how you're still adapting. Even so, I don't like it when you've got a neighbor that's singing awful songs, now, next door, you're the... Oh, please. You never get into the point that you had to say something, because we know this is the Philippines. Exactly. You know, you just told me that, you know, oh, yeah, there's a... Exactly, it is. You never had a feeling that I need to tell them, because they should... Of course you wouldn't. You won't, you respect that. Well, because I know, I know, in fact, that's why, when you're looking for a place to rent or even buy it, whatever, you've got to do your two divisions. You've got to really check out the area, check out the neighbors, if you can, and go there several days and nights to listen, and say, what kind of, you know, things could happen here, or kind of noises and try it your best. But you're not going to eliminate noise, and the Philippine noise, and we're targeting karaoke, because that comes to... Yeah, that's why we make a video that don't come to the... Don't retire the Philippines, and we give a lot of less there. Yeah. That you might have to consider when you come here in the Philippines. Right, you know? So the first house, again, we had some issues with foreign-led release issues, but, and after a year, we decided we needed to get out, and then we moved up to another house in Valencia. In Apalong. In Apalong, which was way up the hill, and nice temperatures and everything. It was nice house. Oh, we're so happy. Yeah, nice, and I'm a snake, and... Right, I mean... But the first year, we'd never had an issue, and it was like... It was perfect. It was, so we were happy up there, and then the first time we started to feel uncomfortable, was when we had a little instant with a foreigner who had recently moved in across the street, and is the example we're talking about, a foreigner that wants to impose their culture, their beliefs, their way of life, onto the Philippines. Yeah. So, you occasionally like to do karaoke, and I do too now. I'm becoming a Filipino, so I would actually kind of enjoy it. This is kind of fun. Anyway, and you like to have your friends over now, and then have a party now, and then... So, we had a karaoke machine, which was... Well, it was cheap, but it was relatively... Yeah, we hadn't used it that much. But it was cheap, one of that powerful, and also played music so of you, because you were doing a Zumba, right? Yeah, like so much. So, I don't know what order, but you had a couple of instances. In the middle of a day, I might add, which was it the Zumba of the karaoke first? Karaoke first. Oh, so you have... Middle of a day, lunch, like 12 o'clock, and just... What, did you do in a different hour? I don't think you sung some karaoke songs, and you made the neighbor quite angry. Why don't you just quickly so we can move on? Yeah, so I had my sister and my few friends here who were seeing Karaoke. We don't do that every day, because I had kids who take care of, I got YouTube to do, so of course I don't have much time. So sometimes maybe one or two or so months, I do that. So I was singing in the neighbor, of course, this really was, you know, he said, turn the volume down. So I feel uncomfortable, so I just decided to stop it. So at least, you know, I think they were happy. But the next time we were doing Zumba with my sister in my cousin at the time, and... Yeah, in the middle, of course, you cannot do Zumba at the night, right? So we were doing it around 9 or 10 a.m., so he went to complain again, and I did turn the volume down, and I think he wasn't really satisfied how low the volume is, and they tried to digitate, but I was feeling so disrespectful. I had a videotape over. Yeah, yeah, at least they tried to really show us that they were doing a video like... For what purpose I have no idea. I don't know. She won't do anything wrong. Yeah, and then after they take a video, they went out to take a walk on the... I really saw it slam the door on us. But anyway, they didn't like it. Yeah, and they were not just complaining about it. It's like the whole neighborhood. He did work complaining every time they... It's all the people too, yeah, every time. Like my friend, I make a lot of friends in that place, like in the Philippines. Imposing their way of life, on a single day, you know, it's like... Which is a whole point. Yeah, and then... Yeah, that's... And also, I might add, the two times that they came over to complain, I wasn't there. And they would have known I wasn't there, because you could see my car on my bike, wasn't there. But... Or top top, we had that in our time. So I wasn't there. So after the second instance, you were a little bit upset, which was always really uncool fun. And then you're like, just ruining my family. I feel like I can't sing. I can't do things with my friends. I've got to show up and be quiet. Yeah, you're an actor that we didn't really sing a car. Okay, because we feel so comfortable. Because you know you're bothering someone in there. Yes, exactly. And we are too respectful. But I did after the second time. I did go and talk to him. And we were respectful to each other. But, you know, and we talked it out. And not that we should even have to, to be honest. Really, when the Philippines, you just got to accept this as the way the Philippines are. Even everyone playing, girl. You shouldn't have to negotiate when you're going to play karaoke or how loud you can do a wager. I was told that if we do it inside and close the doors, and everything, and you know, it would be better. But don't do it outside. Yeah. But still, you know, it's like... We've been controlled by neighborhood. If you want to see girl, we had to feel guilty about it. It sucks feeling. So, let's be honest. And that whole time after that, we never felt comfortable. We always bothered. It's like we feel like... Yeah, it's very important. You can't enjoy your home, you know? Because you feel like somebody's going to... You have no freedom. And then not just Pearl. Okay, we did smoking. Like, you know, it's in up the hill. And there's a lot of trees, lots of leaves, and we smoking. They complain as if it's like the way of thinking, you know. I hate that. So, let's move on to the... Yeah. So, we've moved into our perfect house now, and it seems so peaceful, and we've been here... Oh, just up three months. Three months, yeah. And it's been... Actually, bliss. I mean, we've had no noise. There's no dogs. Actually, there's roosters, but you don't even hear it. Yeah, we have hear... And you know, so... There's no karaoke or stuff like that. You know? It's almost so perfect. And then we did buy a new karaoke. It just got a week's of... Because our kids love to do a karaoke. And ask too, because this is the Philippines. You know, everyone's saying, so why can't we do that? Like, you know, that's... Right, so tell the story real quick, because you had a Christmas party, right? Which you were doing a video. Yeah, you were probably watched that before this video. So, we did a Christmas party, Thursday, that was Thursday morning. So, we planned on doing it, like, around 11 a.m. And, but we started playing music. I think that was 12 or 1 p.m. Because we're doing video, you can see, that there's no really booming... Loud, it's only a last part that we did karaoke, at least four or three songs. That's it, because we are so focused on doing our YouTube video. Like, we're doing games and eating and all that. So, we don't really prioritize the singing or dancing, whatever. So, in a ways, while we... That was around two p.m. By the way, we started singing. And we didn't finish... We finished very early, because... While, Jay playing karaoke, our neighbor played a really loud, like, a rock music live. Very mess-ful, well... I wasn't here at the time, but I... I was here. Because it was just a girls' party. Right. We had, like, only 9 or 10 girls come over. Right. Yeah, they did that. And then, when I came up for... I drove and I could... So, what the hell is that? I was like, we never heard of people next door. And then, suddenly, there's this really loud, you know, lasting, heavy metal rock music. No, 3 p.m. D never stopped. It's like a look music, like on and on and on. Like, three or four music coming over and over. Right. Is there someone really there right now listening to it? Who would have listened to that kind of music? Right. Well, it turns out they won't there. They decided to turn the music on, put the speaker face it has blasted up and leave the house so that we could suffer. We find that out later on, because we ended up calling the owner of this house, because they were friends on Facebook, so they sent a message. So, around 9, they went like... Yeah, she said to the owner of this house. She said... She said, we just got home. Yeah, and then she goes, oh, well, we'll turn it off or something like that. And then after they turned off, then they started doing karaoke. At 9 o'clock loud, and they've never done karaoke. They didn't like karaoke, so... It was getting ridiculous, so you decided we got to do something, because this is an act of vengeance. This was, I mean, nobody ever... By the way, the neighbor who is a foreigner, but we didn't even know that. We'd never seen them often. We didn't know that there's a foreigner leaving the house. Never heard anything. No idea. We never really bump in like a talk, say, I don't know, that never happened. I'll tell the incident. So you called the police? Yeah, I'm glad that I had a connection with one of the police here in Temegete, so I made a phone call. And thank you, by the way. Yeah, they were so quick. Yeah, they sent the brown guy here. Yeah, they sent the brown guy over, and their house is so far from their gate, and the brown guy tried to bump their gate. They draw bad stuff, though, but they did not. So they were not there. It was working. Yeah, so I tried to suggest to come climb here, on the ladder, because... We have a ladder here, so they... As I said, that our house is very close to there, so they can... Like, you can just look at their, you know, inside their house. We're just doing the right thing. It's not right for them to play music, just no more, a sense 3PM, and it's already 9. When they come out in the mountains, I'm hoping they put the police food in the mountains. What does it mean? They don't want more, they don't want to be in the mountains. So they climbed up a ladder and yelled to the people and that's when I heard the foreign voice for the first time, and it came over and they explained to them about our complaints. And then it's the sad thing was that they were loud, apparently, to play up to 10 o'clock before this. Whatever you call it, they say you can't do it anymore. So we heard him pretty angry, you know, how much to say he's going to stop it. Yeah, I'll sing until 10PM, that's what he said. And I think the brown guy noticed that he got drunk as well, and then they just told us, there's nothing I can do until 10PM. Until 10PM, if they still singing that loud, you call the police straight to the camp over because the brown guy doesn't want to deal with it because they don't really have, you know. Right, right, so after they left, I thought, you know, this is ridiculous, and now I know he's a foreigner and everything. I do to make contact with him, so I climbed up the ladder and I yelled over. Right, can we meet at the gates of exchange numbers? Yeah. Okay, I'll come up there. Yeah, cool. Thank you. The guy came over, and I asked him, please, we need to talk, do you think we could meet at the gate? Yeah, you know. So you went over to their gate and tried to talk to him? Yeah, I walked up and he came out the gate, and he was respectful, and we were friendly with his juckers, and I explained to him, this is really not good, and he admitted that he was a pissed off because he had a sleep baby. Yeah, he did even revenge. He literally admitted that he did that for revenge. It was so immature at the point. But then, we're not like young people. We're old enough to, if you don't like that loud, you can just go in our gate and say something, right? At least in our first neighbor, he actually had a boat to at least tell us that he doesn't like it, so turn the volume down. In this case, where would they have to revenge? It's like so immature. Right, right. Anyway, so, after talking to him, I mean, he expresses, just like for a lot of the Philippine ways, and other things we're talking about, it doesn't like this. And then, I'm wanting, expecting, you know, everybody will, I live here now, so you've all got to change your way of life, and, you know, that's just the way it is. So, I don't know, I don't know the guy, we were respectful to each other, he was friendly to me, I was friendly to him, but regardless, I came home, we had a bad night, we were both stressed, and we were both stressed, and we were both stressed, and we were both stressed, until now, since that happened, you know, where I had really had a good time with my friends during Thursday, our Christmas party, and, oh, my God, then, oh, it's just... Here is the bottom line. We're living in a, what was the perfect, and we went in our, our little heaven here, and now it turned out suddenly, and we're back in the same position before, we're living this really nice house, nice, everything we wanted, but we don't feel comfortable on the home now, we've got this house right close to us, we know that, every noise that comes out of it, they can hear it, and we know everything's going to irritate them, probably, we can't relax, we can't enjoy our life, we can't have parties, we can't do karaoke, because, do you know me? We are concerned that they might do that as our consequences, rather just be quiet, if that's the consequences, like 3 pm until 10, imagine that, that kind of music, especially. I mean, I don't mind, if the neighbour, you know, will play karaoke, because we know that they really enjoy it, and we do enjoy the same thing, so we respect each other, that's how it should be. Like, and if you are a party, we will respect that, we will be understanding, so if we do a, like, respect, I think that's the key, you know? Yeah, anyway, so that's, that's pretty much it, and we're gonna start, we're gonna start looking at other areas, and this is the little time we can do overnight, you know, because, you know, we're gonna just get up and leave, we've got a family, we've got a blessed school, we've got a whole bunch of stuff, we're gonna have to move, and the whole point is, we're gonna wanna move somewhere, out of Duma Getty, I wanna go somewhere less populated with foreigners, and I'd rather, isn't it sad? I'd rather live in extra Philippines, and I would have fun, and again, when I talk about sad, it's always the minority, the minority of the foreigners, it's not the majority, I have so many friends here, so many good foreigners. I have the same issues. You know, yeah, exactly, and it's like so, but with a higher population, yeah, you might, you meet more friends, you got them, good, but then there's more issues too. Yeah. So, and regardless, I'd hate to leave my friends, and go somewhere, but I don't wanna live in a house, I'm not comfortable living in. I know. I don't wanna feel like I can't relax in my own home, and we both feel that way now, and I, that's not going to, I don't think that's gonna change. Yeah, we actually, I spend our whole night that day, at that night, we spend our thinking about what we're gonna do, why, why this, why we have to be the one who can have that kind of type of neighborhood, like, Well, it is what it is, and our problem, honey, sometimes, is we're too nice. Oh, yeah, I can't. Always respect people. Always respect people. I'm so proud how you deal that situation. Like, you could have gone crazy, and you know, go nasty, but you, like, I love face people talk to them, but I'm not gonna, I don't wanna create enemies, I don't wanna have, because it doesn't do very good, what, what possible work would that do, or anything? Well, it won't do. Well, if you go nasty, if the, if you're dealing with that type of person, it's better for you to swallow your pride and be a better person. Like, you know, it really speaks how, the how people, even people act that way, it really shows their, you know. Anyway, we're better. Yeah, I can, I, We hear we feel like we could complain about it, but it's a bit of a complaining video, so I'm sorry about that. But it's also an educational video, because, you know, We don't wanna be just sharing the good thing about our life, you know, we want to share our emotion as well, that, you know, we want to share that we're dealing this kind of stuff, you know. And I want, for all of us, and the people that, that don't wanna get caught in these situations, just be aware that you've really got to be careful when you're, you're looking for a place to rent, or buy whatever, do you do diligence, and make sure, you know, exactly what the neighbourhoods like, and neighbourhoods are like. And again, you can't always say, in our case, we had no idea. I mean, we just wouldn't have known. We have no idea. In by the way, we never had any issue with the Philippine neighbourhood. Like, I always make friends with the Philippine neighbourhood, because they, most Philippine, I didn't know how to get along with it, I know how to get along with Philippine. I hate to say this, but the Philippine people, are way more respectful than, the foreign people, in general. Yeah, well, what we're not saying that all, not all, never knows. Yeah, okay. That's the minority, it's not even the majority. We make a lot of good friends with foreigners here in the neighbourhood, but as we said, there's a good, and of course, there's gonna be a bad, it's like meeting a Philippine, there's a good Philippine, there's bad, so anyways, thank you. I'm watching till the end, and I'm sorry about the negativity, about this video. Well, it's negativity, but I think it's things people, want to know about, and be aware of some. Yeah. Bye. Well, it's a good, good pie. We're sure we're all good by, anyway, my guys. Thanks if you love my wife's channel, don't forget to subscribe and like the videos. Even this one. Yeah.