 I'm gonna let you like start there one more. Oh, okay, okay, one two three. Oh, what's up guys? Welcome to What's up? Philippines we are back with another reaction video today on this rainy day. That's why you can hear rain drops That was a very scientific explanation. I'm sure you didn't know that How do you guys like my wet look? Comment down below today. I what that's that's how I this called. Oh, okay I glammed I glammed up for you guys today. I'm this quarantine. I glammed down Anyways today we are reacting to Nine signs you are Filipino Nine signs. Oh, wait you see It's science that you are Filipino By the way guys if you know around here welcome to what's up Philippines. This is our reaction channel our main channel is making Heartbleblog where you where we bring you travel lives and lifestyle videos linked right Here it's mainly about our life in the Philippines You might know that we live in the Philippines already for quite some time and We are very familiar with the culture We are learning we're still learning but I think we can say a few things to this video, right? Yeah, well, let's see it first. I haven't seen you in a while. I'll tell you You guys submitted this video. Thank you so much If you want to submit videos that we should react to head over onto our Instagrams at making a happen vlog Or at nellies like underline underline to send us your suggestions. Yes, and if you knew around here Definitely subscribe and turn on the notifications. We have a goal of reaching 10,000 subscribers this week, so Okay, let's jump into this video Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, oh hey We really love the Philippines There are things that are nowhere else in the world Here are some of our favorite signs that you are a Filipino Oh Did I press record? Yes, I did my guess is my guess is These guys travel to the Philippines for quite some time because otherwise they wouldn't be able to yeah I've never heard of the hey Joe show, but it looks like a lot of fun I'm the logo of the show looks very Filipino inspired like the Philippines flags is like elements of it. Yeah, all right Wow This is something that we learned two weeks ago. Yeah Oh my god Okay, okay, so we have a rice cooker here in our home and we as Europeans we don't own a rice cooker So I had to ask our Filipino host How they are Measuring the rice when they put it into the rice cooker Yeah, and he came over and said just like this and put his finger into the rice cooker Very interesting technique, but it worked yeah I can't hear anything either where did the song go? Is the song gone is the sound here? Technical difficulties are so cool back All right experts are keeping cool that is so cool You always see like the towel and like the little fans that the whole thing You know that I actually find that so cute Okay, this is something that we in Bosnia have as well, but We don't practice it that much anymore So we actually when we have guests and the elderly come they usually give the kids a little bit of pocket money or Sweet or whatever and then you actually have to do that gesture to show your respect But I have to say that tradition Faded away due to change of times I would say But it's something that I really love it's just it's super cute and I think it's just the the right thing to do the right way to It's really cool But I don't know So this is for me this is very hilarious because I have caught must because in in my upbringing is you don't leave Leftly food left on the plate like you just you usually say you want that now okay, and you eat it So it's kind of like for us it's never never having food left always finish all the food and when we started trying to get to the Philippines I did notice when we would be like oh nobody's eating it. Okay, let's not waste us. Let's eat it It's so good also it's kind of like almost like an insult towards the cook if you don't finish the the food on the table But here the Philippines people were like did he just do did he did he just do that did he just take the last piece of lethans All of which the lethans skin No But jokes aside as we traveled all over the Philippines We actually got in touch with a lot of people and we learned from you guys that It's a matter of respect as well to just you know leave the last piece Yeah, and I also found this to be true in Mosquito I was found this to be true in China when I went on business trips to China They would always order more food or rice for something to be left after the meal because it's a sign of being poor if you finish all the food So I would be like okay, wow they're bringing out more food. Okay, I will be so much. Let's keep going Finish that order more like them. That's quite a big difference to Europeans, I would say Yeah, it's actually like that Okay, I love it. I love it because we did that Yeah, I mean we we went to a karaoke bar I guess In BGC I think it's called cable there's a blog little pop up right here as really funny See me trying to sing in Tagalog remember lyrics Something something Exactly that was a great great vlog if you missed that you should definitely check it out Mike had so much fun. I had so much fun watching him because I couldn't sing because I'm not good at singing But I think it's the fun part in the Philippines where everybody just you know joins into Sing and dance and have a good time That is so well done Okay, this is something that I when I saw it with the excuse count like what is that but Now it clicks yeah, and we have so many Scenes on the vlog people like this so much footage with these people that are just like Hiding in the background like I don't want to disturb you Funny hilarious So my what's that I don't know should we go back? We know but I know that I hear that often. Oh Yeah, I know it's like it's like oh, I think it's like something something happened like I think it's something like and when you say Hey, everybody kind of reacts to it. Yeah, we should try that. We should maybe go through shagawa and just say oh So picture two times We take a lot of selfies obviously when we're in the Philippines and there's like this It's almost like a signature tone you can't you take a lot of time to say one two But then you take like no time to say free. I've never seen people able to say free so fast anywhere else on planet Earth It's like one two three And you like start there one more. Oh, okay, okay one two three. Oh, what And it took us all to adjust to that because I think we take two or three shots when we are with people yeah, we just stand there like And it's also funny like if it's a group of people then everybody wants to have a combination of self So we would take a selfie with each person then a group self He then a combination of just me and then a combination of just Nelly then with that one person but not that person So it's kind of like always a mix. So we have all like possible combination It's something that I really really love love and miss so much. Yeah, I really miss seeing you guys And that's something that we don't do in Austria that much like we don't take selfies Yeah, because people don't know as an Austria. No, but in general in general. It's not a it's not a thing I know that like here in the Philippines where whenever we go out for dinner with friends Or just see somebody it's always like let's take a picture. So For us it became normal kind of and people just posted to Facebook and Share it with the friends and it's it's very it's a very nice memory Summary. Yeah, it's not really done anymore in Austria. Well, this was a lot as I saw there like Part two and part three of this video as well So if you enjoyed this reaction and you want us to do a reaction to the other two parts Do let us know in the comments down below Guys, how have you been enjoying these reaction videos so far? Is there something you like? Is there something you don't like let us know in the comments down below so we can adapt and make some changes possibly We very new at us making reaction videos So we want to become better and make them as entertaining for you guys as it is for us actually filming these reaction So definitely go down in the comments and let us know give us some feedback Yeah, we had some difficulties to adjust at the very beginning because We use the screen at the beginning and then people are like, oh don't use the screen Put this thing there do this do that so that helped us kind of to evolve Right, but I have to say these reaction videos brought us so much joy During this quarantine time. I hope it did the same for you guys and If you really really enjoyed it a lot and you want to make someone smile share it with your friends, right? So if you like this video give it a thumbs up if you knew around here subscribe if you not have done so yet Do so turn on the notifications and we'll see you guys on the next video on what You