 Hey welcome to a foreigner in the Philippines. Well I thought I'd give you a quick walk around our little guest house as it is right now. We're seem to be having more and more people that are coming to stay so I'd give you an update. Oh look who's there. There she is. So from the outside and this tell it like again. So what's gets in the picture. Oops. So that's the outside and we went to a little bit more trouble than usual when we did declining on this because of something that we saw when we went to a resort with our friend Stephen from Hong Kong and they've done extra cladding and they've taken the inside underneath which is normally left open. Now this grill was put on in a hurry and it was put on on the outside so that's going to have to come off and be put on properly. Now this is the water supply. This goes on to the bathroom and you can see that the cladding has been done really nice of course that's T-Mail. That's T-Mail. Well good grief. Good there. That's a wristwatch up there goodness I'll see that the monster. Now I have to try to get into this. Okay so we're into that door. Put these locks on which we go down at the Chinese store. They're really incredibly cheap. Incredibly cheap and that's the upside. The upside is that they're incredibly cheap. The downside is that they don't work and you have to open with a knife. So that's one of that saw of you from our. Isn't that great? Look at that view from our desk house and eventually when this is all concreted out here it really will be a nice pool. We'll be out there. You walk out straight into the pool and all of this will be concreted, big concretes around. Nicely done we hope and a little some chairs and stuff coming on there. Then we come in. Looks a little bit dark in here. Well let's put some lights on. Oh that's made a lot of difference, hasn't it? So we're really looking at it's pretty dark. Now the way that I envisioned it was that we would have two double bonk beds in here. Beth insisted that she was going to go out and buy this bed so she went, she ordered it. It was ordered before I even knew what had happened and that's what that. Now this actually, this is a work bench in order to get that work wrench out of here. We'll have to cut it down. At the moment it's serving a purpose of sorts. You see that we actually went to the trouble of cladding inside and they don't normally do this and when I suggested this to Fastimeo who was building here and Perry they thought that I was crazy. I think that they agreed that when it was done that it actually was pretty nice. So you can see it better here look. Now normally all of this will be bare rafters but it actually looks really nice. That funny looking thing there is an osquito net tied up out of the day. When you've got a bathroom of sorts as a flushing toilet which is a big plus once again it's all clad on the inside. It's traditional and that's your washing facility until we get a shower fixed up which will be coming and you just wash and it just goes onto the floor and just drains out into the corner. That actually is traditional washing facilities in a bathroom. I'm taking it that is one of the kids who's put up CR which I bet that's telling CR is a comfort room. Actually this is more comfortable the most comfort rooms that you'll see. It's got lights, it's got everything that you actually need. It will be painted probably by the time the next visitor comes we'll have this all painted in. It will actually be very comfortable. And golden has come to get in on the out. Okay. Let's go. Actually this what will be happening here is I've explained on a few other occasions. We'll be putting in an L-shaped worktop countertop and we'll have a microwave and a little we'll have a two plate burner and there's just a plug socket there and it will be like a little mini kitchen but it will work. Come on golden. Let's go. Come on. Yeah take your time we've got all day. Come on honey. Let's go. No we're going out. Yeah. Okay go. Okay. So our pool is actually dry. It's drying out pretty nicely and to the person who said how are you going to make it waterproof well obviously it's going to be smooth or ended, sand and cement and then it will be tiled. Now that plug hole there we've going to quite a bit of research there and if we have one of the special drain covers which they've now designed it would prevent any kid from going down there to investigate and getting sucked onto that plate. It's a special, it looks like an upside down frisbee and it has the holes placed around in such a way that a kid couldn't cover it with their body which the old small drain else it would be a bit too. So that's what we're looking at. Oh there's brownie. Brownie. Brownie. Now brownie is not stirring. Now everybody's down they're waiting for me and there's miny. Just a last look. And a last look at our guest house. Okay so thanks for looking in. This is the fire in the Philippines at our guest house and you're welcome to come and visit. Bye for now.