 Hello, good morning, good evening and welcome to Big World Cinema. Without further ado, we'll continue with what you're here for. And now that we're monetized, please don't skip the ads. Thank you. This video is a breakdown of my costs of travelling around the Philippines for the past three months. I recently published a video detailing my annual expenditure of living in a condo in Sabu for ten months and travelling for two months of the year. But going out on the road has increased my costs. I lived in Sabu for a few years. One of the major factors of staying in one place for so long was being able to save on accommodation costs. My condo in Sabu with Swim Impoul and Small Jim ended up costing me just 15,000 pesos a month plus an extra 3,000 pesos for electricity, water and internet. I knew that once I started travelling around the Philippines, my accommodation costs would probably double. Researching accommodation costs on a goda and booking.com, I found that I wasn't going to find many decent places for less than 1,000 pesos per night. But I was also determined not to spend more than 1,000 pesos per night. And I've generally kept to that. These places aren't bad. Some of the places I stayed in were great. I do spend a lot of my time researching and reading reviews online, however. What I always insist on is good wi-fi, a desk or outdoor space to do my work. I don't care about luxuries like a hot water shower, but I do like to be provided with a kettle or heater as they call it in the Philippines. Plus a nice balcony to sit on. Where I wouldn't stay is anywhere that has backpacker or hostel in their name. I don't want to stay in a shared dormitory with a dozen spotty teenagers, thanks very much. I'm beyond that in my latter years. Don't miss out on quality, broadcasting. Please like, share and subscribe to Big World Cinema. Thank you. But what is considered obvious hotel needs in the West is not the same in the Philippines. It confuses me at some places where they have a TV in the room, but no place to hang your clothes. When I asked the receptionist, she opened the doors of the TV cabinet and showed me those tiny shelves to put my clothes on. At other places they'd have a wardrobe, but wouldn't provide hangers and you need to ask for them. So I paid an average monthly cost of 27,33 pesos per month, which equates to £402 or $495. Compared to living in the Subbu condo, my rent has only increased by around 9,000 pesos per month. What I didn't realise before I started travelling around the Philippines was that many hotels will offer 20% senior rate to those aged 60 and over. Not through a go to or booking.com. You have to walk in and ask what their room rate is and see if they offer a senior discount and many will drop their price although other places will insist on you having a Filipino senior citizen ID card. But places I've stayed at, I've just by showing my passport or ACR card. I'm not a foodie. I don't choose where to die and whilst considering how many Michelin stars the Caron D'Area has, I eat to survive. I choose food according to price. I eat only twice a day with most meals costing between 60 and 160 pesos. I'm not a big drinker anymore. I generally have a few Sam Miguel's at the weekend and that's about it. So on food, drink and entertainment, I have spent on average 10,537 pesos per month which equates to 157 pounds or 193 American dollars. These are fee is on average 1,613 pesos. I was paying 1,400 pesos per month in Subbu but recently paid out 5,163 pesos for my last three months stay in the Philippines at the Beholl Immigration Office. Don't ask me why Immigration offices have different fees. My average internet VPN cost is 858 pesos. I use globe load which I bought for my SIM. Otherwise I use the hotel or cafe's Wi-Fi wherever I can. Which monthly cost is 13 pound or 16 American dollars? I travel between places maybe once a week by bus and ferry. My travel costs which include using Jeet Nees Taxi's Trikes occasionally, average is at 5369 pesos per month. But that includes a data in Beholl which cost 3,500 pesos for the day. So my average monthly travel costs are 80 pounds or 98 dollars to my American friends. I'm not going to tell you to subscribe but if you don't I'll send my mother round and she's dead so that won't be a pleasant experience for you. I knew that traveling around the Philippines rather than staying in one place would work out more expensive. But a monthly expense of 684 British pounds my monthly rent in the UK wasn't much less than that. And to my American friends I spend 842 American dollars. No doubt a lot of you will be saying jeez I can't live on that. That's ridiculous. But look if I had a thousand dollars a month to spend on nicer accommodation and better food I would spend it. I'm not a rich man nor a poor man I'm frugal and living within my means. I know the value of money and watch what I'm spending. If I stay on this path for another few years I can continue traveling and uploading videos. So that's it just to give you an idea of how much good pay for traveling in the Philippines. If you're traveling with a lady prices will be more as you need to factor in load for her phone and extra rice costs. Good luck. If you like the video please could you like, share and subscribe and don't forget to click the notification bell to see my videos before your friends. I'll see you on the next video. Take care everyone.