 So technically I think it's been 48 hours since you came here. Yeah, 48 hours. So what happened? You don't know. This is Sam. I met him in Cambodia for like 20 minutes. We started talking about the Philippines and then he told me what? Like what the Philippines was dangerous? He thought the Philippines was dangerous and other people told you that? Yes, some Canadian guys told me. So other Canadian guys told him the Philippines was dangerous. So he was kind of like, I don't know if I'm going to go there. Then he came. I guess, yeah. For his first six days you were in Saboono since then. And then all by himself? And then we went and met Robin in like the second day out there in Mobile. And then we just stood together and just traveled down the Dancer booths or waterfalls. Everything, it was really cool. So actually this is Robin. He's German and basically what happened is he met Sam. And I was like, Sam, come hang out with me and take you and do a Mindanao. And Sam was like, sure. But then he went, I don't know. We're hearing some rough stuff and you were. It's like all stuff I saw was kind of dangerous. Okay. So we're basically saw about Mindanao and the internet, which is pretty much negative. The travel advisers are pretty harsh. So he was a bit nervous, but you came. Yeah. And 48 hours? It's been like, I don't know this. This is going to describe it. It's been so much stuff happened. It's just like, I could not imagine what we've done. Like I could never imagine what we've done. It's insane. And having it in Charlottesown because you're going to see some of that randomly right now. Go. By the way, it just quickly looked you right where you're walking. I mean, there's amazing views. Yeah. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. It's just a bit nicer than it. It's really nice. Yeah. It is going impressive. This is the Grand Canon. Just WOW! YEEEAS! Spin it out of the Philippines. It is amazing. You just feel like you're, I don't know. I'm in the world! Woo! Woo! Yes. You almost just stumbled and fall. Because you're so excited to look at that view. This is incredible! Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh! Don't forget to hit me! Woo! Hey Rob, what are you doing? I'm a girl! You can have more hamburgers, more fun! Woo! Woo! Oh! What is he? Hamburgerro. Hamburgerro! Face time! Hamburgerro. Delicious! Okay, so the best part though is you would have seen like we took them up to another fortress. You saw this grand cannon to the anti-cycle. I didn't actually film much because they're only here for 48 hours. I didn't want to be worried about making a video, but I had some footage. So that's why we're creating this. What I want to show you now is I took them around a tiny bit and I let them ride them over to Rela. And then I had to go run some errands. So I just gave the camera to these guys and I threw them right in to hardcore and local Kogan market as two random foreign dudes. And let's watch some of that. Okay, so realistically I cannot drive both these guys legally with all our laundry to linger mad. So I'm waiting for Motorola. They're going to have their first Motorola experience to kick you into your own. Must do. Should be fun. Should be fun. We'll see. Yes, we're going. We're going to meet them. Thank you, yeah. Enjoy. I didn't actually tell them how much to pay. That's here. It happens. I'm going to take a nice really nice ride. A nice really cheap ride. Okay, and uncomfortable to take in a nice really cheap ride. Bye bye. They don't know where they're going. They had to go in another one to meet me and Karala. Good luck. Did it. Two Motorola rides. I need to say Chanda. Chanda. Chanda. Chanda. Chanda. Chanda. Chanda. Chanda. That was awesome. Okay, so what's going down? Is I have to go run errands again. These guys are going to go roam around Kagan, Dioro. I'm going to give them my camera. I don't even know what's going to happen. Have fun. All right then. Let's go. See you later. See you later. Okay, so I guess we're going to the local market first. I guess but where is it? We'll figure it out. Yeah, I guess we will. Strange. What is this really strange? It's looking at the camera at the excitement. Yeah. I don't want to be too intense to myself but I'm like, what? Just watch the road to the while you walk. Yeah. I mean like, walking around to why guys in the middle of the mountain. Oh, dangerous. What happens? We got a camera. But like, tourists. Who knows what's going to happen. Lead the way. Oh. I'm just going to swim back. I'm going to be back back. Yeah. You're right there. Yeah. It's a bit. I don't know why I could let's not do this. Yeah, at least. I can see more. I know. Just walk straight. You need to help me out. You need more of a tourist. Yeah, probably more tourist space. But you know, this is the whole thing. It's a selfie. You got to. Yeah. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Yeah, you got to let your hair out. I'm going to break the area. I mean, there's no entrance here. This camera is giving us so much attention. I'm like everyone's just there. I'm going to go up to the door. Yeah, I feel a little bit like a people grabbing. It's a bit intense. Got to say. A little bit. I just... I'm nervous. It's interesting. What do you get in there? So I'm gonna look from up there. Oh, I mean, I was trying to film this. The guy in his Stephen Chin ? Yeah, I'm late. Riiight, ride you fool! Let's see him go. U switch. It was really good to start doing it with our easy vegetarian dishes people had really delicious food When he knew where we were staying think life was way too low his fridge was full. I don't know how to say it really, I'm really tired, I'm really hungry and I'm about to just die from hunger. So let's find coiled. Like where do we start? Like what the hell it was so just overwhelming. Yeah just the attention just like just being the only sort of European people in the area and everyone is looking at you. It's just how much you're holding the camera from the air, everyone's gonna be attention. People come, people waving and we're dirty looks. Like it was a bit. What did we know what to think? Did we just be like this supposed to feel, this feels like this is funny, this is great. This is really I think. Okay this is with a, this is with a, oh I think maybe it's not bringing something to us out. I was like this is just generally quite strange. See I think that's a good point actually. If you're a foreign national, for example you've only been in the Philippines for the first six, seven days and you go somewhere like Kagan Duro which even though it's well known on the tourist trail, still for foreign nationals it isn't really, you know you don't see many of them around. So you're gonna get a lot of attention. So for example when I threw them into Kagan, I know Kagan is generally quite a safe place. Yes there's probably some pick walkers around, I think you're ready to fill up with that. There's probably you know it's a big, hollow, hollow of local stuff but just like anywhere in the world is good and bad. But genuinely it's a pretty cool local place but it's just an overload of everything. And because you stand out, you really feel that overload, no? Yeah it was just, it's sort of been really cool. I mean I love the attention generally and then it's like thinking okay maybe we should maybe not bring all this attention to it. We are completely just standing out, making like a bit of a scene without the cameras, people making a scene about it, with the cameras. Like I'll be making ourselves targets, like we saw how they were with those people. Maybe we should sort of turn it down. It's a little bit and don't be so, say, obnoxious with the camera. Hey I think that's a great point. If you come to Midna now, you can enjoy yourself, you can interact, you get a lot of positive attention. But if you're here to just run around and make videos and stuff, you need to be a bit respectful. And you need to kind of understand too, you really are bringing a kind of attention to yourself. Which is probably going to be good for a lot of reasons. People really want to interact with you but it can also be a bit of a weird experience because some people aren't used to interacting with your hands. So anyways, I guess they came in 48 hours, we did some stuff, you saw some of it in this video, and now there's only one thing left to do, you stay here. These are their passat-lubongs. If anybody comes to visit me in Kagan's Euro, this is your official passat-lubong. You're going to get a fighter ride and a headband. It's like my Lanna. In the Philippines, people make potions, Lanna's are protective from evil spirits. This is the ultimate Lanna. Good luck guys. We're going to Kimi again. I'm going home, I'm going to run errands.