 NE beauty . I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. farewell Good morning everybody . welcome back to our channel. Nice morning here. We're just out and about doing some walking. Liam's playing with his little airplane. Got down here to the park and it's a silt mom called her. They'll be talking for a few minutes. They talk every day, every night, every morning. Staying very close contact. Sure any of you guys, I'm married to a Filipina and know all about that. Very close families. So if you guys are not a subscriber, go ahead and subscribe. We'd love to have you subscribe. If you enjoy the videos, give us a thumbs up and share the videos. Leave a comment and try to always answer you guys. We're just south of Oklahoma City here. Other side of the river. See the downtown area right there. One thing to seal and I really like to do on the weekends especially is kind of get up early and go out to one of the parks and just walk. A lot of times that's when we're making our videos. But we enjoy just getting outside and getting out of the house, get some fresh air, a little bit of exercise. It's one of the things that we do when we are doing our Philippines also. We like to get up early before it gets hot and you have to get up pretty early. And kind of go for a walk, walk around the city a little bit. Not a lot of parks there. But we do like to walk just down the streets through some of the neighborhoods or whatever. Just to get out and something to do in the morning. One thing that you hear people talk about a lot of times is boredom. What to do with your time. What to do with yourself. When you are retired, living overseas because that's a big factor for a lot of people. So we hear people mention that quite often asking about hobbies, different things to occupy yourself. So it's something to really think about. It can be a big issue for people. So I think it's important to at least give some thought to it. What you might do with your time and retirement. And kind of occupy yourself. Some people do gardening. That's pretty popular thing to do there. If you've got some property, people like to do gardening. Tourism is something that we really like to do. We try to plan frequent trips. When we're over there, we try to go to the beach quite often. Or just any place that it is that we're wanting to see some historical sites, different things like that. We do a lot of local tourism. We like to go on short trips, you know, within an hour or less from where we live. So tourism is a big thing for us. And we also do go to the mall quite often, which doesn't always sound that exciting. But when you're living in the Philippines like that, it's an opportunity to get out and eat some different foods that you're not maybe eating at home. Do a little bit of shopping. Usually there's a movie theater. You can go see a movie. So the malls offer a lot of things for people to do also as far as just occupying some of your time. So you're not just always at home. So those are some of the things we do. We live in the city. We don't live at the beach. So if we want to go to the beach, we have to drive there. We can get to Subic Bay in about 45 minutes. So that's probably the nearest beach area for us would be Subic. So that's something we can do quite often. And just going and seeing a new place or seeing new areas of a place that you've been to before, but maybe you haven't been to a lot of the places that are near around there. So that's something that we like doing is tourism. We really enjoy doing the morning walks. A lot of times we'll eat breakfast. We'll get up eat breakfast and go for a walk or we'll go grab something on our way. Stop by one of the fast food places or something. Grab breakfast and then go for a walk. But I do have a lot of people mentioned to us about boredom and what are you going to do with yourself? What are you going to do with your time? We have a subscriber we met a while back named Jazz who actually I think is a hobby. He's a musician and drummer and he was talking about trying to get involved with a band or something over there, maybe starting his own just to have other musicians to hang out with, play instruments with. So if you're into something like that, that could be a pretty good hobby to have and a lot of fun. And even if you didn't know that already it'd be something you could try to learn maybe if you're interested in something like that. I do remember one time I met a guy at one of the stores. We were out shopping for materials for a home repair project we had going on and I met a guy at one of the little hardware stores and he was from the UK. He's living there in the Philippines with his wife and a couple of kids I think. And he was talking to me about boredom and friendships and things like that and he was telling me we got into a pretty good discussion but he was telling me that one of his biggest complaints and issues living over there was friends. He found it difficult to make friends with the local Filipinos. He was really missing having other expats to talk to and visit with. He kind of thought it was hard to talk to some of the Filipinos about things that he was interested in and things that he wanted to talk about. So he was having a little bit of trouble making friends and having friends. Not a lot of expats there in our area. So that was something that he had mentioned to me. You know you have a little bit different interests, different backgrounds when you come from another country like that and sometimes you really relate to each other on a lot of topics. So it can be difficult to make friends with people in a new country, a new culture but you know it's something you have to try. You need to have, I mean I feel like anyway you need to have Filipino friends, people that you can talk to and visit with on a regular basis and people that you can depend on if you need something or if they need something from you, you can depend on each other. It's kind of important I think to build those kind of friendships and even having friendships with other expats I think is pretty important because you can do the same. You can kind of help each other be there for each other and that's important and it's important to have people to visit with and talk to. So building friendships I think is a big thing. Also I wouldn't hesitate to try to build friendships with Filipinos. They might be more relatable than what you think to things that you're interested in but definitely would be worth trying because you don't want to be you don't want to feel isolated like you don't have anybody to talk to or you know you haven't been able to make friends so always be looking to meet new people and talk to people see kind of find out their story and where they come from what they're about but that guy he did mention to me that he was really struggling with that so I hope he found a way to resolve that problem and I hope he made some new friends because I felt bad for him hearing his story. He seemed like a really nice guy but he was having a hard time with that. I have seen people who have actually left the Philippines moved out of the country due to just not being happy or being bored you know not not enjoying themselves as much as they thought they would that happens sometimes people make plans to retire there and then they just decide that they just don't really like it and rather than stay and try to work it out they they wind up leaving so you hate to see that happen to anybody but I guess that's possible that could happen to anybody so yeah I think it's pretty important to try to find things to occupy yourself find people that you can relate to to spend time with we have some friends that we made over in Philippines they're actually coming to the US next month so we'll be visiting with them as they come through Oklahoma City and we're looking forward to that so friendships can be a good thing a valuable thing you know if you make some good friends and you find ways to occupy yourself and enjoy life you'll have a much more enjoyable retirement you want to enjoy your retirement years you don't want to think about being bored or you know not enjoying yourself so we work all our lives to enjoy a retirement year so it's important to do what you need to do to make sure you can enjoy yourself later in retirement so this kind of our routine on the weekends now we're going to hang around here for a little longer walk around some more I think Liam's going to play on the playground here and then we'll probably go eat breakfast on our way home hot day today we have to get out here pretty early while it's still bearable very similar situation to the Philippines we like to get up pretty early and get out we're going to do something before it gets hot and other part of the day before over there we're either going to spend our time inside the house or we're going to go somewhere that has air conditioning and then we like to go out also in the evenings the evenings are a good time to get out and enjoy walking around or getting some dinner out street food something like that and get you out of the house in the evenings another thing that we really like to do is trying different restaurants there's a lot of places a lot of different places to eat around our city a lot of different types of food and a lot of times you can do that pretty inexpensively even if you just want to go out for a cup of coffee and some kind of dessert or something there's a lot of places you can just go and grab something like that just for things to do is for something to do so we like getting out and trying a lot of the restaurants a lot of resorts and things around also a lot of areas of swimming pools you can get out and enjoy some of those places a lot of those things are pretty inexpensive but you can spend a good part of a day you know just seeing a place you never been to before and then before you know what's your day's over and you're having your dinner getting ready to relax and then on to the next day so I guess just occupying your time in some way is important and getting out and about is kind of how we like to do it so those are just some other suggestions of things to keep yourself busy when you find yourself in a country like that as a foreigner all of a sudden a lot of the things that you maybe occupied yourself with before are not available to you are not as easily available you know depending on where you live you might be in a more remote area of the country where going to out to eat different places or going to a movie or something like that might be a little bit difficult you match a travel of ways so it might not be something you can do often that's one of the things we enjoy about living in the city we have a lot of the conveniences that we're used to and we have a lot of opportunities of things to do just to keep ourselves busy like I said a lot of people you know when you talk about going to the mall they don't really think of that as being too exciting but the malls do usually have a lot of restaurants a lot of places to eat you know you can get inside and into the air conditioning out of the heat and do something in the middle of the day rather than staying at home watching a movie things like that so you know the malls can be very useful and we like going to the mall we don't usually buy a lot of stuff but we do like going there and getting something to eat hanging out looking around you know maybe pick up something we need so thanks for watching everybody take care and we'll see you on the next video great to go eat breakfast you have any good advice for people occupying themselves in the Philippines not getting bored yeah I mentioned going out I'm telling you we go quite a bit for walks try to do a lot of day trips to the beaches and stuff like that there's a lot of free beaches yeah a lot of things you can do for free there and then even the resorts and stuff are very cheap if you want to go swimming for the day yeah yeah and then mall street food and evening you can go out and check out the street vendors right yeah go to the Plaza go to the market even if it's just a look around yeah please don't take this the wrong way I'm on your side to the worst days I just had to say I miss my best friend see her smile still I don't mind telling truth when we need to hear them and be kind when that's what you prefer how about when you can't see our way back help you find and let you know that you won't always be this way you look at this someday and So just hold on a minute, this artist nearly finished, you'll get a fresh start So count to ten, take a deep breath, this is the only way You'll never find out that it won't always be this way You will get there someday, baby, feel the sun on your face There's a Pariser Broadway, and chill out all Sunday You won't always be this way, you will get there someday Feel the sun on your face, there's a Pariser Broadway, and chill out all Sunday You'll get there someday, baby, feel the sun on your face, there's a Pariser Broadway, and chill out all Sunday