 Future Friday. Differently. This is a really fun and interesting one because I think this is the gap in the Filipino music industry that Balesca and I have knowledge was. So this is the best selling album of the 2010s. But I want to know in sales numbers how deep do some of these names that we really like up. This video is so good. Sada? Perfect, imperfect. I started hearing it. 20,000 units sales for B.Va record. We're in platinum. This video. This video is so talked about. Everyone's also recommending us her and bamboo in their concert. Oh yeah, lately I've seen a bunch of TikToks. Angelin Quinto. Angelin Quinto. Yeah, I think no she was that big or was sending us. Yeah, double platinum. So I think platinum is 20,000. I feel so. Because it's double platinum. So maybe it's 15,000. Maybe it's 15,000. Yeah, it would. It's 15,000. Start records. 30,000 units sales. It's crazy. She's really cool. Daniel Padilla. Yeah, he really did. No, no, he was such a big. Popular. I have abs. I had no idea. He was this such big. DJP. 40,000. Wow. Wow. Wow. Take a bow. No. No. 20,000. 10,000. Produced by Ateneo. Oh, wow. Wow. Take a bow. No. No. 20,000. 10,000. 10,000. Produced by Ateneo. De Manila University. Oh, my god. Take a bow. Fresh new blood. Juli and San Jose. You see? So their names that I did not expect to dominate like a decade. I did. But they did. Wow. She looks absolutely phenomenal. Deeper. 45,000. Deeper platinum. Yeah, it's 15,000. This is the vibe though. What do you mean? I think she looks phenomenal. Wow. I thought it was in her fios. Wow. Your girl was in the fios. Javit Baldiveno. Baldiveno. Faithfully. Wow. Faithfully. Faithfully Faithfully yours 50,000 What a voice Wait, I thought this song was American. No way. It's the same as typecast everyone thought typecast is American The first game I did What's brain information? No way This is one of his greatest songs album Decades to you Yeah, decades to Six times platinum, 90,000 Holy shit The power of that man No, that is illegal He reminds me of like a chin-jian You always say it's like a Jesus, such a bad SpongeBobla They're very, very fucking popular, yes Arao oras Takpuan I don't know, 50,000 Oh my god And this has such an indie feel, this whole album Like even the recording of the video Yeah, yeah They made it themselves Literally It reminds me of like early days of break Yeah, exactly What's the name? Alberto, what's the name? I don't know, bro Feel alive Olden Richards Damn, GMA Records 150K Total sales 300,000 Time and Rick GMA The song is over Damn, Julian, I was saved It's dumb and needed The song was fun, the video broke Well, I don't know, it has like a winter album feel And the Philippines though Yeah, so Julian, I was saved She really did that Time and 100 of them Daivy Records 750,000 sales Wow That's like diamond a few times Yeah, quadruple platinum record 7,000 million platinum Oh my god That's a diamond record I pray that someday you will wake up in my eyes This has proper, so proper, Philippine It does, it does I feel like it's like an hoist to use it Delecetti, I feel Oh, it's dumb out It's like this time, yes sir Mr. Van Puyer, I never ages It's the best selling one Yeah, what is number one? Yeah, how many? But must be a billion then A million, a million? A total of 200, 200,000 units Sales Oh, maybe for Christmas album I'm confused The song back This Christmas Oh, Basko is definitely Christmas Yeah, very vague This will not give you a reason to play Christmas music In the middle of all guys I love playing Christmas music In the summer It is so wrong It fucks up with your, with your neighbors La de la la, what the fuck is your name? What's the best selling album of all time? What's the best selling album of all time in the Philippines? Saovalok Did you mean yes sir? Yes Regime Velasquez has sold more than 8.5 million certified albums And they're making the Philippines best selling artist of all time Nina holds the record for the best selling live album with Nina Live Which is that Sunday? It's crazy Because... Received diamond certification Wow Christmas in our hearts is number one Yeah, post it by the channel With 801,000 Then so, Julia and Santa Jose must be up here then Because fuck me She sold a lot, didn't she? It's 750,000 units Eraserheads Westlife Westlife, Westlife Regime Velasquez with R2K Eraserheads Jaya with Jaya in 96 Nina Live Nina Ruendiment Wow, what a freaking awesome thing Bruno Mars in the Philippines very popular Jolena Magdangal Saira, very damn popular Sharon Kuneta She's like Very good Ages with Halik Oh, yeah Oh, Jessus and Gosa, Jada's mom Yeah, she is awesome She's freaking awesome, I love her Kitchen and ball, freaking love Kici River Maya is also awesome Nice Jaya again, 97 Mande, Mande, Mour was such a good selling artist in the Philippines In the Philippines I know the girls Spice girls Yeah, that makes sense Shasha Badella, look And Julia and San Jose there In 2012 She went diamond What the fuck does diamond mean, over 100,000? That's actually really cool about... Maybe more so popular in the Philippines That's actually pretty cool about the Philippines If you look at the number one Number two, actually the top ten is mainly all Filipino artists Let us know what you guys thought about it And perhaps we should do now a 90s or like... No, or I would like to know In recent times, like in the last ten years Was the last ten years looked like That's more interesting to me Let us know, good bye