 I could say that here you and Filipinos in general because there are exceptions. You have a culture of kindness. Very true. Nothing compares to the Philippines. It's just a whole different level of kindness and compassion. And you'll see it if you visit. It's just something very, very unique. What's up, Filipinos? Welcome back to another video of the host Nelly. Today we are reacting to a video that sounds very interesting. They want to be Filipino. Interesting topic. Well, talking of there is one Canadian guy who is also a vlogger colleague of mine who actually was on a journey to becoming Filipino on his YouTube channel. And apparently he is Filipino citizen right now. So congratulations, Kyle, for making that big step in your life. Yeah, today I want to see who else is all day that wants to become Filipino. Because as we know, Filipinos have some amazing traits. And I think some people just want to have those qualities as well. Let's jump straight into this video. I'm Filipino. And everybody is everything. So it's like nobody is anything. Born a white male named Adam Wheeler, Jadu and his head are crazy. Filipina. What am I saying? Jadu, thanks for coming up. Oh, thanks for having me, Tuck. I wanted to know what you think about it. I love it. Thank you. Thank you, Filipinos. This is fantastic. Wow. Okay. How is that? Something about Hitler, I didn't see that. He's just a kid. Yeah. Oh. The doors are closed to all of us except the Philippines. And how the Filipino people are a very warm people. Very true. They're a very friendly people. Okay, stopping right here because that video was one of the most emotional reactions here on the channel. And it got, I don't know, over a million views. It's about the refugees who are seeking safety. She was escaping war. And there was this story about how the Philippines welcomed her with open arms and it was really, really something beautiful. I think the video is still on the channel. If you look for it, it's the friendly people. The people who are here are the most beautiful people. No M&M and the same. So, it's really nice to see the culture and the culture and the culture. So, it's really nice to see you here. And I really like that. That's what I'm talking about. I'm really happy with the Philippines. I hope I can see you here. She's a very lucky person. She's a very nice person. She's a very nice person. Because when I was a kid, I really wanted to be a Filipino. To be a Filipino. Okay, I have to admit that I don't understand everything. I just understand bits and pieces. But I also have a friend from Austria who is so obsessed with the Philippines that she keeps coming back to the Philippines, speaks the language, has been living there as well. And she just message me recently saying, Hey, Nelly, are you around? I'm coming to the Philippines for a birthday. And I'm like, you're coming to the Philippines for a birthday. You must really love your Filipino friends. The Philippines, there's a high return on investment. You will get it back 10 fold. You're in large families. And everyone seems to just be peaceful and contented to be around each other in the house. And family dropping by and friends dropping by. And I owe it to the door and somebody's coming to see you. And that's very much the way I remember things when I was a child. That culture has faded a lot from America now. And I miss that. Did you? I had a conversation with a friend just recently about family values. And my culture is a big thing to be very close to a family and also celebrate together, eat together. And we're just so passionate about spending time together as a family. We have so many occasions we were just together and have some good time. And I remember just growing up with my cousins. I would sleep all in like one bed and it was amazing. And I see the same traits and same values in Filipinos as well. That's why I always say when you come to the Philippines, you're welcomed as a family member. The difference here is that the Calidon mana, the human compassion is different. I would say that here you in Filipinos in general because there are exceptions. We are not in a paradigm. You have a culture of kindness. Very true. A culture of friendship. A culture of humility. You are always open to receive people, to understand different opinions, to be real tolerant. Other countries, the culture is different. It's a culture of indifference and kindness. That's true. So I could say are some one of the unique countries in the world with this kind of Calidon mana, human compassion. And normally you represent, you express this Calidon mana through these smiles. Oh. I had this comparison with my first time in Thailand. And after coming from Austria to Thailand, oh, Southeast Asia Thailand was my first touch point. I said, wow, the people here are so kind. And I traveled to Bali, Indonesia. I know they say, wow, the people here are so, so lovely. Everybody's smiling. But nothing, nothing compares to the Philippines. It's just a whole different level of kindness and compassion and friendliness and joy. And you'll see it if you visit. It's just something very, very unique. We had Filipinos offer us a ride for free, a meal for free, and even a home for free. This is seriously amazing. The first time in the world, the Filipino was the first time in the world. The first time in the world, the Filipino was the first time in the world. The first time in the world, the first time in the world, the first time in the world, the first time in the world, the first time in the world. And their new teacher, from the Philippines, I really choose New Mexico because I find it interesting to learn the cultures. Riza Rosalia was one of 33 Filipino teachers hired on by Albuquerque Public Schools this year. Do you know me? I'm Mrs. Guidino. Yes, Filipinos speak perfectly English, a hard working, a willing to travel abroad. I'm very caring. So a lot of social or like soft skills that make them, oops, that make them very desirable for workplaces around the world. Raya and Manga Tabinitong Lugar, are the most economic corridor in Thailand. They are the most popular Filipino English teacher. Good bye, my teacher. Good bye. Good bye, my teacher. Good bye, my friend. Good bye. Good bye. Good bye. Good bye. Good bye. And the pandemic has already started. The nurses in the country are now in the country to help us. We don't know if there's no turning back anymore because, we are already contaminated. We just hope that, and God, continue to, and all that. Because this is a repartement. And this is the patient's position. Yeah, Filipino nurses were the ones that saved the world literally. They are the ones that saved the world. So, so hard working. So dedicated. I'm really happy because I'm here with my family. But, I have no other choice but to know. There is actually a video of, Filipino nurses in the US, how they were treated unfairly. Video will pop up here. Oh, it's one of the last videos just click on it. If we're not going to do this, you know, if we're turning our back from all these patients, I'm sure, I'm going to cry. Because, this is the hospital. When we are at the hospital, there is no need to work with nurses, doctors, and those who are part of the sanitation, if we're not working with them. It was such a tough time. It was really hard. They were essential. Why are we putting ourselves in such a situation? It still feels unreal. I'm going to cry because of the sanitary. I'm going to cry because my mom and I are going to cry. I'm going to cry because of the pain. I don't know. I'm going to cry. It's a choice and I'm going to cry. We are not going to go to Filipino, but to go to the Philippines. We know that the viral and trending of Filipino talent in the world of Filipino. It's true. It's a bright topic. Filipino talent. To do some work with you. Are you Filipino? Yeah, Filipino. How long has your family been in Ireland? My mom has been in Ireland for about 20 years. Wow, did your mom sing? Me and my family sing like a karaoke singer. You don't sound like a karaoke singer. Sing or sing? We know your style. We know you are super cool. How did you get so damn good at singing? I mean, I got a Filipino mother, so we're doing karaoke. There we go. Okay. How long have you been singing for? I've been singing since I was three. What else do you sing? I sing a resa today on Filipino community choir. The only singing you do is in that choir. I am in love with your voice. My heart was melt. Okay. We are happy to see you again on this video. Thank you for subscribing. And if you are still watching this video, please subscribe to our channel. Yes! Filipino. So many reasons to become Filipino. I think we all can get bits and pieces of those traits and apply to our lives. I have to say, I really love the Filipino culture. That is one of the main reasons why I made it my home. I'm a permanent resident in the Philippines. My name is Sting Day for Life. Yeah. And let me know what you think. Let me know what makes Filipinos in the comment section. If there's any specific quality that you want to point out. Good or bad? Is it a bad or an ordinary one? Comment section. We want to keep you positive. Of course, spread some kindness. And I'll see you guys next time. What's up Philippines?