 What's up guys, my name is Miles. My name is Faz. And this is the commodity. And today we are reacting to top 10 crazy things you will only find in the Philippines. This video is requested to us by top enue day first. Thank you so much for the suggestion. We truly appreciate it. Guys, if you want to suggest a video for us to react to, there is a link in our description down below. It will take you over to our discord and you can throw the links to the videos you want us to check out in there. Before we find out about these top 10 crazy things that are only in the Philippines, if you guys would, go ahead and give us a thumbs up. It truly helps us out in getting these videos out to more people. Also if you would, go ahead and click that subscribe button and the bell notification icon that we guys can stay informed on our future videos. And if you'd like an exclusive YouTube short shout out and help support the channel even more, you can click the join button down below. So let's hop in and check out these 10 crazy things. Let's do it. Who said that Filipinos are just imitators? This statement cannot be farther from the truth. Even though the Philippines sport a good amount of influence from the West and even from Korea, there is no reason to say that the Philippines has nothing original. Seems like you are still in doubt. Are we right? Okay people, let's tell you about 10 strange things that you will only find in the Philippines. You'll soon be packing your bags to see them. We've seen you will only find in the Philippines. That before. Yeah, we have, we have. Because the weird part was not so much them sitting at the bottom. It was them actually eating and sitting at a table. You'll soon be packing your bags to see them for yourself. Number 10, the Hobbit House. Manila is home to one of the weirdest themed restaurants in the world. We've heard of the Hobbit House. Really speaking, it is a good place to relax, have a drink and get a bite to eat, but bars are commonplace. So what's so special about this one? As the name itself suggests, it is a Hobbit themed bar, but it's not only about the decoration. Jim Turner opened the bar in 1973 as a way to employ and help Manila's little people be financially independent. Yep, the servers in the bar are little people with a big heart. Have you ever seen something like this before? That's really cool. So it's actually been a long time, I think, since we saw like a video that included that. I agree. But I do remember. Number nine, the world's largest pair of shoes. Even a model wouldn't walk the runway in 16 inch heels. So guess she's going to wear these shoes. Exactly. Nobody measuring over 17 feet long and eight feet wide. These giant dress shoes could fit 30 normal feet inside of them. So no one person can wear them, right? And they're like legit shoe quality. Yeah. Certified by Guinness in 2002, the creation took a whopping 77 days to finish and cost over two million Philippine pesos. Even though these shoes aren't the first thing that will come to your mind at the mention of the Philippines, they really are important to Marrakeen. With these shoes. Amazing. And let's touch it. Number eight, public transport. One of the most popular means of transport in the Philippines is the jeepney. What's so special about them? The fare is relatively cheap, which might excite prospective tourists who are listening to us. But you gotta see the heavily crowded vehicle, which runs the streets without air conditioners. So think twice before you step in. Forget this. You must hit your ride on Hubble. I want to ride on that. Yeah. Could you imagine like having to turn balance that in a turn? Yeah. When you are traveling away from Manila and into Mendano, this is basically a motorcycle that carries up to 10 passes with their vanily. Upshot 10. The trick lies in the balancing and resourcefulness of the drivers. Number seven, Black Nazarene. We're talking about a life-sized image of a dark skinned, kneeling Jesus Christ carrying the cross on route to his crucifixion. It is enshrined in the minor basilica of the Black Nazarene in the Keopo district of the city of Manila. It is said to have been carved by an unknown Mexican artist and brought to the Philippines in 1606. The icon is renowned in the Philippines and is considered by many Filipino Catholics to be miraculous. Its mere touch reputed to cure disease. The image is brought out of the shrine three times a year for processions. Seems like we'd have to coincide our holiday dates with that. That's interesting. Number six, Sinara Pan. The smallest food fish, as mentioned in the Guinness Book of World Records, is the Sinara Pan. It is a fish of fish in the Gobe family. This isn't a thing you will find anywhere and everywhere because, hello, it is endemic to the Philippines, where it occurs along the Beechhole River and in Lake Spui. The fish grows up to 2.5 centimeters long and is transparent with a few dark spots and black eyes. So while visiting the Philippines, you know what snack you can't miss. And like, we have seen something about these. I don't think I have. We have. But it was one of the food markets. And obviously the bones are not going to be like detectable. No, it's going on them. So like, it's probably even less than what you would get in like a sardine. Oh, for sure. So the sardines you can barely detect them. I'd be very interested in trying that out. It might be a arts in a lifetime kind of thing. Number five, Philippine Tarziet. Tarziet is one of the smallest primates known to mankind is the Philippine Tarziet, which measures only about 85 to 160 millimeters and weighs less than 5 ounces. And yes, it is endemic to the Philippines as the name might have suggested already. The Philippine Tarziet's eyes are fixed in its skull. They cannot move in their sockets. That's so insane. Instead, a special adaptation in the neck allows its round head to be rotated 180 degrees. The most interesting thing is that even though many people believe them to be mini monkeys, they are more closely related to lemurs. Number four, wears delicacies. Most people will be shocked to hear about some delicacies Filipinos enjoy. One being Denuguan, a stew of pork, were meat, simmered in a rich, spicy, dark gravy of pig blood, garlic, chili, and vinegar. So, uh, Link and Rhett would not like that. No. They don't like pig blood. But yeah, there are best friends. We just had dinner with them yesterday from Good Mythical Morning if you haven't watched them before. With that being said, I would imagine if this is like a delicacy, but it's, it's enjoy. I mean, they've got a lot of Spanish heritage. A lot of Spanish, Spanish culture, Spanish food is really good. So if this is enjoyed there, I would imagine it, it's got to be good to an extent, you know. I'm just, I've never had like an actual like, but it's a spicy, dark gravy of pig blood and it never has like, sure. I have any there. And that's what, what gets them is it's usually congealed blood. I would like to try. Yes, we set a gravy of pig blood. Some of you may lose your appetite, but the rest can enjoy it when they hit the Philippines. I wouldn't try. But wait, we have more. Filipinos love to eat eggs. To boring, uh, eggs aren't special. It is the form that they are eaten in that is bizarre. Balut is a developing bird embryo that is boiled and eaten from the shell. I couldn't do that. I couldn't do that. It is controversial due to religious animal welfare and human health concerns, but whatever. It's yummy. I'm all for like, if you're, if you're down for that and like you enjoy it or you do it for religious reasons or health reasons that you believe in, that's cool. But I, I don't, I couldn't do it. No, me either. No. At all. Like at all. I've cracked. I think they were saying it's like, it's bad for you. I've cracked an egg open before to fry and saw like a, um, I don't think that has anything to do with religion or anything of vein type ting in it. Yeah. No, that's me that egg. So like, to me, so like, I'm obviously not a vegan. Everybody knows that. But like the one argument that vegans have is that's eating like an actual embryo there, whereas eggs typically aren't fertilized. Right. Like I'd rather eat the whole chicken when it's grown that it just seems. I don't know. I'd rather, I'd rather live its whole life before I actually feel actually, um, vegan right now. I feel like that's not a, yeah, like that's my stance. That's my limit. I love eggs. Like I'll eat, feel, I'll eat young, I'll eat that they call it caprito, which is baby goat. I'll eat things like that. But a baby chicken, but no pre birth is like, it seems weird. Okay. I think that's the only thing that you eat that I've ever seen eaten pre birth. I eat 95% vegetables. So I eat a lot of meat, but I mean, and I love my two foods. To be fair, I caveat, but I don't think those are, yeah, you savage. But they're like the phoenix car. We're talking about a biodegradable car made of bamboo, retro, steel, and nylon. Now doesn't that sound like the future of the automobile industry? This lightweight, green tech power and economically viable, I like the idea of the concept car was handmade by a team of skilled weavers and craftsmen in only 10 days. That's impressive. The phoenix is naturally open skin, which biodegrades together with the life of the car, should survive the average length of car ownership. And after this amount of time, it can be replaced inexpensively if the owner wishes to keep the car longer or naturally returned to mother earth. You guessed it right, people. It was made by a phoenix driving it. You're just driving it when they did it. Every country offers a light tone set of souvenirs to choose from and the Philippines is no different. They're all man. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it. They're all over it.