 Oh my god! Yo what's up my BGA crew welcome back to my channel. So today you guys I am so excited because I am officially trying Filipino crispy bata but guess what? This isn't from any restaurant. No no no. This right here was made by Mama Apatite's Kitchen, my mother. So if you guys can please go show my mom some love and some support at her channel Mama Apatite's Kitchen. I will drop the link to her channel in the description box below. You guys. Thank you for those of you that have sent us the recipe for traditional Filipino crispy bata. My mom followed the recipe and I am about to find out if it is up to par. I mean I've never had crispy bata but I mean just look at this. Look at this beauty y'all. This is cooked to perfection. Oh my gosh. Alright you guys let's go ahead and get started because I am stwaaavid. I will try to not end up. I am what you are going to be. Now I know what I am. Heavenly Father I ask that you please bless this meal and the hands that prepared it. I ask that you provide for those that are going without. Heal bless and provide for my BGA crew and your precious name I pray. Amen. Alright you guys and we got some rice. I will be here on the side because I have been hearing I have been listening to you guys and you have been telling me eat rice with all our dishes. All my Filipino brothers and sisters I am officially going to eat rice with crispy bata. So let's just jump right into this you guys. I cannot take this anymore. I am super hungry. And right here we have sukong salsawan. It is a vinegar based chili sauce. It has fish sauce, huge mabi, onions, chilies, garlic, you name it and that's it. Alright you guys. Oh I don't know how I am going to get into this. Wow. A little crispy piece. Okay let's broke out first. So let's just hear the crunch. Oh my gosh. Alright that one is some of the sauce. Alright here we go. So I just want to get right there. Alright all of the sauce smells phenomenal. Crispyласu Sauce, which I have just now got these for 50 seconds. Nisations, it looks just really good. Ummmm.... All of these tastes a little spicy. I got them it's sweet and crispy too. The crispy patta is what it is, crispy. The fat and the meat underneath is so tender and juicy and this sauce, oh my God, it's sweet, it's tangy, it's spicy. Oh, I can literally drink this. Oh, oh my gosh, that is good. Mmm. Oh, you all take a bite. Oh my gosh. Oh my God. Oh, oh. Mmm. This right here reminds me of the lecchon koali. Oh my goodness. You guys just look at the skin. Cooked to other perfection. Mmm. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I love it. This is my no favorite dish. Everybody keeps asking me, what's your favorite dish? And I'm like, pola, pola bok. Mmm. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh. Mmm. You guys, I cannot believe the flavors that are going on in here. Look at that, look at the meat. Mmm. Mmm. You guys go check out the way my mom did this. My mom followed a traditional Filipino recipe. Mmm. Several of you had sent me a recipe for crispy pata. And that's what we use. Oh my God. Wow. This right here, I could drink that. I can see myself dipping like king crab leg in their shrimp. Lots of details. Wow. Wow. This is the best thing I have ever had. Mmm. Let's just bite into that. Mmm. Here we go. piano music Wow. Oh, that's really hot. But I love it. Look at this fatty part right here. Oh man. Oh yeah, look at that. Oh. Let's get some more of this crispy skin. Look at that. I'm not lying to you when I say this is outstanding. I'm not lying to you. I'm not lying to you. 10 out of 10. Oh my gosh. My mouth is on fire all the way around. You guys. To all of my Hispanic, to all of my Hispanic peeps. This right here is like chicharron. Oh my gosh. This is exactly like chicharron. Wow. But more forever. For those of you that don't know what part that is. But that means foot, like an animal foot. And in this case, these are pig feet. This is a crispy fried pig feet. My mom worked hard on this. And she did the thing. She handled that. I want to let you guys know that in a couple of days, my mom and I, she's going to join me for a video. And we are going to review Filipino food. And we're going to review them. And mom appetite is going to be on camera reviewing them with me. So I'm super excited. You guys. This right here, the sauce. My mom has a recipe in the same video that she made this. You made the recipe, right? So the same video she made this crispy bite. She has a recipe for the sauce. Fire. Fire. It is super spicy. A little bit sweet. A little bit tangy. It's just all these flavors. A little salty. Everything combined to formulate this masterpiece. This is absolutely like I'm telling you guys I could drink that. The next thing I want to do is I'm going to make this sukeng sasawan song again. Sasawan. Sasawan, not song. Sauce. I want to make this sauce again, but in a seafood boil. I want to do like a Filipino inspired seafood boil. Because you know how sas ASMR. And then they use the Thai sauce, the green chili Thai sauce. And their seafood boils. Well, you know, that went viral. Everyone was trying the Philippines. I mean, sorry, the Vietnamese. No Thai. The Thai green chili sauce. Everyone was trying it. This right here, this sauce needs to go viral. This sauce right here. So kang sasawan. I hope I'm pronouncing it okay or correctly. This needs to go viral. I tell you guys, this sauce is fire. Fire. Like everyone that's a mug maker needs to try this sauce with seafood boil or crispy pata. And right here, this stand right here is calling me. So we're going to give that a blight. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That's fire. Well, anyway, I want to give a big thanks to everyone that recommended for me to try the Filipino crispy pata. You guys were right. These are amazing, super crispy. And the meat inside is so juicy and tender, unbelievably good. And it's a lot more than just frying. So you guys go check out my mom's recipe because it's not just grabbing this and frying. You have to do other steps with other spices and herbs to make this super flavorful. So make sure you go and follow and watch my follow my mom's channel and watch her video. And yeah, as always, thank you so much to my BGA crew for your love and support. If you're watching this and you're not yet a part of this family, the BGA crew, I want to invite you to hit that subscribe button down below. Ring that notification bell so you're notified every time I upload a new video and anytime that I do a live mukbang. You guys, I have a lot more interesting and fun videos coming. So please stay in the know by getting that notification bell and hit all notifications. Thank you guys so much for watching. Until next time, Besitos.