 What's up guys, it's Smith. Okay, today this video is Kremah vs Yido, unbelievable fight. Wow, this is interesting fight isn't it? By the way, do you guys know about the Yido? We call it Yajutsu in Japan. It's a very old Japanese, you know, fencing style. Well, have you ever guys watched some right X? It's a very famous Japanese anime and I guess it's popular in the Philippines. So in this anime, Himo Rakeishin, the main character, Bufomas, Terika, the D-D-Strum, Giza Tag in the final battle, that was based on Yido. Okay, I'll show you how I'm using my katana. Yeah, okay, there we go. I have katana, I'm samurai. So like keep scabbard katana and once the enemy make an attack, you shift the, you know, katana and kill it, kill him, you know, push like this, shh. Oh, just, you know, avoiding and waiting for the next chance to attack. So that style, very cool. So although it's really old style of people these days, Japanese people these days still doing the Yido. So look at this video. Wow, that was fantastic wasn't it? So literally they kill everything. Well, that was a kind of joke though. Anyway, as for Eskreema, it's Kali, right? Yeah, I've reacted to many videos telling about them, Kali. So I know it's real, it's strong. So both are totally different style, right? So such different style, fighting each other sounds very interesting, doesn't it? Oh, I can't wait for watch it. So now let's get into it. If you enjoy the content, give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing if you hear it. So let's get into it. Eskreema versus Iado, which martial art is better? If you are familiar with martial arts, then you would have heard about Eskreema and Iado. These are two commonly known martial arts within the martial arts circle. In this video, we'll be exploring their history, their primary objectives and conclude by giving our opinion on which of these two martial arts we believe is better. What's through to the end to find out what we think? I'm really impressed with the people who think about this situation, this video. Fantastic idea. All right, with that done, let's get down to business. Also known as Arnes or Kali, Eskreema is the national martial art of the Philippines. It is a martial art that is focused on the use of weapons and incorporates a range of them including sticks, knives, blades. Oh, that is Bruce Lee, right? He's doing Kali as well. So he took it into one of his martial arts. Really? Oh, now I'm really impressed with Kali more. Wow, I didn't know that. He did weapons and other improvised weapons. Despite its emphasis on weapons, Eskreema involves open hand combat techniques as well. I know this must have. The origin of Eskreema can be traced back to a period of intense conflicts between several pre-Hispanic Filipino tribes or kingdoms. Some theories link the origin of Eskreema to India. These theories insist that the martial art arrived at the Philippine islands thanks to travelers who came through Indonesia and Malaysia, having picked up the ancient Indian martial art salam bomb. I didn't know that. So so Kali has been affected by many countries, martial arts, Indonesia, India. I know some of my subscribers insist that you know Kali is from Indonesia or some of his colleagues from Malaysia, India. I know. Now I know what they are meaning. On their way to the Philippines, the more predominant narrative, however, is that Eskreema was practiced among the native Filipino people, many of whom were commoners who lived in poverty. The martial art was not known to be practiced amongst many of the society's elite and noble people. Early records written by the first Spanish explorers to visit the Philippine islands indicate that a weapon-based martial art was widely practiced amongst the natives before their arrival. Although direct links between this ancient martial art and modern Eskreema have not been well established, many believe that the link exists. Early Spanish records report that the first Spanish settlers fought native tribesmen armed with sticks and knives, two prominent weapons of choice in the modern day Eskreema. While the Philippines was eventually conquered by the Spanish, it is unclear how much of an influence the Spanish rule had on Eskreema as a martial art, but most historians agree that there was a considerable influence as is reflected in the name Eskreema. After the Spanish colonized the Philippines, a decree was made that prohibited civilians from carrying full-sized swords like the crease or the campalan. This, however, did not stop practitioners of Eskreema as they found a way to keep the art alive by resorting to sticks made of retan in place of swords. They also used small knives as weapons and wielded them like swords in combat. So I guess Karambeads comes from this era as well. Modern Eskreema combines the native fighting techniques of the Philippines with old Spanish fencing techniques, and over time a degree of systematization has established this martial art as unique to the Philippines. There is a culture of blade carrying in the Philippines, implying that people in the Philippines are more... So, Cali taking many good things from the strong martial arts from every country and getting stronger and stronger and the God, one of the strongest martial arts in the world now. Wow, that makes sense, that's so strong. Likely to carry a knife than a gun. Although many of the people in the Philippines carry knives for their day-to-day activities, especially farmers and food vendors, these knives, which can be so easily concealed, can also double as devastating combat weapons. This culture is a reflection of the martial art style of the Philippines. Students learning Eskreema are taught to fight with weapons from the onset and are only allowed to advance to empty hand training after they have mastered stick and knife techniques. Many Eskreema systems begin by training students with two weapons which could be a pair of sticks or a combination of a stick and a wooden knife. This method of combat trains the students to be ambidextrous as they are taught never to move both hands in the same direction. Another feature of Eskreema, called the live hand, involves the use of a free hand to control, trap or disarm the opponent's weapon. The free hand is also used to block attacks from the opponent or to execute simultaneous motions of the arm, such as a technique called the bicep destruction. The most notable weapons used in Eskreema are a range of sticks, edged weapons, including a variety of blades and other flexible weapons such as a sarong, ikud, latigo, and tabak toyak, all of which are different kinds of ropes. Now to the Japanese martial art Iado. Iado is a martial art that relies heavily on the use of the Japanese long sword called the katana. The martial art focuses on the mastering of sword drawing techniques that are performed with smooth and efficient motion to devastating effect. While Iado can be an aggressive martial art, practitioners are trained to develop an imposing presence and a mental pressure that they use to dissuade an opponent as much as they can. Mental is also really important for you Iado. Until the only option left is to resort to the katana. Nevertheless, a key feature of this martial art is to train practitioners to be extremely alert, and able to draw out their swords quickly to respond to sudden attacks. In line with this, Iado has four major components. The first is the smooth and controlled movement involved in drawing your sword from its scabard. This is followed by striking or cutting the opponent to inflict damage, after which the blood on the blade is carefully removed, and the sword is placed into its scabard. All these ought to be done in smooth sweeping motions. New students usually practice Iado using a wooden sword, also known as a bokeh, for safety reasons. You didn't know that. Otherwise, they could use a blunt edge sword called Iato. More experienced practitioners are, however, allowed to use a sharp edge sword and train it. Wow. Despite the history of Iado, the hundreds of styles of swordmanship involved in this martial art subscribe to non-combative aims and purposes. In many ways, see this is what I'm said, some right X. Yeah, actually it's filmed. So if you guys have a chance, you should watch it differently. You can see the how strongly the Iado is. As Iado is a reflection of the morals of the classical Japanese warrior, and this martial art is ultimately seen as a means to develop a person in spiritual harmony, who also possesses high intellect, resolute will, and sensitivity. That's so impossible movement though. That's so film. I don't know what I'm saying. It is for this reason that Iado is often performed and practiced as a solo art. Practitioners execute their style and form against one or more imaginary opponents, and an activity known as Kata. The non-fighting aspect of Iado means that its primary emphasis is on the precise controlled fluid motion executed by the practitioner. Cool. In fact, in some schools, the practice of the tamashigiri or the cutting techniques of Iado is not done. If we were to pick between the ancient forms of a screamer and Iado, that would have been a tough one. But looking at the modern forms of both martial arts, choosing between the two would be dependent on personal interest. Clearly, the combat of aspects of Iado have been greatly toned down in recent times. But if you are looking for a martial art that is more about discipline and self-development, than actual combat, then Iado is the better option. However, a screamer will serve you better if you are looking to train yourself in self-defense. Learning to defend yourself using a concealed weapon gives you the advantage of the element of surprise and puts you in a position to defend yourself more effectively. I see. So, do you agree or disagree with our opinion? Let us know what you think in the comments section. Difficult to really difficult requests. That's really difficult to request. It's really difficult to choose which is the stronger right? Well, it's a bit sad that we can't see the real fight by making just explanations. So, what do you think of this guys? For me, as video says, self-discipline or development wise, Iado is the better one, but as for the combat that's bad, I think color is the better option. But thinking of the leech of Katana, it's much longer than weapons like witty, thick or small blaze. You could be killed by fast attack, but if you avoid it, you could be winged, I guess, because color is movement is much faster and much more protective at the same time. So, once you contact the enemy and you wing, that's my opinion. Well, generally, we can't compare though, because these are us after all. That strongness is not the only one that we focus on, right? Okay, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. I hope you like it. If you do, make sure to like, button and subscribe, please. So,