 The Philippines, home is some of the most beautiful islands in the world. And some of the most amazing food and culture you'll ever experience. It's also home to the most friendly, humble, Filipino people that live day by day with smile on their faces, regardless of the challenges they may face. As a Filipino American, they grew up in the USA. I wanted to humble myself and experience what life is like living like a Filipino in poverty. The goal is one month living in the Philippines province on a 200-pacel with day budget, which is $4 USD. I must live like a Filipino in experience every day just like my ancestors who still live and still living to this day. So join me on this new journey of becoming a true Filipino, Pyramid. Welcome back guys to Camping in the Philippines Day 23. So guys, today we're starting this vlog very, very late. It is probably 5 pm right now. And guys, we got rock star in the cut, we got Mary Jo in the cut, and we got me literally getting a hug. So guys, today I'm going to be getting a haircut. And obviously guys, I know my hair has been crazy, I know this needs to get shaved off and everything. But guys, to be honest, the reason I haven't been getting a haircut is because I simply can't afford it. I cannot afford a haircut. The barber I go to is too expensive. He's not in the budget, he's actually over the budget. It costs about 300 pesos, 350 pesos for a haircut. And now our budget is only 200. So guys, we're going to have to go to a Filipino barber that charges 50 pesos. Am I scared? I'm very scared. Are you really charged 50 or 150? Well, 100 for tip, but I really just need something quick. I'm not going to get anything special because I have my own barber. So after these days, our over, these camping days are over, I will actually get my official haircut. And guys, if you haven't seen my haircut transformation video in the Philippines, I'll pop it up right here. This barber changed my life. He made me homeless to what? For a few months. Yeah, it's a human to a different person. So guys, I'm kind of nervous, I'm kind of scared, but like I said, I'm not going to get nothing too crazy. So they really can't mess it up. So we'll see you guys when we go to the barber shop. Peace. Before we leave, guys, I forgot to tell you that after I get my haircut, we will be letting Mary Joy finish the job. What? You're going to be cutting my hair. How? Or not cutting it. I'm not trimming it. Oh, trimming it? Yeah, she's going to trim my beard and then she's going to line my hair up. So we're going to let her do it. You're going to let her do it. No, just my hair line. We'll give you number eight on top. You're going to give you some bangs. All right, well, that's the process. So we're going to go get that haircut because I need one super bad. And then after that, we're going to let her finish the job. So let's go guys. I'm scared. I'm nervous, but we'll see you guys. As we just arrived to the barber shop. So now listen, I need you to tell them just eight guard. Eight guard and shave everything. Number eight and just shave everything. That's simple. It's number eight and shave everything. If he doesn't have a number eight, then we have to go somewhere else. All right, we're not. So guys, just a number eight, shave it off and we're done. So let's go. Yeah. Come on. Come on. You're going to get a haircut. 70 pesos. Okay. So it's 70 pesos, which is the price of the meat. So it's $1.00. We're going to take it. Ask a movie as number eight, card number eight, card. Yeah. Perfect. Perfect. The barber shop. Pretty cool. Pretty cool home service now. Pretty good business. Yeah. Home service contact number. So we're going to get that traditional Filipino experience. It's not really the traditional Filipino experience, you're just going to get shaved. Well, it's because I can't cheat on my barber. Yeah. Like I said, guys, I'm going to link that video in the description. If you've never seen that video, my barber does a great job. It's an amazing job. So this one is going to be more affordable. So we'll see you guys when it's our turn. So guys, we're up next. Super excited. What is your name, sir? What is your name? Jesse. Jesse? Yeah. Okay. We're with barber Jesse and this is his barber shop. This is your shop, sir? Yeah. Okay. Very nice shop. Very nice shop. Very solid ice. Hmm. Okay. So guys, first time you're in a Filipino haircut, Filipino style. Do you think, what do you think? I don't know. I'm kind of scared for you. Oh, no, no, no. You're a fisherman. So sir, it's very simple cut, very simple haircut. I just want number eight and just shave it. Just shave number eight. So tell me. Number eight, number eight is not easy. It's just a shave. So simple. So simple. So simple. Very easy job. And then after that, it's all done. We're done. Oh. Want me to hold it, right? Yeah, you can hold it enough. What did you guys open this shop every day? Every day? Yeah. Okay. It's brand new. I'm not holding it. Oh. It's because for one year, we're going to shave or hear that. We got the number eight. First. Is this your first time cutting on foreigner? No. Oh, no. Okay. It's good. I have a lucky customer. Oh. How long do you cut here? Almost eight years. Wow. It's really good. It tastes like the cut. How do you learn? You learn from YouTube or... Yourself. Yeah. Oh. It's good. My customer is my friend. Oh. Okay. That's good. You cut your own hair? Oh. I can do it. That's good. So hard. Yeah, yeah. So hard. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. I'm going to shave number eight. I'm going to shave number eight. I'm going to shave number eight. I'm going to shave number eight. I'm going to shave number eight. You're going to get the number eight, guys. You're going to look like a whole new person. Yeah. Transformation. What is the most popular haircut you do? Fade, fake, fake, like... Long, fake, high-fade. Yeah. Okay. Eight or a few days. Oh, it's eight years. Yeah. The tapered fade is one. Tapered. That's what I can think. Yeah. That's the popular, now. I'm going to be skinny. I'm going to Spain this year Take a big day for home What do you think about me? Yeah, too many Before it's me Just how we call it the army back Not a major Okay sir, I think that's it Yeah You're done? So this is the progress guys looking good Do you have YouTube channel sir? I do have Oh you should make YouTube That's all that pays Oh bro, you should record your haircut Yeah, good for content Before I start then I will record your hair Yeah, I think I'll be good then I will put on the course Yeah, yeah, to get more business I heard that they sell my shop there Okay, what's your shop called? What's the name? Do you have a dog? I'll get the sign I'm not here to add another sign Okay, I'm just moving This is, you have other barbers or just you? What? Other barbers? No, just yourself That's great, it's a good business I know there are some barbers that I need to pack another barber Yeah, so hard to pack So yeah, true, true You have to train them No time But that's good How many people do you cut a day? A day Sometimes 20 No, 10 Wow, so it depends on the busy day Okay, okay Today It's very busy Very busy Okay, today was busy That's good Not too Just an average day, it's okay Love it so Possibly the same person Which will still get more customer later I'm just... Oh, it's gonna close though, right? You guys close? Of course, it's so hard to say Do you think No, no, no, two more, two, three more Okay, absolutely Hold on, hold on, hold on Up there, up there Oh, they compare, yeah That's good How can they get our own money about it? Yeah, yeah So this, the progress right now It's getting there super short Number eight Okay I was looking so homeless. No hair cut. No hair cut. I couldn't do it no more. I said I need a hair cut. That's it. Appreciate you. Next time we'll get the tape. This is my low tape. It takes a bit. But it's okay for now. I just am showing you short hair. Alright. It's when it looks like, yo. So we got very low. Very low. Number 8. Number 8 and number 5. Number 8 and number 5. Perfect. So, thank you so much sir. There you go. You can keep the chains here. Alright guys, we just got it. Now, let's go home and you can line me up now. She can finish the process. She'll line me up. I'm speaking with Riley. Maybe possibly. Peace. Alright guys, this is how I'm looking right now. Hold on. How do I get this straight? Alright guys. This is how I'm looking right now. So basically what I want her to do is just line it up. And then take my sirens down a little. Then we'll go from there. So now, do not mess me up. Please. Even though, I gotta say, guys, I couldn't afford a real haircut. So this is all I got. You're even have a coin. This is what it is. Be careful. Be careful. Where are you starting first? Why are you starting there? Are these first? This one. This one. This. Are these. Yup, there you go. All of it. Yup, just shave it down. Take that. Damn bro, you shaved it way too far. He said, shave it down. Yeah, but I meant like just push it down. Jesus, he's so dumb. You got to go like, yeah, you got to go like, don't ever over commit this goal. Sorry. Dude, what are you doing now? Didn't even touch it yet. Yes, you did What is that? I did not do anything now when you do this look I'm gonna do it hold this hold this It's supposed to go like this with the edge Don't do this. Sorry. Oh my gosh. Where are you? Already pushed it back? No, it didn't Supplying yeah This one is Stop moving Then what do you want me to do want me to make it like what yeah, this is fine Where did I do that early? Dude you have a blade to my eye You really don't even have to do that bro. You already started it This is crazy, bro. Really? I need my barber, bro. I need them so bad here. You gotta do this Where is this one? Not he just messed me up for life. Oh, I did it This is a bad idea All right, I'll do this just a touch don't push it too far back where this one. No, not like this turn it's on It's pretty like this Ah But start don't start here start low And you where my hairline is Literally don't go up Don't go up, bro because if you shave this is done just this is only like this Yeah, but you gotta go up too. You can't just go halfway I Dude I didn't do anything Bad idea bro, you just shaved it. I didn't Jesus Christ. I haven't even touched it yet. Yes, you did bros over I'm not doing this. This is over you did touch it. Oh my gosh, bro. You're such a liar. I didn't touch it yet I'm gonna do this go get me a mirror Corning All right, I don't know what's going on. I need saving so I'm just gonna maybe we're gonna ruin it. I don't know I'm gonna try it myself I Can't see this mirror sucks. I can't do it. I can't I need the big mirror It's recording all right guys, so we got a mirror now, so I'm gonna try to do this I Because I'm not trying to do too much Be good on the wrong You Even all it is You There you go. I've been a barber so hard You should have made it pointed Just shave it off here So just make it pointed I look terrible to me and point it No, just make it point up like this It's really not a lot we could do not Just be bald like for you. You don't have no problem. Just shave all of your hair That's it. I think there's a way to do them with them. They're about this one night still low. They're Just trim it like that That I Let me see. 3, 3, 3. More now here is still long hair. It just no longer hits our girls from Chinatown, but that wasn't as good as we thought to be. While we were looking at the video, a 230-am phone operator asked him to do that the photo hinge, as if this was a photo hinge For now do a little work, and without any explanations, I think I'll do too much. It's really it. Let me do the butt. It actually came this morning. She's done it in the front. It's really scary. It's really scary. This is where one dollar gets you in the Philippines. I know we did our own touch. I chose my barber only. I'm not mad at it. I'm going to do the rest. I'm going to go to the first thing I'm going to do is go to my barber. I think it looks better than it was before. We'll see you in day 24.