 Recently, we spoke about the pros and cons of Manila. However, in today's video, we will be looking at what life is like in Manila. To do this, we will cover several areas of living in Manila. This includes the traffic situation, the cost of living and several other topics. You've likely heard all about the good things about Manila, and it's true. Manila is a beautiful city with a unique way of life. And there are many videos on YouTube talking about these very things. Therefore, we're going to be looking more towards the negative side. But first, let's have a look at the topic of English. It's very difficult to find anyone in Manila who does not speak English. The majority of the population use English either daily or interchangeably with Tagalog. Taglish is a popular spoken language in Manila, which is essentially a mixture of English and Tagalog. If you speak a language such as Basaya, which is common in areas such as Sabu, you will not have a problem finding Basaya speakers as Manila is a popular destination for work and living in for other Filipinos across the Philippines. The Philippines is known for many reasons, but many entrepreneurs know Philippines due to their outsourcing call centres. Many of which are located in Manila. This is due to the high level of English. So if you've ever spoken to a Filipino in a customer service role, the chances are they were based in Manila. The Safety of Manila is always an interesting topic. Manila is an extremely large capital, which is composed of over 16 other cities. One of which is Queson City, which is reported to be one of the least safe cities in Manila, statistically. There are many different levels of reported crime across Manila, but interestingly, some of the highest are related to theft. One of the highest reported crime rates in Manila falls under the category of bribery and corruption. Some media outlets have speculated that many of the bribery and corruption incidents have gone unreported for many years. Other sources report a decline in bribery due to the current administration. However, there are many foreigners who have lived in Manila for many years and have not had any problems whatsoever. But similar to any capital city around the world or in Southeast Asia, there are always good areas and bad areas, as well as many local scams. So it's always recommended to be extra vigilant around Manila. Data collected from the last three years shows that Manila is in the top five most expensive cities to live in in Southeast Asia. But why is Manila so expensive? It's not so much that one expense is more expensive than others, it's more that everything in general is more expensive. Even though this may only be a fraction compared to other well-known cities in the Philippines, this soon adds up. For example, eating out at a restaurant two or three times a week may not be that expensive in Ilo-Ilo City, but if you are in Metra Manila, this expense can skyrocket. I would personally budget at least $1,000 US dollars living in Manila, but I have a relatively quiet lifestyle and a low cost of living. If an expat is looking to enjoy the beauties of Manila, such as renting a large unit in the downtown area, for example, they may wish to budget on the higher end, such as $1,500. I've seen many kind foreigners given what they can to local street children and the homeless community, but unfortunately there is an extensive homeless community. Poverty is an ongoing battle and in recent years the good news is that due to local and international charities, there is support to a degree, but as mentioned, the homeless community is extensive. There are several documents about the slums of Manila that can be found across YouTube. The Traffic in Manila is a well-reported topic. The Department of Public Works and Highways have stated several times that the Build Build Project under the current administration will de-conjest Manila. Nonetheless, the great thing about Manila is that there are several transportation options. Transportation includes a fast grab a bike which can be ordered straight from the app or the Manila Light Rail Transit System.