 It's just so incredibly beautiful. Going there was such an incredible experience. Oh yeah. So cool. Really nice. Waga waga waga waga waga waga waga waga waga waga waga waga. Action! What's up Philippines? Welcome to a brand new reaction video on our channel. I'm Mike. And I'm Nelly. To travel through the lifestyle vloggers based in the beautiful city of Makati. Our main channel, making it happen, Lani is linked right up here. On that channel you'll see some fun adventures of us traveling through the Philippines. All over this beautiful planet. We've got some food videos. We've got some... Yeah, it's many food videos. But here on what's up Philippines, we do reaction videos to content you submit to us via the link in the description box down below. So if you submitted a link already, give this video a big fat thumbs up. If you plan on sending us a video to react to, also give it a thumbs up. Yes. With that being said, we want to dive into today's video because it is about some places that you have to see and it's the seven wonders of the Philippines. And I wonder if we have seen these wonders. Yeah, everybody comment down below right now. Do you think we've seen one of them, four of them, or possibly even all seven? All of them. All right, so get into it? Yes, let's go. That was loud. We have a new laptop, guys. It's like in times. Seven wonders of the Philippines. The Philippines is an archipelago of more than 7,000 islands, offering countless natural wonders. So beautiful. Yeah. What's a better way to experience those then to visit the place? So hold on tight and fasten your seatbelt as I take you to a park to refer to the seven wonders of the Philippines. Welcome to seven wonders of a country series. This is the Lifehack Line, the channel that gives you amazing lifehacks and interesting facts. Make sure to watch this video till the end because you don't want to miss the gym. I like this nice tux with the gym. Number seven, 100 islands national park. It is the most of mainly 24 islands scattered in the Philippines. We will close. We will cover an area of 16.76 square kilometers. 100 islands national park is popularly known for its magnificent natural geological formation. Located by the Aluminum City, Pongasi Mountain. The islands also feature sand beaches and forests with inland. 100 islands is about 2 million years old and are said to be ancient cities that extend well. That's a huge stretch. An area previously comprising the seabed of an ancient sea. Due to the lowering of the sea level, these corals were exposed to the surface and became 100 islands. As a tourist destination, it is ideal for swimming, diving and snorkeling. This natural park also has rich biodiversity and its whole crafty metaxe. From your stallfights, sea turtles, reticulated pythons, and so much more. The best part is that majority of the islands make them all commercialized and are still unspoiled, so you will truly witness pure beauty of nature. Number seven, Jumbo-Daha-Rieves National Park. Situated in the middle of the sea level, Tuba-Daha-Rieves National Park is a world heritage site, which, as an integral reef, with a very high density of marine species. This marine protected area was discovered in the late 70s and has become the most remarkable coral reefs on the planet. It is not a third percent of all coral reefs are in the Philippines. Yes, we learned that. And also, this coral reef is on the, is it on the 100-pieceau bill? 1000-pieceau bill? Oh, that's not another one. It is? Yeah, it is. All right. Can we have any money here? I think I'll write down. Okay, if I find the note, I will put it on to the screen so you can see it. And this region is very hard to travel to. What I heard. What I heard. Yeah. It's in the world. It's extraordinary biodiversity and breathtaking underwater scenery. This natural park is indeed a dream of any diverse, the green waters, lots of currents, and diverse marine life. It also offers diverse more than a dozen divesites to explore. We're incredibly beautiful, healthy corals, and pelagic-like mantarades, whale sharks, baracuda, and tuna thrive. If you are a non-diver, don't worry because you can still watch a glimpse of the secret stingray. Check out the chicken's bicep. Number five, chocolate hills. It is. Yes, finally. Legship tourist destinations of the Philippines. Located in the middle of the island of Bohol, chocolate hills consists of at least 1268 hills over an area of more than 50 square kilometers. At the end of the dry season, the famous hills earned their name when the grass turns from green to ground. At all times, they retain a uniform look with no trees or clumps of shrubs growing on them. The hills are not huge. The highest one barely reaches 120 meters in height, and are 30 to 50 meters apart. Mystery still surrounds how this extraordinary landscape was formed. According to a legend, there were two giants fighting for days in hurling earth and stones at one another, forming the beautiful landscape of chocolate hills. However, according to geologists, the hills are weathered formations of a marine limestone lying on top of an impenetrable play base. Whatever their origin, the magnificent landscape is truly a wonder. Number four, Heladuan and Chandler. Tucked in the forests of the province of Surugao del Sur, in the island of Minimau, the Heladuan and Chandler River is one of the most popular cities. It is famous for its unusually clear blue waters. Mostly centered in the blue, there's a hole in the ground to get more alluring. The longer you stare at them, it is around 80 feet of saltwater river that flows into the Pacific Ocean. This beautiful river is largely unexplored, and its mysterious ducts have led to various worries of the being twelfth on by mythical spirits. According to folklore, during the night, various pixies and lormates gathered to play as similar as the waters. Hence, it's popular in Chandler River. Another enigma about this magical place is the different varieties of fish in various colors. Every afternoon, everyone is asked to exit the waters in a tool called the hymn of Hena Duan, played. In a large school of fish, we'll surface out of nowhere, and no one knows where they come from, or where they go. Then, they are fed by the staff members. This specializing almost surreal display continues for about an hour, during which no one is allowed to enter the water. It looks so unreal. So, its rehabilitation in 2017, swimming has been prohibited in the blue lagoon, but you can still take a designated area ten meters away. Number three. Also, one thing that we realized on our last visit, it was very, very polluted around the tourist attraction. So, if you go there, please throw your trash into the trash bin and not on the floor. It was really shocking to see and really sad to see the amount of trash that was laying around. I hope that during this pandemic, it was they were able to rehabilitate even like the outer areas of the river, but going there was such an incredible experience. Really, really nice. And it seems like the next one is also a space that we've visited, so that's free from sample so far. But now we're ice terraces. It is a 2000 year old terraces that were carved into the mountains of people go. But now we're ice terraces was built largely by hand, making it a natural wonder that combines the harmonious interaction between people and its environment, creating a fresh, taking landscape of various things. So stunning. This spectacular landscape is well preserved, not only due to its vital role and tourism, but also the social and economic well-being of the locals. Until now, locals still plant rice and vegetables on the terraces. This UNESCO World Heritage Site is described as a memorial to the history and labor of more than a thousand generations of small-scale farmers who, working together as a community, have created a landscape based on a delicate and sustainable use of natural resources. Truly, the rice terraces stand as a testament to ingenuity. Culture and traditions of the people live in the core delier of mountain range. Number two, Puerto Princesa Subtítor. Yes, that's 4.7. The site represents a significant habitat for biodiversity conservation and both a full mountain to see ecosystem. In 2012, it was initially confirmed that the Puerto Princesa Subtítor Way River is one of the new seven wonders of nature. The cave inside the UNESCO World Heritage is one of the largest cave rooms in the world and stretches for a total of 24 kilometers long, flowing directly into the West Philippine Sea. The river system was created millions of years ago, as water channeled its way through the rock, creating a series of vast chambers and caverns. The river and its own, are not a complex ecosystem with many of the species found are endemic to the river system. And last but not the least, number three, what is it? Yes, bye! Actival paintings. Bye from seven. Albuy and renowned for having an almost perfect cone because of its symmetrical shape. Mayon is the gullana language that means beautiful. Definitely, this majestic, the most picturesque natural wonder of the country. Mayon volcano covers an area of 5775.7 hectares, which includes its adjacent surroundings, rising more than 2,400 meters above sea level. Mayon volcano dominates a flat place of albay. That means you can see its mesmerizing beauty even when you are in the neighboring towns. However, it's so... It's so... It's so majestic. Majestic. ...and it is usually covered in clouds. We were lucky it was outside of clouds every time we went. The moment you step in albay, it's like the nature telling you you are beautiful. Aside from the breathtaking scenery, you can also avail of an altering people or an agency to see the volcano's crater. At the top, you will be struck in awe at the panoramic view of the surrounding towns and the Pacific Ocean. We didn't come up there. You know some other wonders of the Philippines? Wow! So awesome. Yeah, my own volcano video will also pop up right here. I'm so proud of you. I think we can only put 5 videos, 5 cards. Yeah, we got 5. Okay, but we also have... Okay, yeah. So, yeah, we were super happy to find out that we saw 5 of the 7 wonders. We need to complete the list. Yeah. So the reef and 100 islands, we need to do it. I think one of the most underrated places is actually Mayon volcano because... Oh yeah. If you... when you see it on pictures, you're like, that's pretty. But when you're there, you're just constantly staring at the volcano because it's just so incredibly beautiful and so... I don't know, it's just fills me with emotions just thinking about it. And I posted a story on my Instagram just today about my own volcano because we were there before, you know, this thing happened. Cool thing is you can actually see Mayon volcano all the way from Northern Samaritan. Yeah. And the island we visited, Birri Island, really stunning. And during sunset, we were up on a little hill and we could see Mayon all the way from Samaritan. And the whole region there is just so beautiful, really stunning. Right, so beautiful. Actually, you guys should check out Mayon's main channel making it happen. Like, there's a playlist of that entire road trip that we did through B-Call, including all the Mayon things. Nelly will put it in the description box down below. Right next to the link where you can submit videos to us to react to. Yeah. Enjoy today's video, give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the video and you or see you guys next time on What's Up Philippines! Bye-bye!