 The morning 10 a.m. 5 November. Saturday morning I think so. Yes, Saturday morning because it's a pretty day. We're in San Marcellino right now. We just left the tile shop. Lady Jazz and I talk last night. We're not going to go with wood for the stairs, the steps. We decided just to go with tiles. It's cheaper. The wood we're looking for is just too expensive. Or you have to, yeah, it's expensive plus then you have to wait like a week or two weeks. There's other places we checked around that doesn't have it available. So we're going to go with tiles. We just want to move our project along and the materials for the stairs is just down a higher priority for us. Long as it looks decent and functional and it compliments the house. We're okay with it. We got a message from Coria Mike for the set to take stuff. He wanted a 5 inch elbow for the sewage line. Just one item and we just saw him yesterday afternoon, evening time and then maybe an hour past this morning. So have patience, we'll travel. No patience, get you some. So we message him back and say, hey, just give us a whole list. Just think ahead, plan ahead, give us a list of stuff you need. Hang on just a second. Sorry about that lady Jazz. In the back door, it was locked. So anyway, so he sent us a big list of things then. I mean, like a minute later. So I'm scratching my head, why didn't you send that in the first place? So now we're calling them around. We're going around trying to get some more materials. It's the way of life here. Yeah, just get used to it. You can tell them a thousand times, but you know, just you got to keep telling them every day. Just be prepared for that when you come building your home. I don't care what you're thinking, you know, just cause it works for one. That could be that one out of a thousand that it works for. You know, the 999 of us, you know, we got to deal with this every day. There's always something. So just keep smiling. But now so we're still on the search for tiles and the elbows. We had a couple of items she got from here. So it's another run around day. So we'll tag this on to some updates we got later and some other changes we got going on. We made our way down to Wilcox Depot once again. And we're trying to get some tiles for the stairs. And the sizes keep changing. We keep calling back and we get a different size. I've got the 30 stays constant, but the 90. It's gone from 90 to 92 to 96. Back to 92. So we just keep calling and asking the measurements and the most we're going to get. We're going to have to buy a wider anyway. And so we'll see how it goes in there. But the problem we're facing now is to see that sign. It says new. But then they scrunched down here. And then they said no stock. Well, only needed six boxes. And the sign says new. But no stock. So they're going to check their computer. And we'll see. But that's kind of where we're at now. The other issue we're having is for the PVC pipe, the orange pipe, the sewage line pipe. They put in our house to exit is five inches. Yes, what none of the hardware stores have down here. Five inches. We need an elbow. Four elbow, five inch elbows. They don't have it. They have four inch elbows. They have six inch elbows, but no five inch elbows. Welcome to my boo high. Oh, my goodness. We're close. We're close, but no cigar. All right, folks. Let's see if walk on has a five. I kind of doubt it. Oh, hey, oh. Hang on. I saw a thumbs up. Okay. I'm not going to get excited. Because sometimes those little computer gadgets or mallet. When they put eyes on six boxes of this, I'll get excited. Okay, deal. Yeah, there we go. Oh, I'm sorry. You don't mind. I'm sorry, lady. You don't mind if I vlog. Okay, okay. I forgot to ask first. I'm sorry. All right, so we're going to wait. She's going to check. Got the fingers crossed. We'll see. I kind of like this. I didn't at first, but I'm thinking, okay, it's got some gray in it. Light gray. Got some brown. Of course, the white. Our railings are going to be white. And if the brown will go with the floor and the white and the kitchen things. And I got a sneaky feeling our wall paint is going to change to a white. I've been here to kind of talk about it lately. The life of a man, the woman always has the right to change her mind. Woohoo! We'll see. Anyway, this is a thousand, twenty-five pesos, a box. There's five pieces to a box. So the number we were told that we would need based on the measurements. Whether it's ninety, ninety-two, or ninety-six. This is the size. And we're going to have to cut it either way and use it on the side of the stairs. I'll show that later, what I'm talking about. Anyway, that's the kind of color we're looking at. Usually they can put eyes on six boxes in the back and we'll be good. I was looking at other stuff like this and she wasn't too keen on that. I was looking at some stuff. I just wanted to put some darkness to the stairs. And but we'll see. I do kind of like that white color. I do kind of like that. You know, sometimes I just got to suck it up and listen to the lady. Because usually ninety-nine point, nine, nine, nine percent of the time she's right. She chose lead, isn't she? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay, guys. She's resting over there. I'll feed out. She's talking on a river, Nileeta. So she can see, we're here at the property. The blue chalk is the guy for the windows. We have to work out the framing of that window. The big one straight ahead and the one to the left. The current frame that Cory of Ferdinand had up there isn't sufficient or isn't big enough large enough. So anyway, we're going to have to go over here and talk between the window guy and Cory of Ferdinand and Jesse and get this worked out so we can get it fixed so they can get the windows in. Because the windows team has a project somewhere they have to get to. So we've got to work on this and get this taken care of. And we'll go from there. That's Cory of Mike in the back just took him a cold water. We were not able to find the five inch elbow. As some places said, there's no such thing other people said, yeah, there is, but we don't have it. Can't order it. I don't know. We're getting to run around on that. We'll work it out sooner or later. Let's get this done first. I'm going to go ahead and stop because they're cutting something over there and you can hear the soil going. So, all righty. Okay, we just got done talking to the window guy. I'll talk some more in that a little bit. Ah, right now just back out here. As soon as we had no success getting a five inch elbow, everybody kept saying no. They had four inch or six inch, but no five inch. So this is what we're looking at. First compartment, we got the two pipes. A couple of inches down from that. We got the two pipes. A couple of inches down from that. We got the other two pipes. We got a better look at it over here. Just see. Yeah, you can see where it drops. I can't, anyway. I can see where it drops. Yeah, I confirmed it there. My, it was good there, but the rest of the mess goes lower, lower, lower. It's anyway the water goes out and as he's fill up and three and a half years, we're empty, empty, empty. And then the lead slimes are going to, as you can see, going to go out that direction. We're going to kind of curve them over that way. Just to match what we needed, the five inch elbows for. So we may have to, if we're not able to locate them within the next several days, probably going to have to heat up the PVC pipe and kind of start some bendage. So it'll go in that direction. We needed three there for the elbows to bend. We need one of the elbows here, as we're going to bring it down into the ground. So we're going to have to work that as we come to it. Right now back in here. You can see all the hardware. Put on the cabinets. Up here. So I do a little fast. Got the tiles. Mr. Nelson, welcome back. You can see this is the door to our bedroom that brought it down to the barn and she let it dry. So for here, give you an explanation. Oh, this is for the delivery. Okay. The mystery of the five inch pipe has been solved. The five inch sizing came from the eyeball. We got here, Lady Jazz. She goes, go your mic. Now, show it to the gun, please. You can say, well, that's the five inch slot. The hat's down to the hand. So, go your mic like the true soldier he was. Or he is. He measured it. Here's the four inch pipe. Oh, that ran around. That's cool. Oh, anyway, that's the relief. So we've sent a brother to get four, four inch elbows. That's a big relief. Okay. That's a good thing. All right, enough settle that. Oh, Doug, as Jim Cleffi would say, listen to him, Stuart, by the men named Jed. We just go some back and they're out there chipping up the work they did. We were burdened and did yesterday. Because we're extending the frame. It has to come out four inches from where it was. Let me call to see if I can get on the outside and wait until our grind is good. Well, walk away, all the way around the corner. Looks like they finished up the rendering here up until there. And they got us moved all that out, obviously. Down here, it's been done up under the tarp. So anyway, what we're talking about, the window guy said he's the engineer, the window thing. He's just framed that they put up all the way around. They got to come out. Let me go down this frame here. So this window, and that window over there, they got to come out four more inches from here. They're going to center the frame between here and the four inches. They're going to center it all the way around, all the way around, and the square. And on the top, they're going to come out from the four inches, about two feet, like a two feet cement, canopy kind of thing. To keep the water from getting in the top and seeping through the seal. Eventually, at the top of the window frame, over there, they're going to do that for the two-foot extension canteen and then over here on the top, both the top, both of them. So that will give it a little bit more character. I guess they're just hanging this here to keep the tarp. This is the busted tile that's been a few. It's only been cut and break in them and fit them. So that's what we're looking at here. It's been a delivery for Blue Hardware. It's up to bringing in more cement, more rebar, and some other materials I think we're going to need. So we're going to make a trip to the Blue Hardware to make that payment. It's got my truck swill over there before. Once they leave, I'm going to back up and unload the tile we bought for the tarp. And then we're going to go to Blue Hardware and make that payment. You can see what they're having to do now. It's a shame, but it's got to be done. And over here, I said, working on is the pole for the pile of 4-takes. And then we back away from the noise. Sorry, I'm backing up. I'm not really paying attention. I'm looking for snakes. So that's the big pole. It's probably about 4-5 inches around. So they're doing their cuts on it now and getting it ready. Over here, we have a small confliction, a contradiction between what the farming wants to do and what we want to do. So we're going to win that one. Because he wanted to bring the fire stir case up somewhere over here. But he wanted to do it from the ground. He said the ground's more stable to do it from. And I don't want to do that. Because we built that 50-centimeter foundation. We raised the foundation up 50 centimeters and we built it in. We could go back to our earlier beginning videos that are in portrait. And the reason we did that, because the engineer and the farming suggestion that since it's a rice field and it's going to fill up with water, we need to raise the foundation up 50 centimeters to prevent flooding into the home. Even though I told him my plan was to eventually put a wall around this place. So the only water that's going to get in here is from the rain. And the rain water doesn't raise that high. But as a precaution, we did it. He didn't cost me extra. Maybe a dig, but not that I'm aware of. It probably did. And portion two. Anyway, so there's a side porch that's going to go here. And I want the spiral stir case to start from the top of the porch to go up. And that's what we're going to have in the discussion with him over here. Now, this porch needs to be cleared out here. Dug out. Concrete blocks, rebarred, filled in. And a concrete floor on it. And then we build up the spiral staircase. So that's the discussion on going there. As you can see, we're going to talk with Jesse on that. I know he made this degree, but we're going to. That's what I want, because I don't want to step into no rain puddle over here. To get up to my step, step down for my porch, and then the goat just to go up. Now, anyway, over here you see still needs to be rendered here, here, here. So I need to do those ceilings under the porch is there. Need to render in the go over here as well. The ceiling, so while I was talking about the previous video under here, I'm going to walk around the back side still needs to be rendered, but that can be done later. There's some things I want to get done, because I'm probably looking at two workstoppers in about two weeks, maybe a third week if I can free up a little bit more money to pay these guys. I'm still having to kick out money for some materials here and there. So we'll have to see it's going to be a day by day. But we got to render this too. What am I supposed to say? It's already done on the other side, so I can do this at a later date if needed. I need the important things to get done. We still got to put a sewage in here. Sepic tank out here somewhere. You know, we got to go to the porch, it's a spiral staircase. We got to finish the bathroom door, put the window in, that window's got to be done, so they can put a window into it. There's still some stuff here that's important needs to be done. Here, that's got to be finished here. Cory J.C.S. is one of his projects, so there's a lot of things going on. A lot of things we got to get done, we got to get some clarification. Make sure that we move forward with what we want, with the money that we have left. There's Lady J.S., a big sign of relief after her five-ounce pipe frustration thing. Okay, guys, if I see something else, I'll tag it on. Okay, we just hooked in the tiles here. We got six boxes with five tiles each, 30 by 60 centimeters. So we're going to check them out, and see what they're doing. Not cracked originally, going to come out and bottom out, and the store's in the truck. One box is already cracked, the guy caught it. It's cracked into, I guess, and he brought it back, and the guy's in the box. So we're just checking, so we just open the moves up. That's kind of how it's going to look. So this means this is not 31. Maybe this is 21. Well, that's what I said. They're going to have to cut it then, because I don't want the tile hanging over the roof. Yeah, we'll have them decide where it will do it. They're going to have to be cut. They're going to have to be cut. And we don't want it to be cut. I wouldn't mind the old hang, but this is not going to be cut in here. It's going to be a lot of fun. It's going to be a lot of fun. So that's all we're going to do is check the tile by tiles, so I'm not going to bore you with that video. And this is a crack, and then, of course, I'm going to take a video, and show you what kind of house it is. So we just have to wrap it around. See the ingenuity here? Got a couple of bamboo poles. They got a board. Stick it up. Probably concrete that, and that's going to support it. Probably some more here. And then, probably going to go out another. It's got to be two feet, I said. So I'm going to also look at sharpness, little calves. There's the LeBron James. This is the bail. All the way good. Look, he got the four-inch elbows. And then, that's the lady Jazz. Now, we've got to talk to Kogi Jesse about the porch here in a few minutes, but he's at busy welding right now. So, all ready? Ready? Up here it is. It made one step here, and then, as you're on this house, it's going to fill in the pole. Once you get done with it and everything, so they're going to be sanding off all the rust, priming it and painting it. Once they're all done with it, that's the first of 16 steps. And we're confirmed whether the machine's going to start from the porch and go up in the 16 steps. So, center pole, and the mother pole. And then, we're going to do the same. And then, we're going to do the same. Center pole, and the mother pole over there. Yeah, what Koei are ferdinand here is what we're going to use is the b-bar. The nails, the hood is cemento. Ingenuity. A lot of them, shot. Me, simply. Okay, babe, what, where we going now? Ta-da, okay, let me close the toy. Okay, are we coming back? No.