 What's up, nomads. Thank you guys for coming back to my channel. If you guys are new here, welcome as well So a little backstory on me. I am Trinidad. I am 20 years old a young traveler who's currently living in the Philippines and I'm going to school here. So on today's topic. We're gonna be talking about Why chose the Philippines to be going to school? What major I'm doing, what school I'm going to and the process that takes to attend this school So let's get into the video. So you guys might be asking yourselves why would this kid go to a foreign country to then do school? Well, here's why For starters, it is so much cheaper than the states like so much cheaper when I get to the numbers later on in this video You guys will see how much cheaper it is just to do school out here The second thing is if I end up not liking it at this particular school I made sure and we ask almost every faculty member My credits are transferable. So if I end up not liking school here My time studying here is not wasted and then I can go back to the states and continue my education That's just in case, but I Ten not to do that. So we'll see how it ends up being like When school actually starts picking up The third thing was I wanted a different college experience than my Graduating class and that's really bold to me one just to move over here and two to actually go to school here That's gonna be chain Game-changing. So we'll see how it is how the education system is here versus the states So why choose financial management as your choice of major well because You're learning how to Budget you're learning how to structure a company so it can be sustaining and flourish Because that's the end result right to make more money and Make sure that your business does not die of any sort from any economic collapse or A lack of supply and demand so any of those things that affects a lot of businesses I think is very crucial to understand and how to Incorporate a better system so you don't have those issues or if you do minimize them And if I learn how to budget then I can use the same methods to apply to any business that I could potentially run So I think those are things that I find very intriguing and everyone should have some type of knowledge about financing So those are my reasons and now we're gonna go to the third reason Well for starters you go to San Carlos University look it up look for international Application to fill out the information but before doing all this Make sure you get these crucial documents so for starters you need a photo ID The ones that you take for your passport you need to those transcript of record from 11th and 12th grade diploma or Certificate of graduation and your birth certificate You photos of these and then you submit them with the application once it goes processed through and you get accepted Then you will have a student ID number they can then log into your isthmus account The isthmus account is basically your student account for San Carlos you're able to Take your classes look at your study load Look at your finance and how much you owe to school and The down payment for this is 3000 pesos which is 60 US Immigration requirements This one was so demanding I don't Let's just get into it So you need to identify your transcripts diploma police clearance and birth certificate so for your police clearance You can do state and county They just want a life scan and To see if you have no record if you're a criminal or not Now what they mean by authentify that they were not specific in the instruction the one I was doing my application is that they want an Apostle documents. I will show what an Apostle document looks like right now I got this from the person that's processing the student visas and Basically you're asking the state that you currently live in To Authorize these documents to say that they're legit and this is the highest that you can go to authorize your documents This is actually more known in other countries in the states obviously we didn't know so We had to learn through experience that you need this So when they mean by verified this is what they mean and Get it before you come to the state so it's not a huge hassle for you guys The next thing that they want to know when you are applying here and you're doing financing is notarize after David Support meaning if you're able to support yourself with the financing then show the person that is doing your Financing for in my situation. I don't need that. I just need to show my bank statement And I was good to go so I don't need an affidavit support, but if you do then that's what they need from you guys And then you need to go get a clearance an MBI clearance which stands for a national Bureau of investigation clearance So what you do here is you fill out an application you get your life scan done and then this Process should take three to four weeks After do that you go back to MBI You get a wet and dry stamp seal if you don't get a dry stamp seal Then you have to go back and make sure you get it. I had to do that. So I speak from a speak from experience The next thing is a medical certificate quarantine stamp So for this you need to first go to JC Dinosik Center and And you have to do four tests a blood test urine test chest x-ray test and a stool test this all costed me 500 vessels which is $10 US and I was able to get these within hours Doesn't take that long The next thing they have to do is book an appointment with Bureau of quarantine POQ and this cost a thousand pesos $20 US It took me Two weeks to get inside it's with very demanding online So you have to book online or they will not accept you if you even if you go in and they will not do walking So you have to book in with an appointment. So do that and try to do it as soon as you can So what you need to do for this is bring your results from JC Dinosik Center. I will put the On Google Maps where JC then Austin center is and then I'll also show Bureau of quarantine They're like really close by each other walk walking distance. I walked to both areas. You'll be fine And then you need your passport for POQ because that's where they put the stamp inside Then after you do that you Then you need to get your special social security registration number SSRN Not to get this you have to go to jacenter mall Bureau of immigration There's three different stores. So go to whichever one they'll give you and you'll ask for an i card Application you fill it out then you give it to the person They process your stuff bring your passport to because they'll need that And then they'll give you your SSRN. This is for you charge. So you have No issues about We have no worries about bringing money Once you do all that then you go to the school Then you go to the school with your passport and all these documents Make sure your passport is updated before submitting your passport because they're gonna take your passport And it's gonna take I believe two to three months to process your student visa So make sure you extend your student your tourist visa as much as you can I believe it's six months. You don't count my word on that. Please research it But I believe it's six months the max they can do as a tourist So we did that before submitting my passport to the school And then you would need 12 two by two photos The temple of Hong Kong where you can get those and you'll be fine um, I believe that was Um 250 pesos which is five bucks Or now I believe it was less. Yeah, I think it was way less than that Um, but you can get those done and then after everything is all said and done the conversion fee for your tourist to a student visa is 17,000 pesos which is $340 you best That was a lot But just to let you guys know this whole like all these documents I was able to get within a week So it wasn't that much of a hassle I'm still waiting on my Apostle to get here because I shipped it back to the US with those documents to get Apostle because we didn't know that we had to get them Apostle So that's what I'm saying get that done before coming here and last but not least the price for one semester at San University of San Carlos Here's the number 46,692 Bessels and 57 cents which converts to 933 dollars and 85 cents US Now the reason why I say semester is because they advise Students to do semesters because not every student does a full year at this school Sometimes they may take a semester here and they might so take a semester next You know next following here So that's why they advise you to do that and on top of that if you pay in cash it's going to be Less Expensive than when you would pay with credit or debit So that's about it guys. I hope you guys loved this video. I hope it was also informational for you guys that are Thinking about applying to San Carlos or in the Philippines in general I don't know how every university does their application process but for San Carlos This is what you need to do and then these are the documents that you need to get before starting your student visa Conversion so again, thank you guys for watching. I hope you guys liked it like comment share subscribe and see you guys in my next videos You