 Hello one dollar USA Street food eating LAs fillet in LAs Filipino town So Americans react to American Filipino food. Yeah Well, that's the type of Filipino food as of now that we have access to not necessarily LA But American Filipino food. So what can we get here? Yeah, we'll see Because this will probably be similar to stuff that we'd be able to find it nearest to us. Yes So let's see what type of stuff and for you guys if you ever wondered what type of stuff What Filipino American food looks like or see if it's like it is back at The Philippines or it's a lot different here. This is a good learning experience for everybody It seems to be pretty cheap as well. Yeah, one dollar one dollar eating. That's what I like anyways Let's check this out if you enjoy subscribe like the video. Let us know in the comments is this different than Filipino food Good is it does it look good? Yeah, is it the city? They use different ingredients do they Americanize it a little bit I don't know let us know check out our newest travel vlog as well We climbed a mountain and it was dangerous and bad here. We could die. Yeah, so it's fun to find vlog Anyway, let's do this here we go Okay, we are inside of g-bob's restaurant by the way Yeah, I apologize for putting you on my second channel. Oh good. I mean you are first channel material no doubt I just don't have my first channel team with me here today. I have a GoPro So we are using this is like a totally unexpected actually we didn't even know each of us was in LA at the time No, the menu's right here There's a couple things I want to point out and I want to see if you know these foods and if you tried these foods in the Philippines Okay, first is CC what is it describe it to me kick face? Chopped up comes flaming hot sizzling on a Halt tree or even some face today besides that right here crispy hot dog 26 bucks Do you know that is right at the pork leg? Okay here. It's fried for like 20 minutes and we're talking deep right? All right, is deep fried we're talking like a huge portion of legs is like a table centerpiece right there exactly And then the last thing we're gonna get here denuguan. Oh, I know that dish I bet you experienced this when you went to the Philippines everyone saying you have to try denuguan right? Oh, yeah blood blood all the coagulated blood into this amazingly rich And the sauce a cook all the organs the blood is mixed with all of that But like the blood ones it together. Yes exactly. So I'm gonna head into the kitchen Awesome I'm gonna get you with Joe Joe you're the owner. Yes, how long have you had this place? How for years? What do you want to make first? First, I've got a fight up first Are you ready to go for four hours? Wait the whole Seven It's supposed to be 20 minutes. It's already 20 minutes It's gonna get you all packed up into pieces. I can't believe it's not trying for one minute What's up? We have our first course right here Crispy pata very crispy and then here this is actually called crispy denuguan They've got some more importantly that they fried up and then they put the denuguan on top of that I think we should start with the denuguan. You can see this organ is making this last one What the heck? Now gets a crispy pig huge pieces Huge pieces Cheers man So good wow, it's so heavy Right it's interesting it's like these two elements really need each other the pork belly is so fried up Almost like a little dry denuguan is almost like a it just adds so much moisture and lubrication to the dish So these organs like super clean and a little bit of vinegar in there too Yeah, I noticed that as well. I love the vinegar. They use it in a lot of different dishes. Let's jump over to hear them all right So this is the $6.00 oil for four hours Wow all the fat for you have a four-frying It really like breaks down the inside and then the outside is super crispy. That's That was crunch Crispy Fatty on the inside crispy on the outside got that gooey like that mixture I think we should do but this is a soy sauce, but of course it's in Philippine so it makes it with some vinegar too. I believe cheers This is one of the two little favorite Filipino foods What a great pair of bars like no way this is awesome Every part of it is glorified the skin that coming me right off That's just that just kind of compliments Bounces it up all right from here. We have a second appetizer. I thought we're just gonna have CC But they prepared something gigantic for us. I'm gonna go get it now. It's gigantic Antic back in the kitchen right now. We are about to make some CC now. Is this the pig face? Oh Pork butt. Where's the pig face right here? Right here. You can't even tell when it's cut up little pieces of pig face It's tasty DC is almost ready last step coming up A little bit of butter That's sizzling. Oh, yeah This is the CC in case you were worried there's plenty of pig face inside of here Is there any pig here in there too like this to me that's picking a cartilage inside They pick your Much talk about portions we done that calamansi for that finishing touch So much juice we're gonna need that the smells going off here awesome to a little bit sour and smoky smoke Yeah, and there's a little bit of that walk flavor because he hits it in the walk first They call it walk in the Philippines if I call it something else like Nice huh show me different after that great mix of heavy and sour I think for so long in my life I didn't understand citrus and its purpose Uh-huh, and I just always thought like I don't want my food to be lemony But when you mix it appropriately, it just enhances the food makes it more dynamic and that's what it's doing here The best part of CC has to be what first when it comes to your table and it sizzling it's always very exciting But second is the mix of random textures from here Oh, let's give you the mess like we have so much food to try Let me just tell you what's going on. I came here the other day to ask permission to shoot here I asked for these three foods we came here. He's made like six foods and one of them is a size of my thigh Ready ready just too nice you made the CC there's one more big surprise I was not expecting this just a wrapped up mountain dude to leader right there. What's that? Hey? What the heck is that? There's a giant log of meat behind us. What is this? Oh my god They call it Chibok Cha Is this something invented in Sebu? Oh, yeah, so it's like a Le Chon book no bones no bones. It's bone less They cook for in our hours. You know, you got a cord is there. It's came also They put it garlic lemon grass and rain on your inside of them What an amazing treat amazing give. Thank you so much. I can't wait to try this out Okay, this is gonna blow marks mine. You're gonna have low pieces of marks mine all over your restaurant walls. Is that okay? Okay? Okay? Oh Second time today you've pulled the muscle yeah, that is a good food What Awesome, right? Yeah, they've all done themselves an entire belly of a pig Did you get open your eyes? Why not you can eat did that whole thing? Yeah, just I guess up Wow Wow, so rich and delicious I gotta say this is one of the best Filipino food I've ever had yeah This guy took Filipino food I already liked and just elevated it. Oh Joe man remarkable skin Feels like you're crunching on glass The skin is the best part of any the chone everyone knows that and here it is it's very satisfying So unbelievably rich. Oh, yeah, so they have some vinegar here to the rescue Delicious Oh, I'm like I'm really impressed and not because Jojo standing right behind the camera watching everywhere We say I'm a pesca's the food is absolutely is done. It's really really without it I don't know if you know what food I have Mark. I'm not gonna fill you up too much more But there's another spot here in LA that you just wouldn't believe this was a lady ready ready I got the skewers We are at our second and final location behind us can I tell you a secret please when I'm not sure if I can get permission Especially when shooting with you. I come to the restaurant. I say hi on the manager from Mark Wins And he would love to shoot here. He's very famous and they said yes I've got one work, but it worked. I dropped your name and here we are dollar hits Do you know the concepts so you get your skewers and then you actually build them yourself? Wow And there's a ton to choose from and every skewer is one dollar. Let's go inside right now and see what they have It definitely messed it up. Same. I just want to say that. Oh, that says Paul. That's actually my bad Well, there's a lot of skewers Oh my god, this is Say you see what's your first one? First of all, oh Yeah, I don't think it's that widely available. It's like Why have you had the pork blood there in Philippines? Yeah. Oh, this is a nice one right here chicken by chicken What my men do you know how to say this right? I know my note means chicken. So I guess what no means well chicken feet chicken barbecue Pork ears pork barbecue and then right here Pork intestine one of the real popular fake foods in the Philippines or street food, especially its iso. Oh, yeah That's one of the best and so iso can be anything intestinal. I believe I think from here We just load up get a bunch of different stuff and start grilling Getting some pork blood Just watching good Mythical morning eat it Mark the means I'm gonna choose you the biggest butt. I got you sunny 17 maybe It looks like if you move over to this section of the buffet line it gets to kind of like the hot dog a thing There's oil like your awesome place like Those do you have iso monop Thank you Oh, yeah, oh, you put barbecue sauce. Okay, put barbecue all over the whole thing. We have our skewers here time to go grill Really This is gonna be our private grill. I mean all the grilled that kind of shared with your neighbors and whoever's around you by now is getting What a caracene or something That's what we have this Blame it while we're here. She is wild and she's absolutely stoked that we're here And She can only food ranger Mike Thank you so much. We can't wait to eat thank you so much And we have our food right here the thing is I think everything's basically cooked already so you can't really go wrong We put it on the fire. We're just trying to heat it up and maybe add a little char Should be hard for us to mess it up. Yeah, we're gonna only burn it. We could have made it We've been cooking for 30 seconds. It's a complete disaster. Oh, no never mind. We're definitely gonna Your cinematic footage caused us to burn so I know we're trying to get nice shots. We got to put some of these all the intestines Perfect. They're foaming up Turns out it's because the pork intestine are so fatty they were just dripping fat that started on fire The mark to control mark is quite the pit master here because this looks great Did you see the intestines here that is how just starting to perfectly caramelize that's what you want You don't want to burn them, but you just want that beautiful caramelized smokiness Actually used to have her about a year six months we sold Southay on the street in Bangkok really yeah, how many years ago was that 12 years ago I would be like what the fistfuls of them on the girl exactly like this how much money could you make in a day? I don't know it was for you can mom I was helping I was doing the grilling and then how much money do you make a day now? No, I'm just 45 dollars. Okay, so about the same as back then Okay, so we have all of our grilling here gotta say well done I'm a few charcoly. Yeah, that's what I mean actually. It's very well done. Yeah, it's very cooked. Where do we start? I think we should start a blood here. We're in the USA right now. I know you've had blood in like every country Have you had blood in the USA? Probably not I think not yeah come to think of it It might be the first time so I'm gonna give it a dip in vinegar I was a big walk I could probably take him to bite well I didn't realize the first time is they like seasoned the blood makes a little bit savory not like a crumbly texture Yeah, I'm like you're supposed to chicken or duck blood which is more soapy. Mm-hmm. It's more crumbly. Yeah We're trying to do more than you want. I'm not gonna try every single thing. What is speaking to you? You know it rains supreme of all the street food of the Philippines on skewers Mm-hmm, wonderful. What is inside every time I eat this I love it and I'm freaked out at the same time There's a little tremendous that squeezes out And every time I'm like what what is chicken eat? This is stuff you can't find in the mainstream grocery store here and it's so interesting because I went to a really famous place I make sausage near New Orleans Mm-hmm. Make and do a sausage and they make one with blood and it's really difficult for them to get Well, approval for the FDA to say like okay, you can collect blood in this way I will consider it a high-tenic the point is it's really hard for them to collect these type of more Otter unusual cuts in the US just because of all the laws around hell than hygiene. Yeah for here, but here's here's no problem That's good Here's your awesome and they really have prepared this before it even got to the grill I would say it's probably been boiled for an hour at least until there's that white piece of cartilage in the middle that just kind of snapped He's not really fatty anymore like that collagen. You kind of gelatinous This gelatinousness I couldn't have said it better myself actually. I couldn't even repeat what you just said in the chile You just do oh all right. Oh wait. I thought this was a carrot. Oh, yeah. That's a spicy carrot. I think we should try one more We're gonna try the first. Oh you try hard. I'm gonna try quick. Okay Mmm-hmm. I've never had this grill. I've never had this before. Yeah, it's just a Proud. I love hearts. Chicken hearts are such a great thing like little bouncy balls. They're so dense bouncy balls I found I will do it to this Oh, it's not a chili. That's a carrot. Oh yeah, it's a carrot Thumbs up or thumbs up? Yeah big thumbs up for me. I think if I live in LA, I'd people come visit me Absolutely, right in here. It's a great taste of the Philippines and like a street food style right here in Norway Like I was mentioning to you one of the great things about LA is just the fact that elsewhere in America You would find an ethnic cuisine with the same 15 dishes over in over again. You come to LA You find like specific dishes regional food regional food exactly. Mm-hmm. And that's what's so amazing. She's crushing. Yeah, so cool I think it's mostly because of her mceing but the food's good too Boom guys that is the end of the video you can go to Mark's channel and Mark wins on YouTube We also did an idea together Mark for joining me until next time Sure take care. That is it for this one guys. I will see you next time. All right Feel it. You know American food interesting. There is a lot there. Yeah, that's why one dollar skewers They're just like here have some intestine test and some more than test and bloody Just blood. Cook them up yourself. Blood is no Ah Never tried them for so I guess it might require a try eventually but Yeah, yeah, that's scary. That's a scary one. Yeah, scary one. There are definitely some scary ones to us The that's scary. I've seen us. I've seen good mythical morning. They've eaten park blood or like that It was kind of like looked like clay and their insurye action is oh Yeah, so So they don't give us like the greatest hope no, but they said it was good These guys that have traveled the world for years and years and years and eat lots of different exotic foods and us who have eaten Palanta that's our most exotic thing with eaten and we hated it Ha ha ha ha Anyways Thanks for watching everybody. Hopefully you enjoyed If you haven't been to the United States or you're not from the United States and you wanted to know what Filipino American food looked like there's a little taste. Is it like that Philippines? Is it not let us know in the comments and We'll see you in the next one. Bye Thank youおい