 How do you mark the Anpanon George? What? Okay! Let me read it. Let's read it out loud real quick. Alright guys welcome to a new video. Today we're going to go explore a little bit of a downtown seafood. We're going to take this guys to Carp Romarki and maybe Colón Street, Maggiela, the historic outside, basic tour around the area. Everyone is getting ready, packing their stuff and off we go. And then later on we're going to do a Q&A. Well first thing we're going to go get some food and explore tip of city. Yeah. Oh, it never goes take up. This is the beast. It's huge but it's great. I want to take mine off right now, just to compare it. Let's compare it. Oh my god. I don't know if it can hear me through it in my mouth. I don't even want to show mine. Yeah. Do not let it be a inert moment here with gadgets. I'm going to go to this as the gorilla. Oh that's the sun. Oh, gorilla private park. So when you take it off it's like a... It's just a tiny little stop. Wow. You're not going to do much damage with this bad boy. Lucy just pointed that I still have some leftovers from the sinnelook. Like there. Yeah. Same bandana. It was wild. And Nelly is just going to stay behind. Wow, we do some walking. Oh, this is good. We'll eat something for you. Yes, yes. Yes, yes. Bye. She will be joining us later at 7th for the street. Okay, she'll be there. Well, we're ready for taxi. I just want to ask them what is your first reaction of the sinnelook? How insane it was. The first experience. Absolutely crazy. That just insane. Absolutely. What makes us the most was that even though there was thousands of people in huge crowds, how friendly people still were, how gently were with each other, there was no fighting, no pushing. It was just a really, really nice outfit. Very messy. Mike, how's your smiling muscles from yesterday? They are very sore. I think I laughed and I smiled more than I had in years. Maybe even in my whole life. That's so much fun. Yeah, it's small. I don't look fat like this usually. And I have a cough and I don't think it did that good for me yesterday, but I wouldn't miss it with anything. You go. Car for markets. All right. 82 colonel streets. Then we're going to start off by getting a chicken in a cell. I want to ride. Would you wait? Yeah, I want to ride. Oh, okay. How long? It's fully booked. It's four of us. Guys, we're going to order here and in the cell, but it's fully booked. We love waiting in the line. We love waiting. We love waiting. 35 minutes. Okay, maybe not that much. So, order the hollow, hollow, piesta in the cell made. I want more for Bidam. Yes, I'm going to go. You go and hold your pillow. It's a big thing. You hold your culture. It's really cool. Thank you. Thank you. Do you guys have any idea where you're right now? No. So, this is like the most holy place here in Philippines. Majella Cross is there. And it's said that in your churches over there also. The rain started baking up. So, we're running to shelter. We're going to get a coffee at 7 and 11. No coffee here. What do you got here? Well, we have over there, guys. Is that building? Yeah. That's the cross. And it's so cool to be here because the sandola cross was yesterday. And now we're here at the holy spot. They still have some masses inside. That's why the street was closed. But we'll go inside there and take a look. This is the cross. Majella Cross. What's your name? It's all the way for Las Vegas. We're here for the Siddela. Just showing the guys around here for a little bit. It breaks out a lot of memories here. I came here last time with my friend Daniel Marsh. We had our moment with our mom. We had our mom's sweet, full-fast away. So people come here and they light a candle. It's a nice place. It's very common. Very good. I don't know. It's like a different wife's when you get here. Yeah, it's good feeling. There's no easy task to navigate around. Carp marked. We're not even there yet. But it's busy. And it's a good. Wow. You guys know that one? Oh yeah. I've tried it. That is a massive ejector. It's really good. The finished carp marked. We're going to go to Ayahla. Get a cup of coffee. Reenergize. We'll put ice on her head. We're going to go to Ayahla. We're going to go to Ayahla. We're going to put ice on her head. I'm not going to remove it. I'm going to like it. It's going to be a wrap for you. Take the effect. The bike is special. We have the same bike. It's not man. Take care. I like this driver. What's your name? Carlo. Are you from Colón? No. I like Colón. Why? Because it's old school. It's dangerous here. Why is your leg not dirty? I don't know. You are running. You are running through the puddles. I do run all the time. Don't walk differently. That's why I look at his feet. His foot extends far to the back and then it lifts up. Everybody walk by himself. Wow. Hello. Hello. Hello. Oh, hello. Okay. They changed the plan. The other group went to a car park to get some street food. But with my sickness lady, I think that's a good idea. So I'm just going to meet them back home. It's raining. But I want to take a habal habal. Because it's way quicker and the taxi line is huge. We are going to do that anyway. Hello. Hello. Hello. I need to practice my pizzaya. I don't understand exactly what it's like. I made it back home. And take it out for us. Send a question on Instagram. If you're not following us, you really should. That's where you can get all the up-to-date kind of life feed from all of us. So if what's happening in our lives at the right moment. Take it for the questions. That's a lot of questions. Wow. It will take hours to respond. I think we should just scroll up and say what? Yeah, what? Blindfold it. Okay. Are you single? I guess where I get it. Heart is placed to get the paint out of. Oh, that's probably from Sinnerle. That's a good question. Heart is placed. Hey, do I still have fun? No, it's not. No, it's gone. For me, the heart is placed for my beard. I took a lot of scrubbing. For me, it was actually my neck. I got out the shower, was drawing myself, looked in the mirror, that was still all around the back of my neck. I was a chief because there was a thick layer of just a scrubbing. That's where most people aimed for, isn't it? A slap. Which festival would we go to next? So, okay. I don't know if you guys have revealed it yet, but these guys are going somewhere tomorrow. Yeah, we can say. Okay. It's in Ilou, Ilou. We are off that tomorrow. We're very, very excited. Well, we're off to Ilou, Ilou tomorrow. The festival is tomorrow. Next week. No, yes. I'm so confused. I don't know how a pan yet. We're going to that little pin-night. It's in Ilou, Ilou, give it to us. And the next weekend is going to be the festival. They're going there. I'm not going because I have some stuff to laugh. Sorry. I have stuff to take care of here in Sibu. But I, of course, I would love to. Okay, I'm going to direct this question to these guys. It's from La Prankoa. What lesson that you learned in traveling around Philippines that you want to teach to Filipinos? Oh, wow. Because normally, you can learn so much from Filipinos, but this one is directly against to us. That's really interesting. We get a lot of messages from Filipinos that say, wow, you guys have actually traveled the country more than we have. More than I have. You've been to all these places or maybe places that they haven't been to since they were kids. You've done that. So I'm just, it's hard to give a, you almost feel bad giving advice to someone in their own country. Yeah. Because you're going to learn so much from them. Yeah, exactly. I think the one advice, and that doesn't just go for Filipinos. It's in general, but I know it's in the Philippines a lot. A lot of people travel with a lot of luggage. Yeah. Just to travel lightly, I guess. It used to be a problem that I had. I used to bring too many things, but more and more. The more often you travel, the more you go through the burden of packing, unpacking, checking in, getting your luggage. You realize that you actually need far less clothes and far less cosmetics. Then you actually drag around with you. Yeah. And in my case, that is a great realization because now my bag is just full of camera gear. And this is why Mike wears the same shirt and every go- It's been a while since 2004. Here's a question from Jasmine Reinas. It's good to take one single question. She asks, what are your tips for the people who want to go to the single look for the first time? Where's the thing you don't care about? Yeah, that's number one. And just be open, I think, to the culture. Nelly said it herf, people get paranoid and are all recruited area. But it's safe and no one is drinking. And just embrace it, fill it in a culture. That's what I would say. This is what amazed us the most. How crowded it was, how busy it was, how people were so energetic. They're still friendly, still caring towards each other, they're gentle. Speak yourself. No, we got a lot of fun. The might've been such a adrenaline rush there, we wouldn't feel this slap. Yeah, we don't remember any slap. No, we don't remember some slap. I know who it was. Oh yeah, if you bring camera gear. Yes. Oh, the electrical process. Go for it, it actually comes. And drink a lot of water because you will be so high energy, you just need to hydrate to keep up with the energy that you give. This one is from Ellen Christine, how did I meet the GCN making it? This is a really, really cool thing actually. So we were vlogging in the Philippines and a load of our viewers, our audience were commenting on our videos saying you guys need to meet up with Nelly and Mike for making it happen. We could get MDMs on Instagram. And at the same time, you guys are getting messages. Right, the same exact thing. So then we sent a message to Mike's account on our GCN blog account. So whilst we were waiting for a reply there, we actually received a message from Nelly saying that we sent it up. So these messages crossed over on different accounts. Yeah. And then when we replied we realised we both sent a message, if that makes sense. So it's just like a great thing that we met up in Boracay, had a coffee. And we were at the same place at the same exact time, which was also like such a coincidence that that really, that overlap. So the Borac I think you already had book tickets to go there. Exactly. We just coincidentally had the same thing at the same time. Yeah, we had never met or had a each other before that point. Yeah, and then after a quick coffee we were like, e-frame January. And also the same thing happened with Finn, you guys, you should definitely get with Finn. From the start, I think from the first Filipino blog we uploaded it. We need to try and get in contact with Finn. So I comment on that also that I do get those questions quite often. But I also like to choose the people that I like to hang out around with. And by watching these guys from the get go when they arrive in the Philippines, I got a good vibe. So I could tell that hanging out with these guys is going to be a lot of fun. So I reach out also to them and ask them if they want to join for the season. Thank you for connecting us. How do you mark any Anpanon George? What? Okay, let me read it. Let's read it out loud. Lucy is 22. How old are you, Mike? Nelly and Banana George? What? That is me. You're talking about even me. I think I think that's the end of it. To George the monkey and the jungle. Oh! Oh, it's time to sign the sign. Okay. Actually, a taste is a very Filipino thing to do. Really? To do something like this. Wow. Okay, well on 25. That's a good one. Banana George is 25. Banana. That is hilarious. 35. So the interesting thing is the difference between Lucy and Nelly is 10 years and the difference between George and I is 10 years. So strange. And the difference between you guys is the same like this is between us guys. So I already, yeah, coincident. It's exactly the same thing. Marie Vera, she asks as a foreigner, what are the three things you have in common as far as what you love about the Philippines? Three things in common. That we have in common? Yeah, yeah. I think the main thing we all agree on is that the people are amazing. Yeah, yeah. You feel like you're part of the family. Everybody will just invite you and help you out. And a sign for me if I like a cultural place is if people acknowledge you, even if you don't have any, they are in contact with them. So just eye contact in the Philippines will initiate some sort of nod or smile or just some gesture that says, I saw you. Yeah, and I just, I just love that because you don't have that everywhere in the world. And in the Philippines, it's very apparent. Everybody is so helpful and so supportive and positive. Yeah. If you ask somebody a question in the Philippines like asking for directions, they make it their purpose in that moment to help you out. We will do that. Even if they give you a wrong information. Yeah. Is that three words? Oh, they were like a few things. Well, of course, the beauty of the country is very diverse. Nature. Yeah, I like my culture. The beaches. Have we mentioned Luton? No. Luton, the food, everything. Okay, we'll just do one more question and we do, I do get this question sometimes and you know, instead of answering it, I always just say why ask that question or I just show the opposite. And the question is, as a foreigner, what is the worst experience you had in the Philippines? Personally, I haven't had many but you guys really want to hear my worst experience. It is just getting sick. That's mine. Yeah. Like, it's very dangerous what you eat to if your body is not prepared for it. Like my immune system is pathetic. I guess that's the worst part. So that's my worst experience in the Philippines and you know, it might be interesting to hear that from other people. So if you have any, go ahead. I've only been, I haven't been sick at all actually in Philippines. I've literally got me into any bad experience. We've genuinely had very, very good experiences all around. So we've had one bad experience which is not really to be attributed to the Philippines but it was just one bad experience. We traveled from Toronto to Nido on a boat and it was a very long boat ride like five or six hours and it was very wavy and a lot of people started vomiting and there was just no way out. We just had to stick it through like two hours and everybody was just letting it all out. And we were just sat there and it just had to smell and the scent of everybody and children were crying. It's got nothing to do with the Philippines but we're experiencing it. Here are those answers. What does that tell us? Yeah, that's the true. If they're the worst experience, you know, what's the whole thing? It's the timing. I would say it's part of the travelling. Definitely. It's not specifically. No, there is some extreme weather in the Philippines so we've had Ferries cancelled, boats cancelled that, white cancelled that type of thing. Really easy with that. Yeah, it's very flexible. And there are of course some things you can talk and complain about. Like what? They look terminal free. The wifi. Yeah. But if you just look at it with the open mind, just take it in and make it a part of your adventure and embrace it and turn the negative into positive with that mindset. You'll just have a good time all around in the Philippines. Definitely. Okay, so thank you guys for watching. Subscribe to these guys. I think Mike and Elliot pretty close to 100k so please go over there. Subscribe to these guys of course if you haven't already. Maybe link the Instagrams down below. Thank you for the questions. Go follow us on Instagram. It's going to be live updates all day, every day. Thank you guys for watching. Until next time, peace out.