 Ich ni san japan it's mana and I'm mr. Hentai Yay Welcome to one day to be Japan. I'm mr. Hentai. It's okay Today I prepared your alcohol You don't eat alcohol? Usually I don't drink alcohol but today it's a special day because I'm here Thank you. I know you really like drinking alcohol right and I have never drink Kudipina alcohol before and I am so interested in Kudipina alcohol and it's nighttime so today we're gonna try to Kudipina alcohol Yay Before watching this video please subscribe our channel I'm now going to our Instagram Let's go We have a 1 2 3 4 5 Oh And I also prepared Pre-pig of snacks Oh yes yes Yay Tintin Van Van It's so snacks are my favorite money so let's drinking alcohol and eating pre-pig of snacks Recently we cannot go to the pre-pig right now because It's so timeless It's so sad but we can feel like pre-pig of style right So let's go So first one how about this one? Leho Yeah The color is so big Is it beer? Yes beer Eight Eight So high Right usually in Japan we have like I put it here this one This one is Japanese alcohol The percentage of alcohol is only three And if I have a chance to drink alcohol I always pick up this one because this one is already three percent of alcohol And it's not strong But this one is eight so like three times Three times? Right Yeah And Japan's beer is about one percent A little bit So like a strong beer Wow it's so awesome Okay let's try it Hey It smells so beer of course Yes it is beer Oh this sound Cheers It smells so sane Yeah So comfortable Moooooo Scary I think Japanese beer is more like Midae Yes yes yes yes Pitta But this one is a bit of a like water taste Midae today so even if gar Garou can drink this one Because so many Japanese girls Don't like Japanese beer because it's so bitter Yeah but high-toe tangerine Yeah I know Like a motor It's It's a plastic Is it good? Oh it's good Oh it's good So we should give the squad to them Okay One, two, three, four Yay The taste is so right taste So even in garou can drink And this one is eight percent So like even drink little bit We can like high-tay show And if like I'm going to party We should prepare this one It's more fun I think We like it Next one Which one do you want to eat? Mmm Right Right? Okay So many percent taste 3.6 All right This one I like one Let's go All right More Oh Eh? I like it Cheers Cheers Come by Light Ah, it's so hot I feel like What? Yeah I feel like Pop water I feel like so Water So water Oh yeah So water We prepared Because it's not gonna be this one It's like We never get one It's a prize Oh I have to see I have to You can try it This is my favorite Oh, it's so delicious Mouselome It's good combination Like You can eat it on Pretty be on Snacks are like a western style I mean like Soky So frayback So it makes us like We want to drink alcohol Really Good combination Hmm Me No, it's so shit I highly recommended This one If people cannot drink alcohol You can try This one first And then like step up Step by step Okay, how many? What? One, two, three, five Two Why? Because I love beer I love your taste So this beer Not enough for you Yes I think our style Opus is fine So if you are really like Drink alcohol You can follow him And then You don't drink alcohol so much You can follow me Yeah Next one is Original one Hmm Ah, strong Like it's like a little Really like Japanese beer Yeah, say it, say I'm going to get it I'm going to get it Whoa So, so, so, so So Yes I want to try one Yes, yes, yes Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah I know My dad always Like after walking My dad will say like Oh, like Yes, yes, yes, yes I can feel like Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah It's okay Why? To be that this smells so strong Yeah How many alcohols Why? That's why Like a person Pige and a smell Also same Two Japanese one Right? Six Wow It's so strong for me No Okay, how many Squared One, two, three Three, point five, two Wow I know this case Like good But for me It's so strong So strong It's so strong So strong So strong So strong I'm sure my dad really like this one Because my dad really like Japanese beer If he drank this one He must say like five stars Yeah, yeah, yeah Time, money, it's for girls It's awesome I love it, please I'm really I'm so curious how about Filipino Please comment down below Okay This one is Premium Package is also good for your car Yes I feel like so expensive beer Oh I'm so strong Nice Oh As regarding smelling This one is more strong Yes This one Yes So I think This, this, this It's so premium So I think it's more stronger I don't know The taste So let's try it Cut it Oh So right Oh, dad I feel like this car Oh I feel like my seat Oh Is so scary but I see Ginger Only Strong No Light Little bit little bit warmer I woke up by calling Vincent Frank Frank Frank Okay We should Lie 1, 2, 3, 4 I really like like this So yeah it's good But I cannot recognize the premium part So Okay So, yeah actually I have this one eh? Is this beer? No, it's gin gin? The alcohol percent is 37 I sure Why? It's like a sign It's a lie 4 5 The stuff say You can drink alcohol this one With a like a You can mix Coke or like a juice or something like that So today I don't have confidence to drink it I can make it the special Mana special alcohol Oh, is it okay? Thank you Mana I have my favorite snacks What? This one The texture is so good They have so many kind of flavor But this one is Ration Fraver Natural Natural Yeah Mana What? What do you think? Name? Boy Boy can drink alcohol No No Boy It's good enough So good Boy Creeping boy So good What does it mean? I like boys Yeah Delicious Delicious Okay Oh Mana special Yes It's so skilly This is first time to see High percent of alcohol Wow This is boss Boss Open Boy Boss is here You should like this male Whoa Yeah It's really like sanitizer And a bottle And a sanitizer Right? I don't know Okay Okay No For me, this one is my favorite Japanese alcohol Okay Okay And then Mana Okay Mana Okay My is your favorite This one is my favorite Mana, Mana Okay Okay Okay Yes Finish No No finish Mana special Oh, your special And the sanitizer is making Japan Mix Mana special Okay Okay, okay I tell you You can just do this Okay Okay Okay Okay Can I try? Okay, come on Hey, it's good It's good After I said I feel like alcohol Really dangerous alcohol I am dangerous Oh, so hot I feel like so hot You should be hot Boy Boy Don't know How was it? Thank you So happy Oh, yes For me And so happy today Because it's very fast Time to drink alcohol Of three things I'm very, very beer today Which is this one And I'm so happy If I have opportunity to drink alcohol with friends I should order this one In the Philippines there are so many kinds of things If people don't like drinking alcohol You can drink this one But if they like drinking alcohol You can drink this one You want this one So there are so many options In the Philippines But the PK pod We have rules So we have to follow the countries Okay Thank you for watching If you like this video please subscribe And follow our Instagram See you on the next video Bye bye Wow Bye bye