 In this video, what you think about the foreigners in the Philippines, in all aspects, you can be honest. I believe that foreigners are very much welcome. I already dated one. Okay. And I am also looking forward to it. It's so happy to see that they're happy in our country. It makes our country more diverse. Prepare more money. To have more fun. Let's go straight to the video. What's your name? Theo. I'm doing good so far. Okay, that's me. I'm doing a mess. I'm doing great. As you guys, I mean, as you can see, just in here, super duper hot, but I love the vibe in here. We're here in BGC. And the question of the day is, what do you think about the foreigners in the Philippines, in all aspects? You can be honest. That's a really tough question, but economically speaking, I can really say that they have a big impact here in the Philippines, most especially if, I mean, yes, economically. In general, I can really say that they are really approachable in so many aspects. Am I approachable? Yes. I can really say that. And also, we get to share a lot of different things from our culture and from yours as well. So I can really say that it's a good thing. It's a good thing. Do you have like a foreigner friend? Yes, I have lots as well. Okay. I mean, how is your Sunday, by the way? Oh, it's fine. We're actually doing our finals here, photography. That's why we're looking. You look beautiful. You guys look amazing. I like the outfit. So the question of the day is, how do you guys see the foreigners here in the Philippines? The foreigners are cool and it's so happy to see that they're happy in our country. The Philippines? Yeah, because it's more fun in the Philippines. Exactly, guys. It's more fun in the Philippines. What about you, like, give us, I mean, your pin as well? I see foreigners, like, also, I like Filipinos because they are here in the Philippines, but we just give them a more hospitable approach to make them feel welcome here in their country. And, guys, I got someone next to you. He will be telling us, you guys already know the question. He doesn't know yet. How is your day so far? It's been good. I actually did a lot of things today, so I'm very happy that I got to do a lot of things, finish my finish shopping and all those things, all those stuff. Forgot to ask you what's your name? It's Vaughan. I think from the economic standpoint, first so well, from the economic standpoint, I believe that foreigners are very much welcome in the Philippines. And I know that foreigners will help us boost our economy. In terms of tourism, I believe that the Philippines has a lot to offer and there is a lot to discover. And I think that the Filipinos are very much welcoming with many foreigners. And I don't see a lot of any problem with that at all, actually. What's your name? Ronald. Ronald. How is the day? The day is good. Okay, I know you're training. I want to take that much of your time. I just like, can you tell us how do you see foreigners in the Philippines? With a lot of foreigners coming to the Philippines, how does it help the country? Yeah, actually, if you visit the foreigner a lot in the Philippines, that one is a very good thing for the Philippines. Because the more to come the foreigner in the Philippines, the more income in the Philippines. There are a lot of Filipinos. You see a lot of foreigners here in the Philippines to become happy. A lot of the Filipinos also. Of course. That's a good thing for the economy in the Philippines. Okay, guys, have you a group of people? What's your name? Jello. Russell. Louis. L.J. How was work? It was good. It was fine. Kind of chill. Okay. It was great. One and enjoy. Okay. Okay, so the question of the day is, why do you guys think about the foreigners in the Philippines? I'll just be here in the middle so that I can just, yeah, what do you guys think about the foreigners here in the Philippines? Let me start here. It makes our country more diverse, exchanging cultures, foods and what not. I should go here first. Just excited. Okay. What's your question again? What's my name? I'm just my thing. Okay. What do you think about the foreigners in the Philippines? What are foreigners? I hand some. Okay. What about you? What about you? They can be the ambassador and all this one. Okay. What about you? I think foreigners are very helpful to our three-seem industry. Because they love to tour here and then they help us to become more popular. Have you ever dated the foreigner before? I already dated one. Okay. And I am also looking forward to, of course, explore more of, yes, more culture or more of the kind of living that they have as well. I mean, how was it comparing to the Filipino dating? It's really challenging at first, but when you get to know more, you know, character, characteristics and information from them, you'll be able to adjust as well. And I can really say it's good. Would you advise, probably, like, out of the Philippines that are watching us in the future if they kind of like consider dating or foreigner, will you advise them to go for it? In my experience, it's good, but, of course, it's always on you. Yeah. It's always on you. Okay. Have you ever dated the foreigner? I tried, but it didn't work. Why didn't work? I think, first and foremost, I think cultural differences, it's hard to find balance between these two different cultures, with different cultures, having different cultures. And I think also one factor would be, another factor would be time zone. Oh, yeah. In the long run, you consider, again, dating or foreigner, in the long run? I'm not closing doors. Yeah. Of course, of course. I'm not closing. I mean, I'm open. As long as I don't actually look at the person based on how they look, the race and the rage, but basically how they treat people and their character in general. So, yeah. Wow. I really appreciate it for your answer. Thank you so much for your time. And, guys, he just shed his experience and he was super looped by honest. I can look by his eye. So, see you guys when we have the next person. Let's go. Sorry to ask you. I know this is a personal question. Are you married? I'm still single. You're still single. Would you consider probably in the future dating or foreigner? Yeah, it's possible, sir, because the good thing for, about the good thing for the, if you have what date, the different country, it's good for us. Because, you know, I'm lucky if I find foreigner. Yeah. Okay. So, what advice would you give to? I'd like to work. It's working. I'd advise would you give to foreigner that wants to move to the Philippines? Any advice before moving to the Philippines? Any advice before moving to the Philippines? Prepare yourselves because it's hot here. Yeah. It's humid. And it's more traffic, yeah. Okay. It's too humid and traffic. Okay. Prepare more money to have more fun. Okay. Because it's more fun in the Philippines. Yeah, more money, more fun in the Philippines. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you guys for coming. I hope you guys want to go home because you guys just live work. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Okay. Thank you. Okay, guys. See you. What's your name? I'm Dary. And how is the day? Okay. I can see you jogging your train. Very good. Part of our company initiative about sustainability. Hi, Tom. Okay. Okay. So, I won't take that much of your time. Okay. The question of the day, how do you see foreigners in the Philippines? Good. Good for our country. You mean okay. Of course, when they visit our country, it's our pride. And it's our privilege of course. Yeah. Okay. Do you have like foreigners friend? No. You don't have. Good. Okay. No, you have one. Yeah, yeah. We can be friends. Okay. Have you ever experienced probably like, have you ever dated a foreigner? Or are you open to date a foreigner? I'm open to date a foreigner. Yeah. Okay. So, okay. Once again, thank you so much and I really appreciate it. Don't forget. Now we friends. Now if someone asks you if you have a foreigner friend, you just say yeah. Come on, guys. Okay. Thank you so much and I appreciate it. Any advice you would give to a foreigner that wants to come to the Philippines? Yeah. Actually, all of the foreigners to come visit in the Philippines. It's the good things because for us here in the Philippines, it's very safe. Of course. A lot of Filipinos invite the foreigner to come in the Philippines because there's a lot of the tourist spots. Actually, here in the Makati, this is the capital of the city in the Philippines. Yeah. Of course. In the Philippines, there's a lot of beautiful girls. Okay. You guys heard it. There's a lot of girls. There's a lot of, I mean, tourist spots that you guys can go and check. As you guys know, the Philippines, I mean, it has a lot of island. Thank you so much and I appreciate for your time. I really enjoy. Thank you so much for your answer. Okay, guys. See you guys. Thank you so much for being part of this amazing video. Thank you so much for watching as well. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't subscribed to the channel yet. And if there is any specific topic that you want to see on the video, let me know as well because I still have a lot of foreigners and a lot of Filipino to interview in this amazing channel. See you guys on the next video. Let's go. Yes, yes. He's my friend Calvin's subscriber too. My best friend. No, I'm okay. Go Calvin. Okay, guys. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Subscribe to CalvinCascio. Just subscribe to CalvinCascio. Yeah. That is YouTube channel. Yeah, that's right. And don't forget to share with the whole barangay. Let's go.