 Kamu staka proud? Today's video episode series ay tatala ka in natin ang patuloy na pagsigat ng Philippine Food. Hindi lamang sa Philippinas kundi sa buong mundo. Sa video na ito uunahin natin pag-usapan ang ultimate pulutan na masarap ni ulam ang sisig. Pinoy sisig! Yand po ang winning entry ang isang Pinoy Chef sa isang cooking show sa New York City. Sa video na ito ang isang ang isang ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang isang pinoy ang is It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its component and constituent ingredients. It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its component and constituent ingredients. It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its component and constituent ingredients. It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its component and constituent ingredients. It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its component and constituent ingredients. It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its component and constituent ingredients. It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its component and constituent ingredients. It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its component and constituent ingredients. It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its component and constituent ingredients. It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its component and constituent ingredients. It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its component and constituent ingredients. It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its components and constituent ingredients. It's a great notion of this rich cuisine with all of its component and constituent ingredients. competition. Bagotay umag patuloy. Maraming salamat sa yung pod-subscribe sa ating channel para updated, gasi ating mga kapraud Filipino video moments. I like CC very very much, that's perfect beer drink and food. Love it. There's a lot of CC restaurants here, but here's one is the best. This is really really good. In the Philippines, they put a lot of effort in the face of the American celebrity chef Nasi Anthony Bourdain ay ang CC. He's a hito sa mga feature food sa kanyang parts unknown documentary series ngung nagpuntaito sa Filipinas. About CC. Hot, sizzling pig face with a runny egg on top and ditching better at somebody because nothing is getting in between me and this spicy chewy fatty goods. At Marami pangang mga kuking o food show segment sa ang nagfeature sa ating ultimate comfort food na CC. Panu-urin natin ng ilan sa mga reaction ng mga banyaga ng kanilang matikman ang CC mga kapraud. Wow, we're mga kubi complex. There's a lot of lime in there because even though you're talking about a lot of pork fat in several forms, that lime just cuts it. There's some spice from the jalapenyo. The crunch from the chiturong really just adds to the flavor experience. How is it? It's so good. I'm so flavorful and you can taste like that sourness that I was speaking of as well. And still sizzling hot because it just came out of the pan. It's always delicious. To use it as a platform to give our country some identity, which is fantastic. Kama kailan na ay ivinidedin ng ating kababayan chef ang CC sa food network cooking competition at shop. Atanupangaba edipanalo ang CC at ang ating kabayan. Denovan had such an amazing appetizer. Maybe the best dish of the entire competition. Conting kailaman, alam muba ang pinagmulan nag ating kaburitong CC. Den came alang losing. A Filipino barbecue owner from Pambangga. Nung minsan daw shang nag-i-i-how na su-nong ang ini-i-how ng tengan ng babo. Para hindi to masayang, tina-tagnya ito at tinimplahanalang ng sukang tubo, toyo si buyas, pamin-taat sile. Ikaw ka proud. Anong favorit si Sig version mo at talagang hindi ka ma-pipigilang magmokbang kapag nakahay na. Good? Ya? Very good. Tuna wak wak wak wak, try the nice eh. Diba na pangkranchipan ng iskina, no? Mmm. Eh? Will her go? Isasa sa mga dahila nagpag-sikat ng CC sa America ay ang food truck na senior CC. Si deadpool ng naman ng bumibisita sa kanilang food truck mga kapraud. And it says, please, one chimichonger per guest. I disagree with that, I think they can have as many as they damn up. Look for food truck. Now, I hear these guys ya doing a cross between Filipino and Latin American cuisine. You never know where they're gonna be so you gotta check them out on their website. And I found them. This is senior CC. Wow. At pork. There's so much flavor. Salty spicy goodness. Yeah. I've had a lot of food on our tacos, not one with that much meat in it. This is something that people can talk about. It gets the word of mouth going, you know, yeah, senior CC, they're a great food truck. But also, they have decent and menu items. So it makes them feel good. It makes us feel good to give them some of the special as well. Mula sa humble bagginings ay sobrang pamoso ng ang senior CC mga kapraud. Names Evan Kidera, and I'm the general manager of senior CC. My name is Gil Piyumo, I'm the chef of senior CC. Senior CC has found its first ever brick and mortar home after 10 years of serving out of food truck. It's not that they don't have any food that they can eat in a different way. They have their own pandemic that they can eat in a different way than senior CC. They have their own food that they can eat in a different way than they can eat in a different way. I'm also a good senior CC. By providing these meals, we're able to give our employees work and feed those in need at the same time. It's a win-win. At Mulanganong December 2003, itauntaun ng pinagdiri wang ang CC festival kong saanak simula ang CC sa ang helis pampanga. Ibnibida dito ang ibat ibang kutahin ang CC at paggalingan sa pagluto ng ating ultimate favorite. Hindi nga lamang sa Pilipinas mai CC festival, dahil nito lamang 2021 ay pinag diwang ang kaunaw na unahan ang CC festival sa estados unidos sa pangungunan ang ating mga proud kababayan. Mas pinasarab at dinaraming meaty pork jongst, at my crunchy teacher on par. Tunaing ang nakakatuwan ang makita ang patuluinapag-sikat at pagkakaruon ang identity ng ating mga Pilipino food pagdating sa ibang bansa. Salamat sa ating mga kababayan nabung kusumpinalalaganap at ibnabahagi ang ating napakaya mang kultura lalo na pagdating sa kusina. Pagumpainaman sa pagpapain press si Dennyven ang kanyang CC dish tinawag na best dish na naluto sa show sa binamang judge. Anong Pilipino food ba ang hindi pa napapan sin at sa tingin mo ay dapat mabedyan ng paggakataon at ibatikim sa mga banyaga at makilala nadinitokatulad ng adobo. Sinigang at CC. Comment at pagusapan natin yung mga kabraud. It's exactly what you need after a few beers and that's a perfect food. Maraming salamat sa panunuod, light muna din para masayatayong lahat kabraud. Kitakita uli tayo sa susunod na video episode ng proud Pilipino moments. Hanggang semuli pa.