 Hi guys, welcome back to another juicy react. Yes, thanks so much for clicking on the videos day. I now have dedicated George Lighting. Yes, he's a blinding, I'm sorry. I'm a loosely lighting here. It's extraordinary. But now we're well lit. So welcome back to the channel, guys. Hope you're all doing well. Today we have a Christmas themed video before we get into that. We want to let you know that if you want to send us anything to react to, please send us a message on Instagram, our handles are linked below. That's where we get all our reaction requests from. Yes, and if you want to subscribe to the channel, I mean a lot to us. And we also have our other channel called the juicy vlog. Yes. I feel free to subscribe to that. We do. That's linked below. If you like daily vlogs, more of us, more food videos, travel, everything is on our other main YouTube channel with the juicy vlog. We also went to find Christmas in the morning the other day on the channel. That was a fun video. Maybe you'll go and check that out. You haven't seen it already. So this is the mind-blowing truth. Have lost it. Why Filipino Christmas lights in September? So today is the fourth of September. And... Before it lays in already. It's even very Christmas, guys. A Filipino Christmas is well underway. So we're now going to find out why. I mean, I actually don't know why. I don't know why we've never looked this up before. I don't know. That's true. I don't actually know why. And I'm ready for my mind-to-be-be-be. We know that it is a long Christmas season here, but we've never really known why. Okay, let's find out. Three, two, one. Ah, Christmas music. The Buhay are in the Bambangan, Louis, Kaya. Today's question comes from one of my own students at UC Davis. Leo from Stockton, California asked, who you're going to be? Why do Filipino celebrate Christmas so early? For those who may not know, Christmas season in the past... Let me hand start this September. As soon as September 1st, you'll start hearing Christmas music being played on the radio at the markets in the shopping malls, especially Jose Maria Chan's classic Christmas in our hearts. Yes. Ah. That's the whole song. The whole song, six minutes. As early as September, Filipino family will start putting off their Christmas decorations, which is weird for non-Filippinos, and for many Filipinos ourselves, especially in the diaspora. So why do Filipinos start celebrating Christmas as early as September? The most common and simple answer to this question is that September is the first among the bear months. September, October, November, December, the bear months. September being the beginning of the holiday season. Many would also say that we, as people, we love to count down traditionally. We count down to something big. In this case, a huge celebration of Christmas. It's a long countdown. And you're so happy. So happy you're counting down. I love it. Or 100 days before Christmas. Oh, 16. Okay. So that they can sell more. Interesting. Yeah, it makes sense. That's what they say about Valentine's Day. And it's a long period. Yeah. Starting our holiday celebrations in September, actually has a much deeper indigenous roots. Okay. The western lot of September coincides with the coming of a mian, the north wind. Which for our ancestors marks the beginning of the festive season of the bird and rebuilding. It marks the end of the typhoon season. Hand a time to build a new board. Oh, I'm not interested. It's a really beautiful Bible of the bird, the sacred bird, tarat. Tarat are these migratory birds that comes and eats up all the locusts and all the pests, plaguing the fields. The saving de October rice harvest for the rest of the year. Not interesting. Why? Always these deeper reasons for this. It is also only during the season that many of our traditional holiday food are grown and harvested, such as piruton or this red-upland rice stickier rice that we use in our putabumbo. Or the stingy locust rice that we have in here. Yeah. I mean a sin and things like that. We need to try some of these Christmas foods. It can only be grown and harvested during this festive season. They're right now. So yes, many of our traditions, modern traditions that we associated with Christianity, including food, can actually trace its roots back, way back from our pre-colonial past. And when our people converted to Christianity, many of these traditions actually survive and adapt it along with our culture. For example, the arrival of the sacred bird d'arrad coincides with the Catholic feast of St. Nicholas of Tolentino, or in Capampanga in the fiesta of Apunculas. So long before Christianity was introduced to our people, long before the first Catholic cross was planted onto our islands, the season of the North Wind, or Amian, or Integalog Amihan from September to February, or sometimes from October to March, had long been a season for our people. There's a lot of information there. I'm trying to start a constant train. We try to rebuild and to be reborn, a time to reconnect and revive. It is also worth noting that the diverse people of the Philippines we love to celebrate. We ask people to find many ways and really... That's what I thought it was more. Just people love celebrating and stuff. So why not start early? Life as much as we can. So what about you? How does your family celebrate the holidays? Let me know in the comments. Okay, we can talk quick. Sorry, video's over there. We can talk quickly about the British way. Yeah. Which is interesting. I'm kind of spoke about this on our vlog, but... When we told our family that the Philippines was starting Christmas in September, a lot of them were really, really shocked. They were like, what? Really like? That's okay. In the UK, genuinely, if you have your Christmas tree up, or you play your Christmas songs before December 1st, it's like... It's shocking. I used to work at a radio station, and I think there was like a policy. No Christmas songs between... I think it was before the mid-Lug November. Yeah, that sounds about right. Why not? No, and even hearing them in November, it's like what? November's weird. September 1st. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised. People... And also in the UK, if you leave your Christmas tree up after like January 2nd or 3rd. 12 days after Christmas then. Yeah, then that's like what do you do with it? Crazy. If it's still up in the second week of January. You're a mad man. That is crazy business. Yeah. But that's so interesting. It is. Is there any more Christmas style videos you want us to react to? Let's do it. Now, we are doing some like Christmasy videos over on our main channel. The Future Girls as well. Yes, we have lots of ideas for videos coming up. Yeah, so do Christmas, and I guess the whole like celebration. I mean, learning about this is so interesting because I didn't know that it was such like an ancestral meaning behind it. Me neither. I thought it was more about just loving celebrating. I just thought it was a celebration. I love that. Like, why not? Why not? But it's about the North Wind, so I'm going to try and... I'm up, which is again, Nathan, just to try and remember. I know, there's a lot of things going on. Not so much information for me. I feel like I was trying to take it all in. We also filmed a video on our other channel. Keep talking about our other channels, though. But, head over there if you're interested. We filmed a video, things we've adopted living in the Philippines. Yes. That we didn't do before, basically, as British people. Yeah. And I think we didn't say this in the video, but we could definitely add this on if we ever did a part two. Yeah. It could be getting used to starting Christmas in September because we've been in Manila. Well, this is, we are third Christmas experience in the Philippines. The first Christmas period. The first time we came to the Philippines was October of 2018. And we went into a mall and there was a Christmas tree and we were like... What's going on? It happened here. This is crazy. It was really weird. So alien to us, but we're in the Philippines. Now we're totally interested. We love it. We both love Christmas. Anyway, we're gambling on, so we will end this video here. Thank you so much for watching. And we'll see you in the next video. Do you see it? I'm Suki and you're going to subscribe to the new and we'll see you next time. Bye. Bye guys. Bye.