 We're Hacking for Sunday! My boy! Stop it! Oh, I'm gonna get you! Oh, I'm gonna get you! Come and stop the braille, deal! Look, I'm ducking out! We're back at it again! We actin' too! Top 10 Philips Pino Singers Who went viral on the YouTube? Who went viral on the YouTube? On the YouTube? No. As we know, Philips Pino Singers aren't incredible. Yes, they are, right? So this should be good, alright? Hey, before we get to... Get talk. Before we get to this reaction, three things that we would love you to do. Number one, hit that like button. Number two, hit that subscribe button. And number three, hit that bell notification. And that's Philips. And that's Philips on our Instagram, the real-time D.O. TV. Soon, that more Kami Science Instagram. Alright, y'all, let's get right to it. Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! SP na jen? We'll mad you understand our sleep has never lp together we say meet you all the dogs p緊 sweetido clouds are hot, gong like me the fog gong now lle gongур Uno How is she playing right now? She takes sound. I am learning her. Oh. She's doing well. Welcome home. Yay. My favorite. Sometimes I lay between the moon. I think I highly blind everything. And the night breaks. Don't take my soul, because I am here for a reason. Sometimes I think that she's our job. Okay. So when negativity surrounds, I know someday it'll all turn around because all my life I'd be waiting for, I'll be grateful for the people to say that we don't want to find a more, there will be no more, and our children will play one day One day, one day, one day Sorry Who is that girl I need staring today? She's the same Is my reflection someone else? I need no more, sorry I'm not high enough No I do not When will my reflection show? Who am I now? Inside When will my reflection show? Who am I inside? Who am I now? So the only thing I can see is from the age of like stomach The age of stomach I don't get it, gotta be something Sorry I'm done with the album So when negativity surrounds, I know someday it'll all turn around because all my life I've been waiting for I've been waiting for for the people to say that we don't want to find a more, there will be no more children One day, one day, one day One day, one day, one day One day, one day, one day Yes Who is that? G時她笑蚊哩 Ast geral Rescue I don't remember What is this? Ast Repair Fee She is a man A I'm合想你 Hi Hi Hi Hi Hey So Can you I'm gonna sing no more I'm gonna sing no more I'm gonna sing no more Keep talking like some girls Hey! So I'm gonna sing you Thank you So I'm gonna sing you Because I'm gonna sing you No way! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! You're gonna Oh my god, I'm trying to stop Hey! You're a black man But I should have thought I'm human I'm a lover's Maybe the time I'm on my lips I'm on my lips I'm on my lips I'm on my lips I'm on my lips I'm on my lips I'm on my lips I'm on my lips And I'm just born The boy you two are just singing that whole note to your body But you're five on this play He's chilling singing it I was like Hey! Your voice is wanting some love I love it like The full flame Was all your love Oh god, I love it And you won my love It sounds great When they're playing your reach Wow, he's amazing I feel all like it That's real We're hunting for something My boy Stab it Somewhere on that beach Beach Some stars I am riding But I'm riding into love For the power of love It's happening today Oh, we're all out All the time that you're riding my parade Okay, yes All the glows you're getting Yours in my name Come on I think you broke my heart I've got broken my heart I think you're crying all my own And I didn't run a ride song Because I didn't want anyone thinking I see Kerry Donber He's still here My phone's up Let me out move it on And the thing can be something I don't want to hold back Maybe you should know With that, my mama don't like you And she likes everyone Come on And I never liked you And I met that I was wrong Yes! Oh, been sick, cut up in my jaw And see what's going on But no, I know Yeah! Don't be asleep and all my own Because if you lie The way you look there Much, maybe you should go And love yourself Come on! And if you think that I Still holding on Just something You should go love yourself Oh, I love you, too And still, you have to get your heart Hey, love, Rose I'm giving you love Oh, there's no one Please, Rose, please I can see the growth of the dawn But I come back to the world And never have a heart And I try And I take it And try to get a light And try to have fun And we go wings back To the place I go But we have not go And we go to the evening And see the light And the sky And see the colors And see the colors And see the colors And see the colors And see the colors And see Let me know If the darkness is just known Tell me how far Out of the blue I know it's a bridge But I'm young as I Let me see So I'm happy now Wow, that was it I was quick How was it? It was great Exceptional Exceptional! Yeah, they have to from the stomach a Variety of different styles different ages Like they start singing you know like when he's first see that there's a baby and it's like a little piece They they start singing when they Okay I'll start with me not gonna get taken with you. No, okay, I agree. Just great. I love him These singers and I bet all these kids going up on wish bus somewhere like yeah Carry out somebody said if he don't carry out I would love to go to the Philippines and like sit around these singles and just yeah Absorb it and take it on land We should play the trip we should we should play the contest We should play the contest around the OTB contest in the future. What do y'all think about that? I'm going down the line. They'll be dope. Let us know in the comments. All right Also, let us know what you've done about this reaction. Yeah, any reaction ideas that you have for us Also leave those down there in the comments alright. Thank you so much for watching today Hey be sure to like this video hit the subscribe button and definitely hit the notification I also follow son. I said I'm a real that DLT soon down mocha me science to grand. All right y'all take care. See you soon