 Future Friday. The freshest. Alright, this has been super, super requested and it's one of the cutest little thumbnails I have ever seen, okay? I haven't clicked on it, I don't know what this is about, I know this is a mole and she will be singing to us. She when this tab of it is get requested at this intensity, usually good. I can't believe it. I've got to get a new purse and shit. Yeah, I hope so. I wish you. Oh. I miss the mole so much like this, like it's so different. I don't know that they really do it, it seems they do it very similar in the Philippines to how they did it back home. Like shopping moles, that type of vibe. Oh my god, yes. I miss it so much when I look at this video from the Philippines. Oh, this is three? Yeah, this girl must be like two and a half dude. Oh my god, this is so cool. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. The moment I have to... That's actually pretty good. This is unbelievable. Obviously you have to put it into perspective of the age of the girl and it's just unreal. It's just the accuracy of the replication of the notes itself. That is so... And also you're talking about vocal dynamics. You're talking about heating, in rhythmicality. You're talking about finding notes, rooting notes and stuff like that. These are really complex principles in singing. That's why when they come out as this little mental technical singers. That's why... But I now understand when we watch for the first time, the TNT boys. They were like six, seven years old and we were like, how are they so vocally accurate? And why do they have so much range? And all of these unnatural questions. And then you see videos like this and you're like, ah, well, that explains a lot. Because this is a really... This level, it's really advanced for a six-year-old. Anywhere else in the world, right? And it might be five max. I don't effrarchy small. And she also has baby minorisms. Yeah, she's very young. I don't know how old she is, but regardless, even if she's six years old by some fucking miracle, it would be really damn high level. I think I'm gonna aim for four. Yes, I am. Efra, that's a baby. And she's actually hitting it. And what is she reading? She can't read. Yeah, that's right. She's reading. Mom, I am too. She's really just looking at the images of this ocean, you know? Yeah, I thought like, oh, that is super model girls. Yeah, what the fuck is she reading? She's running. And she's... She's reading. This is how I know it's emulation. Go back, go back. Yeah, now she's outstanding, mate. She's outstanding. She's so outstanding. That's so accurate. That is so accurate. Yeah. That is so... She's my favorite little girl. Like, that's unreal. You know what's funny as well? Yes, definitely emulation. Because she doesn't have to look up. It's just really funny how... I don't know, man. That she really touches your heart. It does. It's like the best encapsulation of what people are, babies, right? And kids have a really, really cool effect on people. It doesn't matter how angry you are, it doesn't matter how rough of a day is being. Videos like this or little kids, little people. They will always make you smile. It's true. They always spark that sort of side of compassion and inspiration. And it's so interesting. I don't know why kids do that shit. Because it's so pure, right? And a heart... God bless this little soul. I really send her all the blessings in the world. It's so beautiful because... She's damn popular as well. This has so many millions of views. Well, just think about from the wow factor of here. You're seeing somebody who actually, when the key change happens because of the flexibility of child's larynx, she found more comfort and she was even more accurate in the harder part of the song. Right? So you're seeing a lot of natural potential and untrained... That's uncomfortable. Yeah, untrained matter here. If this is what she can do just by copying, imagine what you could really achieve by honing in all of this natural inclinations. Again, I really hope she has a happy childhood. She doesn't have to do anything to it. She doesn't want to do... Forget it. She's probably approaching when she's older, whatever. Who cares? And if she does, I really hope I wish her all the best. But this is such a beautiful expression of humanity overall. It's just fabulous. Oh! You see she finds comfort in those lower range. This is as simple as breathing for her. Think about that. This is just as simple as breathing for this little girl. It's fabulous. It's fabulous. Nothing else to say. What's her name? God bless her. No idea. But this is in Katakau TV or something like that. Thousands of comments, millions of views, thousands of likes. It's ridiculous. Adorable. It's ridiculous. It's not surprising now when you see the next generation. How come you're so good? I've been singing since I've been one. Literally, these kids are born singing. It just happened that later on I decided I might be worth pursuing a career in this life. Sometimes you hear people from the Philippines that are a consolidated artist now that they just naturally progressed into it. Because they've been singing their whole lives. They've never really made a decision and it just kind of happened. And that's why a lot of singers are self-taught in that sense. It makes sense. Repetitions. Emulation. Emulation and the constant exposure to it. And you have such great examples in the Philippines that in live environments and like consolidated artists that are perfect for emulating that you don't really need to study because those are the perfect case studies if you want to. Very interesting. So freaking fun. It's just nice as a thing. Anyways, goodbye.