 I lived better in the Philippines than I did in the US, according to this guy. Hmm, why would that be the case? Hmm, I don't know, but we're about to frack and find out right here right now. See what he has to say, see if some of the things he says are hubbub or if they're legit. Yeah, we see a lot of videos that do these type of things where it's like, Oh, I moved to this country and wow, there's amazing, I loved it! So we're getting another perspective on the Philippines. We've seen it one or two maybe on the Philippines. So let's see what this guy has to say today. If you enjoy subscribe like the video. We got a ton of Philippines stuff on the channel. We're gonna have some Philippines videos on our vlog channel very soon. Take its head bit and book, we're coming in two months in August and we will be trying things in Dubai as well. We'll link down in the description, check out the vlog channel. It's kind of surprising. There's gonna be so many fun things coming. There's no reason not to stop. Here we go. Let's see what he says. I share my experience on how tennis, better in the Philippines than I did in the States. Alright, without wasting time, let's get into it. So any experience that's lived in the Philippines can concur with me on this. The reason we can live better in the Philippines and in the US is because of the low cost of living in the affordable loans. For the same amount of money, for the same amount of money you've spent in California, New York, Chicago, in any of the major cities in the US. We don't live in the area of those though. They have luxury in the Philippines. Before we move to the Philippines, we lived in Chicago. And as you know, Chicago is not a cheap place to live. So our monthly expenses would reach up to over $10,000 per month. A lot. Congratulations, you played yourself. And that's not- DJ, tell us, but that's a lot more than I think the average person would spend in the United States unless you did live in one of those cities. New York sometimes are renting a one-bedroom apartment. It's just like absurd. Like $2,000. New York, San Francisco, LA, those three cities in particular, like known for having absurdly high prices for housing. So we'll see. Obviously, if this guy's rep in 10k a month, he's gonna be able to get some good stuff. Chicago's probably just a little bit below those cities and housing as well. It's hard to spend it being how expensive the city is. And nowadays, especially with rising costs, you would easily blow through that. And also keep the mind that it's an entire family as well, not just one person. But here in the Philippines, you come here with that kind of budget. Forget about it. You come here with half of that $5,000. You're living like- Tony Montana, a political prisoner from Cuba. Okay, maybe I'm exaggerating. But $5,000, no joke. We'll provide you a life with very, very little financial worries here. I might even say none. To put the icing on the cake, you come here with half of that half $2,500. And you're living the life, my friend. For example, I'm here at the pool and I'm taking it to the pool. Brandon, I won't sugarcoat it. It is more practical than the Philippines. But even with a luxurious lifestyle, like eating out whenever you please, hanging out at the pool mid-F noon and getting massages. I'd say the majority of us- She's like an idiot. As you're massaging, you get into the massage. I would need to get a massage like that. Those available in the Philippines, even on this guy. Now, if you please hang out at the floor and end noon and getting massages, I'd say the- What was this guy? See this? Hang out whenever you please, hang out at- This guy, take it up. Selfie him of self in the window. And this guy's like, yeah, get a good shot. Oh wait, wait, my- I was trying to flexing it. Okay, go go! Goddamn it! At the pool mid-F noon and getting massages, I'd say the majority of us from the state- Did he dip his face on the water? Oh, it's definitely. Definitely. He's got the drop. Less in the Philippines, even with this. In the same budget to afford this type of lifestyle in the Philippines, what if ford you really nothing glamorous in the states? What you'll likely have when moving to the Philippines, whether you're retired, summer or tired or working as a digital nomad, is freedom of your own routine. The nice part about coming home- Did you leave your jobs- From your home country, is that you dictate your own time and basically live on your own terms. Your daily routine is completely up to you because you have less obligations, starting in a new country. For most of you in the Philippines, you can wake up when you please and do whatever you want during the day. For us, we can swim whenever we want. We can eat out often and enjoy relaxing and get away activities. When we live in Georgia, we eat out every single day. Every day. We cooked meals in quotes three days in total. Otherwise, ordering food, chow, and down. Georgia is very cheap to live as well. What we do here is shape our life. Oh my god. We're going to be in our preferred lifestyle. So if you want to go out and do this, the dad, or swim, we schedule a lot of work out with this. When you can go to the fitness, this is why I suggest if you're coming here that you still have some sort of income coming in. That's going to be expensive for all of you guys. Because if you or I were to work at traditional job in the Philippines, we won't get that freedom of routine where you can schedule your own. All the other things he's been saying, when he says something it correlates to the video clip of Coralie, this one you just want to show up and then he dies. That was a smooth dive. Look at he got right to the bottom. Two angles. We can schedule your own day. Oh yeah. Look at that. He's going to get $1.00 in the Philippines. But I know a lot of you guys are looking for a simple life in the provinces of the Philippines. Many and perhaps yourself may be leaving your country to live a simple, minimalist, peaceful life in the Philippines. And perhaps you don't want to live on the non-necessities and live extravagantly. And that's even better because your money will last you even longer here. But I'll tell you guys right now, back to the island, it's going to live better in the Philippines than they did in the US. Some people just like their life in the US or at their home country, more than they do in the Philippines. So make no mistake. It's not like you get off the plane and you're on one little way. It's just like the Philippines. So make no mistake. It's not like you get off the plane and you're on Wonderland immediately and all of your breweries disappear. I don't want to sell you guys a life that I know depends on each individual's taste. But getting back to my point, the costs of living and the affordable luxuries is what really makes life living here amazing. Even if you're not the type to spend much, you at least have that peace of mind, knowing that you're not going to hit the pit of your wallet each month. How many Americans or just people in the West in general go a day without having to worry about making rent or at least making enough for that month? We all know it's easy to get pressured into toilet and put the next paycheck. And then after that, the next paycheck. But in places like the Philippines and Bali, you find that you free yourself of that stress because you're living a life with lower expenses. Basically, it's just not as hard to keep up with your expenses. While it's totally understandable, it's funny how many Filipinos want to move to the US and then many Americans want to leave the US for the Philippines. There's always aspects that you and I like and dislike about the US and same with the Philippines. It's up to us to figure out whether or not those upsides overcome the downsides. And why I also see us living better in the Philippines and in the US is because what is seen as luxurious in America is completely affordable in the Philippines. I'll give you an example. My family would spend a lot of time going back and forth between the province and the underneath in Manila. It doesn't make sense for us to book a grab every single time or to take public transportation. So what we did, which maybe ideal for most of you as well, was hire a driver. You tell someone you hired a driver or a maid in the States, then they'll immediately presume you to be rich. But here in the Philippines, hiring a driver for $250 per month is not only affordable but also completely worth $250 per month. You get a driver for $250 a month? You feel like a limit on how much you can drive with them? What if we just like, Alright, we're milking you as much as you can. Nine hours a day. Every single day. That's very... That's a... there has to be a catch to that. We navigate the area. You're with a local to aid you in getting around. And most of all, you don't have to drive. So this is just one of the many affordable luxuries of the Philippines, an on-call driver. Let's say you don't need stuff like that and you prefer to live minimally, which many expats do here. Then you can expect your budget to last you much longer in the Philippines. But enough about money. We already know that you can get much more bang for your buck in the Philippines. The reason I... The bang for the buck. I always need the bang for my buck. The power of life in the Philippines is because of the people. The people make the Philippines. I always talk about how the people here are genuine in time. The people make the Philippines. He's talking about the people then. This person is like, What do you want from me? He sets up his camera and walks up to him. But he's like, Oh... I'm going to do an interview on Attack Me. How the people here are genuine in time. You get a sense of less tension in the air because the priorities of the people in the Philippines are different than the priorities of the people in the West. Here am I saying enough about money? But honestly, Filipinos prioritize family and relationships more than they do money. As opposed to living a life of materialism, they show you that happiness doesn't come from what you own. So it gives you a deeper sense of, Hey, if these struggling Filipinos are happy with what little they have, then why can't I be happy with what I have? The next reason I enjoy life more in the Philippines than in the US is because of how more peaceful it's... Save shop, baby! Because of several reasons. Number one, you get the island life no matter what setting you're in. So the pace of life here is much slower and laid back. Number two, the people are not divisive and generally mind their own business. And three, as I mentioned, you can have freedom by living on your own terms and what you do during the day. But among these reasons, the fact that Filipinos are not divisive is what makes living here much sweeter. It's not like you have to walk on eggshells when talking to the people, worried about their political stance and their personal beliefs. And it's not like they'll get offended if your beliefs are different than theirs. For the most part, the people here are united and there's not much drama whatsoever. The divisiveness, homelessness, increasing crime rates, increasing prices, and political drama, were all things that led up to leaving the US. But I'll be honest, guys, we still would have moved to the Philippines regardless, don't get me wrong, but these issues were just the cherry on top and it's what sealed the deal. And another reason we love the Philippines is because sunsets are like this every day. Very beautiful. And so while it may sound crazy to leave America for a third world country, and all reality, America has the exact same things that third world countries have. And don't get me wrong, I love that I was raising the state and life was good there. I really believe that far back then, America was the best place to be to build a life. And I consider it a blessing because I do that. How old is this guy? He's not old enough to stand back in that. Back in that. Back in that. You know, the golden country. Back when George Bush was president all over the way in the middle of the East. Oh yeah, great places out of the fam. Just kidding, but just kidding, buddy. I'm sure you're maybe referring to maybe your parents or something like that. Upcoming in any other way or any other place. But at some point, you just want something new for a change and you look all around in America and you see that it's also changing and not for the better either. But I'll be honest, two years ago, I wouldn't be able to say that I like the Philippines more than I did the US. That's the thing. It can be easy to picture the Philippines as everything you see on social media. The beautiful beaches, the weather, the people. It can be the things. It can be the things. It can be the things. It can be the things. It can be the things. First off, what's that guy doing in the Philippines? Second off, that's not the life I'm going to get. He's living a better life. The beautiful beaches, the weather. Oh, that is so good. People, it can be easy to get caught up in thinking that things will be perfect as soon as you land. But the reality is, The better be. For many, it will take time to adjust to the Philippines. My first couple of months here, I didn't like the Philippines. I wasn't used to life here. But as time goes on, you figure out the best place to live suited for you. You figure out your routine. And you adjust to the new life. For some of you, you may prefer living in the province full time. While for others, they simply can't stand living in the province for extended periods of time. These are the little things that you learn along the way that make for a good life in the Philippines. So I'd say, for some, the longer that you live here, the better life gets. That was at least a case for us. We knew that we didn't want to live in the province full time so we made BGC our home base. Then when we feel like visiting the province to go to the beaches and check out the sites, we set aside a day for that. So there you have it, TabiX pets. That is a couple of reasons why I find life better in the Philippines than in the US. Personally, I feel happier here. And that's not just because I run a YouTube channel about the Philippines. I can genuinely say that with my hand to my heart. If you enjoyed this video, a like and subscribe would be greatly appreciated. And so, I'm going to like it. I'll see you in the next video. Alright. Thus. Thanks, bro. Alright, that is interesting. This is a pretty well-constructed video. Some interesting angles and shots. But a lot of good info. It seems like... So if for him, if he goes there and he's like, oh, I don't like this. So it's like... Because like for us, we went to Georgia and kind of like... After like a couple days, we're like, oh, this is cool. I liked it here. We settled in pretty quickly. But also for him, he's coming from Chicago. Chicago! And if based... If the BGC shot he was using was like where he lives, he's probably living quite the night. BGC is a nice area. Yeah. So... It's interesting, well to see... I mean, it's cool to see different people do these sort of videos because you get so many different perspectives. Like he set the remonstrate to Okam before he was like, oh, wow. I really like this. And then it got to the point where he liked it better than the US. Even though the first he did it. That's interesting. I wonder how it'll be for us. It'll be a culture shock. That's for sure. For this, we've gone to India. And India was definitely culture shock. So let's see what happens. We had the ease into India for sure too. See what happens. We're going the other way. And... Well, from the US, we're going the other way. We're flying across the Pacific this time. Oh! It's gonna take forever. It's like a 19 hour flight. Plus a four hour flight. Oh! We're gonna really fly. We're gonna get those flees. Literally not gonna sleep. We're gonna be jet lagged for five days. It's gonna suck. Oh! Hopefully you enjoyed it. If you did, subscribe, like the video. We got more reactions coming soon. More taste tests. More vlogs on the vlog channel. Woohoo! Check out those links down below. See you in the next one. Bye.