 Hi guys welcome back to a part two. Yes. If you haven't seen part one check it out before you get into the rest of this video maybe or not. Maybe not but just come back to part two and just sing to a part two. Doesn't really matter. This is singing. Singing Filipino songs into Galaguan Amigo. It's basically this couple from the US we did part one. They don't speak to Galag. They... I don't know if they've been to Philippines but they're just listening to and reading the lyrics of the Galaguan song. So they learn these songs then they go on Amigo and they play them for people who are Filipino or in the Philippines and kind of like see their reaction. Yeah. It's strangely entertaining. They don't know what they're singing because they don't know the language but they're listening to the song enough to be able to know the accent and how to make it sound like they're singing in the song. And from their previous reactions people watching they're quite good. So we're gonna check out a little bit more today. If you've got any requests that you'd like us to react to anything at all send us a link to our Instagrams it'll be on the screen now or you can send us a name with a little video or screen show or however as you want to send it and feel free to do that and also if you're new around here please hit the subscribe button. Really help us out right to 300,000 subscribers on the channel. Right you ready? Thanks for coming back today. Let's go. Three, two, one. We're filming a YouTube video right now. Oh really? Yeah. You guys are excited. Are you guys sure? Are you sure? I don't know how to say it but I'm really happy to hear it and you guys are gonna be out of the blue. I swear I've probably missed it. Like please do subscribe like share subscribe and their channel and yeah. Thank you so much. We really appreciate you. Thank you so much for enjoying. You guys are on YouTube? Yeah yeah we do. Are you Phil Fino? Yeah we're not Phil Fino. Oh you. I thought you were Phil Fino's. Oh it's the same one from the hotline. His second song requests. Yeah true. He's a microphone who's awesome. Yeah. When he speaks in a second. So close. Yeah. Just enjoying it so much. Oh oh oh. Hey you all man. Hey you guys. It's your own about my phone. It would be like if I spoke like this. I'm like I might not be the first person to speak. You just freaked them out as well. I didn't want to happen. You just shot up. I really just freaked out. I don't know what to say bro. Just keep doing what you're doing bro. You're making us like people with something emotional bro. Like what I'm saying to you bro. Like keep doing what you do bro. Both of you man. I appreciate it. I know. I'm the same. These people here are amazing though. Like and subscribe bro. Peace out. I love you too. We need to keep doing what you do. Can I really request a song? What is it? What was the song? One. That's my favorite Phil Fino song to this day. Love the song. Yeah. Everyone knows this song. Everyone knows this song. Oh my gosh. You're like a s**t. It's the first time we're doing something. Get it off of me. Love the reactions that these people are so great. I love seeing people enjoy music. That's a really good feeling. I've played live in bands before and seeing people enjoy music. I didn't know you can take the galo like that. Oh my goodness bro. Wow. Thank you. That's so cool. How was the accent? Yeah it's good really good. I'm gonna subscribe to you guys. That was great guys. Oh my gosh. I can't believe you can do that. We're trying. We're trying. You know I'm actually blown out of my mind right now. Thank you guys did that. Thank you so much. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. If you're watching on bluetooth green YouTube channel, you can subscribe to me. You can also subscribe to my blog. You can subscribe to me. Yeah. We're in our power. Yeah. Do you stream or make content? Oh yeah. I do YouTube and stream. Oh nice. I put your YouTube in for real. Cool. Yo. I'm willing to listen to you. I'm willing to. I'm willing to. Nice how she plays violin. Yeah it sounds really nice. That's so nice. Let's go. Yeah. Oh, yeah. So nice. Three. Four. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. my badド thing or something you guys are not Filipino like like I thought you guys can speak Tagalog oh thank you so much we hope you guys enjoy your night hello how's your night going we were actually singing for people are you really? oh my god they were doing it as well okay ready oh you know it oh that's good they knew that well how many songs they learned sounds like a lot no not like people shocked yes hmm how nice that's like strangest from around the world connecting over music very positive it's really it's really humbling to like play and the songs every song we've heard so far is amazing I am just so proud like I don't know I'm just so speechless I can't even speak right now I love they say thank you so much to the Filipino community you guys have been absolutely amazing so to all the Filipino viewers we wanted to ask you guys all right that's the end of the video music is powerful let's just say that yeah like bringing people together make people smile, dance, laugh some kind of emotion coming out from music is amazing amazing thank you for watching with us I hope you enjoyed it if you did give it a thumbs up subscribe to channel if you're new and we'll see you in the next juicy react bye guys music