 Future Friday. The freshest. I've gone on this obsession of finding some of the best crowds all over the world and there was some reason we always end up in the Philippines, genuinely and actually for no bloody, there's no doubt, because look at this. Like bro, if you're an artist and you have to tour in the Philippines, you have to perform in the Philippines, like you actually don't even have to worry if there's any technical issues or anything, the crowd will carry you bro. I'm actually so excited that you're checking out these videos because you haven't seen any of them. Yeah, I haven't seen any of them. By the way, the times that I always show it to Bali, in case you didn't know Bali's injury, she sent you to her back and she's slowly recovering. But the times that I show her, she has to be laying down and resting. The times that I show her the videos, I had seen them before. These ones I have never seen, she compiled them for me, these times the roles have changed. Said it, apparently loved. This man's charged tickets to go to the concert to be sang to him. This was recently though, this has been no longer good. I'm gonna stay there night. Mental. What is this? Oh, who is this? Is it bad? I have no idea who this guy is. Who the fuck is this guy? I'm voice is so famous and I don't know who he is. Hey, he's low key fire. His name is Lanny, look at the hell is this guy. He's on tour right now. He's got that tick that lets you know you made it. Wow, that's fucking bizarre. That's a tick tock screen recording another tick tock. Billy, Billy, Elish. Billy Elish. That was in salt. Are they gonna compare? Some crowds are just like listening crowds. It doesn't mean they're uninterested or anything. They just like to listen to shit rather than sing it. And culturally you'll find this in different parts of the world. Yeah, she could literally stop singing and the crowd will carry. Yeah. Yeah, it's just difference in crowds and that's why traveling the world and going to different places. It's so amazing. I told you motherfucker. I told you motherfucker. And as a singer, I cannot even tell you how much joy that brings me to the end. When we come out here to a place where I know that's the whole thing. That's so cool for him to know the coach. That's fucking dope. Oh, I don't know. I'm not in the fucking concert. I don't have to say how I do. That was a video. I mean, it looks like Jesus. Good for him. You can never be sad looking at another artist that's been doing it for so long as Maroon 5. And like they still sell out like that. And every time we come here, it just feels like you guys love to begin it with us. You guys sing louder. You sing louder than anywhere else in the world here. That's so cool. Shout out to the Philippines, man. That's so cool for him to acknowledge like a crowd like that. How nice. That's actually a low key emotion. I also feel like in the Philippines, I don't know what it is, but they have mics in the crowd. Maybe they have environmental mics or what. They have mic's on stage. Pick up so much of the... Yeah, if you're not enough, they pick up with the crowd on the front. Oh, yeah. Yeah, fucking showbimos. Yeah, she's very famous in the Philippines. I mean, she's very famous everywhere. And anywhere. Taylor Swift is like one of the best selling artists ever. Bro, I don't even think she's there. I think this is just like one of those moles. You know what they put music and shit. And the previous one, it was a presidential rally. He just put that song for some reason. And everyone knows it. Icon. Yeah, I did. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's what it must feel like. I think it's a nice thing to notice when the whole crowd just knows your songs, man. They sing it back to you. You don't even have to sing. That's like, again, you charge tickets for the concert to be sang to you, bro. Well, I know it's a dream. And I do think like, especially if you have like big hits in the pop and Singapore and fun, the Philippines is probably one of the best locations and crowds you could probably visit anywhere in the world. Because they're going to show you love in a manner that's it's so clear. And as a musician, it just makes your heart warm as hell.