 I heard that he started playing chess when he was six years old. What's up Philippines? What is up guys? I'm Mike. And I'm Nelly. And we two travel food and lifestyle vloggers based in the beautiful city of Makati here in the Philippines. And if you don't know us yet, our main channel making it happen is linked right here. Nelly, what are we reacting to today? Today we are reacting to a Filipino talent who is very unique, very unique in a way that he has a very special talent that is a hot topic right now due to a Netflix series that is called The Queen's Gambit. Yes, so this little guy is a chess player. So we are going to see what he's about. I heard that he started playing chess when he was six years old. So I'm very curious to see what this is about. I think it's very interesting though. All right. Yeah. So let's jump right into it. But before we do so, guys, take a second to hit that subscribe button, get this video thumbs up. And subscribe. Trust us. It's going to be good. Okay, okay. Let's go. Alba Sherebuto may seem like a typical young boy, but at the age of 10, he is already the Philippines chess prodigy. He improves skills on Manila sidewalks, mostly in the streets of Kappo, where older avid chess players like him eat to pass the time. Here he beats veteran players with a mastery and position, rarely seen from young chess players like him. Even pulling a draw with master player. You go fast. Alba Sherebuto will go far if he gets the right support. The support from the government is crucial. He needs to be exposed more. But that better. Alba Sherebuto was six when he started competing in international. Wow. He's played in Iran, China and Malaysia. And for so many Muslims here who have long felt discriminated against in a country where there are minority, Alba Shere is a source of pride. People here tell us how much their story mirrors their own aspirations. A young Filipino Muslim making it to the global stage because of sheer talent and determination. In competitions, I always work hard to make it worthwhile for my parents and those who supported me. The best part about chess is winning, but losing is good too because you learn more. But there are struggles back here. Alba Shere comes from a poor family who moved from Marawi city in the southern Philippines, a place held back by war and displacement. His parents have often struggled to make ends meet. So paying for Alba Shere's training has proven to be difficult. Despite his classes and online competition, he still has to share a laptop with five other siblings. I'm on stage my home. It is the only house ahead, but I put it on collateral to help fund some of his training. It's not easy, but Alba Shere is here from God. So we have to support him. He is said to compete in the Fidi online world cadets and youth rapid championship this week. And all the week's internet connection at home may cost him critical minutes in the game. Alba Shere remains confident. Like so many prodigies before him, he says his chess pieces have given him a sense of purpose and hopefully a way out of poverty. Jamal Al-Alyndog and Al-Jazeera Manila. Wow. What a remarkable story. Yes, so impressive. First of all, I had no idea that there are chess players coming together in Kiappu. We went to Kiappu, we went to the market. We didn't see, I mean, it has been a while. We didn't see any chess players, but it's interesting. It's very interesting. And Fun Fact, I used to play chess with my dad when I was young. Fun Fact, I used to play chess competitively. One so profy. Of course he has to be better. I just wanted to... So there is actually a grandmaster, a Filipino grandmaster whose name is Wesley... Smipes? No, it's not. And he actually transitioned to the US citizenship. So I think all the titles are now belonging to the US. What a shame. But yeah, I hope this guy gets support and... Yeah, how old is this video? Is it like feeling new? It's fairly new. I think maybe one year. So if somebody has like a goodish laptop laying around at home that you don't need anymore, maybe head on over to that video, he'd become and maybe the kid could be with it. Also, if you know how we can reach out to that kid, maybe we have a spare laptop at home. So maybe we can just give our laptop to him so he can pursue his dreams. Let us know if you recognize this guy and maybe we can make it happen for him. Perfect. Yeah. Alright, this was awesome. Yeah. I'd love to see him like in action. Yeah. Maybe we can visit him and make a blog about it. Yeah. Cool. Alright guys, as I said, our manager on making a happen blog is linked right up there. You can head on over there leave us a comment what some of our travel vlogs. If you have any video suggestions for us, things that you'd like us to react to, there is a link in the description box down below. You click it and you can send me some of your ideas to us. Also, if you want, you can follow us on Instagram. I have to promote my Instagram. I have not yet reached 100k on Instagram. Soon, I post really interesting stuff on Instagram. Yeah. Peanut, I'm a plant, and stuff that is going on in vanilla. Like our merch, linked in the description box down below. Oh yeah, you're wearing a merch. Rocking the merch, check it out, really cool in the back. Yeah. That being said, we'll see you guys next time on. What's up Philippines? Bye bye. It's up to you, my Dubai. No, I'm not. That's my Dubai. Our Dubai. That's my Dubai. We are engaged. It's our Dubai. No, I lost it every day.