 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today, we are reacting to the SEA Games 2019 30th anniversary, the correct video for the Filipino. Now, the Indonesian was really cool. Yeah. This is a different type of video. It doesn't have the same kind of intro. So this one, we're actually going to start with the last performance of the opening ceremony. If you guys want to see us watch any of the other performances, throw them down in the comments and let us know. But I heard the last performance was like a killer. I mean, it was great. So before we hop into this, guys, if you would go ahead and give us a like on this video, helps it get out to more people. Also, if you would, go ahead and click the subscribe button and the bell notification that way you guys are informed on our next videos we post. And if you'd like to help support the channel even more, you can click the join button down below. So let's check out this. So the only thing, because we were told by everybody that the last video was the one that was in the Philippines. Am I wrong? What do you mean? The originally, like before we even reacted to it. Yeah, before we reacted to it, that's the video that was recommended. So I'm just guessing that it's Indonesian people, some of our viewers from Indonesia, which we have quite a few. I wanted us to watch that one. I wanted us to watch that because they're from Indonesia. And we haven't really hit on Indonesia lately because to be perfectly honest, there hasn't been a whole lot of love lately. Well, there hasn't been a lot of requests. Yeah, that's a better way of putting it. But we're getting quite a few requests now. So we're going to start hitting it in Indonesia again. We want to hit everything. It's just it's going to be based off of what people want us to see. Right. So again, only so many days, only so many hours in a day, and we put out two videos already. We can't be doing more than that. And this one is at the arena. Yes. The biggest arena in the world. Facts. Well, that's cool. It's either a flower or a snowflake. I'm thinking flower. Yeah. It's probably not a lot of snow in the Philippines. Because they're always so representative of these things, even in the Olympics. When they do these, it has to do with something in the country. That's beautiful. Oh, that's gorgeous. Yeah, that's really cool. It's got the stem. And then this is talent on its own. Just one of these people drop one in the full performance is like, shoot, I think it's more the choreographer. Yeah. Could you imagine the guy that has to put all this to get our girl that has to put all this together? That's awesome. And you don't get the full beauty of it unless you see it from above. Christian about the tea stock. He's the wrestler. Yeah. In the movies, they make him look like a hero. Senya. The robot person. Oh, it's Robert Senya. He's the one that I don't know. He's young. And he will ask how. You're not listening to the words very much. Not that. I can't even make out with this song. So I can't even make out with this song. We compete. But the greatest thing is when we win. As one. Yeah. As one. Uncomfortable. We witness one. On the ground. We share a single moment. We witness. They all have beautiful voices. We witness. We witness. I love us again. I love when we were not. The flame goes brighter. Check out that. Fick. That's the flame we made us. We're all in this together. That's something drake with it. I was honestly thinking he looked like a. This was like the most important part that you just fought. It's better to pause it than to miss it. No, he reminds me of what's his name from the black eyed piece. Will I am? Yeah. That's who he looked like was will I am? With that outfit and everything. Yeah, I agree. Many a talk. Yeah. Yeah. Do they use the same logo as the Olympics? I like the day incorporating him. That was that was done. That was really was. I was. Seeing that live will be insane. There are outfits are amazing. Another job that I could only imagine would be so insane is to be the costume design. That's cool. That's cool. I feel bad for the people in the bag. I bet you that's putting off quite a bit of heat. Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for the opening ceremony of the 30th Southeast Asian Games 2019. The win as one. See the back part of the girls. Yeah, I'll put this. This address is insane. Yeah. want to make sure I don't miss anything else. Yeah. I love the excitement that they all have. That's awesome. That was really amazing. I really loved the lighting of the torch. Yeah. That was really cool. Like it was intense. Now, okay. So, first before I get hated on, when I say costume design, that means anything that they're wearing. Right. Because in TV and movies, obviously it's authentic. Yeah. I mean, you can literally wear a t-shirt and pants and it's considered costume. Yeah. So, that's what. Yeah. And a performance. Somebody has to pick out the outfits and all that kind of stuff. Who are these people? For it to work. So, that's what I mean by that. But the other thing is something that I thought the lighting was really awesome. But something I've noticed in our comments in the past is a lot of people, not all people, but a lot of people aren't really pro-manipackial anymore. Really? Yeah. So, I haven't seen that. Yeah. I mean, it's been a while because we hadn't talked about Mani in a long time. Right. But because he is in government now. And a lot of people are saying stick to boxing, something that you actually know about and don't try to. Because supposedly he's going to try to run for president. And a lot of people are saying he's going to lose because people don't actually, like, he's a thing in the past, I think. Right. Like, just because I like an actor or an athlete or something like that doesn't mean he, we were just talking about Matthew McConaughey running for governor of Texas. Right. Now, and this isn't to open a can of worms because we don't talk about politics. We don't like the argumentation. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No. But we, I mean, just because we like an actor doesn't mean that we're going to vote for them. Right. Because what do they know? Yeah. It's like me running for governor. I don't expect anybody to vote for me for governor. But Mani, Pacquiao might know a lot about politics. So, yeah. I mean, considering that he's actually been a politician. But a lot of people were, I was just amazed because I knew he was a huge representative of the country. I mean, the guy was probably the third best record, I believe, or second best record in boxing history. So, dude's badass. Yeah, he's definitely a beast. But not. So, the rings. So, in the Southeast Asia games, do you all use the Olympic rings as well? Or do they just kind of like, that looks dope. Let's put it on there. You know, because I know the rings represent the continents. That's why there's five. So, in the US, we have seven continents. But in the geography, international, something or other, there's five continents. So that's why I'm asking because it doesn't make a lot of sense. But I loved it. Yeah. I thought it was amazing. The budget is insane. Oh, yeah. One hundred percent. Like, this is almost like on level with, at least for the opening ceremony, it's on level with the Olympics. Don't care where it's at because they spend tons of money no matter where it's at. Some governments put their country in a hole just to do the Olympic games. This looked phenomenal. I was really happy to see it. But guys, if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button. If you want to see more of our future videos, hit the subscribe button in the bell notification so you'll know when the next video drops. And if you want to support us directly, hit the join button and join the members program. And with that being said, my name is Miles. My name is Fez. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out.