 But you're Friday. The freshest. Bleh! Well, even police officers, ladies and gentlemen, in the Philippines sing, they drum, they band, they arrest, and most importantly they have right. They had anna you. They had anna you right, right away from crime. Oh, okay. That's so crazy. They've never seen this shit. They've never seen this shit. Look, a band, a band of police officers. That's right. You know, they saw you night, their powers, like power rangers, and when they hit an e-major band, they get all the bad guys in jail, and then they're like... Oh my god, it was like, what should we fly? I think it's like a fly. Uh-huh. Anyways, but yeah. You get all the bad guys once e-major. Yeah, e-major. Oh my god. See, major is handcuffs. Ahhhhhhh. But anyways, look, I'm telling you, perhaps this shit is normal. Go on. Oh, this song. Oh my god, this is like a proper band band. What the hell? You guys send us this. Yeah. Highly requested this week. This officer. Oh my god, he's a security guard. No, no, no. This is police, police. Like national police. Is what they do on their break. Do-do. Oh, I'm watching a song, mate. What? Get out of here. This is the Philippine National Police Group. Is that what he's saying? It's a band combo. Yeah, Philippine National Police. PNP, bro. Boata! Okay, love the freaking uniforms. It's always going to be really- Hey, you're not suddenly dressed to work. Listen, if they're wind, they could have dressed down. They could have dressed down. I think they just on their break was on it. Or maybe they- Yeah, maybe it's just that it's been- No, this is like a charity event or something. I don't know, man. Right? They have like a bunch of boxes. I don't know what those boxes are for. Well, I think this was like, have like midway pandemic. This was like, Oh, it was posted like this month, like a few days back. But, but. Last month, sorry. But this is going viral like on TikTok and all this shit. On Facebook, it's gone viral everywhere. So it's fun when you're YouTube. No, do you guys- We're like, here's the link. Yeah. Check it out. And I'm like, sure. And he's singing that song that he's obviously there. I- I expected it to be good, but like, it's a whole band. I also expected it to be karaoke. Yeah, I expected it to be karaoke. Yeah, I expected it to be. What's going on? Okay. What is- Hey, he's rocking it. Turn it up. Turn it up. Yes, sir. Don't go. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. I want to say his name is Wilner. I don't know why his name is, but in my head he's a Wilner. The- the thing is, his technique, bro. It's brilliant. You guys name correct. I could do it. That would be- Wow. That would have been sent by the- I don't know. I- It's just- I just got a feeling. You know what I'm being- No, but you know when people like, like, he looks like a Pedro. You know? Yeah. It's time for thing. Come on. Anyways, technique 10 out of 10. He was- Okay. So he did the one-to-step which- That's what I call the one-to-step. It's like, once- One foot in front of the other, and then you anchor back. Especially when you're using that mix like vocal texture, which is between full belt and a full setter. But it- It's so grounded that it's not- It doesn't really count as a full setter. Pulling down as- The same time as you're pushing your larynx up. It's more like an elastic band field of technique. Um- But he's also utilizing vibrato to get to that big brilliant note at the top. And- It's something constant. But that addition of vibrato is like a- It's like a hack. Hmm. Because then you're- You're moving the vocal folds up and down. So you're continuously diffusing tension. So instead of like just keeping it up and maintaining it there, You're constantly moving it down. It's like when you have a cramp and then you start shaking the muscle itself, You're releasing that tension at the same time. So this, as the long run, as the song progresses, doesn't get astering. It's fatiguing. Yeah, as if you would approach it with a rock-like tonality. Yeah. See the one that stepped up? I'm brilliant. Yeah, his accurate is brilliant. See that vibrato? That's awesome. What a song. Yeah. Also this song is an over the place, vocal speaking. It's a hop song. Yeah, it's a lot. Yes to the drummer. Yeah. Look at that anchor right there man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sir. Yeah. Yeah, get that close up. Oh boy. Yeah. He murdered. Wow. Yeah. He murdered that. But his technique is fantastic. That's what I was doing. Really nice. Okay. But you know, this is what I was saying about the technique. Once you crack a really good anchoring technique, like diffusing of tension, taking away from the focus of here, of the larynx itself, you are a rocket basically because that's what you can... Yeah. One of those things that once you get right, there's no way of going back. And it gives the singer such freedom in range, in possibilities, and he corrected. Obviously the song is one of those with repetition, with the rehearsals. It could only get worse because of strain, because of... You have one good go, basically. Especially when he comes to like the straight tone approach to the original song, which is so straight, it's such a rock technique, technique behind it. Rock solid technique. Yeah. But in this particular case, he's using a lot of mixed like qualities between that falsetto and that full-fold belt. But he's also utilizing the technique of that vibrato, releasing tension, as you're keeping the note in the same position, he's very well anchored. That man could sing the style of songs for two hours straight. Like a good time, man. Yeah. For two hours straight. Those singers are always impressive to me because of poetry students. They're so impressive to me because one of the hardest things to sort of, yeah, teach, because he goes back down to the foundation, or to improve, is performance endurance. And if you're a foundation, so if your technique is somewhat flawed in some specific manner, the way you're going to find out is by not being able to perform for so long, or do long, long sets. You are going to find, perhaps, that you're able to do them, but the taxman is going to come and collect the next day, and you're going to lose your voice, so you're going to have issues, it's going to cause what it's going to do, and all these other shits. And not just is the least of your problems when you think about it. Like you could cause some serious damage, permanent loss of vocal usage. So those people that are able, or when I hear people like you, that sort of know what they're talking about with singing, is like, oh, this guy could sing like this for fucking ages. I'm like, damn, that's so crazy because that means everything is in order. Indeed. But you can see it in the manner he holds in microphone and how. And he's a police officer. Yeah, I mean, that's what I find ridiculous, dude. So the law, justice, he's Captain Philippins. Oh, awesome. But again, I... Damn, that's it, right? If you were going to have a hero in the Philippines, a superhero, right? And say you know like America, obviously it's Captain America. Yeah. Like he's well-American. All Americans. Well, American shit. Yeah, and in England, you have, I don't know, the fuck's the English one. Wonder Woman. What? Wonder Woman's not English. Oh, is it a Captain Carter? She's like from the UK. The girl version of Captain America. Oh my God, no way, really? Yeah, it's, you know, British. I have no idea because she's spits British. I have to watch those what is videos. Yeah, someone sent it to me as well. In the Philippines, it would have to be someone who sings. Oh yeah, the super power is like B sharp. Yeah, it's like B-D power, you know? They will make you succumb to their power vocal. Oh. No, it's probably more like, you become hypnotized by... And then they take your soul and your stone. That's not like a villain, right? That's not like, yeah, that's not very heroic. My money joke in juries, I like you. I think your song doesn't take your soul away. It restables you as the heart. Okay, wow. Yeah. What will it be? When you see even his energy efficiency, you should see it so well calculated. Yeah. Well calculated. Oh. Oh. I told you, Hick and Sikr hours. That's full of all. That's full of all. Damn, that's nasty. What the fuck? Oh, this is serially... Oh, hey, what is what? What? And like this. That's it, you got none. No, give me that. People are really like, ah. I put my arches right up. I have a phone. People were really like, ah, yes, another day in the police office. You say you know, a video is good. I'm buried in the cushions. You actually had just hug one, right? I don't know what I do there. Everyone knows. It's coming about it. But it's just, I thought I was. It's because I don't know if they're going to get there. Wow. Well, let's be honest. He got there and went beyond. At least guys, it was like, yeah, singing. Ah, correct. I mean, I was absolutely... That's insane. That is so insane. That is so insane. It's some artistic liberties that were completely unnecessary, except for the fact that they were made to make a point. That didn't make sense. I understood though. I think I did. I think everyone watching also understood. I don't have to say one thing. One thing. That could be a fun, fun little serious. People that do a job. That have a normal regular good old job. Like a nurse singing in the hospital. I find that that's probably... That's probably a norm. Usually, if you go to London or... I think in Dubai, it's also quite the same as well. A lot of doctors and stuff like that. Or nurses and stuff. Are from the Philippines. So I would imagine in their breaks... Like here in Amidio from Tesco. Well, I've never seen that though here in the UK. I've lived in London for a while. Yeah, a great point. What the fun? You just have to step into Filipino territory in the Philippines. And then they're singing. Ignite. Yeah, I think that's what's going to happen to me. I genuinely think that's why I'm not taking lessons. Anything like that. I'm going to do it there. I'm just going to live there for a bit. Not to learn the dialogue. Channel your inner... Channel your inner singing. Yes, I will become general giblet. I will become him. Hello, general giblet. How are you? Anyways. I think I know if he has any idea who we are. No. And now, I think the rep we've created for ourselves. I think it's kind of bad. So fuck. But I never get to meet him. You do imagine. I made it. My favorite meme. Not me. I like him. I listen to his songs. Oh, we just listen to him. Last night, I love his collaboration with Jaya. You know, anyways, look. Have you got anyone covering general gib songs? Goodbye. That's a great question. Yeah. You got a shame, right? Like, no, with the fucking reputation we've built. Ah, good.