 Don't miss out on quality broadcasting. Please like and subscribe to Big World Cinema. Thank you. Hello, good morning, good evening, and welcome to Big World Cinema. I published a video a few months ago whilst knitting in a suppose-to-deaconbe about my monthly budget. So this video will detail my monthly costs while travelling around the Philippines. I wasn't keen on venturing out on the road to be perfectly honest. I was quite content in my cozy Sabou City condo, but having come to the Philippines to travel to different islands, it was about time I got out of my comfort zone. I lived in Sabou City for a few years. One of the major factors of staying in one place for so long was being able to save on accommodation costs. My condo in Sabou with swimming pool and small gym ended up costing me just 15,000 pesos a month plus an extra 3,000 for electricity, water and internet. I knew that once I started travelling around the Philippines, my accommodation costs would probably double. Researching costs on Agoda and booking.com, I found that I wasn't going to find many decent places for less than 1,000 pesos per night. But I was also determined not to spend more than 1,000 pesos per night. And I've kept to that. What I didn't realise before I started travelling around was that many hotels will offer a senior citizen discount of up to 20%. Not through Agoda or booking.com, you have to walk in and ask what their room rate is and then inquire if they offer a senior discount and many will drop their prize. At my most recent B&B, I managed to get the rate dropped from 1,200 pesos to 800 pesos when I said there was a senior and wanted to stay for four nights. So that was a good saving. Just watching the video is pointless unless you subscribe. Thank you. So my total hotel expenditure for the month of November has been 25,398 pesos, which is £370 or $456. I'm not a foodie. I don't choose where to die in whilst considering how many Michelin stars the Caron Dairy has. I eat to survive. I choose food according to price. I only eat twice a day with most meals costing between 60 and 160 pesos. My food bill whilst travelling around has worked out a little more than when I was living in Sabou City and cooking for myself. I spent in total 11,468 pesos for the month, but that includes the odd Sam Miguel or two. I'm not a big drink anymore. I generally have a few at the weekend and that's it. I travel between places maybe once a week by bus and ferry, but I've also incurred daily travel costs using Jeep Needs, Taxis and Trikes. For the month my travel costs have been around 354 pesos, but I've listed the bowhole tour separately as well as I don't normally do date to us. So my total expenditure for November 2022 has been 46,480 pesos, which is £678 or $835. As opposed to my average monthly expenses in Sabou City, which were 35,820 pesos or £522 or $643. I knew that travelling around the Philippines rather than staying in one place would work out more expensive. But that's down mainly to the additional travel costs and paying for accommodation. Food costs have remained pretty similar. So that's it. Just to give you an idea of the monthly costs of staying put or travelling around the Philippines. So now you're going to say, well that's all very well for this month, but maybe next month will be more expensive. Or maybe it won't. One of my next destinations is Seakyore and taking a quick scan of the hotel sites on the internet. It reveals that there's loads of places on the island, at less than £1,000 per night. So it may even work out cheaper. If you liked the video, please could you like, share and subscribe. And don't forget to ding the notification bell so that you can see my videos before your friends. See you on the next video. Take care everyone. And check out the next video which you can see here. I guarantee you will bring you to joy.