 How living in the Philippines have changed you as a person? Oh, there's been a lot of culture shock to be honest. You know, I mean, you're just showing good example and... Naman or Naa or Poo. Filipinos are one of the most hospitable people you'll ever get to meet. What advice would you give to a foreigner that wants to come to the Philippines? Everyone's so kind and welcoming and warm. What's your name and where you from? I'm Renee and I'm from India originally. For how long you've been in the Philippines? Six years now. Six years. How living in the Philippines have changed you as a person? I think it's exposed me to like a lot of culture. I'm from a very fast-paced community. So I think being here is definitely like calm me down. And yeah, it's a very good culture to be a part of. Okay, in these six years have you adapted any Filipinos... I mean any Filipino habit into your daily life? I think I've incorporated a bit of this slang terms or like, yeah, things like that at the end of my sentences. Can you say anything? Naman or Naa or Paul and stuff like that, yeah. Okay. And how is your Tagalog so far? I can understand it. I can't speak good. You can't speak now. And any Tagalog word that you can probably teach me? Hapon means afternoon. Hapon means afternoon. And let me ask you, how is life in the Philippines or foreigners? I think it's really good. There's a lot of really pretty places and beaches to travel to. I love the beach so it's a perfect country for that. What is your favorite beach here in the Philippines? I love Palawan. I love Corona. Palawan Corona. Have you been to Shargal? Yeah, no. We were supposed to drink the pandemic but it got cancelled. You have to. Okay. So, in any advice would you give to foreigners that wants to come I mean to the Philippines, it's easy to visit or even to stay? I think definitely to explore the country, there's so many beautiful places here. You have like hills and beaches at the same area. So yeah, just explore and the people here are really nice. Okay. What do you love the most about Filipinos? Everyone's so kind and welcoming and warm. Thank you so much. I appreciate for your time. Thank you so much. And guys, I'm here with Tayao. It's my name. For how long have you been in the Philippines and where you from? I'm from Nigeria. I've been in Philippines for about six months now. I came with my wife from Nigeria. Yeah. And how living in the Philippines have changed you as a person? Oh, there's been a lot of culture shock to be honest. Philippines is... There's a lot I enjoy I like about Filipinos. But I'll say the very first thing is the people. The people are very kind, very nice, very well-common. They're just the best. The best. The best. And how often do you get to travel in the Philippines? How often? Okay, so I live in PGC and for the first three, four months, we didn't go anywhere. We were just trying to settle in a new country and all that. But so far we've been to Tagaitai. We've been to Bula Khan. And we're going to more and more places. Laguna. Yeah. Very soon. And just before we go, how easy or how hard is traveling to Philippines without speaking Tagalog? Okay, so it's a bit difficult outside PGC. It's easier in PGC because most people understand English. So you need to learn how to maybe just circulate, shoot them a picture of what you want or what you're talking about. But it's not too hard. It's not too hard. Okay. Not too hard. And just before we go, you told me that your content creators were right. I mean, what kind of content do you do? And can you please give a shout out to your page? We do lifestyle, basically. Lifestyle in the Philippines, me and my wife. Okay, so we have a channel called our Philippines Adventure. So shout out to all my subscribers. Yeah, and this is a great, great opportunity to be on the Calvans show. I mean, this studio is killing the game. This is killing it. So I appreciate you. I appreciate you. Okay, brother. And guys, please don't forget to check his channel on the description below. Yeah. Please support him right now. And he, I have watched his video before. Actually, I have watched his video. So please go and support him as well. Because he has been supporting us as well. Tell me a little. Gail? Alexi. What do you love the most about the Philippines? Okay, so I grew up here born and raised. What I love the most about it would be the, would it be the people? Filipinos are one of the most hospitable people you'll ever get to meet. And of course, they're very not only are they friendly, not only are they welcoming, but they're also very open to welcoming other people as well and to let them experience their culture. Well, I totally agree with her. But also for me, let's say, beautiful spots in here, the natural resources, the beaches, the places to visit. There's a lot of vegetables and there's just so much to visit. Especially the food. Filipino food. Good. Can you name any food there? Maybe the foreigners that are watching right now, they would come in the Philippines and try. All right, I think for, from you, in personal favorites, C-SIG, but C-SIG is just so good, so good. And where's the best spot to try C-SIG? Oh, there's this restaurant called Manam. That's my favorite right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's my favorite right now. So you should check it out. Check it out. Manam, guys, Manam. And just before we go, any advice would you give to a foreigner that wants to come and visit the country? I mean, you know, come here and there's so much to do in the Philippines. People are like, hospitable, they're nice, welcoming, and just make sure to travel and provinces, because there's so much more to see in there than just in Manila. So if you're someone who goes here to, you know, travel like, try places. Me and from Ilui Los, so maybe you should try to check out Ilui Lohi. Good place. I haven't been there, but I'm planning to go there. You should go there in January. They have this festival, it's dinner gyan festival. Okay, you're welcome. So it's good. Just go there. Let me know. Okay. So you're around. Okay, okay. What about your own advice would you give to a foreigner? Well, besides visiting Manila, besides visiting the beaches also, yes, I agree with other provinces like Laguna, Ilui Lohi, there's honestly so much, so much things that you can do. And again, Filipinos, we're very hospitable. We're going to welcome you with open arms as well. So just visit more provinces, not just the beaches. Okay. Thank you so much, guys, and see you guys when you have the next person. Let's go! What's your name and where you're from? I'm Dorean. I'm from Ibro, Poland. Poland. Yeah. And for how long have you been in the Philippines? About one or two weeks, a couple of weeks. Oh, okay. Have you encountered any culture shock when you came here for the first time? Yes, it was. It was culture shock, because people there are so kind, very kind. That's why I'm living here. Oh, so like, you move there, like you're planning to stay here for long or like for good? I'm planning to stay for long. Maybe one year, maybe more. Oh, okay. We'll see. Okay. And what did you know about the Philippines before coming here? Uh, where did I know? Yeah. From the internet, I guess, from Philippines. Uh, I heard that, and Philippines have good singers. Good singers, yeah. Yes. Oh, okay. And have you eaten any Filipino food in these two weeks? Unfortunately, no. No, but I will. You will. Okay, so I'm going to give you an advice whenever you're looking for food. Probably like to start, because you don't want to go super exotic. Maybe you can start with like, um, Caldera, it's like a beef. They have like beef caldera, so they have like, I don't know, but I think you have heard about that. And just before we go, any message to the Filipinos watching us right now? Message to the Filipinos, guys. Yes, yes. Just be kind. I love you guys. Filipinos, guys, the best guys. Whatever, mate. Okay, brother. Thank you so much, Mena. Appreciate for time, bro. What's your name? My name is Ana. Ana. Ana, Ana, Ana, okay. What do you guys from? I'm from Kazakhstan, Russia. Russia. And for how long have you guys been in the Philippines? It's around two years already. Five months. Five months? How living in the Philippines have changed you as a person? As a person, I like to say like, I'm become slimmer here. Because the weather is so hot, so I become more to how to say, shiny here, yeah, about the weather. Okay. I just read a lot of the Philippines. It's an interesting country and I like travel. You like travel? Yes, yes, yes. What is your favorite island or favorite beach in the Philippines? I think it's Paloan. Paloan? Yeah. What about you? It's Bajol. Bajol. Yeah. Okay. On your daily basis, have you adapted any habit from the Filipinos? Like since you have been here for like two years? Maybe it's bad being done. Oh really? Yes. I start to play badminton here. So just my last question. What advice would you give to a foreigner that wants to come to the Philippines? They have to try Bula Loh soup. Bula? It should be straight from Tagaytai, right? Yeah, it's amazing. Amazing. Thank you so much, you appreciate for time. Thank you so much. What's your name and where you from? And Tanda. And from Paloan. Paloan. Yeah. For how long you've been in the Philippines? For a couple of weeks. A couple of weeks. Why did you know about the Philippines before coming here? Well, I know that there are many content creators in here, quite creative country. And you know, I look into the world from the from TikTok perspective. I know that TikTok is really like in flying here. So and that's my curiosity. That's why I'm here because I'm a TikTok creator. Okay. Can you give shout out to your page? Yeah, don't pander. Don'tpander.show. Okay. Honestly, I own many TikTok channels, you know. I'm the owner of one of the biggest TikTok houses in the world, which is 11 million following at the moment. It's in the United States of America currently. Just subscribe to a part of family. Okay. That's my main TikTok account, my commercial one. And my personal is don't tander show. Don't pander. Okay. On the description blog, guys, you guys definitely need to check I mean, those channels out just before we go, what was your first impression of the Philippines? Yeah, I mean, look at this, Bija. See, yeah, look at this. It's highly developed city. I mean, it's great. I mean, it's very vibrant. It's very modern and it's very, you know, lively and I love it. Coming from you, I mean, from Europe, having counted any counter shock when you came here? Well, actually not, not so much because I used to work with Filipino guys when I worked for oil and gas on the shelf. I used to be an engineer working on a shelf in the middle of the sea. So I met lots of Filipinas there. So I had a little bit of background knowledge about those guys. So prior to the Philippines, I asked for advice from them. So, and they just said me, just go, you will like it. So I love it. And guys, are you located in BGC? Yeah, yeah. How is BGC? How safe is BGC for foreigners? Well, I mean, it's safe everywhere in here. I mean, because it's not only just about BGC. I've been to Pasic, I've been to Makati, I've been to Tagic, I've been to San Jose, I think so. And I felt, you know, I look like Filipino. I'm Asian, so I feel comfortable. But as you see from a side, I don't see much of the tension. So people are lovely, very friendly, helpful. I just love it. Okay. And before we go, any message to the Filipinos watching us right now? Guys, rocket, you know, you are very developing country, growing 8% yearly from GDP perspective. So we count on you. I mean, you're just showing good example. And you attract many guys like me. So count to your country, to contribute what I can, and be a part of this big story, you know. Okay, brother. Thank you so much, you appreciate for the time, man. Thank you. Thank you so much, brother. Thank you so much, man. I hope you guys have enjoyed this video. Please subscribe, you forever subscribe to the channel yet. And if there's a specific topic, let me know in the comments below. Once again, Christmas is on the way and New Year as well. Thank you so much. God bless me. God bless you. God bless us. I'm gone. No.