 I'm going to react to a Patreon requested video and it is another one of the festival videos. And I believe this is my fourth one already. It is such a pleasure every time I watch these Filipino festivals. They look so pretty, so colorful, so many, so much synchronization and dancing. And this one is called Tribu Dagat Non Drummers, Dinag Young Festival 2018. Alright, I hope you guys are ready because I am. Let's go! We can finally see the drummers up close. Look at all those instruments! Hey! Look at this guy. He is wearing Chicago Bulls hat. My man. Have you noticed all the microphones that are pointing to the instruments? That is probably because they are not recording the music, but just connecting the microphone to an amp so that they can play the sound louder through an amplifier. Hey! Damn! Woo! Wow! It must be so loud! Yo! Check the synchronization! Oh! So this video is actually all about the drummers. It's good, it's good. Because in the previous videos you watched the whole festival and you can hear the drums, but you can't see the artists and how they are playing. They are focused. Wow! Look at them! I love it when people collaborate like this. Hey! That's my favorite part when all their arms go up in the air and they pull. Oh! These guys are so fast! Woo! Yo! This live is something. The energy must be insane when you are there. Oh! Hey, broke it! They keep changing places. How many instruments do they play? These are professional drummers, man. Wow! They change the rhythm so many times. Very often. They change it very often. Oh! He's the conductor. I didn't notice him before. He's like this. Nice. Some of them are lazy, they're not jumping. Ringокра輳九號五號六號六號九號六號七號八號六號七號八號七號 pre camp The conductor is actually looking at the festival, at the dancers and everything just so that he can synchronize the music with the performance. How are they not tired? See he's giving them signs and everything. Sydney. Oh that was insane. It was so impressive. Oh my god. Yo this is not the type of thing that you should watch through a screen. This is something you have to experience live. I mean the energy that must emanate from all that, you know all that, those sounds and just pressure. I don't know how to explain it but like the number of different type of drums that they had there was insane. Yeah that was fantastic. It was awesome. The synchronization was so impressive and the speed they are so fast. It's crazy. Wow. It was such a pleasure to watch. Man I can only imagine how this must be like live. Yo it's insane. See I would love to be between the drummers and the dancers, you know the people with the costumes dancing. You need that sweet spot so that the music can hit you right in the ears and then boom you can watch the performance right in front of you. It was so good. It was so good. This video is 9 minutes long and I did not feel it because of the number of alterations that they make in like 30 seconds they alternate the rhythm like three times, three four times. It's crazy and some of them played like two to three instruments during the whole thing. I mean come on. Now that's talent. Yo. Penoys, penoys, so talented man they are so talented it's crazy. Well anyway let me know in the comment section below what you thought of these drummers, this tribu, they got none drummers they are fantastic. Anyhow, have a good day and I will see you in the next video. Peace out.