 Oh my god, I know that voice. Hahaha, that's so good. Oh wow. She is so good. Oh god. What's up Philippines? What's up Philippines? Welcome to another reaction video. I'm Mike. And I'm Nelly. We are two travel food and lifestyle vloggers based here in the beautiful city of Makati. We've been living here for the past year and we travel through this country for the past three years. So we have a lot of stories to tell about this amazing country. Right now we are still under quarantine so we decided to create this reaction channel which keeps us kind of busy and entertained and we hope for you too. So make sure to subscribe for more and check out our other videos and check out our main channel making it happen long which is pop-up right here. And we're out. Guys, we are getting very close to hitting 100,000 followers on Instagram. And I recently in a recent video I decided to sing and perform on my guitar a Tagalog Filipino song a very popular one. If I reach that goal, 100k by the end of August. So we need around 300 people per day to head on over there and hit that photo button. So do that for me. Thanks for watching. Alright. Okay. So, what do we do today? Okay Nelly, what are we reacting to today? Hahaha. Today we are reacting to a Filipino who does voiceovers for Philippine Airlines. And we know that voiceovers are really really hard. When we started doing YouTube we kind of said, oh yeah voiceovers. Easy. But once you do them, it's so, so difficult to give the words the right emphasis and the right feeling. And it's not easy. So I'm really looking forward to see this video and yeah. Let's see how it turns out. Yes. Okay, I'm going to make my mom repeat after me. My boohai. Oh my god. I know that voice. And welcome to Philippine Airlines. And welcome to Philippine Airlines. Oh, we've traveled with Philippine Airlines. Yes. Yes. And you recognize the voice? Yes. Okay, okay, let's see. Let's make another radio plug. But this time it's for twice. This is literally all I've been doing all my life. She actually sounds like she comes from California. Like the accent about your voice. And I can voice. When I was five years old, yeah, it's opened a lot of doors for me. Different opportunities like I did radio for eight years. Broadcasting life. But it will be because it will be not this. It is the station of the new generation. But it's basically always just about voice. Like all my jobs have always been around voice. All right, then tell me. Tell me. Do you think of someone else when you kiss me? For live voiceovers. I'm sure about there. At least an hour before the show starts. So I can read through the whole script. Because another thing is I'm dyslexic. So how they really need to go through the entire script to make sure that I'm not misreading anything. Happy Hunger Games. And may the odds be ever in your favor. Wow. She is so good. And knowing that she is dyslex, dyslex. This lexic is the word that he's trying to say. It's even tougher to do that job. Yeah, definitely. Big thumbs up for being able and just conquering that challenge. Yeah, so good. This is not a test. This is your emergency broadcast system announcing the commencement of the annual purge. I do facial exercises to kind of like work out. Because a big part of pronunciation is how you form. It's it's oral posture. So it's how you form your mouth when you say these words. A lot of people ask me if I drink cold beverages or whatever. I do. I love cold water. And what I'm most careful about is sleeping in an air conditioned room. Because the temperature of the air is cold and the air conditioning can dry out your mouth and your throat. So after doing our reaction videos. So true. Yeah, I noticed when I sit on it, we sit on any of the AC here. And actually we try and cool down the apartment before and then turn it off. Because when we're talking a lot in reaction videos, I noticed my throat going like. And also, every day in the morning when I wake up and we slept with the air conditioner. And I'm like, My case. And then I drink my first cup of coffee and like good morning ladies and gentlemen. I try not to sleep in any air conditioned rooms before a recording. My favorite tonic is salabat with honey. What? I'm turning the air conditioner on. Ah, so inspiring. Eat and tell them and see. We care about your safety. So I can't care about your safety. But her mom's also good. Here's something that I read just by coincidence. When I downloaded this video, I saw a comment that she comes after her mom. Her mom used to be apparently, I'm not 100% sure, a parent girl or mom used to be the voice of Philippine Airlines. And now she's the voice. Really? Oh wow. Yeah. That would be cool. Yeah. I think I can say, um, could we send your voice or an airline? And I'm like, yeah, sure. Go. And then they came back to me and they said, they do like a more specific sample. I'm like, yeah, sure. So I sent them a recording and then I got chosen. What do you think? I think so too. I do these voiceover things because I really enjoy it. I love the pursuit of looking for ways to do this. For ways to become better. They say beauty isn't the eye of the beholder. But at House Laboratories, we say, beauties how you see yourself. So that's what you see in all of my videos. It's just me trying to look for ways to, what else can I do? What else can I do with this? You know what I mean? The question. I wonder if she can impersonate other people. Probably. And just have different voices. Yeah. So good. George is really good. George, our friend George from Juicy Reacts, used to work for radio and we had jokingly him in a few blocks of ours doing some... He does a great German Clarkson. He does a fantastic, stewie and Peter Griffin from the family. Family guy. Nelly does a great impersonation of March Simpson, even though she's not trying to. Mm. Right. Wow. True. I get asked most often, is, are you the voice on Spotify? Unfortunately, no. What? But with Spotify Premium, you have unlimited skips. And you can listen to all your favorite songs without being known as. I do Tagalog spills. Like, for the Philippine Airlines, I did all their domestic in-flight spills, which was entirely in Pagalog. And then I asked them, is this okay? Do you like it? And Philippine Airlines said, yes, your Tagalog is great. I do the cinema, the opening and closing ceremonies live, so I can do Tagalog. The first episode of the first episode of Spotify. People have been asking me, I have a podcast. I just released a podcast. It's designed to help people. Wow. We've got to check that out. Go to sleep. It's called Sleeping Pill with Inca, the first episode of Spotify. People have been asking me how I take care of my hair, so I thought I'd make a little video. Can we hire him for all of these? It's so funny. I need some distraction when I go to bed. I just put on like a YouTube video. Actually, I watch car-cleaning videos, because it's very relaxing. But unfortunately, miss the speedy ads keep coming up. The litter, the litter, the litter, the litter, the litter, the litter. And I'm like, what? I've never known anything else. So I don't really know how it changed my life because this has been my life from the beginning. Wow. So inspiring. Yeah. She seems like such a cool person. Yeah. Okay. How was your first voiceover? How was my first voiceover? Yeah. You did a voiceover for one of the older vlogs. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's a lot of practice. You get into it after a while, but I still don't like doing it. Yeah. I prefer to vlog and just talk. Okay. So I did a voiceover for a... tourism ad. And I had to come in like we traveled to another country and we filmed this whole thing for one week. And then I had to come in again and do a voiceover. So I did the voiceover with a pro who was my friend in the ad. So when I heard her talking, I was like, oh my god, I don't know why they chose me. I don't know how to do this. This is so hard. And every time I said something, like we were talking to each other in the studio. And we pretended to be on the phone. Like I called this telling her about my vacation. Every time she said something, I felt so discouraged to kind of say it in a same way because she was so much better. But the more you practice, the better you get. But I have to say it's not for me. It's definitely not for me. It took me a lot of takes to just get the right feel in my voice. And it's just like you say it and the people behind say, like, can you just kind of add a little bit more excitement but not too much more emphasis on that but less on that. And I'm like, oh my god, this is... Can you sound excited in a less exciting way? Yes. I don't know what to say. But I really loved the result. So they took, I think, 20, 30 takes of one sentence. And then moved on to the next sentence. And moved on to the next sentence. So it was really, really intense. And after that, my throat was really like... Alright guys, we're going to wrap this up because I need to start filming the next video. Because every Thursday, we published a takeout Thursday video on our main channel making a hot block where we review Manila's best takeout. So I need to start filming that night. I can see this setting. It was getting delivered. So if you enjoyed this video, guys, give it a thumbs up if you knew around here. And if you're subscribed to the post notifications, that is the number one way how you can support us here on this channel. And we will see you guys next time on... What's up, Philippines? Bye-bye. She steals my bye-bye. Yes! Find your own bye-bye! That's my bye-bye. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this. I'm going to make a video about this.