 I'm not going to let you know. Oh, dance, dance, dance with my hands, hands up on my head, head, head, head, like Jesus said I'm not a dance, I'm not, I'm not, and because you think you're a man. You know, people say, why? You're an old man. In your early 60s, why would you start over? Why? It's just the time of your life to enjoy your life. Be free from responsibility of children. Go out and do the things you always wanted to do. Well, this is why. Figure this beautiful son of mine. Alright, this is what life is about to me. This is my dreams. I messed it up when I was young. This is my start with my boy, with Lady Jazz, with the Zab Zab, with the Lee J. Yes, this is why. I know what it's about. Bless you son. You only too? Okay, buddy. This is what it's all about for me. I don't need the party and the drink and the flirt around, running the roads. You know? I've got the twilight years here raising the son of mine, with those Zab Zab and Lee J. Spending time with Lady Jazz. I'm sorry for my past. I messed it up, but this is my future. This is why I do what I do now. This is why it's all for them. Love you son. Bad times coming. Love you baby, Sky. I love you my son. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Probably not going to post this today. Sunday afternoon, 22 January. See the wheelbos there. It's where Zabena put it when I was walking around the property earlier. She bought the wheelbos out and she was going to pick up stones and garbage. And she was doing it until I walked back into the house and she just stopped and took off. Now, somebody's burning stuff again. Blue. She's by the bridge, rolling that big black tire back across the bridge because she rolled it across here. She rolled it into the yard and I leave it on the other side where it's been forever. Oh, she's mad because she's not helping her. So she gives him a little shove. Anyway, brother Jay and family is back. He hopped and tricycle. They probably went to the market or something. And brother Jay C took off on the scooter. He's going to pick us up some survey. It's still the weekend. That's my thing here. I don't know. I might have a few more beers tomorrow. Cowboys play tomorrow morning, 7 30 Philippines time in the morning. Play the San Francisco 49ers. So I'm either going to celebrate or pass my sadness with a few surveys. Depending on the outcome of the game. Roboys. Get lucky. He's happy. He bites back. He's first getting out. He's burning these days out with the Kubo. Just out of my hunt back. That's her baby chore. Poor girl. Time to get Jay-Jah engaged to get some help. Hang on a second. I just refocused. Is the morning they're back to putting the tire back to where she got on the other side. Hopefully not in the driveway. They want to play with them. They want to leave everything. Where they drop it. See that? Is he Jay? She got there. He stopped and back he comes. That boy. I tell you man. He's old about EJ. Okay. Anyway, it's just nothing to video today. Except for the day itself. So probably not going to post this till tomorrow. Add it on to something coming up tomorrow. I don't know. I'm going to say, let me pause and go check out the neighborhood burning again. Look who just looked up at me. Oh, he's eating. Now the neighbor's burning there. Looks like they're roots of the bamboo over there. At least everything around it. That's up to them. I guess maybe they'll come back later and dig them up. Man, that bamboo boy. I got some tough roots in the ground. It's hard to get all that stuff off. You got to dig it in every little burrata. Shubbles and picks. You name it. Not a bad little scenery thing there, is it? It took me a picture. More garbage to pick up. Oh man. Just. We'll get there. Peace by peace. Another eye saw, I think I've shown that before. That tree fell into the house. Everything is the body going to be cleaned up. But I'm not going to clean it. It's done on my property. Anyway. I still haven't got my string. I'm almost concerned. I might lose some property. I don't know. People said it comes in on the other side of that tree. But I think it's probably going to come in on this side of the tree once I go from that mohone over there. All the way back this way. Back over the under. Right over there in that corner somewhere. Right over in between there somewhere. There's my other mohone. Anyway, we'll get it set up. I'm not going to take anything that's not mine. That's why I want to string it up. So I know where to run my wall. There's a lot of leaves. I'm going to just have a daily tour of picking sweet that up. Yep. Eventually I want to get my chicken coop back here. Somewhere behind the property. I was talking with Lady Jazz. I'm going to resurrect the shed back there. Either on this side or that side. Take it from here. Whatever materials I can salvage from this. We can reuse. We can just put this area up. I want to put like a concrete foundation over here eventually. So we have gas over with a roof over it. We don't want to entertain up there. We entertain them outside over here and put out door CR here somewhere. Something small with a smaller shower in it that other Jake can use. Right now they just shower. They do that red cooler. They feel that with water and they shower with the tubble. And then when they go to the CR, the twosies. They have to go all the way back to the metal thing back there. It's funny. The video is important to it. But in real life my fingers point towards my chalk. The deception of the cameras and stuff and everything. You always got to question what you see sometimes. I'm just going over my mind taking notes what I need. But the Jay to do. He starts work tomorrow. It's good to have a trusted family member working for you. It helps them out and then helps you out. Plus he's got a lot of skills. His young age. He's 26 or 27. So anyway, we're going to put all those to use. Put all those to use. I'm recording my accident. And move forward. And I think I'm on a mission. I'm so alive. They're not bright enough to really see goodbye. Just basically for obvious. We're going to get that up too. I just got to figure out what I want to do first. Because soon we want to have some gas over. So I'm going to work on the Miranda thing. Getting those things up. Cutting the rebar down. And what I'm contemplating is silly uses. And the cladding is to basically those concrete stamps. Or to some off of either a shoppy or a lasada. And then when we put the concrete up there, smooth it up. Or whatever enough there. And then we're going to stamp it. And then we can choose the colors we want. And kind of go from there to a cheaper version. Might take a little bit longer. Hey. It is what it is. There's now on the other side. Anyway, so that's just a little tidbit. Just talking about here. We've got it open to the pigeon thing. Maybe that's why we call them home pigeon. Because they never stay home. I don't know. I still got to talk to brother Jay so you can finish the forest in the other half of the cubo that they're living in. They're staying in. Looks much better on the left side than the right side of the original. Faded. Coming up. I don't know. March or April. It might have been a March April of May. I have to go back and look and see when we got it and had it hauled out here. If we do another one, it's going to be a larger one. We're going to have it built to anyway. Right there, I think is where we're going to move the cubo to. We're going to have a concrete foundation here and move it from there to here. That's what Lake Jazz says. So we'll see if that's still her plan. There's Jason Kim with the door and the cubo. There's some dope goats we've already chased off once. This side of the bridge that's coming back again. All right folks. I won't take your time up any more. For this little particular shot. See if I can find something interesting to put up here. Thank you, watch. Please like, share, subscribe, and comment. We're at 813. We're at 814 for somebody. Somebody left us where at 813 now. So we're getting closer. Slowly but surely. Thank you guys.