 Good morning YouTube, McGendang Umaga. What's up and welcome to today's video. Where were you when I ate the balloon? Why were you there? The people wanna know. I can see some bones. I was at work. That's just an excuse. Not an excuse, I literally happened. Normally, normally you work from home, you just happen to coincidentally have to go to the office on the day that I ate balloon. And the people have spoken. They wanna see you eat balloon. So, it's this. I can't hear anyone. Well, I hear as the ringing in my ears. Play! Do what you see, balloon. The balloon. Chloe. My balloon double. I can see that those words are coming out of your mouth. I don't know what you're talking about. Now, if this video gets 10 comments, sharing an egg emoji, Chloe says she'll eat blue. Didn't you go? 10,000. 10 comments. 10,000. 10 comments, everybody. That's all we need. Now, in today's video, we're gonna be making and eating let your koalie. It's gonna be delicious. We're gonna make the sauces. We're gonna eat and it's gonna be fabulous. Yeah. Deep fried pork. I can't say I'm not into it. I can't. I'm squeezing your butt right now. That's not my butt. No, what was that? My back. The The A really great thing about Letchon Koalie is that it doesn't actually have a huge amount of ingredients. Obviously we have the Letchon and we're gonna be using pork belly. We've got a kilo of that and we salted it yesterday. Now, to make our pork belly or our Letchon even more delicious, we'll be boiling it and deep-fat frying it. And when we're boiling it, we're gonna boil it in garlic, soy sauce, aka toil, black peppercorns, and bay leaves. And then we have the flavor enhancers of the lecchan, the dippy-dippy, which I absolutely adore. So we have two dippy-dippies for today. One is our sour-sauce, one, which is gonna be a mixture of onions, vinegar, soy sauce, and chilies. And then we have the lecchan, none, salsa. Let's see, is that the road we're out? Salsa, none, let's show it. I think you're right. Yes. I've never experienced before, have you had it? I think we've had it, like, that's the dippy-dippy that we get when we get, when we got it, oh, drum, and, um, we. What Chloe's trying to say is we have had it before, and I have a terrible memory. And the ingredients that we're gonna be using for that today will be fancy vinegar, apple cider vinegar, livers bread, onion, garlic, breadcrumbs, brown sugar, bacon fat, and salt, and pepper. What do you say? It was, when we got it from what's that place in the Tutin Market call? Addings. Addings. Big shout out to Addings, great Filipino food in Tutin. I wanna give you a Kalamansi plant update. This is very exciting. I think we almost have enough Kalamansi to make something, like a seasick. Which we've only done once before, and I think it'd be quite fun to do again. So, so many, so many types, like seasick pizza. This one is pretty much ready to go. There's one there. We've got one brewing just up there, like a good old fart. Good life, folks. That is the Kalamansi update of the month, hopefully. Hopefully in maybe six day weeks, we'll be able to pull them off and make something with actual real fresh Kalamansi for you. Piano music plays The last one is on the hop, boiling at the moment, So the less you'll know the pork belly is on the hob boiling at the moment and once that's boiled and cooked where we want it to be, we're going to stick it in the oven to dry out the skin before we deep-fat fry it. So that's already done. We just now need to make our sasa non lecchan. Or was it lecchan non sasa? Not sure. But I do understand there is a popular lecchan sauce in the Philippines. Yeah, I think it's called like mantama or something. Okay, well the Thomas sauce, we don't have that today, we're going to be making it from scratch. I was thinking it would have been quite nice to have it to compare it. Oh, that looks nice. Let me show you the boiling lecchan. I think we're going to give it five more minutes. So once that's done boiling, we're going to stick it in the oven to dry out the skin and then we just got a deep fat fry. And also we're going to make some rice to go with it. Before we started filming, I put a piece of my mouth because I was feeling greedy. And the play was like, why are you doing that without Debbie Deppie? Do you want to put it on? See if you've already put that in your mouth. Thank you. I'm so hungry. Oh, roll it all. Here in the absolute treat. Obviously it's crispy. It's got that sticky texture right? It grips your teeth. Crunch is beautiful. The vinegar. Vinegar. Oh, this is spicy. Cheers everyone, Hong Kong. Mum and Tai. To go, Hong Kong. Mum and Tai. Cheers. It's been a while since I had a sippy sip of the Red Horse. Been a very long time in fact, because before the holiday, I was having the problems with my heart. So I was dreaming. I was thinking, what better way than to celebrate a healthy heart than to have the heart stopper itself? The deep fried leccion. Deep fried pork belly. Okay, so I'm going to try this lung, this leccion sauce. Yeah, we're always trying to be as honest as possible on this show, on this channel. So I don't want to pretend like I like anything. And it smelled terrible. And it didn't taste great when we were tasting it. I've seasoned it, but the aftertaste was really strong. But maybe it tastes better like with meat. I get a generous portion. Punle Song Pinoy. Shout out to Punle Song Pinoy, who's recipe this was. He suggested actual pork liver, whereas we went for the liver spread. It's not bad. It's not bad. I'm conjuic and more salt. And grab some. It has an aftertaste. I don't know if it's the liver spread. I think it's just liver in general, how about that? Is that right? You know, I guess not all patty, as I could be garfted to. But it's kind of got that patty vibe. Really impressed with the way the pork belly came out though. It's got a really nice crispy layer on the top, and then the succulent pork in the centre. Which hasn't, do you hear my throat then? And on the interior, it's succulent. It's not overdone. It's come through really nicely. I think this is the most success we've had. I think with the crispy pasta that we made, if you haven't seen that video, check it out. We made the crispy pasta. The meat itself, I think, was a little bit too far. I think it could have been slightly more tender, whereas I think we've really now held this in terms of the tenderness of the belly. It wasn't far enough, you mean? Yes. I'm going to go in a bit of rice, a bit of pork, a bit of sauce. I'm really glad you don't just agree with everything I say, because if you did, I didn't think anything would be honest, because I'm always forgetting. I could have sworn the patto was too far gone. Oh, it was too chewy. It wasn't boiled for long enough to make it tender. So we used about half of our pork belly, because... Well, this is all of the pork belly. Okay, this is all... I thought we were using half because we were going to make back all the way. Well, this is a killer of pork belly, which is quite a lot for two people to eat. So I thought we would save half. We'd make packs you with the liver sauce stuff, because that's what people do apparently. Mm-hmm. We've left over... We have to be disciplined with this, and only half. Because, yeah, we're going to use the leftover to make the pack of sauce. Pack soup. Are you sure? I'm not trying to make this pack of sauce. And P-A-K-S-I-W. Oh, I thought that was an eye pack of sauce, baby pardon. Well, we're going to be making packs all with this, and the sauce, and... Pack soup. Okay, we're going to be making that with this, and this, and Chloe made a stock with the lecjon water. Yes. There's a bloody fly in here. I'm going to get some of that liver spread. Salsa one, non lecjon. Salsa. Mm-hmm. I'm lecjon. Mm-hmm. Alright. I'm living my best life with this rice. It's salsa one in Lecjon, combat. Mm-hmm. You're using calorie. I probably touched my spoon. I mean, really, this is definitely a less calorie, the better meal. Yeah. And the rice that I made a while ago, which I thought was a disaster. It's actually quite good. It's very sticky, very fluffy. I think there really has to be something said about eating it with your bare hands, dipping it in the salsa one, getting like the residue of the vinegar, dippy, dippy on your fingers, and then... Scooping it up with some rice. A little finger finger, licky, licky. Yeah. That was kind of weird. How this differs from crispy patty, in a way that I quite like, is that you get even servings of things. Mm-hmm. And they become wonderful vessels for moving the salsa one and the rice into your mouth. It's great. Oh, it's really good. It's so good. We deep fried it in the fat that we used or the oil, I should say, that we used for the lumpia. And when it was coming to temperature, it really smelled like lumpia in there. Mm-hmm. We've got, like, infused within our Lecjon gualé. Just the smell. A aroma of lumpia. It's so good. That's beautiful. I forgot what the lumpia tasted like until I got the smell of the oil. I love making these videos and getting to you this food. I'm so good. It's so good. And it's definitely not something you'd probably go eye your way to make on a Sunday night. But we make the videos so we get to make the food. Six months ago, when we made a synagogue, probably would have thought the same thing. Unlike the one that will make this without having the incentive for a video. Since then, we've been making synagogue. We've been having it all the time. The videos help us discover stuff. Mm-hmm. And learn a ton about, obviously, the culture of the Philippines, the food. But then it just ends up becoming or being ingrained in our lives. Yeah, for sure. Like, I make a dobo in synagogue all the time. You made a dobo the other day. When I was thinking about how I wanted to make tinno-no again, out of the weather's planning. Mm-hmm. Great if your breastfeeding as well. Mm-hmm. Cool. Someone messaged me a while ago. I mentioned the dobo burger that someone had made on, like, a good morning America. Right. Like, Gordon Ramsay had, like, a judicated. A cooking show in the morning, and they bought a recipe for the dobo burger. I was thinking we should make it. Yeah. Like, an dobo-infused burger. Mm-hmm. Is it a beef patty or a pork patty? Well, like, what I would think, I thought I would do. Just a regular, really good solid beef patty. Yeah. And then do, like, pulled pork, but, like, a dobo-poor pork. Mm-hmm. And then have, like, a pile of that in the burger. In the burger. Well, that sounds great. I was just going to say, shall we, um, if you want to know the piece, take another piece, but... No, I'm good. We need it for the pakasol. Paksu. I'd say this is less than half. Yeah. But it's fine. Oh, it's fine. We can always supplement with extra pork belly. What about getting some of that vinegar? Oh, I did that. It's really good. Well, taking their vinegar, dip it in sauce, someone. I'd put it on their rice. I'm doing a terrible job with my pronunciation tonight. Sal, so on. Sal, so on. My Tagalog teacher and I literally sat probably four or five minutes, repeatedly saying, sal, so on, just because I couldn't get it right. But I swear I'm saying exactly like she is. Like, the pakasol earlier. I just thought there was an ionic, pakasol. E, pakisol. There is an ionic, but it packs you. Ooh, that's why I'm going there. What was the highlight? It was. It was wonderful. All of it was great. I really liked having it with the rice. I mean, I may as well just eat that. I feel a bit sick. Okay. So probably, probably was enough for me. Like, I didn't eat very much, but it was definitely enough. I can't fault it. It's like creamy meat and it's also crispy. And it goes down well with a red horse on set. No, I'm okay, thank you. Remember when you wanted to make red horse ice cream? Yeah, we never got round to that. No, you never got round to it. There's another video everybody who wants to see Chloe make red horse ice cream on me, Eat it all. But for our next video, we will be making pakissue. Pakissue. Cut. Next video we're going to be making pakissue. We hope you enjoyed this video. I think crispy pata still remains my favourite, deep fat fried, letchall. I think I preferred crispy pata. I followed the recipe and it said to cut them into strips so you get more like crispy surface area. But I think that's what's making me feel ill is that like more of it was fried. But those are the crispy pata. Owning the outside was fried. So it was like you get some of that succulent internal juiciness and like some of the crispy skin. I didn't feel like it was as oily and fatty as it was. I would be curious to have it with the dipi dip, mung tumas. That is much nicer with the meat than it is just tasting the sauce on its own. Yeah, there's a strange aftertaste. If you have too much, I'll don't do that, you're ruined, you're dinner. Let's see how red horse goes though. Still good. Red horse is bulletproof. You can have it with anything. Excellent. Well, we hope you enjoyed today's video. If you did, make sure you give it a thumbs up. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't already and turn the bell notifications on while you're at it. Bling! Just switch them on, you know? Because that way you'll get notified when we make and eat pakisu. Pakisu. Pakisu. And on that note, I'll see you soon. Makita Uletayo. Paala. Paala. Paala. Bye, everybody. Bye.