 Okay, okay. How was it? I'm going to go to the bathroom today. I wanted to change it up a little bit. And that is why I'll be reacting to a video that basically I think will explain to us how and why Filipinos drink and enjoy drinking. The title of this video is Philippines 101, Filipino drinking etiquette. Which one are you? All right, so it's no secret that Filipinos love to drink. And I believe that they have like this particular brand of beer that they drink a lot. And since I react to a lot of Filipino music and performances and also random Filipinos, you know, that's saying while using their karaoke machine, there is something, you know, that you can notice right away. Is that usually they gather, gather around food and alcohol. That probably helps them loosen up and deliver the best karaoke performances ever. Okay, but I am curious to learn more about it. And that is why I'll be reacting to this video. But before we start, make sure to follow me on Instagram because that is where you can DM your suggestions and without further ado, let's jump right into it. Criminal drinking is a vital part of Filipino culture. From the smallest birthday parties to downtown Fiesta, Filipino's just can't seem to get together without having a few drinks on the table. However, believe it or not, amidst the chaos, boys and age-old order, welcome to Philippines 101. And this is Filipino drinking etiquette. Oh my God, I'm not actually laughing about the topic of this video. I'm laughing because the dude presenting the topic is super funny. His facial expressions are funny and his accent is funny. Oh wow, all right. Following the opening of the bottle, the tangaro, also called the ganna, and one of the distinctive characters of the drinking culture in the Philippines, as soon as any part of the movie is so happy. Now prior to the commencement of the festivities, a small portion of the information liquid is he has a British accent? Is that British? I think it's British accent. Poured into the cap, this subsequently emptied onto the ground. This ceremony of the drink to the spirits is considered essential for a safe and devil-free situation. Oh, this reminds me of the tradition of throwing salt, right? I think it's salt over your shoulder, right? I don't know why they do it though, you know? It's for luck, maybe? I'm not sure, but you know, it's very reminiscent of that. Yeah, the arrow pulls the drink every time, measuring the liquor by our participants and not given individual glance. This is an accordion for the spirits. I love it, man. Saga, which means a show of trust, camaraderie, and in these days, a united willingness to enter in a COVID-Russian rule as drinkers share a common glass passed in a round-robin sequence. It is frowned upon to take a pass. This is exactly what it looks like in the videos of Filipinos that sink karaoke, you know? This is exactly it. They are just gathered around the table and sometimes there isn't even food. It's just glasses and, you know, the bottles and they're just drinking and passing the mic to each other, you know? It's exactly that. But when a drinker is excessively intoxicated, a substitute from within the group must consume the short and the drinker's place without affecting his or her own turn. Oh my God. It's like a game sequence. It is customer-y post-consumption to return the short glass to the center of the table or hand it directly to that tangaro to be refilled. So they all drink from the same glass? Oh no, no, no, no, no. I don't need anybody else's germs. Come on, man, especially nowadays, right? Not a good idea. For the next drinker, the composition of every drinking session varies. However, it is important to familiarize oneself with these carriages has to be a way of the characteristics. Away. The drunken master. A legend gifted. Now he does not sound English anymore. That's weird. Which accent is that? Is that Australian mate? I don't know. Immunity from inebriation. Usually left for the task of cleaning up after all the sand. Oh, done. The walking did. This creature's will to stay conscious. This white consuming, overwhelming amount of alcohol is commendable and allows it to continuously engage with the group. I'll be it from a half dead state. The escape artist. A capable of sudden disappearances. It leaves unnoticed bringing with it its share of the bill. The way the usual castle is troubled. It transforms. It's an aggro and overcoated with every shot. The concept queen. There we go. There we go. We got the singer, you know? And this happens very often, apparently, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. A frustrated vocalist. This creature, Bo Garthi Kerio Kimishi. There you go. For validation. Uh-huh. Sleeping beauty. With its load tolerance for alcohol. This creature lacks the ability to stay conscious with its introduction in its bloodstream. Because it is immobilized early on in the session. The sleeping beauty is the primary target for embarrassing photos and unwarranted facial duties. The runner. The one task with the acquisition and logistics of essentials. Have you guys seen the TV show that 70s show? Well, if you have, or if you haven't, they have this scene every time. So basically, it's a show about a bunch of teenagers, I think they're six or something like that, who love to hang out together and smoke pot. So what they do sometimes is they go in the basement, all right? And they sit around a table, smoke pot. And in that specific scene, the camera is like, in between them. It's on the table and it's filming their face. And it goes around and around and around to each person, right? And this scene right here, the way this video is shot, really reminds me of that scene in that 70s show. Plyce to perpetuate the drinking station. Such as ice and bees. One privilege of the runner is that it's able to choose the food it likes to be consumed by the group along with the alcohol. You see, for Filipinos, no drinking station is complete without the accompaniment of the food. Usually, you have the busy and fatty variety. This is called bolota. Bolota. Filipino word, bolot, meaning tupeca. Now, it is acceptable for drinkers to grab small bites in between shots. This is to remove the bitterness from the alcohol, and as well as prolonged intoxication, the food is hoped to slow down alcohol, entering the bloodstream. Exactly. It is unacceptable, however, to consume the bolota with rice as it is meant to be shared and not to be hordered and treated like a meal. In the event that Greece or fat is unavailable, inexpensive nuts and chips are usually the vulnerable alternatives, including some born out of creative ingenuity. Chuna and Conto cracker. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I mean, is that really good? Come by. You can't believe that it's good. Come by. In Japanese, is the Filipino way of... Sing cheers. The clinking of glasses and the partaking of a shared beverage containing every participant's DNA is meant to honour old friendships, celebrate new ones, and in certain situations, possibly ever at once up from being violated with a sharp piece of metal designed to break up ice. Wagmugo and Kani no Hami. Oh, my God. We can see his ass crack. Bain, wuganano. Oh, my God. That was great. I really like how this video was shot. It was nicely done. He clearly thought of a script beforehand. Honestly, it was awesome. I personally, I'm not a drink. I have never drank. I have tasted, I think, a couple of times, you know, just a little bit, but honestly, even this smell of alcohol is not appealing to me. But that doesn't mean that I do not know how to let loose and have fun. Since I haven't drank my entire life, I am used to having fun without a drop of alcohol in my body. I mean, I still remember in high school when we went clubbing. My friends actually thought I was drunk, you know, but I wasn't. I hadn't drank anything. But I know how to have fun with people. You know, it's not a problem. So I think I will fit in just fine with Filipinos when they are having these drinking sessions. But I won't be drinking. I'll be eating, but I won't be drinking. But I will still manage to have fun. Although I have never sang karaoke. So I'm pretty sure that my first time will be in the Philippines. I won't be a karaoke virgin no more. All right, that was a lot of fun. Let me know the comment section below. If you've been part of one of these drinking sessions before, do you like it? Do you not like it? I don't know. Aramim, maramim, salam, ma'at. Paul, thank you so much for watching. And of course, if you found value in this video, then do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.