 Okay, so there's a lot of generalizations out there about why an American like myself would want to seek out and Mary a Filipino woman and why a Filipino woman would want to seek out and Mary an American man. I mean like people think like what are we crazy? Like one day we just decided to go online, find each other, or we met on Facebook and thought hey It would be really fun if I got in a relationship with a woman that was thousands and thousands and thousands of miles away across the seas. You are crazy. You are a ghost of you crazy. So with that being said so many people make up all these different crazy ideas about well the women and the Philippines they just do it out of the seat. You know they just want the money they just want to come to America to get out of poverty or whatever right and say oh well that man just he's just controlling and he's an ego driven man and he just wants a wife to be a servant and all that stuff right and while you know there might be some people out there that are like that it's far and a few between So do you want to know the real truth? Really? When God created us, He gave us these instincts to survive, to reproduce. He created this energy called masculinity and He also created this energy of femininity. Okay? So you have masculine energies and feminine energies. When I'm talking about masculine energy and feminine energy, what I am talking about is every person, whether you're a man or a woman, can wear these energies and has these energies within them. So a man can have masculine energy and feminine energy and a woman can have masculine energy and feminine energy. But a specific man and a specific woman, depending on how they are raised and the environment and culture they are raised in, will always express one energy more so over than the other. And if they are denying the things that fuel that energy, they will not be happy. So I'm going to tell you a little story. But before I do that, I want to explain just a little bit about law of attraction. Okay? Everybody knows the old saying, obviously, it's a tract. That is 100% sure and accurate. And we're not talking about personalities. We're not talking about if she likes kittens, which she does. She looks kittens. She looks cut. Or I like dogs. I love Penny. She's my dog. I'm a dog person. Love dogs. But you know what? I got a cat too. We're not talking about interest. We're not talking about if she likes music or if I like music. We're not talking about if I like fast cars and she likes boats. That is not what we're talking about when we're discussing attraction. What we're talking about is the two energies masculine and feminine energy. In order for two people to have a physical and sexual attraction to each other, there has to be a polarity between those in order for that attraction to happen and polarity, what that is, is that's opposites. There has to be a masculine energy and a feminine energy for true attraction to happen. So what do you think happens when you have a man that has a very high masculine energy and you have a woman that has a very high masculine energy as well? Maybe because she developed that growing up. Is that what you're coming here digging into my business, getting into my life? I'm done trying to win over people's hearts. Or you left the home. We can work with fear. Are they going to attract? No, they won't. However, sometimes one of them puts on a mask and puts that feminine energy mask over them because deep down, that's what they want to do, right? They want to find somebody of the opposite sex. You know, if it's a woman they discover makeup, they discover sexy clothes, they discover all these masks that bring out their femininity, right? Men, what do they do? They go to the gym, they work out, they get muscles, you know, why it's a mask. It brings out their masculine energy so that they can attract the opposite, right? However, depending on how much of a mask that really is, determines if that relationship is going to be successful long term because if I'm putting on a mask pretending to be this buff guy, you know, and masculine manly man, and she's pretending to be this goddess, you know, this super feminine woman, and then after we get married, you know, me, the manly man, you know, I turn in that it's kind of wimp, right? This kind of wimp, it's just like scared of everything, right? And I am a more emotional person than she is. And the best part is is like, I want to spend all my time with her, like all my time. I can't wait, you know, I'm just, oh my god, I need you, I need you, I need you, right? That would be toxic. So if I did that, what do you think would happen eventually? Do you think that attraction, physical attraction, and sexual attraction, and that passion and that relationship could actually suffer a little bit? You know, if I turned in to be somebody different, right? Yeah, they could. So I gave that example just to give a basic understanding of, you know, how the masculine and the feminine energies work. Once again, things that could have been brought to my attention yesterday. Let me tell you a little story to help you understand why an American like myself or why a Filipino woman would want to connect and be with together, even though, you know, we have to go through everything. We know we got to meet somehow. We've have to be in a long distance relationship for a very long time. And we have to then hope to get a visa. So she can come here. Then we've got to go through a process of getting her to be a resident here or so we can be together or maybe the man who's going to go to the Philippines, who knows, whatever, because that happens a lot too. There's so many obstacles that are going to drive you apart. And, you know, that realistically should kill a relationship, right? Everyone knows that long distance relationships aren't the healthiest things for relationships, right? Right. But why does it work so well? Why are we willing to take such a big risk of our heart and a big risk of our time to be together? And once I tell you this story, you're going to understand 100% and be able to relate. Once upon a time, there was this little girl that was born into this world in the United States of America was the sweetest, most gentlest, kindest loving, caring, just loved people, loved everything, loved butterflies, loved little caterpillars, you know, loved the dogs, loved the cats, just loved all men, loved all women. It's like they just this big bundle of joy and love, right? And she was dressed in pink, non-stop and had a pink room and had a pink everything. Then as this little girl grew up, her environment of wherever she grew up, okay, let me be very, very, very clear. By all means, this is not the case for everybody in the world or everybody in the United States. So this little girl grows up in an environment where she's taught to be very independent. Daddy, I'm scared. Come on, Mindy, honey. Be a big girl now. There's nothing to be afraid of. Is it going to hurt bad? Oh, child. Only for a second sugar. To not depend on a man. To most importantly, not need a man. Make your own life be independent. You don't need a man. Of course it's going to take you all your feet for sure, but it's really no more painful than a bunch of the chest. I can't even push the chest. You're going to be fine, baby doll. It's conditioned into that person's brain. You don't need a man. Man, our nice, but you don't need them. How was that? That's so bad. Kind of fun, huh? Yeah, you know how it feels. You won't be scared when some chunky asshole pulls the glove. Okay, you may want a man, but you don't need a man. We want to make sure that we raise you never to need a man. Can I get a puppy? You want to get a dog. Yeah, I can't really love you one. And a Brut's movie star makeover Sasha. Happy Birthday sweetheart. Now at the same time, thousands and thousands of miles away in a country called the Philippines. The same thing has happened. However, this woman has been born. Same thing, you know, where's pink? Where's that? You know, and has all those cute, girly things and really feminine and has a great feminine energy to her. And then as she grows up, grows up, grows up. Okay, what do you think is happening in the Philippines? And her surroundings has conditioned her to believe you do need a man. You honor a man. You love your man no matter what. You be there for your man. You care for your man. You care about your man's needs. If you need a man for a family, you need a man for a good, strong family foundation. So this woman is being taught that men aren't just bad. They're good. We really need them. We need them in this world, right? We need men. So you've got two separate people, two separate beliefs right now. That's forward a little bit. So this woman has a couple of boyfriend through high school and even in college. And what happens is she gets hurt. You know, she gets brokenhearted. You know, it happens to the best of everybody. She gets hurt. She gets brokenhearted. So all of a sudden, you know, she kind of puts that masculine mask back on again, right? Because a masculine person can't get hurt. The masculine energy is strong, right? So we don't want to be hurt. So they put that back on. What hurts? Oh, man, it does. Then they see their friends getting married and doing this and doing that. So then they say, hey, you know what? I kind of want that family thing. You know, I don't need a man, but I kind of want that family thing. I want that husband. I want whatever anybody else has on Facebook. Okay. So she then puts that feminine mask on again to attract that man and then eventually husband. But meanwhile, what the husband doesn't know is this. She is writing a book and it's not men are from Mars, women are from Venus. No, no, no, no. The title of her book is women are from Venus. I know my man is from Mars, but once we're married, it won't take long for me to make sure that he permanently relocates to Venus and never goes back. To Mars. To Mars. Did you show me how this works? It's pretty basic really. You just put your arms through here and then your head through here and bring it up. So once this man has been married for a while, maybe they have kids, maybe they don't. He's kind of been in Venus for a while, right? I didn't realize I had to tell you every time I want to take a dumb life. So now these two people are married, right? After she wrote that book and then she's followed that book to a blueprint. Like her mission was keep him in Venus. She's done a pretty darn good job of that, right? Make sure to call me right when you get to the hotel, not like that conference in Phoenix. Do wait two hours for you to call me. Yeah, I was the keynote speaker. I was late to the podium. Still? Yeah, you're totally right. I'm sorry. Everybody's heard this term somewhere out there in the world. Happy wife. Happy life. I think the same person that wrote the book I just talked about wrote that. I do begin. I miss you. Because one day while residing in Venus, because that's what makes his wife happy, he just doesn't feel like himself. So he says, you know what? I need to go back to Mars for a little bit. You know, it's just maybe a day or maybe a week. I just need I need to go back to Mars. I need to be there. But as he makes this suggestion to go back to Mars, the wife at this time then says, you know, let me remind you of something. I don't need you. I want this marriage. I want what we have, but I don't need you. If you think you need to go to Mars, then you by all means go to Mars. But let me tell you something. When you come back, there will be no sex. You'll be sleeping on the couch. That's if I'm even here when you get back. So then the man has a choice to make. It's like, holy cow. If I go to Mars, I'm going to lose everything that I love. If I go to Mars, but if I don't go to Mars, I'm going to lose myself. Is he all there? Like mentally? I think so. It's just an odd guy. It's kind of weird. I mean, should we be worried? No. No. No. No. Tracy didn't mention that. We shouldn't let him gamble or drink too much. Jesus, he's like a remnant. It's an obstruction to shit. So this man is in a pickle. You know, he has to choose between two things. If he goes to Mars, he's going to lose everything he loves. Everything he's known. However, if he doesn't go to Mars, he's going to lose everything he is. He's going to lose his soul. And a man with no soul. My eyes will be dead. So meanwhile, halfway around the world and another country in the Philippines, the woman over in the Philippines was the complete opposite of this other woman. Expresses that, you know, she needs a man. She wants a man. She wants this. She wants that. However, through her life, everything has happened the same way, but flipped, where she is left with choices. She is left with a choice. Either stay or start a relationship where she is not going to be able to be her true self or search outside of her country for a relationship where she can be her true self. So when we talk about the real truth behind why an American man or a Filipino woman would want to seek a relationship in each other's countries, the real reason that truth has everything to do with our DNA, with how we are born and how we are made up. Nobody wants to live their life wearing a phony mask and being somebody they're not. So there is a good chance that the people that are pursuing this type of relationship, they are willing to take the risk for love. They are willing to do whatever it takes. They are willing to go in a long distance relationship. They are willing to put in that effort in that long distance relationship because deep down inside instinctively, they know that when they are in that relationship, they will be able to be the best versions of themselves. That is the real truth. That is why there are so many more American men wanting to be with Filipino women and Filipino women wanting to be with American men. It's so that they're allowed to be the best versions of themselves. We want to thank you for visiting our channel. We really hope that you enjoyed our video and please don't forget to click like and subscribe. And remember, keep it real.