 Morning folks, January 21st, 2023. Somewhere over 26, 30, 7 a.m. in the morning. Baby Sky got in menu. I want to call it the toy. It's an oversized bassinet looking thing. The meagre swing, baby swing. It's really big. I don't think it's going to be that big. It's really kind of high. I said, the jazz should barely get over it reaching point. But she had one of these for the brain, as she said. In EJ. The brain I loved it in EJ didn't. So this is him. He kind of likes it. He seems to like it. He gets a little smile on his face every now and then. And this must be all that's mama. I thought it was one of the kids. Hey, hey, hey, there's my, that's my morning coffee. My morning lady with a bunny bow and a baba. And of course, I love the beans. Yeah, these behave for now. As long as I keep pushing, he's smiling. Huh? I'm going to get tested as soon as I get here. Oh, okay, hang on. I'm about to get tested as soon as I get close to the wind. Well, because the air coming in was kind of moist. You know, and I didn't want it to be moist for him right now. I wanted the dry air inside. So I closed it. You know, the curtains fine, but as you did. So, okay, just wanted to show you his new little thing there. Tito and I managed to get it together last night. He does not sleep in it. We sleep with us still. It's just something during the day when we're. Got a couple things to do to put him in, swing him a little bit, and entertain him. Uh-oh. He saw Mama, and he heard Mama. So he's ready for the morning, Baba. Mama, yes. Not yet, Mama? Yes. Okay. All right. Thanks, folks. Downstairs, doing my dual mode. Say hello. This is Sabrina. EJ. Hey, and they're watching them. Peppa Pig. And I'm going to go outside. Thank you. I have my slippers. Good morning, Bial. He's going somewhere. Okay, he's going to go buy bread. Gotta get used to this. I haven't done this in a while. Um. I'm going to upload a video tonight about the gold osu. Uh. He came back, but he didn't do this side. I thought he was going to finish up. Start where he left off. He didn't. Stop. Stop running. Hey. It's like a pufuta. Ditoca, EJ. He's always going somewhere. Okay, but anyway, so he came and then, uh. So just a. It's some food that you got to say. I don't know what they're going to do. But anyway, so the guys came and showed up around here. I think I showed this in the previous video. It's just kind of the day after the morning after. Well, you look at me. Obviously, like I said, we got some work to do here. Around here, fixed the bottom of it just because I want to. Even though we're going to put dirt in here some other time. Um. You can see what he did here. The bulldozer got spent two hours. Uh. Took down the, uh. The bumps flattened them out. Now, the land still kind of goes a little like this and everything. But I can put a lot more over that. I just needed the. The, the holes and the high points, really high points. Uh. Because the grass, I'm not going to keep it like super, super short. I'm not. We still going to, we're going to come shovel this out. There, I guess you got concerned about getting too close around the pipe. He took that big pile of dirt as you guys know already. Back yonder. But anyway, this is the morning after. It's funny. The guys, wow. Look at the big ants down there. Believe it or not, I'm sure if I stomped with something hard, they'd probably come running out. Almost stepped in it. But uh. Yeah, I was teasing them about a well worth when I said low, low bow, half low bow, half-totled, don't affair in the CR. I told them that's why I kept it. That was teasing the guy. You know, I saw you don't believe me. What did I say? In the car money while I was acting. Sikipo, the point to cut the horn. Sat the ass, don'ts, the CR. Buksan mo ang fento. Sikipare. He looks at me smile. I go, move him up. It's your life. You know, I just teasing them. Having them fun. Maybe not funny that you folks, but at the time, I just kind of paraphrased everything I said to them. But uh. I'm going to head out here and see what progress was made on the cleanup. As I'm looking around. Anyway, Ricky the bulldozer guy, they spent two hours here. So total charge was only three hours. He took off the 15 minutes. And of course, you know, the original agreement was to pay when the job was finished. So anyway, he asked for money that the pay for is got. He bought like four or five guys with him. So yeah. It's anyway. It's us. I'm reminded him by the agreement. But then I gave him four thousand anyway. He's not sure when he's coming back. Maybe Wednesday. But so anyway, I went 500 pesos still. I think it was going to be 45 hundred for three hours, 1500 an hour. So I'm not worried he's going to come back. 500 pesos is 500 pesos. However, in the end, meantime. Whether Jay gets back, I'm going to have him start working on some of those high areas with the shovel. And who knows, we may not need to come back except to collect just 500 pesos. We'll just do that there. I just don't want to sit around, wait around. We'll see. Well, enough about that. Also going to have Jay finish James finish cutting that over there. So I'm pointing, but I can't see. Yeah. That over there. I'm just going to push my paws button there. I don't see it. So I'll just do this. I'm back. So he obviously is not done here because he's still got all this green stuff and all this brown stuff here. So he might have gotten halfway today or yesterday. James, today is going to be his, he's going to finish up today. And I'm just going to go with Brother Jay for a while. And in the future sometime, looks like he started to cut here a little bit. We're just trimming it up to the fence right here. And then up along those areas and we're going to break it up. Yeah, you can see to the right up ahead what point he got to because there's no more green up there. So he's going to come down and start over here, obviously. So I'm going to go up to this point and just stay in line with this here and go. See what did he get here? Still more garbage. Just cutting it and moving it aside in the greens. I think he's been putting it over there anyway, probably. No one's going to come up saying anything to me directly. That's not how they do it here in this little neighborhood. This word gets around to check people aren't happy about things. They won't come up and talk to me directly. I'm just trying to make it look nicer. That's all. I think I understand that. I mean, you know, that's what their property looks like. Plus, it's their goats that always get in my property and I keep having to chase out. Not nice goats. That's the funny thing. So I tried to talk home one day doing the title poll thing and they wouldn't come. They wouldn't come outside. They were there. They wouldn't come outside. I was just going to say, hey, you know, tie your goats or something. So they won't come on and leave my trees to plant it. I got to get James to get this pile of garbage up. He might have misunderstood me there. Yeah, here we go. So I just wanted to come out and spot it. The garbage over there. I'm not going to worry about that. Most people did the fireworks. Came chopping all that down and they had a little boost up and set up there. But anyway, you can see it now on this side where he's done to the left of the right. And while we take the day and finish up, then I'm having level out the shovel on the other side of the house. And that'll be the chore for him today. Okay, folks. I don't really want to show too many people's houses. But that's what we're looking at. That's what we're doing. Um, Saturday morning. Chop that. This is the first CR for the workers that they put here. Finding my finger right there. That's a ventilation. It's a bamboo ventilation pipe. Okay, they thought to put it here. You see, then something happened with that one. So they erected this thing temporarily. And look at that. Another ventilation pipe. There's a toilet bowl in there that they flush. The one that was built for me, an ventilation pipe on the septic tank, north to the house. Anyway, like I said, in our previous video, we're going to rectify that. Okay, folks. Ciao. Very nice truck with just that one. Now i'll just change direction. But.. Ta-da! Sir, step aside. I'm gonna go. What? What's that? What's that? What? What's that? What? Uh-oh. What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? That's the server? Okay, it's a run! It's a run! What's that? That's a phone. Ha ha ha!