 whether I'm even gonna waste no time. The voice of the Philippines, Kokoy Baldo sings with team coaches. You guys been recommended this. I mean, this is the most highly requested video after the first reaction, so let's do it. Can I jam with you for a second? Yes! Oh, yeah! What? Oh, wait! So this is after his audition, so he just went upstairs and they start singing together. That's crazy. Hey! Oh, oh! White sand, blue water. You could take a walk. It's so soft. You should take it, you can walk alone. The beat's sunshine on your feet. And one drink wine. The food is unique. Oh! Yeah! That's so good. Sunshine! That's so good. When you got that sunshine, And say the sunshine on your own. Sunshine! Oh! Hey! Oh! Oh, oh! Oh, oh! Oh, oh! All of them actually chiptip! All of them! All of them! All of them! All of them! All of them! All of them! All of them! No! One more drink! One more drink! This is the first of things you can see by the way and any live performance show. I think this is the first time. Not the first time, but this is the first time I see... I've seen all of them actually getting involved. Yeah! I've seen people getting involved like one culture, one judge getting involved. Not all of them. One drink of tea, one drink of tea. Yeah! Everything looks pretty. From Rosemary to Paradise. That's how we get so many. That's how we get so many. All of them! All of them! Four four... They hit me! They hit me! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! They actually slap in this left, right, and send off! Yeah! I Someone said brother the judge are sitting on right now He was the guy from in bamboo and the rock one and bamboo When I went back is actually true God damn Shut up to you bro if you're watching this shout out to you when I read that comment. I actually love brother. That's crazy Him he's from the rock bamboo right? Oh This is literally everything that's going on right here. I feel like Bra he has done a good Representation of reggae because reggae was originated right in Jamaica from Jamaica, so I know with my roots It's all about peace and love equal rights freedom tranquility and just vibes and everything they're doing in this video The coming together the vibe in having a good time everyone feel free to just Let yourself go wherever comes to their mind. They're just letting it out and just making sound of it out of it Right and just jamming basically, bro. This is scream Damn, man, this will you you guys you lost a real one I'm not gonna lie because there's a lot of reggae all you throw at now that's trying and they trying too much to be the next Bob Molly will never gonna replace Bob Molly no one can But you see when you do a performance and you're pure like this You can you can just see it man. You can see it You Actually If you want me to do the more of the voice of the Philippines reaction let me know in the comment section below, but this right here was a cheat, huh Like the energy and the vibes that the culture is bring again if you want to see more videos like this Share your support by slapping up that like by and subscribe to the channel for more content like this It's been your boy. It's been your home Peace