 Okay guys so we have arrived to the cafe Habrede Grace In Galita We are not even sure if we are pronouncing this correctly Yeah cause There are no in the comments We don't know English and we don't know exactly how to pronounce this I don't think this is English I don't know anything Yes Anyway this was recently opened and it has taken popularity because it is owned by Eswin Aten Pablo's family Yeah So this is a most business spot in Cabin De For a fun girl For any 18 that is around the area People even from Manila They come here and check this They come here Encourage everyone to support this family okay So today like people come here They have a nice delicious beverage And they play games So this is a sad movie we are going to do right now We are going to have our media And that and we are going to play games Let's hope there is mango shakes Hopefully Let's go inside Karana I actually see this guy Oh yeah You had a hair first That's the one Thank you She is beautiful as you can see Yes This is the one No Is the one I have a nose There is no mango shakes That's the one Tell me the bad news Yes Yes Yes Yes I want to do it You want to do it We will have a lot of I know this I know this Okay for this You already have a lot of the best for me Oh I know you already have a peach Falshan fruit This is what I like Okay I can order peach mango I know strawberry mango Wow You are really arduous with the sheet You already have a sheet Ah, she is I can So thank you I guess The size of the mango The job is the size Okay, I should only pick the orange one So one peach fashion for me large The whole strawberry mango For regular Then What can you do? She ordered it I am sorry I didn't know that was exclusive for you And the mango is now Thank you so much You are the same thing No one told me It was not in the sheet Her, she went really sweet So one cookies Or triple chocolate cookies And strawberry loco One nutella loco split And then One nut shows And then one Hokkaido milk tea And then one strawberry light tea Yes Thank you Oh, it's not in season It's in the same plate I have never played that one I said I think it's in my team Oh my god I want to play whatever you guys said I think Is that kid's the exploding I think this one I never played that game of life And I didn't want to play It's not that long Is it long? Hi It was six and I might be one I can normally play for a little bit Yeah I never played exploring kid It's playing kid in church I never played How many times have you played in church? No, I want it at church Yeah, but for this is the Carter Mellon Wow, I love it You play the car like BAM So it's like this, right? Like Naruto Or Yugi Othing No So it's rules You get an exploding kitten You die You're out of the game Ah Like a butterfly One of them is a exploding kitten Okay You First, I think that I have a right Let's try it everywhere So soft It's not as sweet as I thought it was going on Oh, that's good It's good We're ready to have the chance The It's not many eggs at the scene But you dig it That's better Imagine you have to dig it Yeah, you need to know For further American kids are god Ice cream Squ聞edd Must try it And it's soft But your scared is soft I hope you are ready to eat It.. outbreak It's vous so okay You can do it you can do both Another could do Spending Tala What's for that? Like this or like that? How do you want me to do it? Whoever, whoever. Because I like this one. And the curry is just played at here. The Mona has given me permission to review this wrap. Yeah, this is very nice. Now it's up. She has everything in the table. Mona? Yes! Right! Wait. You said donyan? But donyan is not necessarily yellow. Mmm. It's not really like that. It's not yellow, right? It's not yellow. It's not yellow, right? Oh, sorry. And this is better than the other. Oh my god. Oh, salad? No. It has denutella, but also has like, uh, the liquid chocolate. So, I'll try to make it better. I'll try to recommend it. Get the denutella water. Try it. It's true. It's way better than the other one. It has more than enough. It has the sweet, and I prefer that. It's not yellow. Some is the winner of the game. Say your victory speech. It was, uh, it was amazing. I had very few exploring kittens, and I had very many confused cards, How I was victorious. It is, Senoris. You better hear her. She's now winnable. She's going to have a good time. Yeah, yeah. She's okay. She's going to be in big zone. Yes, you guys play sound protection, R&B. The least we can do is play the merienda. So that everything was delicious. I have no complaints. No, no change. No change. No change. You can keep it. Thank you. So now what's next? Home. We're going to play sound games. Yeah, a picture. Good picture. Good picture in the hambre de grace. It's a bit of a dance. Yeah, that's the first one. Sorry, what? It's an exchange. Avru. Avru. Avru. Avru. Avru. Avru. Avru. Avru. Avru. If it's an impression. Yes. Now you can say that Avru de grace has international people coming in from the Dominican Republic, from America, from Europe. Okay, let's take a picture, guys. We're talking to Bush. Thank you. My favorite, were the fries. You have tried this in the past. See, look. The rice? Ah, I'm not. Next time, now we have to come with. I think we have said bye like five times. We don't want to leave. We have said bye five times. Bye. I'm pleasure to meet you guys. You have a great experience. Have a great day. Have a great day. Now we are on our way. Pass. Manila. Pass. Manila. Yes. This video came to you through our patterns, especially the Valky Emile, Valmike, Clengengen, JT, Fred Cabrél and Iño. Also, here shout out to our very fire and certified solunatics, especially cherry flor, Janice, Soju, Janice, Brian Cabosora, AJ Primesias, Clengengen. Egi, Trish, 21, Jokagi Sang, Estelberry, Jeng, Uwe, Halia, Jan JT, Teodoro, Dars, Frazier, WV, Lovela, Joseph, Saoie, Richmond, 27 and Marquay, March.