 We're working now around the Maktan Yutown and then we want to check around and also need to visit 187-11 or supermarket by some essentials. Look guys, what they found is so cute here. It's like a jeep. Wee! It's so cool! Yes, very high. One more, one more. Was it high? Well, last one, last one. Wee! Three! I'm three! Yes, that was nice one. Wee! Let's go! Let's go! Yes! For the sleepy, we'll be okay. In your dreams things will be okay. Because you're here on purpose. You're made for a purpose. Just know that you're worth it. Give them all of your burdens. So counting sheep, you will be okay. No need to be... Hi guys, everyone and welcome back to the vlog. As you can see, I'm doing this video today not from our house, but from the hotel. We decided to have a little bit of vacation with our little family and we stayed in the Maktan Island in Lakhla Pse. The name of the hotel is written in the name of the hotel called Sagoy Maktan Nye Tau, and then we put here the signature. So it's most, as you can see, it's mostly like a business hotel. But there are also some kids here or some business travelers or some couples. So we just decided to check it out. How is it? It's like also a popular first vacation here in Sibu. So it's like a view is very like a city. Reminding me a little bit of IT Park of Sibu, so it's very cool to use things. And then probably later we'll go to the convenience store to search something, some essentials, so what we need. We'll get a few days and then we'll plan to swim in the pool and to use it the beach. Just tell it all, I think it's a beach-channier by. And then it was my third day, so we decided to have a little bit of the treat all the sales and to stay here for a while. So here's the room that's very basic looking, disregard the mess, because we already settled in, so here's maybe, and then there is a sofa, the escalator you can work, it's actually very convenient, then the menu, then we have sofa, land, TV, and then here is a mini refrigerator, cattle, some coffee, creamers, sugar, cups, and then kebbing it, yes, and cup. And then we have rest room, and here is... Hi! I'm already very injected because I feel so cold from the air conditioner all the way. So, it's already evening and we decided to take a little stroll before going to sleep after dinner, so we're working now around the Maktan Yutam, and then we want to check around if we visit I think 7-Eleven or supermarket by some essentials for my baby. So many lights, you like these, my slides? Oh, they're so nice! Lincoln? Yes, so nice! Actually, it's quite cold here in Maktan because in Manthal, it's always hot in the evening, but here I don't know, I feel so cold, like I want to wear a jacket even, so let's see what we'll find. Yes, I can see what, so nice, right? You like it, because you first have seen the... Let's watch a little bit here, then. Yes, lava. So, we're still walking here and then there is so beautiful fountain, and we can never stop that color. We found it and we had the news that there's my bag, then there was one more. So they changed it last, so they just decorated very nicely because of Christmas, and then there is the small Christmas village we will go there now to check how it looks like. Look guys, what they found is so cute here, it's like a jeep. It's like jeep with light and there is no show enough stairs. It's so cute! So, we're going to go to the next room, and we're going to go to the next room. We're going to go to the next room, and we're going to go to the next room. We're going to go to the next room, and we're going to go to the next room. We're going to go to the next room, and we're going to go to the next room, and we're going to go to the next room. So, we're done walking, so we'll do quite late, and we tell them to stay. So, we finished our last room. We're going to go to the next room, and we're going to go to the next room. So, we're done walking, so we'll do quite late, and we tell them to stay. So, we finished our last room, and then we're going to go to the next room. So, this is it for today's vlog, so I will save a bye now because we're going to go and visit take a bath, prepare to sleep, maybe watch some movie. So, okay. Save a bye bye, Mikaiel. Bye bye. Music