 What's up ladies and gentlemen, flying gal over here, I just posted my previous video where I explore a flooded manela. And I got a couple of comments that said that because I walked through the flooded gutters, I might be at risk of getting a disease with the most difficult name in the world. It's called leptospirosis. Leptospirosis. So it is a bacterial infection that makes its way into its human host through cuts or wounds. At first I was like, well, I don't have wounds or scratches on my feet. I actually intentionally checked my feet and my legs before I went out and shot the video, because I'd never heard of leptospirosis before, but I was aware that obviously like gutter floods and stuff like that, you know, would be littered with bacteria. Apparently the gutter is full of rat pee. I don't know why they don't just do it into their little rat toilets, like civilized rats, but these seem to be very rude rats that we're dealing with here on the streets. It is how it is. You can't change what the rats do. So yeah, it transfers through to rat pee. I only stood in those floods for like two, three minutes and then I went straight home into the shower and I used loads of soap and I really scrubbed my feet and my legs really well. So I was like, eh, leptospirosis, schmeptospirosis, I am not afraid of that stuff. Some comments on my video said that even without cuts or wounds, possibly you can still get the disease. And that is, that is when I started becoming super paranoid because I started searching it up and it doesn't sound like the friendliest and happiest disease. Some of the symptoms are fever, body weakness, headache, sore eyes, abdominal pain, diarrhea, yellowing of the skin, inability to pee, kidney failure, and symptoms involving lungs. I did not identify even one of those things that I would enjoy having so I've decided to take your advice, go to the pharmacy and get medicine called Duxy Cyclein. Also never heard of that before. So that's what I'm going to do right now so that I can sleep soundly and not be being paranoid at night. It's still drizzling a tiny bit right now but nothing like yesterday and check this out guys, check this out. I got shoes on baby. I'm not going to catch any diseases today, that's for sure. Check it out. Hey, hey, hey, hey. I sometimes, I sometimes, I sometimes, I sometimes spread them and, if you see the video, it's up now. Yeah. Did you see? Yeah, cool right? He is the boy. Yeah. All right, enjoy this lift up surfing guys. See you later, man. Oh, man, I love it. It's weekend so the kids are just playing. I wish I could be a little kid again. So I'm gonna take the subway from Boney station to a SM Negemo because I saw there a bunch of pharmacy there. There are a bunch of pharmacies there. So we're gonna go there and I'm sure we can find the medicines somewhere around there. So I just got off here from the tricycle to get the train from Boney station and I found there was a mercury drug store right here. So I went inside to ask if they had the medicine, the doxy cyclone and they said you need a prescription. So to get a prescription you have to go to the hospital. On my way to the VIP hospital right now. Hopefully this will go smooth and doesn't take you much time. I think it's a public hospital so first to the public hospital experience. Woo! Did not expect that. First online regarding doxy cyclone and it said it was over the counter so maybe the laws and regulations changed since I'm not sure. But I have so many cool plans for the upcoming few months guys that I do not want to get sick. Alright, they told me to head over to the emergency room. So that's where I'm heading. Alright, I'm in the waiting area right now waiting for my name to be called and then we will find out what will happen to me. Wish me luck. Okay here. Just to show the pharmacy depends on what they have. If they have the 200, yeah, 100. So just take either one or two. Okay thank you. Single those. Yeah after you have to eat something before you take it. Just to help. I have a rest of the beef. Oh good. Yes, for me. Okay. Thank you so much. Yes. I got my prescription right here for doxy cyclone to make sure I don't get sick. The hospital experience was really good to be honest, really smooth. Everybody there, all the professionals were very, very friendly and very helpful. So let's head over to the drug store. Alright people, we got it. We got the doxy cyclone. We are going to be okay. We are going to survive. Yet another day. Right now I'm going to head over and get something to eat because the doctor said I had to eat before taking these antibiotics. Usually this tree is chock full of cars and so noisy. Today it's empty. So nice and peaceful. Alright so we've got to find something to eat. I'm going to see what's open. A lot of stuff seems to be closed right now. So hopefully we can find something. I hope my arms is open. I hope my arms is open. No, it's closed. I'm going to have to resort to ordering in. Oh I'm seeing some happy fellas today. They look so much happier compared to yesterday when they were soaked and all their feathers were just like flat stuck to their body and it looked like skinny little birds. Now they look majestic and their feathers are all popped out and stuff. People were back with doxy site climb. I'm actually not sure if I've been saying that right. I'm not sure how you say it but I do know this is the right stuff. Two times 100 milligrams. That's what everybody in the comments was saying I should take. And the doctor said that as well. So you guys were right. I'm so excited. I'm so excited guys. What am I excited about? I'm excited about this. My food delivery just came in and it's my favorite Filipino food. So that's why I'm excited. I'm going to eat some delicious food before taking my answer. Yaris. Check it out. Tapsi loke baby. Right before some antibiotics. I don't think there's a single dish better before antibiotics than some amazing, homely, warm, soft, tasty tapsi loke. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Wilson and Owen you're not getting any of this. Right. This is only enough for one person. If it was something else I might have considered sharing it but this is tapsi loke baby. Kale doesn't share tapsi loke. Tapsi loke's way too good for that. I really couldn't risk getting sick at this point in time. I really appreciate the fact that so many commenters made me aware of this disease. There are some really, really cool projects coming up. There's going to be some traveling in the near future. We're going to do some university related stuff in the near future. The next couple of months the dates aren't exactly set yet. I know that a lot of you guys have been asking me, Kale, do some university stuff again. Do some university stuff again. Of course guys, I really want to because I love doing university stuff. It's coming. In the next two months or so there's going to be some beauty pageant related stuff coming up as well. Universities and beauty pageants people, my favorite things. The tapsi loke has created a nice little buffer in my stomach and now it is time. Begone Lesbluslamotis from my body. Begone forever and don't make me sick. In case you are actually in there incubating right now, which I'm not sure you are but you might be. Cheers guys. Alright ladies and gentlemen, once again from the bottom of my heart. Thank you guys so much for all the comments on last video warning me of Lesbluslamotis and whatever you call it. Because I was totally unaware and for all we know we just prevented a lot of pain for me. So thank you guys so much. Appreciate it. If you enjoyed this video, don't forget to like it, subscribe to my channel and hit the bell. And then my dear friends, my dear saviors, I shall see you guys in the next episode. Peace out. Take it easy.