 So we are going to the market guys because you know it's been few days we cannot go to the market because of the rains blood water everywhere so we cannot really upcourse the world so now because there's no rain so we have a chance to go to the market So let's go so so so most of the time the images to the market is not large we just walk in and when we coming back then we will get a tricycle it's officially in Dubai a lot right now because we are going to buy rice so when we come back we will get the tricycle so we are going to buy rice so when we come back we will get the tricycle but most of the time we just walk in going to the market so how we go we are waiting for us already how we got that how excited this baby kitty I mean this kitten dies they are supposed to be three cats and then we don't know where is the other one and three kittens and one mother and one other so it's supposed to be the other five but right now the only little bit of the other one oh there is no one coming new one there's another one oh it's a little bit too oh it's a little bit too strong oh it's a little bit too strong oh it's a little bit too strong oh oh what is that? what is that? why is it like blood? no the color oh it's a blood it is a blood in the air look this is a milk oh it's a little bit too strong come on come on out you should come out and then we go out to eat the food we have new adaptive kitten guys I don't know where they came from so before we go into the market we need to feed them first so today we feel probably we cannot go to the money because we need to go to the market look she's keeping now come on she's eating? no come on yes today I gave the damn oh my god oh my god yes today I gave the damn the damn city yeah the damn city the damn city the damn city so we just finished off the farts so now we are going to the market I think there's no blood water I mean like this is blood water I don't go I don't know how to say it I saw the blood water over there it's already gone oh yeah it's already gone yeah no no it's gone yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah same as when we were in the market that was that and this is the rice that we buy okay this is the rice that we bought so it's 25 kilos I think this I don't know how much it is I forgot it's about 1,000 plus I think so and then it's 1,200 yeah 1,200 yeah 1,200 and we will get 1,300 and then we will get the rice the rice chicken and the chicken pork and fish we buy also vegetable not very vegetable guys it's just like onion, garlic and then ginger something like that and then it's like sweet potato I'm going to mix guys and we will try to be careful you're going to be sure you're going to be ready ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Mayanagbailalo ay nhungalom ang yung ngkinaya lgingongsikashiyo ... and you're doing silly stuff, right? hooking with the dog Pres cica plant