 So here we're in the bundok magendok. So relaxing and refreshing. If you breathe the air, we breathe the air and it's so beautiful here. In the bulls sometimes I get a bull. A bulls a bull and a girl. In the bulls. A bull. A bulls. Yeah. We don't know that. Sorry. That's from the barn guy. We don't know. Oh good, the cow looks. But you get. No. No. No. Stop it. OK Here we're in the Bundok in Komotis and the Kalabau is swimming in the Langoy. This water, this area is so minted like Magandas, this is the stream Magandakai, Magandar, Magandar, Magandar. And down here the people who live here have their ways of doing things. So if we come down here the water that the Karabau is swimming in the stream and it's so guapa, so Magandar. But if we come here we have the stream and then we have the small ripper. So I will I hold. So here's a ripper and here's a little stream under they have wood and if you want to legal to wash then you get the water from here, the tabai, the little pool because this good water for cleaning, not for drinking. They don't drink this water but to legal to wash themselves they use this water because it's good clean water separate from the stream. But if they want water to drink they have other other well like where the water comes up from underground and it's okay for drinking. So this is some Magandar. In the area they have if you keep following it down they have a big tanker, a tank. Yeah but I'm not sure where they get the water for the tanker. We go there. He says we have a look. Leo, dole, dole, malapet, malapet, malapet, rrah, rrah I think is a persaya so malapet lung. I can't pronounce my rrah, ah probably. So if I took the water they left. They tried to get me to say it, it's not correct but they understand what we keep going. Straight so we walk down. I'm just walking through like first here but it's so wet and damp. My shoes aren't really hiking shoes. I wasn't expecting to go biffle wet through the countryside. And here someone legal I won't show you. Oh there's a tanker there. It's okay if I video. Oh this is tanker for drinking. Here's the tanker for drinking water. So this is here they have like sit up. The water comes from a spring underground and they go they call it a tanker. But if you want to ligo you don't go in there you just take a little water and ligo. But you keep the water fresh for drinking. Stop now. When I'm in, stop now. I touch the water. Then we check the water here. They have tuba. What's this? Oh so book now. What's book now in the gold? Good. Cold English. Cold. Malamig. Malamig said the gold. That this good water they make sure that if people in the barn guy in the bundok want to drink they have good fresh drinking water. In this water runs over here. If you try to get gamy or gamy sometimes a little more gamy but whole year they have good drinking water in the bundok. But if you're downtown, if you're in the town sometimes no they don't run. You have to buy. So here we're in the bundok magenda. So relaxing and refreshing. If you breathe the air, we breathe the air and it's so beautiful here. In the bull sometimes I get bull, let the bull in the gallop. We don't know that the gallop. Sorry, we're from the barn guy. We don't know that good to gallop. Well, maybe it's the same bull. So here it is so fresh. So I like to come with this fresh air so I don't get my bull. Okay, bye for now. We left the car about swimming here. We're back now and it's just enjoying itself. We're back where we were. But the water for the thing comes from up here doesn't. Another one there. Another one there. Another tabai. Nothing tabai. So here you don't see any houses. No gobo. Just 10 a.m. here. Because... Not a lass. Here you first I work after you. Hey, you need to be in Kanding. Kanding. Depends if you're the gallop of the sire. Kanding I think is the gallop. Kanding the sire. So drinking or legal. So here we have... So the people here have their own code and the people in the bundok know this one here. I'm in Gapun. Nana anymore. Nana one. Then I watch clothes here. So the people... The people know this one is for washing clothes. 2008. 2008. So this was found in 2009. 12 years ago. Then 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 19. 19. The living years. The living years. The living years ago. But the people here have their code. Everyone who lives. You can't see any houses or cobo. There's cobo, to gallop, to gallop too. There's also to gallop. Maybe to gallop. Like cobo, like hat. Filipino hat. So you can't see anyone. You can walk here for 30 minutes and not see anyone. But someone was getting water at the other water fountain. The tanker. They call it tanker. We in English would probably call it fountain. But everyone who lives here knows what to use each waterhole. They have this code. Not written, just they know. And if you use wrong, they get so cold. They get awai. So if you don't want the people in the bundok awai with you, then you have to know the code of living. Otherwise, the water is so important. So the water, like, legal to wash yourself, to wash your clothes and for drinking so important. Because they don't have very few deep well. This, they know where the spring is from underground. And the people who in the spring let others come and use the water. Some people have deep well, but very few. And then in summer, the deep well gets less water. Maybe it's not suitable for drinking. And they don't necessarily have like water purification. Then in the 10 area, they purify water for drinking. But in the bundok, different. They don't, they, they say this water is underground. It's purified already. It's okay for drinking. Don't, don't contaminate their water. That's why it's very awai. And in the pack of number, dangerous. So this is the mountain, the bundok, so beautiful in Hamotas. But to get to the road from here, like, oh, you don't want to walk, like maybe 20 minutes to walk to the road. But plenty of people live where there's only track. Yeah, one kilometer, a two kilometer to the road. Okay, turn up. Turn up. We'll go now. Okay, I hope that's interesting. And the caribou is in the water, we're getting the caribou out of the water. But our track to go back is here. So if you're in the bundok, there's no signpost. So we take the caribou up the other track. But I will meet them. Yeah, the caribou is going up another track. And we'll go up this track and meet them. The caribou has finished its legal. So it come up here, but it's very muddy and rocky. Oh, here. I don't know if the caribou is my friend. Maybe the caribou likes me. Maybe not. I don't know. But here, plenty of tracks. We have track up here. I don't know where this one goes to. Maybe it's a riverbed or something. We have track to the water. Another track. We have track here. And then we'll follow this track to go back. I wouldn't want to be here in the middle of the night. Maybe I get scared. But it's so peaceful here. Very peaceful. That we have to walk a bit to get back to the and every time we come here, the caribou decides to stop. Mungin, mungin, mungin, mungin, mungin, mungin. Sometimes it's a callibou month. But every time that makes a wee wee and makes, oh, that's not for the affirm. It's not, oh, oh, oh, it was yes. Like, oh, oh, it comes out one end. Oh, oh, it comes out the other end. So every time the caribou fertilises the ground, yeah. Then you walk through the bundok. Maybe it's tracks if you're on a motorcycle. Not that you'd ride then this track of a night. But you go up the track. You don't know what you find. So here we have more caribou. So we have a baby caribou here. And we have, I guess, its mother. But the rope is just tied to the tree. So I wouldn't want to get the moussa upset with the baby. And the baby's like very interesting, like very curious. Little caribou. I think I could get on that one's back and go for a ride. Maybe it's too small. Maybe it's not fully grown yet. But the mother is over here just eating and thinking. But if you're on motorcycle, if you come through the track, you might get a shot like last time. That I came. But I wasn't on this track. I was on a different track. But we can hear chickens and dogs and everything. We're just following the caribou. The caribou, you don't have to lead it at no square to go. They're so intelligent. And I have like, what is that fly? So the caribou have so many insects on them. They want to go swimming because they get irritated. But here it looks like someone planted a tree in the middle of the bush. What's the tree? Okahol. Toba. Toba. Toba. Toba. But that's not alcoholic drink. Is it? Yeah. Tambal. Tambal. Medicine. Let's medicine. What's Tambal in the gallab? Tambal. Is that the gallab? There's a different name. Yeah, different name. I should know. Yeah. No, no, it wasn't. Tambal. That's medicine. Yeah, we just walked through the bush. There's someone sitting under the tree in the shade. So in it, we have cows. I don't know if you can see them. Cows in the distance. Someone sitting and thinking. I'm sitting in the distance. Yeah, here, for me, he... The carabiner wants to stop. And then it just looks defensive. So he can let me do my works, my business. Saying it's not your business, it's my business. But we're getting... I don't mean it to wet it though. Yeah. You wet this, didn't he? Hey, didn't he? Didn't he? Okay. So in it. So it's a nice, open area for those trucks everywhere. Everywhere you want to go, this trek up here, the trek we came from, probably trek up there. There's a trek here. It gets confusing. If you're here for a night, if you're not local, you don't know which way to go. Easy to get lost. But we're going a different way. Maybe like here's more animals grazing. This guy is so beautiful. There's electric. So if you're on motorbike, you know what to be on motorbike here, if you're on a night, because the electric wire is electric wire. And it's like I can touch it with my hand. If I'm on motorbike and it goes lower, you're right into it if you're on a night, you get... You fall off. And you don't know if you're not from here, you don't know the cables are here. That might be wasn't falling off, but even if you're during the day, you just want to go slow. Here we leave a car about here. It's not my car about. We leave the car about here to feed. So it's happy it has shade, it has grass. Just legal. So the insects don't bother it so much anymore. And the caribou they farm here. And although there's automation in the Philippines, maybe there's attracted down in the city, but to pay for the petrol and the use of the person, they still don't use automation. We use the caribou and the cow to plant the field. So... But most of what they grow here is used for personal use. If they share farm, like if it's not their land and they put in a crop, then I think half the crop goes to the owner and half the crop goes to the person using the land. But there the caribou, that's a cow. Sitting there with all its friends, the flies. And then we have another cow just grazing. Now we can hear music, so I'll turn it off here. Otherwise I'll say copyright copyright. That we're close. We're close back to where we come from, but the main road, the Dalan is still maybe as far again as we... Okay, bye for now.