 Hey all, welcome back to Winding Down podcast. So it's your girl Becca, Chase and Liz. And today we're gonna talk about dating. And dating, yes. And I feel the things. So, how many people have you thought? So, um, get ready to read it. Well, I think that's a personal question, but I'm gonna like just discuss like dating Filipinos versus dating partners in the Philippines. So my first boyfriend was Filipino, right? I think I was like 15, 16, that was in college. And it was an interesting experience because one, it was an ill-eal-eal. So if you watched our last episode, you would understand why I said that. But yeah, we were together for about two years. And I think it was fun, but it was also hard because of the culture. So, you know, he came from a very, like, you know, Filipino family. And me, not Celeste, my mom, she was very, like, chill and very open with everything. And his parents were a bit strict. So, I don't know. I think he was a very good, like, he was a very good first boyfriend. Because, like, you know, when you're immature and you have all those petabytes, and like, I learned so much from that relationship, we didn't have sex, though. So I was very, I'm also good with it. He's not on the list. He's not on the list, y'all. I was a very good girl back then. I believe that sex after marriage was the key to heaven. And that didn't really work out, but I still really enjoyed that relationship. So if you're watching this, thank you. Or being a great person. Why would you say that's what's in the key to heaven? No, because I, I've, I've, I've, I've, right after that relationship, I think I'm one thing I have after. Right after we broke up, a month and a half after I had my first sexual encounters. So I don't think it was too happy about that, because he was like, you know, two years. Well, so yeah. We're twins, right? Again. And funny enough, we had to say, well, it's my first boyfriend, it's also for me, you know. We were all so together for two years. My difference is he was my first, you know, booking, booking. I can't know, yes. And yeah, but like, I think we had sex that like a month after we broke up, because I don't think that was like the before you broke up. Yeah, so before we broke up, so that's actually a month after we broke up. And but yeah, she said like he was also very, you know, you're an illegal and stuff. What does that mean? No, just in a sense, like the call for everything. Right now, I've met a lot of people who are like a bit westernized. I don't know anything, but like, with him, he was very like, he was reserved. He's like, reserved, like his mentality was very reserved, you know. He was like a really great guy and all the two, but it was just, I'm not sure if that's the reason why I didn't work or maybe because we were just young. But yeah, that was a very big difference from dating, dating chase. We're together. I mean, yeah, I was very different also from my exes who were foreigners as well. But yeah, what about you, Chase? Just a clarification. I am a happy Lupino, so you know, as keeping it, you know. My experience generally, I guess, I've only dated one other person than Liz. I have found an edit date, though. The one person I dated was actually a classmate of mine back in high school. And she's a half Filipino, half Japanese. More, I would say she was more Western than any of those Filipino or Japanese, mostly because we were in a Western type school here. And I would say like, we dated for a year and it was probably the craziest thing I've ever gotten to, I would say. But I definitely learned a lot. I definitely learned a lot. I learned how much of a hypocrite I could be because I would say I was actually very reserved, I was actually very reserved before. I am still reserved, but like, you know, it was like I was reserved to a fault. And I felt that like, through the relationship that I had, I realized that being reserved to a fault is kind of a toxic trait. You'll see in the first episode of the Wai Nang podcast. But, you know, being, and being that way was just like not something that's sustainable. Not something that's generally sustainable, given the way the world works, as well as the way people values and stuff nowadays. Because of women empowerment, which is a good thing, not all bad. Not everything is bad about women empowerment, as much as they might say it is. But, like, because of that, girls, they want to have fun, right? They want to do their own thing. And if you're like super reserved or, let's say, more so, like, jealous and insecure, I think it's probably more accurate, right? Then, you know, that's not going to go down well, especially if she just wants to go party and her idea of having fun is, you know, really, you know, partying everyone's attention, which, you know, all the power to them, right? You know, get the attention you want, because that's what you want at that age, right? And so, at least for me, I felt that age had a lot to do with it, as well as, like, my own insecurities and her own insecurities and all those other things. They all mixed up together to make, like, one crazy, yes, relationship, right? And so, I felt that, like, my experience dating was definitely, like, a unique one, but not, like, entirely unique, because it's like, we were both young, we're both insecure. It's sort of like the classic high school, like, dating, you know, experience, right? So, in many ways, it was both very common and very unique, as is what I would vote it. Okay. Okay. All right. Well, I mean, I think we've all been... We've all been there. The ringer. The ringer. Saying that, let's talk about the foreigners. Yeah. So, after the first boyfriend, my second boyfriend was Swedish. And so, we met on Tinder. And the most romantic way. The most romantic way, right? So, he was in Sweden at the time. I was in the Philippines and we matched. And, you know, as young dumb people would, like, would be when, back then, when he was, like, after months we were talking, he was like, oh, I'll come visit you. And at the time, I was like, oh, that's so sweet, thanks. So, he came, we lived together for two or three months. I just wanted to, I forgot it now. But, that was back in Iliilo. So, it was a very toxic relationship on both sides. I was just a quick child. You know what I mean? It was very fucking toxic. I mean, like, I think I get on both sides. Because I think there was a point where I was like, okay, I think I made a big mistake. Because I didn't even know this person. I was like, I don't know, 19, 18, 19, 19, 18. That's like me talk, that was my age when I was talking about the high school relationship. Yeah, that's a age where you know that, okay, this is time to grow the fuck up. Because, like, so we were dating and then I think that's when I realized when he was living with me and I was like, okay. And I knew deep inside that I made a mistake of allowing people to, you know, agreeing for him to come here. And then I was trying to, like, you know, when, like, you know, girls, they're like over their relationship. They do like stupid things so that the guy just breaks up with them because I was too scared to break up with him. And then when I was working on it, I was like, all right, let's just fucking break up and he didn't want to. And that's when the whole, like, toxicity, like, thing, like, happened to be like being like verbally, like, mean to each other. There wasn't any physical abuse, but still mentally, emotionally, it was like a shit show. And then there were so many other things that happened, but just like to sort of summarize everything, I was a really bad time in my life. So it was a very big, like, difference from dating the Filipino to dating the Swedish guy. Would you say that it was better dating the Filipino? Oh, would you say that it was better dating the Filipino? No, for the audience, for the audience here. Like, culture. Do you think, like, that's a good thing to do with Filipino? Do you think whatever happened with the Swedish guy could have had that? I'm pretty sure it wouldn't have also happened. I think there was also some crazy guys who are also Filipinos as well. I think with just him specifically, because he also was like bipolar and stuff, and he had a lot of things going on. So I knew, like, because after me, as a person, I know that when someone is kind of messed up, because after him, I noticed the guys that I've been dating were either like alcoholics or like, you know, have depression. I don't know. I don't know. Are you waiting on sentimental alcohol? It's like I attract damaged guys. And for me, I feel like I can, like, love them for them to be better. But after the fourth one, I was like, you know, I don't think this is working out. I don't think this is actually, like, my love wouldn't change this person. He's going to change if he wants to change. This is an iPhone. You can't prepare it. You got to get a new one. Or, sure, sure, not works. But I'm just saying, like, I guess my experience from dating is just like, I think you need to be, you need to know yourself first, so you know what you want. And I think you also need to set standards for yourself, because there are so many times where I've been like, you know what? You know what? You like, sure, you take and take and take, even though like, you're not happy, just because you're scared of being alone. So I think to be, if you're happy in a relationship first, you need the source of happiness needs to come from you. And I'm from the other person, because that's not fair to the person or yourself. And then once you're finally happy, then you can start, you know, sharing the happiness with someone else. So that's why I'm currently single, y'all dating apps, which we'll talk about in a few. It's just not working out for me. So if you have someone who's not crazy and who, you know, wants to like... So you're advertising yourself. I'm advertising that just, you know, comment below if you feel like someone... Maybe we post your number in this picture. Maybe my Instagram first, so I can easily block it with your crazy little throw. You can filter out, you know? That's my, what about... Through the pictures, through the pictures, like no. Just like, just like, just like, 10 there, huh? Like, just nope, nope. And it doesn't work for me. But what about you, Chase? I mean... So you're in a relationship? Oh, you're talking about our relationship. Well, I mean, we don't need to like, spend all. They talk about that. But I think like, before even like, you know, meeting Chase and stuff, I think Becca has her own thing with that. Because like, we're dating in Manila. I wouldn't really mention dating in Elur because I didn't do much of that. Because again, there were so many people, like, it's very small cities. You can't know everyone. Or in Manila, though, like, I think it was also a bit of a culture shock for me. Because I was like, oh, foreigners. Oh, other people. And then, oh, hug guys. Yeah, oh, hug guys. So I kind of, uh... And I mean, this was just a neat thing. But it took a couple of guys to kind of figure out, like, oh, you know, I need to be a bit content with myself. Because I feel like... It's a bit awkward because, you know, you're here. But like, you know, we went through that whole phase where you're like, you know what? At this point, like... It's okay. I still love you. My roster is just like... You're building fantasy football leagues? Basically, that's how I felt, right? And, um... But I would say that I don't regret. That phase I went through because I didn't understand, like, everything you go through kind of makes you who you are now. And it helped me understand how being... Not really confident, but like, secure with yourself and not needing validation from, like... I always say that's confidence. From men. Um, how that really helps you, like, as a woman, right? Especially also being black, you know, dating in the Philippines and Asia was also kind of like a weird one because when people see me in Becca, like, as twins and, you know, when we're single at the time, it was kind of like weird because it's like... It's not something people come about too often. So that was also kind of like a weird thing to experience with Becca. Um, do you think so? I think also, like, because in my experience, it's kind of also hard to tell their intentions, right? Because there's some guys I noticed that they... They didn't really want it to like... Date me just because I was black. And it was like, oh, it's kind of like they were kind of criticizing... Yeah, criticizing. Pertissue, my skin color and stuff. And there were guys... So you can really tell if they were attracted to me or they were attracted to me just because I'm black. And, you know, sometimes we're twins, so there was a whole other thing where guys were just being idiots about that. But I think, yeah, I mean dating as a black girl in vanilla is definitely weird. And I think the black girls who are watching can agree to that because you don't really know, like, especially the black girls who might not be attracted to necessarily white guys and not attracted to Filipino guys. But the black guys here are not attracted to them either. So it's just kind of like a weird like setup. But like, you know, power to those who are getting it because... Those are really... That's a phrase. That's a phrase. I mean, I was just going to add that I think it's important to just, in general, be confident about who you are and what you bring to the table just before you even date because I feel like the source of problems in a relationship come from insecurities and, you know, doubt, right? Which is stem from insecurities. And I feel like if you're confident in yourself, you're confident, you know, who you are and what you want, right? I'm not saying that, you know, you should be picky or anything like that. Like, go out, meet people, go on dates, get to know people, really, like, you know, understand them. Don't just make, you know, first, second judge. Don't make judgments based off like snap judgments, right? But if you're in a relationship and you realize that, you know, you're putting in more effort and it just... There's a lot of red flags and stuff. You can go ahead and, you know, decide and like, oh, it seems as though there's a lot of red flags here. I'm going to go move to a different country or a different... different country. Because I'm assuming the flags are planted in the country of the person you're dating, right? Like, you know, Liz, you know, our country. So, like, let's say I'm a country, you know, I have a much of red flags planted on me. You go, you know what? I'm going to go to a different country. It seems like there's a lot of red flags here. Right? I don't know if that's going to catch on. But... But, like, because I think right now we're talking about relationships and stuff, but like, more so, just dating. No, I feel like more people are just...copy like dating. It's kind of hard to find someone who's actually looking for like a serious relationship. And with dating apps being such like a big thing now, there's one more tender, I don't know whatever the fuck out there is. It's kind of like weird when you act to meet someone who's like investing time and effort. Effort is a big thing where, you know, you don't even see anymore. And Hensers is like cultured, I noticed, when it comes to, especially with like... I can't speak much for like Filipinos because I don't... I don't really... They a lot of Filipinos, not because I don't want to, but just because like, full Filipinos. Because I don't know, the situation never presented itself. But I've noticed with foreigners though, there's like this... I don't know if you guys can agree. There's this thing where you're like, oh, they're just foreigner. How do we hear for too long? You're my very programmed that, you know, this is just like a hook up or a fling. And whatever happens happens. I think for you two though, because you guys might have bumble right? So how did you guys know that, oh, this is more than a hook up? I mean, I think... I think that starts with me, you know? I hate to take the claim, I hate to take the fame and all the glory here. I won't go back. We'll discover that later. But I mean, I went into it, like, I was on Bumble. I was on Bumble because I was bored and also lonely, right? Like, everyone else who goes on dating apps, right? This is everyone, okay? I'm not special here. But I mean, I always approach it with that, like, if I'm gonna go and actually spend the time to go and swipe and meet people, I don't wanna just be, like, wasting... At least for me, I didn't wanna spend time just looking for hookups and stuff. I would go for people who I felt like, oh, I could actually see something more than that. Now, if I ended up being a hook up and didn't have anything else past that, you know, that's fate, right? I didn't look for that. And I feel like, generally speaking, now, at least from all the dudes I've talked to, all the dudes, they're looking for hookups. They're not looking for relationships. And that's why a lot of people can't find relationships. It's not just the dudes that also girls, right? Some people go on the dating apps because they're looking to satisfy their urges. They're looking to satisfy their urges. They're, you know, they're horny. All those reasons, right? And it's easier, right? And it's easier, right? Because there's other people on the other side who are looking at the same exact thing. It's a transaction, right? You go, hey, I'm horny. You're a horny. You know, let's meet up, right? They just send you up text. You know, this is according to my guy, friends, right? And then that happens, just like that, right? And so I think that a lot of the problem is that like, dating apps have become synonymous with hookups. It's not like they're not synonymous with relationships. Because I feel like if there was a different, you know, vision, different, you know, what's the word I'm looking for? Different impression upon the dating apps. I don't think that's the right word. But it still gets a point across. And then people would be finding more relationships. Because people are still finding relationships. They're still getting happy and stuff. Some of them start from hookups, right? And some of them start from like bar, get together and stuff. But so people are still looking for them. It's just that when people are on like an application and their whole, you know, gold areas for hookups, you're going to end up with a lot of hookups. That's just sort of the nature of it, right? Yeah. And I think for my point of view, since I'm single, I just recently downloaded... And now for another sponsored section. Squeeze the boo, save a life. Sorry for that rude interruption. So basically my point of view with dating apps is that, yeah, for the last, I just re-downloaded a bubble again. And I think with me, just because you have, I think girls sometimes have this checklist in their minds. And when you go out on a day with a guy, they're like, ah, you're not really meeting the checklist. We kind of like remove them from the list. But I think, and also I'm trying to work on this myself, is I need to be more open-minded because there might be a guy that doesn't necessarily at the first date meet that checklist. But if maybe got a second date and they can be, you know, like be more comfortable and show themselves more. So I think when it comes to dating, we just need to be, we just all need to be open-minded and secure, confident, and know what you're worth. And at the same time, just, you know, basically no one should bring into the table. Because it has to be, in my opinion, it has to be given, say, 50-50. You can't just be going there and expecting everyone to put their best forward, but then you're just sitting pretty and, I don't know, like for a free meal. Yeah, I think we can also talk about a second. We can have another episode about this, about like, if a girl should pay in the first date or when it comes to, you know, feminism and, you know, all that, all that fun stuff. But I think for now, guys, thanks so much for watching. We'll see you on the next episode.