 Hello, what is your name? Lucia, my name is Hanz. Where are you from? I am from Australia, but I am originally from Brazil. I live in Australia, but I am originally from Germany. How many times have you been here? Mine is the first time. I lived here before, so many times. Why do you choose to come many times to the Philippines? My family is here, so I keep coming back. It's pretty fun here. As they say, it's more fun in the Philippines, so it is true. What is your first impression about the Philippines? Very hot. But nice people, though. What made you shocked? Staying here. Like cultural shock? Yeah. I think the traffic is very crazy. What about local food? Local people? The food is amazing. Very good. And the people are nice and so. Very hot. Warm people. Very welcoming. Which is your favorite food that you have tried here? Do you remember the name? Or content? I think it would be the dessert. What is the name of the dessert? Bokobanan. I love Sinigang. Great. And also Takuyaki, but it's not really Filipino. Have you learned Filipino language? I can speak, if you are a Filipino. Can you say something in the Filipino? What do you want me to say? And I say, I interact with you saying or... I'm a bull-eye. I'm a Cisasha. It doesn't sound like a Filipino like this, babe. I like French fries. And I like Sinigang. What is the name? David. Where from? Canada. How long have you been here in Manila? Just for a few days, but I live in just north of here, whatever. But I've been here for about three years. Why do you decide to come to the Philippines? Many reasons. I'm from Canada. It's cold country. Just like your country. It's beautiful here. Lots of beautiful people. Kind. Loving, caring people. And I really enjoyed here. I've been here many times before. Do you try some local foods? Of course. Yes. Yeah, absolutely. Do you want to try more? Yeah. I've tried chicken and a dobo, pork and a dobo, calderetta, pancet. And which one is your favorite? That's a good question. I think I like them all for different reasons, but I'll probably go with a dobo. Okay. What is the most difference in culture between Canada and the Philippines? Well, actually, my background is Italian, so I can even compare that to... What's the biggest? Well, the biggest difference? In culture. In culture? Different culture? I'd say that people here are more family oriented and they're more close-knit community. And maybe in westernized culture, it's more like... More the individual. More about the individual person. You know, it's all about me, me, me, and not here. It's about the group, the bar cut out of the friends, right? Like, so it's about... You know, so it's more about relationships, friends, community, sense of belonging, that. And I just think that, like, you know, if you come here as a foreigner, you'll feel like, you know, you're like VIP wherever you go, because everybody kind of treats you to. And I'm sure you've experienced that yourself, so. Okay. What do you think, like, from foreign their side? Is it worse to visit the Philippines and why? From foreigners, yeah, 200%. I mean, I'm... Cost of living is lower here. Everyone's friendly here. Everybody's kind, caring. You'll... You'll feel like... Like I said, you'll feel like a VIP and they have tons of beautiful beaches and gorgeous places. I mean, here in BGC, it's even... It feels like you're... Like, they say it's like the Singapore of the Philippines. So I'm just saying, like, it's really... Like, this is my favorite place as far as, like, modern and amenities and really really nice. So you kind of get the old with the new and get a lot of fun things. Can we explore other districts of Manila, other parts? Not exactly this, maybe... Oh, yeah. And other parts of Philippines too, but yeah. Exactly. Yeah, like... Yeah, it's, yeah, like, Macountie, Manila, you know, where Moa is, Pasa, Pase, Kizan City. Yeah, pretty much all the different... All the things you'll agree with. Here. Yeah, I keep coming back here. I think it's the... I think because, like, you... You can't even find this back home what you have here. It's just so modern and so clean and, you know, just... Like, it allows you to have, like, a westernized experience, but in the Philippines itself. So, I mean, sure, you're gonna pay a little bit of a premium, but if you compare it to back home prices, you're actually still getting a really, you know, like, the service, the quality and everything else is fantastic. But I enjoy the quaintness of the old places too and the, you know, the difference. So, it kind of depends on the mood you're in and that. Like, I love, like, rooftop, patios and things like that. So, you know, like, you're from Cold Country too. Whenever I would say to my friends, I'd go, you can never take for granted that how wonderful it is to be on a patio and not take it for granted. Like, my friend back in Canada, it's like minus three Celsius. And it's May. It's almost Mother's Day and take a put back. So, just like, you know, it's... So, you know, yeah, you can't go wrong. You cannot go wrong. I would encourage any foreigner to come here and enjoy themselves and check it out because, like, you can see all the vlogs and people like yourself doing beaches and all that. But unless you actually come here and put your feet on the ground and check it out, then you say, wow, now I know what they're talking about, right? So, yeah, those kind of things. What is your name? My name is Abdel Haimi. Where are you from? From Dubai. Okay, how long I hear in the Philippines? Like, you know, it's like two weeks now. Okay, why you decided to travel to Philippines? I really like Philippines. It's like, you know, it's like a good place to relax. Many Iceland have to go like Palawan, Borokai, Sibu, Bohol. It's the best, really. I, now, more than nine years, I come every day. From 2014, I come every year and borrow Philippines. Just to relax in the beach. And even after that, we have two nights last two nights in Manila. Relax, shopping, visit some area like this. You see how to play coffee, a lot of coffee shop here. Just to relax, that's it. Okay, great. Have you interacted with local Filipinos? Yeah, there is a lot here. They are really kind, they are even, they say. Sometimes they say, come share the food with me or drinks or something. They are very, very nice with the people, really. I like them, really. Okay, great. What made you shocked staying in the Philippines? Culture shop. Culture shop. What's mean? I mean, did you have culture shop? Because it's different culture in the Philippines. So, as you are Muslim, are upright. Yeah, Muslim. So, did you have any culture shop? Maybe food, you bring. Yeah, so, what do you put in the... You put in the problem? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, there is like for, you know, especially in Arabs, like the Muslim. There is especially little problem with it's like about the food. And manalats, easy to find like halal food or Arabic food. But in the sum of Iceland, it's hard. It's only seafood you have to eat. But it's not like beef or chicken. If they can do it or some, maybe I will do in future. I don't know. Let's see. This will be a good point if they are focusing this food for by another nationality. Okay, do you think that it's safe in the Philippines for travelers? It's safe, of course. I'm always outside until morning, alone. Nobody, you see all the secrets. Even here, you see the security everywhere. Don't worry about this from my side. Don't worry.