 So welcome to Foreigner in the Philippines. So while we're eating so it's a new video on our video. So I'm just gonna read a message. Where was that? In the box. Oh, Grazia. Jesus name. So hi, bad aunt Terence. Congratulations on your new place. My wife, Glenn, that don't believe that you and bad care take care of only. Oh, what? My wife, Glenn, that don't believe that you and bad care take care of only. Right. She thought that you just don't want haters to focus on your wealth. Laughing out loud. Can you answer it? And why John still didn't arrive in the Philippines? And did we see him in some of your videos? Looking forward to visit you and bad at the end of the year. It's not our, he would be called that supposedly surgeon arrived. You know, he told me that I told us that peboard and then change of plan September. Because he's doing the taxes in America. And then now he's saying that maybe next year. So we really wanted him to be here and leave the heart at the fruits of his labor. Prove of his work. Correct? You know, so he's real. I think the problem. The problem for John is what a lot of people do. Our friend, our friend Roger and Roger and Bing, they would like to go to various parts of the Philippines. But they are restricted in their choice, in their opinion, by the hospital facilities that are close by. So the way it's looking for Roger and Bing is that they probably will go to Sabou, which has some fine hospitals. And perhaps John is the same, but John has a background with us as a dear friend. And yes, an answer to your question. Yes, you can find John on our earlier videos. It's not in the video. You know, because he wanted at the beginning that he don't want to be on the video. But I think I video on his back. When we walk, I think because he visited the leaning house, you know, one of the houses that we built the twins. And then we went also to Tag Tag, you know, that is able guy. And he's there, you know, he walks because we need to walk in order to arrive on the place. So I think I video his back, right, but not on the whole face. But anyway, he's been. But he's real. He's stayed with us several times. And if you watch some of the box opening videos, you'll see that a lot of them are from John. John is actually, he can't be described as a subscriber. He's a family friend now. He's stayed with us many times. Eight with us at the same table, the same food, same modest food. Well, we were not doing so incredibly well. And since then he's carried that in his mind as the way that things are. And he sends us very generous boxes with lots of things that we can give out to other people. So other people as well. So yeah, he's a valued friend in more ways and more. And yes, he's real. This reelser, you know, and he's been. The story is we we saw this property, you know, we saw this land. And then we got the portions of this land. And then we told him, look, the next portion, the next lot is per sale. And then he got it. And then after that we said, oh, would you want to build a house? We could look after that. So the process is sending the money. We build it. We send the money. We build it. And then we show in the video. And I think it's just a build of trust. Trust and what you call that? Believing. Not believing. What you call that? Believing what? Trust is believing. Trust. But you know, it's just a matter of trust. It's a thing. What you're trying to say is that it's what we're doing what he wants on the basis that he hopes, he hopes to come here. But it does, it does take a leap of faith to come here for someone. And what makes it possible for some people to do that is by having a prospective partner, and they come, let's face it, when a man, when a man is enamored with a woman, he'll take risks that he normally would never take. Don't you think that's true? Yeah. That's what happened. So, Israel and I thank you all for coming. At the end of this year or next year. So, you will see it. But I'm not sure if he wanted to be in the video, but I'm sure he'll get the bug. He's bug. But it's real, I'm sure. You know, I'm just saying, we're gonna do it. You know, what build here? We're gonna do it on our own. So, it's, it's him. And, yes, we are house sitting. Okay. We are house sitting. You know, when we're very, we're very blessed. You know, we're very blessed on the kindness. So, again, that's the answer of your questions, sir. And we look forward to seeing you here. Who knows? When you visited us, Surjan is also here. So, you can see his face and that on his back. Bye-bye. God bless.