 Love isnt about finding the perfect person. It's about realizing that unimperfect person can make your life perfect. My name is Jinalin. Actually, I am working as a pharmacy assistant in a Watson's pharmacy for almost five years. Then I came from the province of Sibu, which is our Gau. Of course, foreigners, most foreigners have their unconditional love. And we have the attitude of the family. If I have given him to live in the Philippines, yes, of course. It's because I wanted him to explore a white culture and adapt of what we have. So my fiancee is... He had a... It's a very beautiful family. He was a very beautiful family. He was a very beautiful family. He had a... It's a very good person. Then he also had an unconditional love. And... For willing to accept a buoyah. We can see the whole way that we are looking for a part-trace. Because I know there is a perfect time in the world in the first week of our day. The most special thing is my fiancee. I hope that we continue what you are. Then I hope that we have an understanding always. Then I believe we have the time that we are apart. I hope that all the communication will still strong and just trust them. I'm very stressed. I'm excited to be here with Tommy. I'm going to give him a very beautiful set. I kind of find possible in a summer. There are many venues. Everyone here really can. There are some beautiful sights. There wouldn't be any strange beautiful. And... There's a big one we can really see here. For beauty, there are many beauties in the world. And the traditional values of family. Every system I have. Michael, love it. Actually, it's a good thing. I'm not a good person. I'm a good person. I'm a good person. Everything you are doing is going to be a good time. It's a good time. I love you. I hope we are in your room. I hope we are doing this set of others. And I can really, really have you here. And also. I hope we are doing this set of others. And also. I hope we are doing this set of others. And also. And also. And also. And also. And also. And also.