 Music Good afternoon, it's about 118 pm Friday, 4 November. I had to think it's one of the new workers here. We added to the team local. We're going to stop. We're going to put our hands working on the frame for the windows to go up. Here you go. The rendering down is needed to do. Now I'm just going to get the frame up. Looking good. Sorry, got my hands full. Here you go. Here you go. Put this up here. Take a... He's back. Got a fresh haircut. Working on the rendering over here. On the manoeuvre. It's hot today. I'll go outside and get a better look at this here in a minute. Going to look through the window. You going upstairs? In the feet. Oh, okay. Looks like they started to do some work here. On the corner, up here a little bit. Got the work down here. Got a smooth actually going here. Good, and you got to work on the top. Getting ready for the window frame. Coming in. Going right. Still got water? Oh, wow. The walls will go outside. And just a bit more. Looking good. We're doing it down so far here. I'm looking out of the house. Almost to be boys. Got a cell phone over there today. And see my boy, Jay. Maybe he's upstairs. Who's Jay? Okay. Going to close the look over here. Oh. Mike, you're concrete. It's just a little bit. See that? See that? There's still a lot of water going on. Got my sand or sandals on. I'm not going to step over here. See just still working in the water conditions. Got it, Ali. Let me stop this. That's a couple questions here. This is what's taking so long. I have to keep taking the water out. So no flow yet, huh? Well, I'll see. But they're going to put one here, right? No, they said they don't need to put the flow in. Some are. They're going to put one here, right? No, they don't need to put the flow in. They're going to put the water in. They're going to dust on my camera. I took a little pause there and had a brief conversation. They were not planning on footing the floor in the septic tank. They said it goes ahead a lot of water there. They were just going to leave it there. I'm like, you're defeating the whole purpose. So anyway, I got it corrected. They're all going to put a flow in all three chambers at the bottom. You can see the water here is so low. And right now, this water is lower than over there. But this land, it retains a lot of water. So that's what they're battling right now. So at some point, I don't know what the plan. I don't know. They're still hauling out by buckets. But they need to put a flow in there. So we've got to figure that out. Some way, somehow, some form or another without the septic tank but truting up the top. There's always something here. There's always something here. Because if I go straight across, this probably will be 10 or 12 feet down with that water is somewhere I'm standing right now. And there are only like five to six feet over there. There's got water there. Babe! Sorry, I had to shoot the boy away. He was told not to come over here in construction site. EJ, he's a boy so he's going to do it. And I run him back. So he's going to get in trouble for that because we told him not to come over here. There's almost safety. There's going to be a timeout. So we're going to get back over here and we'll continue conversation. We get a closer look. There's a little dryer on this end. That's what we're looking at. There's water. We're down by that level. We're going to have to put some thought in. Sorry, I'm walking around through the mud. I'm doing everything else over here. So I'm looking down, sorry about any video. Let's see if there's something to look in. Just a little bit more dryer. Just what we're looking at. Oh, so nobody's there. I don't want him over here. There's too many ways for him to get hurt. Then let me resend the punishment. Nobody's at the kubo. We thought there was somebody there. But they're not. I'm going to get an update here in a little bit. I told him I wanted to bring the stuff right here. Let's put the stuff right here to this level. We can cover it back up. I'm going to put an opening here. Once we cover this, opening here. And opening here with the lid. So you can pop it open and drain each one on them in the future. Okay, that's all we've got on this portion of it. To be continued. Let me see if I can find something else. I'm going to get a brother. Brother Jay's back. His eyes are not doing too well. Welded without a mask. Welded a mask on. So I'm going to go take care of that now. And we'll get him off. Weld him mask. My goodness. My goodness. That's the worth of sight. A house no more than many. I don't know what he was doing that. Alrighty folks. Let me go get Lady Jazz. Let's see if we can get a welding master. Okay, that explains. I saw this earlier up top. And now I understand why it's purpose. It's like a clamp. I was just bored here. In place of him, he's going to fill in the concrete. To make the legs out. Make a good up top. And now you go. You want me to put my hand? Got a little DJ here with you right now? Yeah, let's do it. You're just bored here now. You're going to work up station. Okay. You're going to make a good turn. DJ, you stay out of the way, okay? I'm going to put the leg in the concrete. Okay. You put it there. It's going to be a little bit more. I'm going to put the stairs real quick. Yeah, I guess I think I just probably heard of them in the video. So they're going to finish this tomorrow. Which is good. I see that water still sitting over there. Boost. Where's that the wind? Boost. Where's that the wind? Dump all. Boost. Just a look, just checking. Okay. You go ahead and close it. See what they don't scare the connoble. I'm going to get an update from the Coaget Jesse DeForman here. A little bit. They didn't keep working and doing what he was doing. So what we're going to do is we're going to run the leech lines. I'm here. You can't hang them out that way towards the O's, CR space. Had I given it some more thought before we would have just taken them. I'll be angry with it there a little bit more in that direction and then brought it here. So this is 15 feet from the house. It's minimum supposed to be, but my research is 10 to 15 feet from the house. There's one of them that's described as pointed out. 50 feet from my water source. That's not drinking water. That's made in water, washing water, everything else water. We're going to filter it. We're going to run the leech lines towards the O's, CR, L, or the word for a circle that way. 15 to 20 feet out with the proper ventilation in the pipes. They had thought to run it out to the creek. I said no, I don't want to potty up the creek. So we're going to release lines. One here, connect it three and hang it out that direction. The issue now is just, it's taken so long, just the water. It keeps retaining there, but we are going to put a flow in like I mentioned earlier in this video. Okay folks? Hi folks. We're getting ready to go back to Hardware Store. We've got a list of things to procure. Just waiting for Lady Jazz, looks like she's coming out now. Ah, just let the former know. We've got maybe two weeks at the most, maybe three weeks left, but I can fund the project. He doesn't think they can get a lot of the stuff that I want done completed by then. So we're going to continue to work with him on that. As you can see, a front of the roof. There are the tiles in the back. It's not complete, so I want that completed. I want the railings up here. I want the spiral staircase built on the side. I want the ceiling underneath the awning there where you see the tarp hole in all the way back to the house. I want it to be metal-fear-eamed and the dips and boards put up to the ceiling. Same thing in the outside CR. Along the finish, there are tiles on the veranda up there. And hopefully they can get under the roof here and under the roof here. The car port area and the porch area. I'm not sure they're going to be able to finish the side porch or not. Anyway, that's... If I can do three weeks, that's three weeks. 21 days. For me, it's doable. The former and he's just not sure. So we're going to keep tension-based with him on a daily base and see if we can get that taken care of. We've got the new guy here. We brought local here, Manuel, to help out. Nelson will be back tomorrow. Is that correct, babe? Yeah. Collier Mike and his buddy there in the back working on the septic tank. We gave him some more direction on what we want to do there. So he said maybe three days to do the inside of the siding. Another day to do the slab top. And then we're going to leave openings and we've got to get some covers for the openings. Then we've got to get obviously the piping from the house to the septic. And then from the leech piping from the septic out of that direction. So that's kind of what we're looking at now. I'll try to keep you updated as possible on what we're doing and any changes. So right now we're going to hit the road and procure some of these items and we're going to bring you back today or tomorrow, babe. Tomorrow. Okay, folks. If I have an update, I'll add it.