 Now just to hear that, just to hear that as a black person in a foreign country, they make you feel special. That's big volume, y'all. That really does. That makes me feel welcome. That makes me feel loved, appreciated, respected, feeling special in a foreign land. What's good, y'all? It's Adoumashette, react and we're back with another video. Who we got today seen? Today we're back with another American reaction. It's very exciting about this video. If you news to us and we knew to you, make sure you scroll down. Hit that subscribe button and turn on the post notification bell. Because we're on the road to 200k. And we can not get there without you guys. Alright, join the family without further ado. Let's get into the video. It's good. With BL and I've been a Philippine for nearly 14 years. 14 years? Yes. Wow, and where you from? Angola. Okay, Angola. So I won't take that much of your time. The question of the day is what is like being black and the Philippines in 2023? Being black in 2023 is way different than being black in 2020. Because right now people in the Philippines have a different vision and perception of what black people are. And just because they now are more open to mingle with black people unlike before when they arrive in the Philippines. What's your name? Mikaela. Are you from Angola? Angola. How long have you been in the Philippines? I've been here for already nine years. Nine years already. What is like being black in the Philippines in 2023? It's definitely much better than before. From the time that I came, it was harder because I think not many people were used to it. But now, I think people are much friendly. They approach me so nice. Well, and they really appreciate it. I'm comfortable. I'm comfortable actually staying here much better than before. Let's say eight years ago. What's your name? My name is Idris. Are you from? You mean the country? Yeah. I very close. I've got you by now. How long have you been in the Philippines? Like five years now? Five years. Yeah. Okay, so the question of the day is what is like being black in the Philippines in 2023? In 2023 being black in the Philippines. So I think for now, I mean, currently people are accepting the fact that being black is like, okay, I mean, it's like, because before it was something like they don't really know about black people because there's like few black people here in the Philippines. I think especially here in, I mean, in the Philippines, right? Like in general in Asia, like they accepting the fact that black people are okay. And they're more friendly now, I think. Yeah, they're more friendly. Yeah, I'm liking this. Wow. Okay. So of course with the different changes and I really feel like after the Black Lives Matter movement, like really blew up after what happened. And there were protests all over the world. That was just a sea. People just had enough all over the world. Like I feel like that is one, just one instance that made people want to learn more about black people. Right. And I think that they're not too, you know, say that they're not that different. They're still human. Right. And I think the Philippines, the people there are just more friendly. Yeah. I remember when we were, the channel really started to blow up when we started to react to artists who was from the Philippines. And that's when we got a lot of Filipino supporters. And you know, they was like, I like you people. It's like breaking the narrative, man. We were like, y'all did not treat us like that. We're like, I'm going to eat that. Right. And then when you finally got a taste of the culture, it's like, man, I got some good stuff which I like. Yeah. You're really okay people. And I think the world just need to have that open mindset. Even though like we're talking about race, like the Philippines are still open. You're so clean. And I just look at you as just being black. You can see they're looking at you as people as human as you know. Right. You know, I'm saying there's another individual that they can just relate and talk to. Right. So I'm seeing that in this video. And that's what we try to push so much. Like yes, we love who we are. But at this end of the day, we human. Okay. Yeah. And we can see many people like, many mixed couple now and mixed child. And yeah, I think everyone now in the team, like captain, anywhere, like everywhere in the Philippines, you can see black people, everywhere, like working. And their life are okay now. I think so. Especially now in 2023. I think every, I think good. Thanks going to be nice. Okay. Soon. After five years, I think. What's your name? My name is Samira. Were you from? I was from Ivo, Ivo, Ivo. How long have you been in the Philippines? Three years ago now. Okay. What is like being black in the Philippines in 2023? In my experience, when I was here, it was before. But I was here for my system, my reach. And just a vacation. And after that, I tried to say, but let me try to do a job. Like, to do a best for me. So after that, I was on the go. I don't want here no work, no job. So I stayed like that. It was very difficult. Because I don't speak English. And I don't need anybody. Only my sister. So I try my best. And when the call was... Carrying down? Yes. So I try my interview and I have a job. But, the Philippines is very good. We have a nice person here. The Philippine people is friendly. It's very friendly. So Philippine is very good. Amir, with? Ok, ladies. For how long have you been in the Philippines? It's about six years now. Six to seven. Six to seven. I'm pretty sure you have a lot of experience right now. So can you tell us what has been being black in the Philippines in 2023? Well, it's actually an amazing experience. Because I've been here for not quite long, but just a little while. It's an amazing experience. Because you're able to experience Amir. You're able to have a lot of experience, positive and negative. Especially as a black person. You encounter a lot of racism. Actually, when I arrived here, when I, my first thing I entered in the cheap, I saw some people like Carvin, their nose, I already observed, actually, I already knew this was a sub-racism. But through the years and time was going on, time was going on. No, what? No, that's the first time I've heard that. The Carvin, the nose. Like this? Like I saw the video the other day of a man sitting on the airplane. And he didn't like that. He was sitting next to a black person. And he was just like, like, maybe your belly smell is shake, but I'm coconut. And everything else I got on here. What do you smell like? I didn't know they do that. Like they cover their nose out of, like they make it something like we stand. Maybe look. Well, not one thing, like, stank. We smell like some of the best smell of people ever. Gaze. Oh, this is you and you're not gonna rock. We ain't gonna do anything else I got on. Yeah, we do smell like, you know, the richness of the rich. Yeah, you feel me? But it always gonna smell good. So you cover your nose. I don't know what you're covering your nose for. Yeah, actually, I are. But used to it. You know, but 2023, it's a. I can say that I got used to it and actually became so normal. And it's been great experience. What are some zero type that Filipino have on black people and where do you think it comes from? Yeah, first of all, is that the perception that a lot of Filipinos have towards the black people. It is for the fact of them thinking that in Africa, I mean, start by Africa itself. Some of them think that Africa is a country itself. When in fact, Africa is a continent on which contains 54 countries. And that is the first one. When they talk about Africa and they say that Africa in general, they cannot distinguish with from Angola, with from Ghana, with from Cameroon. They do not have that distinguish as what we have. Unlike just like us, Angola's as well. When we come to the Philippines, we think that every bad that comes from Asian goes to Africa, to Angola. For us, you're Chinese. That's how we see you. And they also think that Africans are good with basket ball. As long as Africa, you got the hides. They see as a basket ball. They don't think about you being a football player anymore. Second least, them thinking about you being a basketball player. When they see what they want to. But the Philippines, number one in basketball. So it makes sense. They probably are looking for recruiters. Or they probably want to play one at one at one. You know? That's probably why I don't think the football is like a hype thing for the Philippines. So basketball makes sense to him. Say that. Yeah. To your ball, say it. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't call your attention. And also, yeah, it's one of those that you see here in the Philippines. But some of the stereotypes that Filipino have on black people. And where do you think it comes from? Well, they usually see black people. I mean, yeah, of course, from TV, from America. And they see many things like black people are normally strong. I think many people when Filipino, actually, when they see me, they think I'm a black American and I'm something like that. And yeah, they ask where I am, where I'm from. They don't usually know my country, but I take the time to educate them when I come from my country from Angola. But usually they think that I'm a black American. Yeah. But they are very friendly and they ask me a lot of questions. I'm pretty much open to answer their questions. Do you think the perception? Yeah, I think it's because of the relationship and history between the United States and the Philippines, especially, you know, because of some African Americans in their history as well. So I think maybe that's why. Yeah, so far, these stereotypes, look, Filipino is flying colors. This test is good. Yeah. They're very friendly people from our interactions with them. Even with that. And with this video, you know what I'm saying? I don't see no bad perhaps. Nothing, not a little ordinary. Oh, like they can, all I'm hearing is a little lack of knowledge. When it comes to understanding and knowing, you know, about Africa or about what goes down in America, how to break people up right there. But when you finally get interacts with them, they have questions, which is normal. You should, you know what I'm saying? And the interaction is peaceful. Sorry, I was talking about you. How can you not be angry with what you saw? No, no, no, no. But as long as it's respectful, respectful questions. Yeah. Change through all the year that you have been here. I'll say yeah, because I have a lot of Filipino friends. Female and male. I can say that with my academic years also. I can say that it really changed. I became more friendly and they became more friendly. You know, I guess. Yeah, changed. You mentioned you have been here for 14 years, right? Okay. For all these years that you have been going through here in the Philippines. Have you ever encountered racism in the Philippines? Yes. Racism. Just by them seeing you from from far without getting closer to you, people can deviate already from their way. And if it's some people when they see in the bus, that was years ago. A long ago, but now things are way, way different and better. Because you see more Filipinos, mainland with Africans, black people especially. But I believe that this kind of racism is mainly when you're black coming from Africa. Unlike black people coming from America. Any negative experience that you had in the Philippines? Have you ever experienced that? There's not going to be a conversation about itself coming from Africa and encounter more racism than a black American going to the Philippines. I feel like that is because we are Americanized. There's the truth. You know, maybe they feel... At the end of the day, everybody in every other part of the world sees this black. Yeah, no matter what. We all have those stereotypes from being black. But I feel like because when they encounter Americans, they say, maybe they'll feel more... Oh, you are Americanized. So you're not like the stereotypes from Africa. That's what... And then you got to think about what they think about Africa as a general, as a whole. Because you know how we came up, we had the videos when we were young about Africa. Maybe they still have that level of knowing when it comes to Africa. Just the propaganda. And man, walking away, like if you see us walking down the street and you choose to go to offices and wait... I like that racism. It's fun. I'm cool with you money or business. You can walk around, you can walk out of distance. But if it comes off as some level of disrespect and it's very loud and bold, you're going to... I'm not saying you're going to get it. Yeah, like talk to the check. You know what I'm saying? People are going to check your attention. It's your time of time you want. Because it's just not needed to pour what you feel on another person who is not thinking about you. So yeah. And then you got like the rookie racist people. Like they be trying to come up as so racist. It just seems so funny. Eggman, you know what I'm saying? Like you trying to hurt. It is. It's sad. But like as long as you're not trying to disrespect us or hurt us, maybe do what you want. Please give me the whole sidewalk. The whole sidewalk. The whole sidewalk. Go! You did me a favor. Right. Or it be the ones when you walk down the sidewalk. And literally people actually walk into different styles of the sidewalk. But when you walk in a my side of the sidewalk, can you expect me to walk around you? Never please. We're just going to be standing and staring. Yeah, yeah. Stand and staring. We're going to rub and show this. And she raises her inner Philippines? Not yet. Uh, it good because I have a daughter. So I have a daughter she have eight more. Opens have your average. She has an experienced racist inner Philippines. She looked like a sister because she said when she was there, all she knew is her sister. She bought her business. That's the only person she knew there. Yeah. Right. She's probably looking nowhere other than what she's doing. Experience raises her inner Philippines? Not yet. Uh, it good because I have a daughter. So I have a daughter she have eight more. So this is my best, what is called love? Experience. Yes, in Philippines. Oh, so I think like the positive side of the Philippines is you having your daughter here in the Philippines? I'm working on so. And I have my life. I have my small family. So which means you're enjoying the Philippines? Yes. Have you ever experienced racism in the Philippines? Um, yeah. Yeah, actually. Yeah. But, uh, not in ever places. But, uh, in some rural area mostly. But not really in the city. But in the rural areas, they, uh, call some names. They called me some names. But, uh, and they do some, you know, weird actions to me. But normally in the city, I am free to walk. Yeah, no one really approaches me in the wrong way. Yeah, but just, just like before, uh, since I'm here for nine, nine years already. It was mostly in the beginning of my journey here in the Philippines. But as of now, I'm proud to say that I'm really much comfortable. I don't really experience much of racism right now, especially in the city. Yeah. Do you have shared about your experience here in the Philippines? Do you have any positive experience because of being black in the Philippines? Being black in the Philippines. Uh, you mean the God experience? Yeah, good experience. Uh, well, yeah, of course. Like, God thank His, uh, Filipino I always want to know, like, uh, what's, uh, I mean, everything about black people. So, of course, uh, I mean, uh, the good experience that I have here is, I mean, even for the first time, people were really, really, really friendly because of one Filipino I decided to actually stay here in Philippines because it was really, really friendly. So I think until now, I, I had really, I mean, many good experience, many, many good experience everywhere from work. From, uh, like, uh, even outside when I, we have, uh, we hang out, you know, outing, things, you know, people out, so nice outside. I think until now, Philippines, you know, I have every day good experience. Actually, thanks so much for the time. I really appreciate it and have a good day, man. Thank you so much. I appreciate, bro. Besides the negative side, did you, I mean, do you have any good experience, any positive experience in the Philippines because of being black? Yeah, I can say that, yeah, because, uh, usually, whenever you go to some places, they, you know, I see that in, as, as a, as a good, actually, there's a positive way because they, they, they think you are a liberal in China. So actually, it's a good experience, you know, because you're able to, um, to talk to people, you know, um, teaching each other like a lot of things, especially cultural references. Yeah, so that's actually that's it. Do you know any word in Tagalog? Can you say anything in Tagalog? Actually, I know some, I know few, uh, Salam alaikum. Um, um, maghanda haaporn, maghanda gabi, maghanda maghanda umaga, um, syge as the most famous, um, actually, samah, amazing, para, you know, actually, this is few. Okay. I really appreciate for your time. I just want to say thank you so much and enjoy it again. Thank you so much, man. Thank you, man. We have mentioned about the negative side. Can you tell us any positive side of being black in the Philippines? Yes, actually, it feels like, like, like I am a celebrity or something like that. People want to come here, especially just they want to touch my hair. Yeah, and then they, they asked me if I'm famous actually, but I'm just a regular girl, you know, but yeah, it's, I feel spacious sometimes. I feel like they make me very special in every place is like, God, they approach me so kindly. Now just to hear that, just to hear that as a black person in a foreign country, they make you feel special. That's big volume, y'all. That really does. That makes me feel welcome. That makes me feel loved, appreciated, respected, feeling special in a foreign land. Yeah, yeah, they comments are mad genuine to like, they had seen some real heart-filled comments about the Philippines right now. It's like you can tell like in the environments, they have in good down the earth's real conversations, a lot of small and a lot of laughter. Nothing traumatized. This happened to them. Right. Everything seems peaceful. The racism is light. It's very light. Light. I like that light. Keep it light. Keep it light. And they are friendly. They're really from the end of the war. It's special. They give me free stuff sometimes. I love it. Okay. Thank you so much for your time and I really appreciate it. Have a good day. We have talked about the negative side. What I mean, can you also share any positive side about being black in the Philippines? Being black in the Philippines is a blessing. It's a lot of people trust you as they see you. They believe the black people they have strength. And black people they have the kind of mindset that whenever they have whatever they have in their mind they're going to throw that to you. It's going to hurt you but black people they'll so soft. They're not apologised. They're kind. The generous. They're here not just take advantage of the country. Not just to learn but also to share our culture and also learn the Philippines culture. That's why you see a lot of people now speaking Tagalog in the country. Okay. Since you mentioned about Tagalog. Can you say anything in Tagalog? Yeah. I'm going to speak Tagalog, but I'm going to speak Tagalog. You guys. Please guys let me know what he said on the comments below. Thank you so much and I appreciate for your time. Okay man. Thank you. And any message to the people there, to the Philippines people there? Thank you. Thank you to everybody. We assist me. Thank you to everybody because it was very difficult for me. Because when I was here I lost my mole. So it was very difficult. But I say thank you to everybody to to be. To be good for me. Okay. Thank you so much. I appreciate for your time. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Yeah. That was a. Again. A plus. Y'all have that sense of flying colors. Yeah. That was nice. That was nice. So so black people at Philippines. See you later. You know, we as people we are who we are based off of the encounters we have overall throughout our entire life. Right. And that's loaded shapes us. You know what I'm saying? And as you can see in the Philippines, I didn't see like no stress on anyone's face. Not at all. You know what I'm saying? And that's usually noticeable. You can see when the person is upset. It starts in your face. So everybody is managing you in that piece. Yeah. I like that. Yeah. Look. Philippines just got first of all. I already like the Philippines. Yeah. Y'all just got even more respect for me. For real. They're sizing is crazy too. Oh yeah. I got some nice stuff. Yeah. So of course y'all know that this is going to be added to our playlist being black around the world. This video was very needed. And I love that this was an updated video. And 2023. Yeah. 2023. So we hope you guys enjoyed this video with us. Like this video. Subscribe. Turn on the post notification bell. We haven't they were not super thinks he likes to be notified that way. We're actually request for was in our description box below. We'll see you soon. Peace. You