 Good morning, Mike in our land, our Philippine journey. What a fucked up situation. And I am quite, quite upset about it. A Korean bar owner, manager, worker, and several others attacked a foreigner last night. And with that being said, we're going to talk about it. I never got it what you have to go. I guess this world's too slow for you. I think this beauty in the grave of cold. But you just want to go. And there's no way I can beat it, because I got no chance. No chance when it comes to her. She got the glitter on the fame, and I just wasn't enough. Man, let me tell you, I don't even know how to start all of this. First off, a couple of quick disclaimers. We're going to put the links below to the videos uploaded by Leon from It's My Life Philippines, who was attacked by the staff, maybe even the owner of Barnana on walking street. And just for simply walking down the street and videoing. I want to say to Leon and to Sharia, who is also attacked. I hope that you're both doing well, and I hope that you recover from this. Finally, I would hope that you will take every legal possible means for rectifying the situation. And again, I just hope that you're both okay. Number two, hey, please, we try to keep people informed. Subscribe, like. We would really appreciate it. Number three, we're going to put the links below to their videos, to their channel, and everything else. I really suggest, please, I actually ask that you go look so that his views explode so that he can show the negative impact this has. All right. Now, let's talk about what's going on here. What's going on is simple. You know, the girls that work at these bars, they really don't want to be, or the excuse is, the word is that the employees of the bars do not want to be on YouTube. And Leon, he always tells people, if you don't want to be, if you want us to edit out this section, let us know. And he's always done that. You know, the second thing is, people just don't like it. People don't want to know, you know, they don't want their wife to find out that they came to the Philippines for a business meeting, or they came to the Philippines to play golf, but they're actually out on walking street. We don't film on walking street at night. We truly do not. It's very rare, usually if it's an event, all right, a big public event like the Halloween thing that we did, all right. Now, I do understand part of the issue here, but you can't physically attack somebody, you can't physically punch them, you can't grab their personal belongings. They took Leon's camera, a brand new pocket three. I just bought one also. I can tell you, it's $669 US. All right, for that camera in its basic form, if you have the extension pack on there or anything else, it's even more. He took it and he threw it down, and it is damaged, whether it's broken completely or not, doesn't matter. Leon ended up in an ambulance, he ended up going to the hospital, he ended up at the police station, and I think this is far from over. This battle between being in private and being in public is something that we've actually seen coming. Leon's had a problem before, but nothing like this. Other bloggers have had a problem, especially Cools had a problem. All right, he got lasered while he was out there. That used to be what they would do is they shine their little laser pointers in your eyes and stuff like that that will confront you. Now, I don't think that they recognize what the problem here could really end up being. First off, let's just look at this from a business perspective. From a business perspective, if you make it unsafe to do what's legal, it is absolutely legal to film in public. But if you make it unsafe, foreigners are not going to go there. Koreans, maybe, this is not, and unfortunately right now, this is a Korean versus non-Korean situation. If you, you know what, if walking street, it doesn't matter just how many Korean bars there are, it doesn't matter how many Koreans there are, without the rest of the foreigners, those bars go out of vast majority of them would go out of business. There are plenty of expats, plenty of foreigners other than Koreans in those Korean bars. We've seen it. If you make it unsafe for people to go down there, then you're hurting the entire economy. What about all the people that depend on those jobs? This Korean, he doesn't give a shit, obviously. But I don't know. Could there be more to the story? I do not know. Are both sides of the story represented? I do not know. But I do know that Leon Films, I do know he's been asked or told, actually, not to film Barnana. I do know that he just walks straight down. I do know. I mean, you can see it. Go to his channel and watch these videos. It's important. I'm not even going to put snippets here. I want you to go to his channel and see it. I'm not going to hijack his stuff. What I'm saying is that it's completely legal. Now, they went to the police station and they have some concerns about this too. Just how powerful are the Koreans getting? I don't know. You know, there's so many things I keep saying I don't know. And I don't. But there is definitely a problem for sure. All right. Absolutely. If people aren't going to be safe, if the law is not going to be upheld, if the powers that be on walking street don't have to abide by the law. Well, that's a big problem. I'm a very upset about this. I don't film. Or lend and I do not film on walking street. That's not the type of channel we are. It's not what we do. Unlike I said in a lessons in event. But what about being safe down there? What about, you know, if you inadvertently piss these guys off? If you, but what happens if all of a sudden, you know, you make them upset over something you're not even unaware of? I mean, Leon was doing something that's perfectly legal. What's going to happen is the city going to say, this is a no-photo zone. I don't know if they can do that. Constitution. I don't think they can override constitutional law. And constitutional law allows this. Are they going to say this guy owns a bar? And so therefore he's entitled to do what he wants? I don't know. What I do know is, I certainly won't be going to Barnana. And I certainly won't be going near Barnana. And this really hurts business. This hurts all those families that rely on those businesses to feed themselves, to clothe themselves, to send their kids to school, to do everything that goes with it. So this just happened. I want you to please, I implore you. Please go to Leon's channel and view these videos so that he can show that the word is getting out and that responsibility has to take place. We'd also like to know what your thoughts are. I imagine we're going to get a lot of thoughts about, hey, you know what, you shouldn't be filming down there. Hey, you know what, it's invading their privacy. I would only say that that's a matter of interpretation. I don't disagree with it. I don't agree with it. It is public. All right. It is public. But this is a much more conservative country than say Thailand and Patea. But what is a consequence here is you can't just attack people. Let us know what you think. We really would like to see that. And then again, please go to the links below in the comment section and look at his video. Both of them, Shereeo's video where she was attacked, Leon's video in the ambulance, Leo's video later, showing when he was attacked, how he avoided it, he was polite, everything that goes with it. Otherwise, thank you and Christmas is only a few days away. So we hope you have a great holiday. Thanks. Bye.