 Future Friday. The Threshes. Let's talk about Filipino wedding traditions. Yes, it's weird. Why wouldn't we talk about that? We're a music channel, man. Because listen to me, it is normal for the bride to be singing down the aisle. Would you not walk? We sing down the aisle. What? That makes no sense. That doesn't happen anywhere else, people. Can I just make that very clear? I wouldn't believe ballet. But then she sent me, like, I haven't seen any of these videos. And I thought she was trolling. No, no, no. This is a real thing. Everybody does this. Like, it's all over Facebook. And they're not singers. They're normal people that are getting married. But they do as they would. Shout out to all the people that attacked me on this. And send it to me. Congratulations to the couple. Ooh. Ooh. Yeah. What? Wow. Hey, yo. What are you all? Loki bangs. I would be blubbering by now. What things are so emotional? Girl! Yeah. Yope, this has, like, equalization. Eq is amazing. Yes. It's unique. Right. Ms.Saron came along. Yes. amazing yeah she sounds incredible the brups of the guy too wow you're saying people do this shit look at the little gay different like it's his only job but people do this normally you're about to see a bunch of wrong videos i don't presume that usually it's good listen this is a geo this happened about two weeks ago congratulations wow what a song as well we got a song what the fuck literally effort they just made a noisety for their lives this is kk drama philippine or drama probably a joke they sing so well this would be so cringe anywhere else i could see what's stuck this was not working like back home back home what do we do we just we just walked down the girl we walked down the aisle never saw so big the groom would be like the lock is my life here it is and then it's like in the that's it the end here in the philippines the people are not only recording they're like clicking and then the little kids instead of carrying you know the okay what do they carry the ring the ring bearish and the flower the shit yeah the flowers and you know and instead of that they're like doing harmonies like the birds is the little ridiculous bruh what this place is such a black bizarre place oh man it doesn't exist everybody be blessed i love that the philippines so different yeah i love it just remember it's really nice listen they just recorded this for their wedding they can't look back on a music video of their wedding days suddenly i want to get married listen do they all have a ring in there really well-mashed it girl keep changing all it's a good cover it is a great freaking for barman actually that performance all the lifetime yeah right i guess this is what it is right like this is i don't know if their singers it sounds to me like they are but maybe they're not maybe they're just normal people maybe but this to me is like this would be the the performance of your life right that's right this is it this is it so cute oh yeah i congratulate you guys i don't know the these coming strangers i'm so best bro like a range of musicians say a music video they meet in this video their lives do they have a fuller coming truiting love same same this is a bit personal i'm like congratulations i don't know these guys but congrats this is so beautiful like musically brother is like elite elite elite damn gorgeous hands yeah that's nails right yeah what the fuck are you sure this is normal and this is effort this is look look at this so she's gonna sing it cow oh different audio like this is like oh sirby pimping sirby sobbing that's true we'll see that's normal see i would be that girl that she represents me weddings where's the mic oh also what a song what a great song to pick you it calme is you right yes well that's life oh she got the mic wow she sounds great too do you see what i mean this is like normal people with normal day jobs it's so good she looks beautiful yeah i'm her i'm her bro this is so bizarre it is so like she's performing this is two million views effort and a total reaction right there i guess i suppose people in the Philippines not only have the song they dance to the first dance song but also the song they walk down the aisle too yeah they have a wedding playlist yeah because of the whole like graduation stuff right yes that blew my mind because that is so abnormal and i love how people did not know that this was exclusive to the Philippines the UK doesn't do that South America we don't do that so we should though yeah i think we should copy that for sure like it's not gonna be that good but we should pick it up just just to be part of it like but like it's planning an iconic moment in life having a wedding like planning the wedding and it's that's quite stressful and especially for like the the girls it's like quite a stressful moment they're like oh my god it's gonna be the worst day of my life for the best day of my life how am i gonna look in the dress i was fucking you know dieting i hope i look good the fucking food i hope is all right the cake it's someone gonna flop on the cake and it's like a stressful moment and then i'm top of that oh by the way have you learned the song that you're gonna sing whilst you walk down the aisle have you rehearsed like i just i just think of like it must be so absurd like rehearsing this song you're gonna sing for your wedding like that's such a crazy one sim the man won at life just say yeah by the way he's one he got to go to sing for him that's right thank you wow she's a keeper oh well good resolution to that though she's performing this is the ball is of her life on drop oh i love oh Come on! Ha ha! Oh, what's in the lead? Yeah, I would also be totally freaking out. That would be like, wow. That's the woman of Mary. So, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. So when singers actually get married, like when Regime Velázquez gets married, she gives that footage, bro. That's true. Well, Moira, Moira, when she got married, they sang their vows, KZ as well, right? That's right. And I thought that was just a thing, because they were singers. They were singers. I had it correct. I had it clocked the fact that this was like a running theme. I just thought because they're an entertainment, they had to do something similar. They wanted to do something like that. This is more normal to me. No, that's not normal. What the hell has he got in his hands? Oh, oh, oh, good, good watching. All right, she's a joke. Okay, I didn't mean it like that. But I think this scenario is more normal, right? Because it's just like a performance. Because it's just like a performance. In the reception, I feel like that is the, again, this is just Latin American culture coming through. That makes no sense. There you have a dance, so you have like a little bit full of script. I don't know, honor your spouse, your new spouse. If it goes wrong, it's the reception. Who gives a fuck? This is a church. Yeah, when everybody's super sober. Yeah, bro, right? Oh, fuck. There's so much that you don't see why. Ah, fuck off. She sings. Yeah, she sings a lot. She sings and she's that performance. She's like, a proper, no, I want to see them in the freaking church. Show me the church. That is so non-normal. So I know I'm all over the place. I'm just so like... I'm just going to baffled by all of this. He can't. Yes. Oh. Ah, the Bryce Maids have her own cave. Oh, her mom and dad? I don't know. Her mom and dad. Her mom and her brother. I don't know these people. We neither, we neither. But they're performers. They're not saying them up. What? This video just... And a big church. Popular wedding. Big guy. Ah, I love that. Yeah, it must have been her brother. Ah, how sweet. And then they look back at his videos. And they have a freaking always deep for the rest of our lives. This is such a great idea. I need to know if this is... Whoever came up with this is like... I need to know what your singing, walking, wedding, thing was. What song was it? Is it like a composting thing? It's a traditional... That's no. Because we don't have anything like that. Do we?