 Honestly, I don't really understand why it's so expensive. What sort of Philippines? Welcome to another reaction video with your host, Nelly. Today, I am going to react to a couple that I've never seen before. And they are talking about seven things we wish we knew before traveling to the Philippines. So I can just make some guesses and assumptions because I didn't know much about the Philippines before I came for the first time. Totally fell in love with it. Move day and live day ever since. So yeah, my life is in the Philippines. Love the country and today I just want to see these two foreigners about things that they wish they would have known before coming. So let's check it out. Shall we? Hey guys, we're Lloyd and Mandy. We're digital nomads that have been traveling through Southeast Asia for the past nine months. And today we're sharing with you our top seven things we wish we knew before traveling to the Philippines in 2022. Alright, they're traveling to the Philippines, I guess. Started with the same way for me. Troop the Southeast Asia. We've been in the Philippines now for almost a month. And to be honest, we didn't do a lot of research before coming here. We just knew it was somewhere we really wanted to go. So hopefully this information will help you guys have a better understanding of what it's like here before you come. Alright, Wi-Fi. So number seven would be the Wi-Fi. For us as digital nomads, it's extremely important for us to have high speed internet and reliable Wi-Fi because our jobs depend on it. And the Wi-Fi is a little bit spotty and a little bit unreliable since we've been in the Philippines. It's something that we think everyone needs to be aware of, maybe before coming here. If you are someone like us as a nomad, if you are just coming on holiday, it's probably the best place to unplug because you don't really have to worry about that. But as far as the Wi-Fi speed downloading seems to be okay, but the upload speed is quite slow. Okay. For us as YouTubers and just for our other businesses as well, it's been a bit of a struggle. Yes, so work with me. Okay, so yeah, I totally get it about the upload speed because I am a YouTuber too. And yeah, download, I just wanted to say has improved so much. Since the very first time I came to the Philippines, literally we were walking around with our phones up in the air, trying to get signal, I think everybody who lives in the province or on islands can relate. At a certain point you have to drive to that one spot. The sweet spot where you have the best Wi-Fi. Usually it's, you know, you know, we're not talking about if you have been in the Philippines. But yeah, upload speed is something that could be improved. And you said it's not even really that the Wi-Fi is slow. It's more that it's unreliable. We can still stream movies and things like that, but it's the upload speed that really gets you. And we find that whenever we check into a hotel, the Wi-Fi is fine for the first day. And I think it sort of runs out of data or something because by taking too long for reading, it's really bad. It's really spotty. And we find ourselves having to upload things overnight. We actually, there is something that they should be aware of. So for example, if you're somewhere on the islands and let's say it's cloudy or rainy, the signal might vary. So yeah, island life is not for the digital nomads, I would say at least not yet, until Elon Musk comes to the country to save us. I have a little hack for the slow Wi-Fi, which is purchasing a SIM card to bring around with you. It's really cheap and it's just like an extra backup in case the Wi-Fi doesn't work. There's really two companies you can buy SIM cards. And it's either smart or globe. We work with smart because it had better reviews. And we just went into a store and bought a new SIM card. It was really easy, actually the security guard. I use globe. Yeah. And there's places you can reload that everywhere. But like I said, we haven't really had to use it. We just had it as an emergency. If you're on the little islands or provinces, you can reload it pretty much from anywhere. All right, accommodations. Let's see what they have to say. So number six, and this is something we weren't really expecting, was accommodation seems to be more expensive than other places in Southeast Asia. Yes. Mainly Thailand, Vietnam, and Bali. We're expecting the accommodation to be quite similar, but it's not. You really don't get as much value for money. You have to spend a little bit extra. So to give you an example in Vietnam and Thailand, we were spending like 25 to 30 Australian dollars a night. And we were getting like really good Wi-Fi. Sometimes breakfast, gym, things like that. Really like good hotels, four star hotels. Maybe it had something to do with the pandemic, but in the Philippines, we've really struggled to find anything on the same level for under 60 Australian dollars. Yeah, nothing's really ticked all the boxes for us so far. I guess one of them being the Wi-Fi, if we find somewhere that's beautiful and looks good. Usually the Wi-Fi hasn't been good. So yeah, that has been a bit of a challenge as well since we've been here. That's not just that. Okay, I can relate to this. I've been to a few places stayed at many, many accommodations. And usually the beautiful ones are very expensive. Meaning when they say very expensive, it's somewhere above a hundred dollars per night, which is considered expensive for Southeast Asian standards. Everything in the price range of what they say, like $30 to $50 is okay. I would say you get better accommodations in Thailand or in, for example, Bali for that price point. But yeah, it's very different. I hope this will improve in the Philippines and honestly, I don't really understand why it's so expensive. So maybe you have some answers for me. The Philippines is more expensive. We actually just did a video on the cost of living in the Philippines. You can click the link in the description. But... For free money. Yeah, and other things like food and transport is really cheap here. See food and barbecue, okay? So number five is probably my favorite one. Philippines has the best seafood I've ever had in my life and the best barbecue as well. I've said this in multiple of our videos, so everyone's probably sick of me saying it. But it's true. Delicious and so fresh. Yeah, and honestly, it makes sense because the Philippines is the house of the Philippines and you surround the bike water everywhere you go. So it does make sense that they would have good seafood. But the barbecue is something that really took us by surprise. The barbecue's been awesome. Nice. That's nice to hear. I had a few barbecue's. So number four, traveling around Philippines isn't really cheap. Now, when I say transports cheap, that means like taxis and grabs and motorbike hire. That's all cheap. But because everything's sort of so isolated, if you want to travel from different provinces to other islands, it's not that cheap because you have to either get a flight or you have to get a ferry, which actually isn't that cheap either. You're going to probably spend about $100 to $200 Australian getting from one island to another. Yeah. If you want to get on, hop in in the Philippines. Just be prepared to plan ahead if you can because you will get cheaper flights. But we sort of plan a lot of our stuff last minute, so it wasn't very cheap for us at all. Yeah, I think our way of traveling maybe is a bit different to most. Like if you're coming for a holiday, obviously it's going to be a little bit different than if you are just like a nomad, like us working on the road and planning a few days in advance. But yeah, definitely if you can, plan an advance, do so. But also, if you want to do island hopping, I would highly, highly suggest to go to Palawan. Explore Palawan and do a lot of island hopping there. It's only one spot. You can do all of the things. Even Shagal. Yeah, but I agree. The flights are actually not that cheap. We have cheaper flights in Europe, which doesn't make sense to me. I could fly to London from Vienna for like 10 USD or 20 USD. But a flight to Palawan is around, I would say, 120 USD. So why is it so expensive? Yeah, if I hadn't known how expensive would have been, we probably would have booked a lot of our trip a bit earlier. English speaking. Okay. Interesting one. How many people will speak English here? If you go to some of the smaller islands, it's still a little bit of a grey area where they don't speak as good English. But pretty much everywhere if you walk into a shop or a restaurant and you speak English, they're going to know what you're saying. To an extent anyway, because I've been Australian accent and they don't understand. No one in this. I don't understand Australians that good. All right. American Air Fluence. Oh yeah. So what you want to notice here is really expecting. It's just how much of an American influence there is here. I didn't know, but apparently Philippines is the only country in Asia that doesn't use chopsticks. As we mentioned before, but it is amazing. Interesting. Yeah, I never thought about that. I really like Western Americanized food restaurants all over the Philippines. They also drive on the right hand side of the road. It's a French restaurant. Coming from the other parts of Southeast Asia. They also, as we mentioned, they speak a lot of English and the number one sport in the Philippines is basketball, which is very surprising because everywhere else in Asia, it seems to be like soccer or football, whatever you call it. Lots of soccer here. We're actually going to our first Filipino basketball game in a couple days. So make sure you check out our video. Oh, interesting. As a Canadian, I feel like I felt more at home here because of the American influence. I don't know. Because of all the other countries we've been to, it's a nice coming somewhere that had that American feel to it. It sort of made me feel, yeah, like... There's a strong Western influence. I'd say it's not quite as much of a culture shock as it is going to like Indonesia and Vietnam and Thailand. Okay, weather! Here we go! And number one would be the weather. So the weather's been pretty inconsistent and different everywhere that we've been so far. Yeah, I'll leave it to you. Rainy season, I guess. So it was the first place we really went was El Nido. And it pretty much rained every day, which we knew were coming in the middle of wet season. But then somebody reached out to us and told us that Shigeru is actually dry season. And I thought that can't be possible, like, not that far from each other. I think it was about an hour or something. And it turns out that July is the driest month in Shigeru. And since we've been here, it's been pretty much blue skies every day. It's been beautiful, the best weather and the water and everything, like, just being in Shigeru has been beautiful, like the best. Okay, I can't really blame them because I made the same mistake when we traveled to the Philippines for the very first time. We also went to El Nido. It was rainy season and then we're like, oh my goodness, we have to leave. It's just raining down. It was raining so much that there was no internet, no electricity. There was nothing. It was floods everywhere. So we could just stay in our hotel and we were like, no, we have to leave. So we looked into some other destinations within the Philippines and it turned out that Boracay at that time was sunny. So, yeah, that solved the problem. So sometimes you just have to travel somewhere else within the country because the Philippines is actually... It's a very long stretch. So I would say throughout the whole year you have places to go where it's kind of dry and nice. I think actually the best weather we've had since we've been in Southeast Asia for sure. Yeah, for sure. I mean, it does rain a lot in Shigeru but we just happen to get lucky and be here in the dry months. So if you're planning a trip to the Philippines, it's not a blanket weather system across the whole country. So just do your research and you'll find that there's probably certain areas that you're better off going at certain times a year. Just keep in mind if you are going to these other islands as well, just an extra side note. Because of the rainy season and being on islands, it is a little bit buggy. I've noticed like there's lots of creepy crawlies and mosquitoes are pretty prevalent here. Obviously. From getting a bit, just keep that in mind, bring lots of mosquito repellent with you because I'm someone that gets constantly gets bit by everything. So just to keep that in mind as well. And also being like monsoon season, it doesn't mean it rains all day. It just might be cloudy from the day and you're probably getting an hour or two of rainfall in the afternoon. So it's not too bad anyway. We hope you guys have found this video helpful in some way. If you have, feel free to thumbs up and... Thank you so much guys. Yeah, this was actually interesting for me. I agree with a lot of the things that they mentioned. I'm even thinking about doing my own version on Nellie's live on my other channel where I travel a lot and I've seen a lot of places in the Philippines as well. 50 provinces? Very proud about that. Let me know what kind of things you wish you would have known before coming to the Philippines or what you would like your friends to know abroad. So definitely an interesting video for me. If you enjoyed this video, give it a thumbs up. Subscribe if you are new and want to see more reactions about the Philippines. I kind of like know the Philippines in and out but still learn a lot through these videos. So I hope you enjoyed it today and I'll see you on the next one here on... What's up Philippines? I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I'm going to go to the Philippines.