 Hey guys, Ako Poshiyoshi and this is my younger brother, Kohei. So we are going to react to geography now. Philippines. Finally, as you guys requested. So let's watch. Yes, let's watch. If you don't know anything about Asia, the Philippines is like the jolliest of them all. They're just happy, fun, jolly people. You know what? It's been three years. I'm not taking the store. I've been pushed around. I've been threatened. I've been thrown at the dungeon. I've been the butt of all the jokes. I'm the Filipino one. This is my time. Okay. My time! What's that? What? Welcome to the Philippines. My turn. Okay. He's strong. It's time to learn geography. No! Hey everyone. I can't. And as you know, I'm half Filipino. Years ago, I was looking for a job and I saw this ad asking for a motion graphic animator on Craigslist. Paul and I literally met up at a jolly pee for my aunt. What's Craigslist? Said I was his top three candidates. In reality, there were only three candidates that applied to the country. Technically, I didn't lie. But yeah, the other two people kind of sucked. So yeah. Oh. And back then, I had this weird mustache and Paul's hair was basically... Two people would be like, I'm talking for a long time and weirdly. Ken definitely has to be in this episode. You've come so far from that Craigslist jolly pee interview. You've earned this. Thanks. Andana, Maximola. Jolly pee. Andana, Maximola. The Philippines is an interesting country because there's sort of a dichotomy between labels. If you ask a Filipino if they consider themselves Asian or Pacific Islanders, you might get contrasting answers. What do you consider yourself Ken? Eh, I always thought Pacific Islanders sounded kind of cool, so I usually suck with that. So where's the Philippines? The Philippines is a tropical archipelago of over 7,000 islands, about 2,000 of which are inhabited. And it is the largest island nation without any land borders or shared island territory with another nation. The country is located in Southeast Asia, straddling the Philippines Sea in the North, the South China Sea in the West, and the Sulu and Celebus Sea in the South. Just to skip away lies the island of Borneo, which is split amongst three nations. At the closest point, only about 22 miles or 40 kilometers away from the nearest island that belongs to the Philippines. Now, in general, many people will refer to one of the three main island cluster regions that people are part of. There are La Sona in the North where you can find the capital Manila and where the half of the population is. La Saya, Yves Center, and Midnao in the South. Otherwise, the nation is made up of 17 regions, one of which is autonomous. The Bangsa-Moto Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindenau. This place has a high level of self-rule and autonomy appointed by the government. We'll explain more about this later. If you want to be absolutely technical, Guest and City, a bit north of Manila, is the largest city in the Philippines. However, the surrounding 16 towns and cities by Manila are called Manila Metro for the national capital region. And that means we're called Manila Metro. Otherwise, the largest city outside of the NCR are Devao City in Midnao and Cebu in the Bias. Manila has the largest and busiest airport, Ninoi Aquino International Airport, which is basically the hub that services the entire NCR. They also have the busiest shipping port and the port of Manila. Otherwise, the second largest airport is Cebu-Maktan International and rounding out for the third place is Devao City Francisco-Bangoy International. In terms of land transport, though, the Philippines is well connected amongst the islands. In fact, the longest highway is the Pan-Philippine Highway, that stretches about 3,500 kilometers across the country and connects the Solom-Samaar and Mindenau with underground tunnels connecting them. Finally, the Philippines has only two territorial disputes. The state of Sabah in Malaysia on North Borneo. One's had been part of the Sultanate of Sulu, a Muslim state that existed the 15th century to the 20th century and that's a whole other story. As for the others' dispute, as we mentioned, quite a few times already, this whole area known as the Spratley Islands is a complete mess. If you don't know anything about this place, it basically goes like this. I'm like, go, go, go, go! Yeah, it's pretty crazy. This is the map showing what everyone claims in the area. This big one right here is China's. Like, yeah, they just kind of pretty much went for all of it. This has even led to a few skirmishes between nations that have built patrol stations on the islands. And when they spot a ship that gets too close, things can get kind of ugly. It's kind of like this. Hey, hey, hey, what are you doing? This is my area. I'm just doing some fishing and research here, you know. Why do you have a shovel then? Are you building something? Well, technically there's a land protruding from this reef, so there's no land clank. So you're just gonna build your own land? For research. Anyway, here's some notable spots of interest. Fort Santiago, Magellan's Cross, San Agustin Church, Sagada hanging coffins, Agulando Shrine, Seguz Philippine Tau's Temple, Shrine of Mama Mary and Tagaytai, the Lapu Lapu Shrine, the Netapark, MacArthur Landing Site, Vanauy Rice Terraces, Malacan Young Palace, Viggan has many historical and colonial buildings, the various national museums of history and arts, tons of amusement park, and that's not even including all the natural wonders of the Philippines. They have an underground river, the most amazing beautiful beaches in the universe. Those that look like lumps of chocolate. And there's an island in a lake, in an island in a lake, in an island. Huh, we should hang out sometime. Yeah, when you have 7,000 tropical islands on a volcanic archipelago, chances are things can get pretty crazy landscape-wise, which brings us to... ...the actual physical land of the Philippines is the biggest treasure you will find here for sure. Anyway, the Philippines lies on the ring of fire and is specifically on a tectonic plate named after them, the Philippine Plate. And about 95% of the land is made up of the 11 largest islands. The country was essentially formed through the tectonic activity between the Philippines, Manila, and the mainland out trenches. It's not going to be the second deepest in the world. This makes the country susceptible to small earthquakes and minor volcanic activity. About 53 active volcanoes can be found in all of these largest islands, except for Palawan. The most famous and picturesque of these include these three. See this island here? Kamiguin? It actually has more volcanoes than towns on it. Seven versus five, making it the place with the most number of volcanoes per square kilometer. This is so nameful. In fact, the tallest peak in the Philippines is a potential... ...weak to the volcano, Mount Apple, located in the South-Writtenau area. The country has numerous mountain ranges and highlands that dip into the fertile valleys, the largest range being the Cordillero range in the north-Luson area, hooking into the Sierra Madre range on the east side, which feeds the longest river of the country, the Cagayan, that flows into the Cagayan valley. This valley along with the central Luson valley are the largest arable cronlands and produced nearly all the roots in the Philippines. The Pesias are known for growing the Pesias. They are icy. Resmined now specializes heavy in coconut and fruit production. So all the rice, you can find the largest lake in the country, Lake Laguna de Baya, which is actually in the caldera of Adora, in volcano. The lake has a weird detached island called Talim and is actually drained by the Paseek river that flows through the capital Manila. And finally, the country is the heart of Typhoon territory. They can come at almost any time of the year. The National One's periods on average about 20 of the turbulent storms, annually, which often floods in many river systems. But yeah, if anything, Filipinos are the most cyclone-adapted people on Earth. They're used to it. The water has always been kind of their thing. Swimming, sailing, fishing, just not exactly quite diving into it. Otherwise, the Philippines is one of the 17 mega-diverse nations on Earth. They actually have the largest level of marine wildlife diversity in the world within their waters and the highest rate of animal discovery on the planet with 16 new mammals species that were discovered in the past decade alone. They have everything from the longest snake in the world, the reticulated python. Longest snake. The largest species of giant clam are found in the Philippines. The world's smallest hoofed animal, the Philippine Moustier, and the National first of the year. The largest eagle in the world. Economically speaking, the Philippines is considered a newly industrialized nation. It is transitioning out of becoming an agricultural base system to a service and manufacturing base one. They have like three of the top 10 largest mauls on Earth. Ooh, just to you, Wade, I'm taking the top spot soon. They're one of the fastest growing economies in the world. The most important part is the economy in the world. Their GDP purchasing power parity has surpassed the $2 trillion mark. Basically, the Philippines is definitely becoming a key power player in the world stage. It's like, I lost. We're so rich. Welcome from the party. Someday, for what is worth though, mining, fishing, and agriculture are strong industries as well. They are currently the world's largest nickel and abacat or manila hemp producers and the second largest coconut producer after Indonesia. Tourism, though, is another important industry taking up about 8% of their GDP and playing over 3 million people. And now, food. Now in the Philippines, every region has their own specialty and culinary strength. Yeah, every dish looks like a very exploded. Lost of dishes you can eat comagayan kamayi or eat with their hands. Yeah, pretty much everything has rice and then you're going to get a lot of grease, and salt, and vinegar, and a lot of like, I don't care if that looks like it goes there or not. I'm still going to eat it anyway. Right, Ken? Yeah, that's Filipino food. Yeah. There's really no official national dish, but three meals that are well known for are a dobel, lumpia, and sinigang. And the normal salinas. That's right. They're all dishes like Tagalog steak, dinola, pancitte, lukewarm, karekare, six tig, tapsilo, balut, kalei, and my favorite Filipino dish, palabok, just put some nice little lemon juice on the top. So, it's probably got to say it's palabok. If you don't know what jali-b is, it's a little palabok. I wish we had the Philippines. Like a McDonald's in KFC, adopted a Filipino baby, and they even added spaghetti to their menu for some reason. Otherwise, Filipino's artists are experts. They love their ube, ube everything. Ube ice cream, ube bread, ube pie, ube cakes. They also have like sapin, sapin, and cassava cakes. Those are the best desserts in my opinion. They also have hollow, hollow. Let's say flat, turon, buco pandan, en butto. What you coming? If you're either planet, or American, or Spanish, you may notice some of those foods are also found in Latin cuisine. And there's a reason for that. Yeah, let's look at what's playing that in. Now, only in the Philippines, can you find people that have Spanish names, speak English, celebrate an Austrian-easian culture, and cook Chinese. General MacArthur once said, give me a thousand Filipino soldiers, and I will conquer the world. Yeah, for some reason, Filipinos are like the best friends of Asia. Filipino still have the best attitudes and smiles. They even give time off felony sentences if the prisoner is volunteered to take part in a Michael Jackson dance performance to the public. Ah, but we're getting ahead of ourselves. First, the graph. The country is about 110 million people and is the eighth most populated country in Asia, and the 12 most populated country in the world. There are about 175 ethnolinguistic people groups and the majority of whose languages are Austrian-easian. Of these groups, the largest one is the Tagalog. One is the 18th. 13% are the Cibuanos. The 9% is just 28% of the Italian. Pressor made up of other groups plus a small minority of non-native citizens, mostly Asians and Americans. It's important to note, though, that the Philippines has about 10.2 million people overseas worldwide. It is one of the largest diaspora pop-up countries spanning over 100 countries. The US alone has about 4 million. I mean, they were at one point colonized by the US, so go figure. 4 million. I wonder how many Filipinos he used. Western. Well, the Philippines has two official languages. English, which makes in the 5th most English-speaking nation on Earth, and Filipino, which is the standardized version of Tagalog. The Philippine Tagalog language spoken today is a very different from pure Tagalog. It actually has about 14% Spanish. 10% Malay, and 7% English mixed into English. When I studied Tagalog, you could see the influence of words like Vinte Lador, Lapo, Zipapos, and Babilil. Often, Filipinos were substituted with a P. And Gusto Paul. He was Korean. Gusto Paul. High five with minimal consonants. Oh, and fun fact can't stop me this. In Tagalog, you can actually say an entire conversation just using the syllable Ba. For example, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba. Well, that was fun. Otherwise, in the Bessias, in Vinte Lador, I'm super happy to go to this common language, as well as the other regional tongues like Warai and Daboeno. They even have the only Spanish-based creole in Asia. Javacano, located in Zabuangala City. Now, the Philippines is unique in that over a past few centuries, they've gone through three periods that shaped their identity. Before European intervention, the Philippines has had a multitude of early civilizations that built kingdoms, like the Tondor, Damayan, the Pangasinan, and the Sulu Sondor. Because of their right hands. Many of these kingdoms had their own indigenous writing system, such as the Babayan, Buhi, Eskayan, and Kulitaj. But genetically, Filipinos are classified as belonging to the broader Austronesian people group with their closest cousins being the Micronesians, like the Mariana Islanders, Guam, and Palau. Although over the years, many people have mixed, and today it is speculated that some are around one-fifth or more of the population may have some kind of Chinese ancestry. After the Spanish came in, they adopted many of the customs traditions and cultural traits, which have Spanish roots. Their own country is named after Spanish King Philip. The biggest trait, though, would be the fact that they are predominantly Catholic at about 81% of the population adhering to the faith. The rest are mostly Protestant with a small Muslim minority in the South Mindanao area. The Philippines is the largest Christian in Asia, fifth largest Christian nation on earth, and third largest Catholic nation after Brazil and Mexico. They have so many holidays and festivals devoted to Catholic themes, like all Saints Day, the Holy Week, and Easter, and of course, the largest one, Christmas. The Philippines has the longest Christmas season out of different cultures and... But this is now we're just going to wrap it on a list of 12 fun cultural facts for the Philippines. Filipinos have a ton of superstitions. For example, Whistling at Night will turn you to a werewolf. For formal occasions, you may see Filipinos wearing traditional barons for men and Maria Clatta or Mistees' addresses for women. There are many other traditional costumes and customs for the other 170 ethnic groups. Too many to cover, but it goes everywhere. From feathers, coconut fibers, hair dresses, tribal tattoos, and so on. It's being a witch. Filipinos dominates major international beauty pageants with a grand total of 15 victories at the Miss Universe, Miss World, Miss International, and Miss Earth competitions. Basketball and boxing are the most popular sport by far. They have the oldest basketball league in Asia and the second oldest in the world after the United States. And come on, we all know Pacquiao. The Philippines is the leading nation to train and export nurses abroad. It's been said at one point every Filipino has their... Should I just drop everything and become a nurse moment in their life crisis? That's a fact. I've had those. And the word Balik Bayan means returner or returning family. It is used when someone comes back from an ex-pat worker abroad. You might hear the honorific title of Paul or Opal, Bambam and Merl. Every Filipino on every island in every region can tell you. Filipinos are obsessed with karaoke. The first karaoke machine was actually patented by a Filipino Roberto del Rosario even though some Japanese do it. So that was pretty cool. He patented it on the same. Yeah, like the way Balik Bayan is. Besides taking modern cues from American pop, they also have traditional style. Insurance include things like Guadalajapi, Gilitang, Guimbal, Gubin, and Togali. In addition, there are many different styles of dance. But the most famous one considered the national dance is Tinikling. A dance done between two pairs of particular bamboo poles that are clapped together as percussion tools. And the dancers must bring their feet in and out in the spaces before they get more tripped. Yeah, let's do more. Objective note, we do have to talk about some of the controversy. Cutting? The Philippines is beautiful, but if you were picking up with current events, they could have actually created issues that made headlines. We don't sure if you could quote that. Cutting. Human trafficking, whether in the sex industries, slavery or organ smuggling has been a problem in certain areas. And even though anti-trafficking acts have been passed by the government, enforcement has not always been on par. The drug trade has also been a major inconvenience for decades affecting millions of people in the country. This has led to the new controversial laws instituted by President Duarte, which encouraged the public to seek bounty in exchange for hunting down drug pushers, many have died in the process. And finally, you have the Morole Conflict, an insurgency in the predominantly Muslim-Mindinale region, which sought to take parts of Eastern Malaysia and break away through conflict. The fight has been going on for nearly half a century and now it's just ending at the turn of the 21st century. Kind of. For what is worth, though, in the Philippines, everyone is family at the end. You don't have to be related to anyone to call someone atte or kuyya. There's even a word by a nihan, which means something like helping one another through community spirit without expecting anything to return. In any case, we've got to finish off the segment with history. Austronesians, tribal kingdoms, and saltinets. This guy came to the islands. Catholicism comes in. Lappu, Lappu, and Magellan dies in battle. So fast history. So fast history. We've finally become a colony of Spain. The Galiant trade. British Philippines. And then back to Spain. The Treaty of Paris. Philippine Revolution. The Spanish-American War. First Philippine Republic. Philippine American War. American occupation. World War II, Japan invades. American pushes them back. Finally, Philippine independence. Ferdinand Marcos turned from president to dictator. Marshal Law. This guy gets killed because he was against the regime. People power revolution in 1986. Growth from agricultural society to an industrial one. And here we are today. And now we finish off with the notable famous people condensed. Some famous people, you guys, the Pinoid Geography suggested we mention in this episode include. Lappu, Lappu. Jose, Rizal. These two saints. Melkorra, Aquino. Manuel, El, Quezán. La Candula. Josefayanes, Escoda. And Vicente Lim. Carlos, Peña, Ramulo. And all the mis-Universe winners. And there's a ton of Americans with Filipino or partial Filipino descent. Yeah, you can see there's lots of American Filipino. So, please, you get a lot of that tight. We'll explain more on how that happened. In. Because of the long history in the Philippines being colonized by two major Western powerhouses, it would make sense that it would have ties with the outside world in many different ways. For friends, the Philippines is generally close with all the ASEAN nations. And does great business with them, particularly Indonesia and Malaysia, their closest neighbors. The martial islands, Palau, and the federal states of Micronesia are all cousin countries, many of which have Filipino migrants in them. And they all share the same history of being former US territories and US-influenced states. Of course, Spain will always be in the back of their minds as the former colonizer that they gained much influence from. Although Filipinos are not considered Latino, the Spanish and many Latin Americans kind of see them as like the adopted Asians that totally fit in their family. It's like, come on, you're Catholic, you eat flan, every fifth word you speak of Spanish, you're basically one of us. Interestingly enough, the relationship with Mexico has historically been always strong. The Philippines was ruled under a Mexico-based vice royalty of New Spain. The Manila Galleons were Spanish trading ships, which for two and a half centuries linked the Philippines with Mexico across a Pacific Ocean. Making one or two round trip voyages per year between the ports of Accapulco and Manila. And Mexican traditions were bought in like the day of the dead and Jamforado. When it comes to their best friends, however, most Filipinos would probably say even though colonial years were a little bit bumpy, ultimately the USA and South Korea. South Korea was one of their closest best friends from the 20th century on. World War II really bonded with them after the Japanese occupation years and they supported each other diplomatically. Koreans are the top number one tourist demographic that visit the Philippines. Koreans kind of admire the fact that even though they were both influenced by the US, Filipinos speak better English, whereas Filipinos practically obsess over Korean products and media. Aw, us. That's why we're in India. For the USA, ties were closed ever since they became their colony in 1898. The US also had the largest number of overseas Filipinos at over 4 million, most of whom live on the West Coast states, like Hawaii and California. They are one of the oldest Asian partners of the US. They have a mutual defense treaty and they are the largest export partner and second largest import after China. American pop culture dominates much of the youth influence. Hollywood studios love filming there and Gallup polls have shown that the USA is favored on average by over 90% of the people asked making it one of the most pro-American countries on the planet. And can you take the conclusion? In conclusion, if you enter a room full of Asians, you definitely know who the Filipinos are. While everyone's so uptight, we're the ones seeking karaoke and summer-sulting. You could just feel the energy of a Filipino. There's a touch of Latin flavor with American pop undertones. But in the end, no matter what island, you're immediately considered part of the Penoi family. Ken, you're one of my best friends. I love you, man. I'm so proud of you. Thanks. Stay tuned! Poland is coming up next. Oh, next Poland. I mean, like, there were so many informations and now I want to just like, uh, like, overwound. Like, you know, well, yeah, like, uh, I love the history in the video. And... Well, the history part was like so far, so... Yeah, I love the history. Well described in animation. Yeah, yeah, well described. The Philippines has so many different, like so many new species they found. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's so amazing. It's like, non-touched. Right, human. Yeah, you love knowledge. Not destroyed, yeah. That's awesome. That's awesome. Yeah, I love to see this. And now we realize that how close we are from the Philippines. There's a map. Yeah, so close. Yeah, so that's it for today. Thank you guys for watching. We learned something. Definitely a video from this video. So many things. So please subscribe to our channel and also hit the like button so we're on those. Also, please comment whatever you want to comment. And see you guys next time. Bye. Bye.