 Hello everyone, welcome to Philipine Family Life with Leia's channel. Welcome. And today I am with my husband, Dairy. We're going to share with you our budget expenses. We get a lot of requests to do another budget video since we move into our new place. So today we're going to share with you this is a reality budget video. It is. It's a real budget video for those that are planning on coming to the Philippines. They want to live a comfortable life. Right? And I say that because how many times you've seen a budget video or people talking about or asking how cheaply can I come out to the Philippines for? How cheaply can I live off per month? You know, sometimes you get, well, I've got my social security and it's only a thousand dollars a month. Can I live in a Philippines and survive on a thousand? Well, the answer to that question and you've probably seen those videos if that's what you're looking for, yes, you could survive. But I would question whether you really want to come out here on that type of a budget. Maybe some people do. Maybe some people just cannot make it work in their own country. They don't want to work anymore. They're done. They've got their social security and there's a thousand dollars a month and they just want to get away and not work anymore and then just retire. Just want to survive? Right. So could you do that? You could. Now for me, I just kind of imagine why you would want to come out here on that type of budget and live that way because you're not going to live very comfortably and at a thousand dollars a month, you might want to forget having a girlfriend or what do you think? Yeah, you come out here because it's cheap in here and then you still going to be, you know, I don't understand those people. Well, hey, look, if they're happy, they're happy to be alone and just want to survive. You can do it, but to get out, leave your country and say, this is it for the rest of my life. Welcome to retirement. I would want a little better life than that. A lot more to boy, yeah. So our budget is what we think is just a real budget for having a reasonable standard of life, no stress and just being realistic. I'm pretty comfortable too. Yeah. So let's go through some of the items. I mean, the basic costs of living and we'll talk about some of the extras at the end, but let's start with the obvious one because everybody's going to have a place to live. So rent. Now, we're currently paying in the house, we've just moved to 28,000 pesos a month. Yeah, and I think we have a very good deal with that one. How much is that in dollar? It's about 500 US dollar a box only per month, which is, you know, if you haven't seen the video, go back and watch it on this channel called our new home, I think it was called. And you can see it all the house. Yeah, perfect for a family. Yeah, we've got a four bedroom house, big yard. It's a very convenient location, close to the city, close to shopping malls. So I think we've got a pretty good deal at 28,000 a month. Now our last house, we just moved from, we're still a nice house, it was 20,000 a month. Yeah, these are not much different, too? No, really isn't. So anything around that range, you'll get a decent place, 20 to 30,000. Anywhere there you should be able to get a pretty decent place to live. Yeah. Okay, so let's check that one. 500 US dollar a month or 28,000. I'll put the screen, I'll put the numbers on the screen as well. So second, we do have our groceries. Now the groceries are the biggest expense. Yeah, especially, you know, I can relate if you're with a foreigner, it's more expensive with the groceries because you're going to need to get decent meat like, you know, chicken, fish, good fish. Yeah. Absolutely. And I went back over the last, every month is going to be a little different, it's not a set cost, right? It's going to vary every month. But I can say we're reasonably consistent. I've been looking back over the previous months and we probably spend, remember we're a family of four, but we probably spend on just, this is just the grocery store, all your food that you're bringing into the house and vegetables and fruits and everything. We are currently at about 35,000 per month, which is a round, I'm sorry, it's my car. 650. $650, yeah. US dollar on groceries. I think that's a lot, but from what I hear... I feed Gary's wheels. Well you do feed, she does feed me well. Again, you've done videos on that and you feed me very well and I've been told that groceries cost a lot more in US now from what I remember. So I don't know, I'm assuming 650 a month is probably not bad for a family of four. Yeah, we're four and that's included, you know, like, graces, diet for milk and everything. Yeah, that's pretty much it. I think that's a lot, you know, we want to eat well. Yeah, and still on the theme of eating, another big expense is dining out. Not again, you're... It's getting expensive as well, you're... Well, it is getting more expensive, that's for sure. But again, if you're going to come out here to retire, you're not going to want to cook every night. You're going to want to go out. We stay in probably a little more because we've got the kids. Yeah, yeah. But we do like to go out and we go out probably at least three times a week. Plus lunches and other three times a week. Yeah, like, three to four. Yeah, that's great. Yeah, so we've got our budget right now for dining out. It's approximately 25,000 a month we're spending on eating out at restaurants and lunches. It's just that field, which is approximately 450 US dollar. Yeah. Yeah, so it feels really expensive, doesn't it? Yeah, like every time we go, it's like the menu, the price is gone up really. Like every time we eat out, I think we spend like 12, 100 something. Between... Usually between a thousand, thousand and five. Yeah, that's a special special. Yeah, yeah. Well, suddenly hope so. Yeah, so go ahead. What's the next one? We do have a list because we don't want to miss anything. This is the, as we said, this is reality. Gas for cars. Oh, yeah. One, okay. So we drive a car and we have to gas in it. So that's an expense. But if you come out here, you don't have a car. I think you're still going to have to take... Tri-sicles. Tri-sicles. I think it's probably more expensive. Probably cost you more, so... Yeah, if you live in the uphill. Yeah, absolutely. So currently we're spending around 6,000 pesos a month on putting gas in the car and the bike. Yeah, and we're glad that we move closer to the city and now it's cheaper compared to what we used to pay it. And when we're in Apolone, right? Yeah. It's expensive because it's uphill. It costs more gas. Yeah. Yeah, sure. So it's about 110 US dollar. I'm spending on gas for the car. Okay. Let's talk about the bills for the house. We got electric gas for cooking and water bill. Okay. So... Let's start with electric. Yeah. It's significantly increased for us because when we were living in our last house off of Valencia, the temperature is much cooler in Valencia as a lot of you know. And our electric bill is quite low. Yeah, because we don't have air conditioning. Right. But now we're close to the city and we have air conditioning in two rooms in my office and in the bedroom. So we've usually got at least one air conditioner running most of the time. Yeah, at least one. I mean, all night in our bedroom and in the office when I'm here, I've got the air conditioner on. So right now, I hope it doesn't go up, but our first bill is around 8,000 per month, which is about 150 US dollar. So that would be for our electric bill. Yeah. Yeah, next water. We got water here is more expensive because it's different in line here in Tumagari. We're paying 500 pesos monthly. That's around 9. Yeah, that's around 9. 9 dollars. Yeah, when we were living in Valencia, we didn't pay anything. Yeah, but the pressure is not good. The pressure is like you can actually take a shower or a proper shower, right? That's true. You have the water pressure is good here and I'm quite happy to pay an extra $9 a month. I have a decent water pressure. So yeah, small, small, small expense, but one you've got to have, of course. Yeah. Gas for cooking. For cooking? Yeah, cooking. All right, so we have those big propane tags. 11 kilogram. And it will last me for almost two months and it cost like a thousand eighty pesos. Something like that. Yeah. Yeah, so about, I think I've got it averaged about 600 pesos a month. You said it lasts you two months? Yeah, yeah, almost two months. Almost, yeah, okay. So, I know it's $10 US dollar. Or on that. Okay, next honey. All right. So I think this is the last house, like it feels. House of twins. Like, Wi-Fi, we've got Wi-Fi 1,700 pesos per month. That's what we paid. And that's about like 30 US dollar. Right. Yeah, that's a good Wi-Fi. We get good Wi-Fi. Well, it's pretty good. I mean, yeah, the speed on the cost, the speed have come down a lot of the last few years. Right now, they're plan, we pay like 1,700 approximately and we're getting 200 NBPS, 200 NBPS plan. So, and it's usually running a little faster than that. So, yeah, pretty good speed. And not too bad of a cost. That's $30 US dollar. You said that already, isn't it? Okay. All right, let me talk about the next one because this is my fault, the next experiment. And then you know what again, you're out of here. You want to have a reasonable life, you don't want to come here and not ever go out. Yeah. So, I like to go to the coffee shops a lot and sometimes with you, it's like I go sometimes just by myself. And I estimate I'm spending about 4,000 pesos a month on coffee, which is about 75. But isn't it just coffee sometimes you get some, grab some lunch, you know, that's included. No, included the lunch in the food. Yeah, our coffee. So, it's just coffee. Coffee. Coffee and maybe, okay, coffee and cookie. Yeah. Want to get a cookie? Go zero. Go zero, you make a lot of money from here. No. I don't know, $75 is a lot of money, but it's not too bad. Okay, so there's that. And then again, if you're a family out here, what do you love that? Yes. If you're a family out here, another cost you may have. And it gets a lot of job costs, but I think most foreigners that are out here want to put their kids in a good school. And that means a private school, which means you're going to pay money. You pay a lot more. Well, yeah, yeah, yeah. We have her actually starting a new school in a couple of weeks. That's another video we're talking about at school. Yeah, yeah. School system. We're going to review for school year in New Guinea. Yeah, we'll do that sometime. Anyway, we're moving less out of one school because we're not overly thrilled with it. And start a new one that our cost on that is about averages monthly and at 4,500. So 4,500 pesos per month, about 80 US dollar for the school. Okay. And then a couple of other things to keep in mind. By the way, four, four, four, we talked about the other things to keep in mind. So there you're basic living costs for a family of four. And I mentioned less. And her schooling, well, we got another one. Yeah, it's getting expensive having kids. Grace is only three and she hasn't started school, but next summer or sooner, she'll also be going to the same school. And so we can add another four to that, so by the way, more. Yeah, but for now, we're not paying that and we're sharing our budget. So we've got about basically, we've got about 130,300. Pass us. Yeah, which again, this round office is just a little bit more, but about 2000 US dollar. Okay. And we live a pretty comfortable life. We're comfortable in not like, you know, trying to be living in a very tight budget. That's really comfortable with a family. We are like poor, we're including mama as well. Right, right. Now, other things to keep in mind when you're thinking of coming out here and planning a budget, other things to remember is this going to be medical costs, dental costs. They're always coming. We just had a blessed had a cavity that cost me 3000. Yes. A cell. But some dental work and doctors visits. Things to do. And medication, a couple of, well, merges you, I can't really, but just basic health maintenance, there's going to be costs. I suggest out here you allow another 5000 per month for dentists. Doctor, I mean, maybe one month is nothing in the next month, maybe a little more, but you should at least budget for medical and dental expenses, unless you got shorts, of course. So that's something you should think about. And another thing, honey, is people that come out here again, they'll probably want to travel a little bit now and then go, go, go visit other islands, go to resort here and there. Whatever you like to do, some people like to go scuba diving. Maybe you go, going to the big city. So travel costs. I mean, again, you want to budget. I can't give a number on that because everybody's different. For us, we probably, we don't go away that much, do we? No, the last time we went get away, it was in Sikihwar and how much we spent that time. Well, it's probably 20,000 for a three-nice thing. Yeah, family for you. With food and everything. Yeah, souls. And we don't do that often. Not only like there is occasion like last time our honeymoon and maybe we're thinking about it. My birthday, blessed birthday is coming up next month. So maybe we'll do that. Yeah, there you have it. That's a lot of money, but I'm already expecting people to say, oh, I spent your money very well. Like, when we did our house tour, a lot of people say, oh, you spoiled your wife. There's something like that. Well, the way you YouTube channels growing, you might be spoiling me soon. No. Well, so there you have it, guys. We think that especially if you're a family, you've got kids, one or two kids, you want to have a comfortable life out here. You're going to be around $2,000 a month and you need to have a little more of a nap for the other things we mentioned. So maybe you up that to about $2,500 a month and say you've got to have that kind of money coming. I mean, probably should have at least $2,500 coming in a month to cover for the extra little things. And depending on the lifestyle you want, maybe a lot more. Yeah, maybe it depends. Because there's some foreigners just want to live simply, you know, if they're used to it. And you, you're, you just want to be eating like egg or some like. I can rise. The rice with brown rice fish, something like that. It fish everything. You just want to live like that, right? Because you're not used to that kind of lifestyle. You want to be comfortable. So other, I don't mind if other foreigners live a simple life. If they're used to it, they can survive with that kind of lifestyle and they're happy. So why not? But yeah, we got kids like we want to be comfortable. Yeah. So there you go. That's the real budget video that I think that's what you really should be thinking about having to spend a month if you want a comfortable life. So there you have it guys. Thank you so much, honey, for being with me in this video. You want to tell them your YouTube channel's name? My channel is American Christian in the Philippines. Please check it out and subscribe. I would appreciate that. Yeah, thank you for watching till the end guys and we'll see you in our next video or live stream. Bye for now. God bless everybody.