 Okay, we have to say to get a high love list and go back to our channel. Let's say to get something different. Hey, I love you. Welcome to my channel. Alright, let's go. Once again. Hi, I love this. It's work. Hi, I love this. Welcome back to my channel. Hi, I love this. Welcome back to my channel. Okay, alright, so welcome back. My name is Happiness and that's on the go. Just in case you've seen my face for the first time. My name is Joyers with other poems. And this is... Felly. Yes, Felly hasn't had a child before. And I will be able to get guys right here about its first impression, about the Philippines just in case you haven't seen that in yet. So for today's video, we will be talking about this... Challenges. See, the first time I got here, there were a little... You know, some little problems. So for today's video, we're talking about his challenges. Challenges. It's... So funny. Alright, so if you don't want to know what he has faced, or encounter me at the Philippines as a foreigner, and how he over... and how he also overcame his life in blood and delab. Somebody who works on my channel. Yeah, he's still one. And how he also overcame all the trials, and the challenges that you have to keep watching this video. Okay. Yeah, almost hung myself. Not really. Not literally. You must have talked about it. Look at this. Yeah, it's... Some... What are the challenges you faced as a foreigner in Philippines? It depends on what... It feels like you want to cry. What? It depends on what... Well, you know, challenges... All round. Oh, I can't tell you anything. I can't tell you anything. You can tell some things. I can only tell you... Some things that would actually encourage people. One or two, not all of it. But these that would encourage people, you know. Why should I talk about my study life? Or... Why are you laughing? What? Talk about your works. That one. What do you mean? Oh, about work. No, I wish you all... Talk about that one. There is no one to talk about. Let's go. Okay, we can hear you, sir. This is actually to encourage people all day. Or that foreigner is in here. Okay, let's go. Let's hear it. I got here in 2012. February 22nd to be precise. And at first it was just... Another chilled treat, right? We just hear in the Philippines. I'm going to stay here for a while. And then I decided to go to school. And while in school... The first major problem I had... Here was actually... Algebra. Thinking about it, I had this math teacher that only speaks hilly guy, no? Yeah. We literally... I had no idea what he was saying in class. But I needed to pass that subject. Yeah. There was this day he gave us a... A homework. I didn't know he gave us a homework. So I'm like... I got there, I got to school the next day. And they were like, oh, we have this assignment. I was like, when? Like the teacher said it. When, how? I didn't understand when he said it. Because I don't understand hilly guy, no? I would see her like only four months. So anyway, to make up for it, the teacher decided to give us a pop quiz. I didn't know we were going to get a pop quiz. I didn't know what he was saying. I just saw students tearing our shit up paper. Reading activity, buddy. Yeah, I was like, okay, yeah, let me join them. It was 50 questions. I got zero of a 50. Wow, amazing! That was a great score. And then I said to myself, I was like, I can't feel. I never feel. And the funny thing is it is that in all of the exams I've ever written, I've never felt. So why should I start failing? Yeah. This is not how I plan to stop my first year, right? So every other subject, I'm in the line of nine, right? Why am I struggling with 74, 73? So the fourth of the three is that you low grade the end of the Philippines. And you know it's a high school in Nigeria, but here it is. Yeah, in Nigeria, 75 is an eight. And do you know what it takes to get 75 in Nigeria? Your brain has to be like, warning. Notice what you get at 75 in Nigeria is what somebody who's getting a magnum, come out of there here. Okay. So a whole different bracket. Anyway, so I survived that subject because I had to start teaching myself. I started, I'm not good with math. I've never been really good with math. I'm good with other subjects. If it's something I can visualize, I can do it. I don't know how to visualize math. People go to X plus this. Why would two X plus Y? Doesn't make sense. Anyway, I had to start forcing myself to learn algebra. And I passed. I got a 2.5. I was like, ooh, 2.5, that's great. You don't know how much relief that is for me that I survived that class. But the next semester, I had a triangle. I had a triangle. Now this lady, the new teacher speaks English. Then I realized I'm not stupid. I actually knew math. I just didn't have somebody to speak a language I understood. And I got a good grade for a triangle. I got a 1.5. So I could do it the whole time. But the teacher, that was a language problem. There's still a language problem right now. But it's not as bad as before. Now, if you speak English, I pick the words. I know what you're saying. I just can't see back. It took a while to break that barrier, that problem. I have another challenge that I had here. In the Philippines, I was saying that I really don't know how to go out a lot. I go out. But when I go out, it's more like I show up. And I try to go home before 12. Nobody gave me a curfew or just nothing. That's just you. That's just because I go one out by too many people. That's like you are into a lot. I'm more like an ambivore. I can't be with people. But I can't stay too long with people. It kind of depletes my energy. So I want to go home. But then people want me to always hang around. Because not like now I'm really small. I used to be like super buff. And we're like, you're fails. You're fails. You're fails. I'm like, it's too much noise. I just want to chill. So sometimes it made me lose some friends. That they always want to hang out. And I'm not really into that hanging out. I'll rather you come to my house. Just come to my house. The house might get dirty after you guys leave. But I feel safer because it's my space. But then after like a few hours with you guys in my house, I'm trying to not keep going. I'm trying to not keep you out. Like, gosh. I need to sleep already. I've always felt, ooh, you were when I was young. Yeah. So that's one. You know, it's really bad how I didn't want to associate with so many people. Because during my thesis, I was like, I'm going to do it alone. I think most people are more sparing at actually going that mindset though. Yeah. I wanted to do my thesis alone. I literally, literally, give my thesis topic just by myself. So by then my class says I'm an IT student. They didn't want me to do it alone. The topic is too good for just you. So they paired me up with the team of, okay, we were the team of the guys that don't expect to meet. The girl in my team didn't really know that much coding. In order to guys, they were really good at coding. For me, I was more concerned about the graphics. Because we were trying to make a 3D map of our school. So at first, that was the idea, the 3D map of the whole school. How hard can that be until we started? And we got to designing the College of Arts and Science. That took us almost a month. We were like, okay, there's no way we're doing the whole school. Yeah. Because we have to build each classroom, like the way they really are. It's all there in the program. So when the student comes in, the idea is when somebody comes into this data of San Augustine, they would be like, you know, the regular boards as they are in the mall, you touch where you're going, and it shows you the whole direction. Like, in real space. So you see the actual corridor, and you know what the class looks like. So it gives you the direction. You can walk with it. You have the phone app. You can just go with your phone and walk. You see what you're seeing is what's in front of you. Every single thing. Yeah, that's what we build. Yeah, anyway. It was during that build that I realized, okay, finally I needed friends. These guys are really good. Yeah, bro, thanks for coding. Like we go through the night and go to school in the morning. And we all look like zombies. But it was worth it. Don't work. My work life here in the Philippines has always been dynamic. Some days it's all, some weeks it's like running down. Lately it's been under down low because of COVID. Everybody's been chill. Well, before that, it used to be like, this spot to that spot, we're shooting here, we should have the camera here, camera there. So it's really, really wonderful. But the challenge would work, how's to do with understanding my clients. Sometimes you, because I produce music, right? I do some tracks for most of the work. So sometimes the client wants something chill. And then you make something chill and they're like, that is too chill. Can you unchill the chill? So then you try to unchill it, it will like us to upbeat. So it's like you can never really satisfy them. And then they're like, you know what? I have this song on internet, take it and play. And you're like, we have a copyright. We don't have to play that song. They won't buy it. They expect you as a client to figure all that stuff out. And when you do it, they'll look at this is what it costs. Because you have to pay extra for copyrights, right? But then they wouldn't want to pay that extra. How would you want something so great? We know we need to pay. Yeah, yet you know we need to pay the extra for that. It's like one in a DSLR, and a phone. Oh, let's use one. You want some song, S21, or you want the iPhone 12 quality of image on a J7. You get the comparison, like the budget of a J7 over that. Sometimes it doesn't work. Man, it's not just heartbreaking when you have to convince a client that for you to get something going, you need to put the extra amount. My last client was a huge client. They gave us a time constraint of about four days to make a video for their company. Because they're using it to pitch. So four days, we have to shoot in two days. I did it in two days. So that's huge. But you build them the money, and the client is like, oh, no problem. I'm sending you the cash right away. You feel the joy you're like, all right, this client already challenged me. Yeah, I have to put everything. We didn't sleep Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday. We were on it. Everybody's in. I think I only got in a day, I get like one or two hours of sleep. I was shooting a mega mode. So you need a permission to get into the buildings. We had to run all that permission. It took me, I was drinking monster. The energy drink. I was drinking it like it's water. Because I needed to stay away. My feet were hurting, but it was worth it. Because the client didn't say no. They didn't try to beat down our price. They gave us the money. We just had to put in your face. And they were like, anything else? I love those kind of clients. But you can always have those clients. Yeah, you can't owe it. I mean, there's like 2% of the hungry. There are very few clients, I guess, who work. Relationships, oh my god. She was waiting for that part. I love waiting for it, you know. Relationships, well, that's been chaotic. I'm really, really chaotic. I wouldn't say I'm the right person. Because I'm a good friend. I'm a good brother. I'm like a good person in general. Let me use that term. Well, when it comes to relationships, like intimate relationships, I kind of suck at it. I've never, I mean, I've had a relationship where it was really good. But then it was toxic because we had so much fights. It's like the most common part of my relationships. That's that denominator of fights. And it's mostly terms from the things I don't do a say. Because when you have, when you're with somebody from what I've learned from my own experiences, it's easier to solve a problem when you talk about it. Yeah, communication is key. And like I said before, I'm not really a people person. So when we have a, when there's a problem, I just keep it in my self. That's you. It's not always healthy. That's why my relationships didn't really find out, especially with a mother of my son. Because there are things we couldn't fix. There are things that could have spoken if we had talked. And it's after we've broken up and everybody's moved on. Then we started becoming friends. Like we weren't really friends before the main thing. How was it? I mean we were Facebook friends. I could call that friendship, right? And we just went straight to the point. Oh, so there was no time to approach it. It wasn't even that cordon or stuff we just ran straight to the point. So it's now that we actually friends. Now we can talk about our relationships. We're like, oh shit. Yeah, you know that was stupid, right? We could have just talked about it. And she was loud. I would laugh because it's the truth. We could have solved a lot of problems if we just talked about it. And our son is such an intelligent boy that like, yeah, I would never... There are things you shouldn't have given up. But then you did. Not that I regret. It's just that there were things that could have worked out differently. If only certain steps were taken. But that would work. Because everybody had eagles. Everybody had something of their sleeves. Yeah. Or culture. I had a little struggle with the culture here. But I respect it. And I hear people are in, it's of late that people are social media-self. But before I got here in 2012, I hear it's more like, talk to me. I talk to you. Yeah, we don't really. We don't want to face stuff. So we don't ban out our social media posts. What did you say? Say it to my face. That's it. So when I got here, I always had a problem. People just posting everything. Every single thing. Oh, this is the food I ate today. Oh, this is how I combed my hair. I'm in a salon. I mean, I literally do everything about you without meeting you. I guess what I'm doing it now. But not in that way. I only post about music. Sometimes we can't actually hate it. I just post what we see. Yeah, some random weird stuff. I love culture. You might just see weird cartoons. Nobody understands why I'm posting it. It just me and nerds like me. Oh, yeah. I understand that reference. Okay. So relationship was a major challenge for you. Yeah, relationship with my work. School. Yep.