 But you're Friday. The freshest. If you think that police Benz are amazing, how the look at this? This is the army, the Filipino army band of the wish bus. Oh my god, I mean the film we broke with the army goes to the wish bus. And you know what, he's hilarious, he's hilarious. You guys are always like, but how come after all this time you still get surprised? Because it's on match for all. No, of course also the level is really high. So let's give it a watch. You know, also it's on match for all. It props it in for serving, but so yeah, go on. I mean cool, right? At the end of the day, it's our review. So he could be bad, it could be good, who knows? I trust you though, your taste is immaculate. Yeah. Wow. Now we're in uniform, yes, well. Oh cool. There's a saxo. Oh, come on. Wow. Wow. Look at that. Wow. Three. Okay, okay. I'm hard to play metal with an electric kick. Oh. We got the sex. Wow. He's got a style too. That's the picture. I mean, sacrifice. I don't know. I don't know why drummers when they go to the wish bus, they do that. They put their bell on the second tone. They always, always. I've seen so many people when they go to the wish bus, configure it that way. I think also obviously the singers, fucking class. Also, if you're hearing like some jumping tempo sometime with the drumming, I actually think that's not his fault. I think there's some delay between the, which sometimes happens when you put it through a console in the kit to the actual sound. But I think that's probably one of the best sounding armies in the world. Okay, why does selling point as well? Why do they do metal, bro? Again, that's what I'm saying. It's like the best freaking thought through concept, even if they didn't want to make it like that. I want my tickets to see them in a stadium with freaking fire coming out of the stage. I mean, they're recruiting. And they're recruiting. I mean, they're recruiting. Come on, how sick that would be so cool. This is amazing. I've never been to the army or I don't know anything about the army. So I don't know much about what you do in there. It just looks scary. But. It does. The training like the bootcups. Yeah, but I do know like sometimes like here for some London, like the UK army, they go to like, they host like this, they put like this tense in like London and stuff. And then they like speak to people, allow it because they want to recruit people. They want to recruit the young. But what about you host the concert, right? And then people then think you don't have the ability though, like, what do you mean? Like they don't have like, that's not the mentality. Oh, hearing the UK. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know how many army people you find that are actually musicians. Could be. And I can practice at the thing. I don't think that would be a far-fetched idea. But one was the last time you saw like, what's the equivalent of the wish buzz here in the UK? Maybe like BBC Radio, right? Yes, BBC Radio. Like, yeah, did Harry Styles. Exactly. And the concept of bringing in like military people into like that such a wild... Yeah, be quick. This is bizarre. I must say this is quite mind-blowing. This is amazing. I actually think it's fantastic. It's a very good singer. There's also a female singer. Concept of the vocal... Oh, this is really dope. She's good. Come on! The harmony part is so good. The harmony part is so good. The harmony part is so good. The harmony part is so good. Do you look the harmony where it is? It's beautiful. I promise that I can play. Yeah. It's very confident. And the saxophone player. Yeah, yeah. I love it. Shredded man. What's it have? I adore this. Here's a fantastic singer too. I need a little more time. I love it. She is so good. I think you're as good. That vocal line is so solid. That vocal line is so solid. That's a very good singer. That's really cool. That's what we're talking about. They're dueling. Yeah, I mean, I really do apologize. We don't have lyrics. We tried, but it only has the... I think it's a pretty good song. But the word servicio and like a paraiso. Paraiso, right? That's why people... No, paraiso is the best. No, paraiso is the best. But that's why people there, well, that's your name. Colgari Valenciano. Because in Spanish you'll be Valenciano. But in the Philippines it will be Valenciano. That's right. I was like, why would you do that? But then it's like... There's actual words. Yes, yes, yes. Nice. Yeah, sure. Valenciano. Valenciano. Valenciano. You sound like... You see, back home, there would be like... Wow, you're bougie, bro. No, you're bougie. What's that in your mind? In entertainment provided? It's also hot. Maybe this is, maybe, as well, an attempt at sort of recruiting or, you know, giving perhaps a thought into what the life is in the army for them. And maybe the lyrics is sort of talking about that type of stuff. If the recruiting like, campaigns, included live music fest, I would go to every single one. I think you're in the UK. There was... There was a salvation army. I don't know what it was. But it... But there was something I remember back in the day. It was such a tragedy. I don't know. It just has the word out in it. But there was something along those lines. I can't remember what it was. Yeah, but there was something along those lines, but they would play some music and stuff. Yeah, that would be great. It's just, you know, the whole meme as well that everyone sort of sings in the Philippines. Which obviously, you know, it isn't true, but... I just think this is... This is another testament of it. Like this is just another way of like... This is also... I think this is an original track. I mean, that shows. The Philippines army band performed the original. Yes, you see? They're original. Live on the wish bus. The rock pieces and authentic north to the valley. And gallantry. Or Filipino fighters. Got it? No! Wow. Pride. Go in the comments. I want to see what we were saying. That could be true. Coming from the UK, I have no idea about the lyrics, but I love it. Perform this record. True. Philippines is a super talented performing arts. Yeah, no shit. Dog. Gives you the feel army. As to the wish bus. My own English translations. Oh, come on. What's it? What's the art? The solo. Everybody. Give the thumbs up to art the solo. I just want to come out so I can read the lyrics on a suming version. Let's just go through this. It goes. Parasava. For the country, one's own freedom is full circle. You know it's a name of a sum. After the training to be part of the armed forces, loved ones are left behind for the dream of serving the motherland. Peace is what's decided it's every soldier sacrificed. Life is always in danger, go down. I wonder what they do. In times of war, fighting with courage will offer ones own life. For heroism, for the country will fulfill the sworn duty. This is the pledge of a soldier that will not be forgotten. No. Will overcome hardship and awareness because of the dream of achieving peace. Peace is what's decided it's every soldier sacrificed. I think it goes and repeats itself. Go down. Life is always in service in times of war, fighting with courage. For heroism. There you go. That's pretty much the gesture. Yeah. Yeah. Give your thumbs up. Yes, absolutely. Nice. Very nice. I was off to say people do that in our own comments sections. You guys are fucking class because you know there's people from all over the world watching. So I really, really do a thanks for that. Thank you. Yes. Because look. Look at us. Evidence that in the comments of someone from another part of the world. So being like holy fuck, I love this song. I don't know what they're saying. Fantastic. It's like my tree ads. You know, go on anyways. The vocal line is absolutely fabulous. Okay, okay. This is like fucking. That is fantastic. I love the guitarist. The guitarist is living their best life. That's so good. Come on, Evidence. Woo! That's like so for this. Man. Dude, that last vocal show that was holy fuck. And this is what I like about the Philippines though. It's like the 80s rock made such an impact in the whole singing generation, right? So you have a lot of... You have a lot of things to have made as well. It's waved into the Philippines. Yes, but like the 80s rock definitely shaped a lot of the common singers, right? And I think it's because in the karaoke machines, like one of the most sang genre is 80s rock ballads, right? So you have some correct. So you get angali. No, that's a mo. No, I just stopped talking now. So the idea is that that styled, shaped so many singers and so many like different vocal textures that people made their own twist and their own takes in it. And so when you see compositions like this, like that final ending, like the finale, it's one of those big, you know, 80s rock classics. It's fantastic. I love the feel of it. That's what you guys thought about. This would be quite a fun rabbit hole. Maybe ARMYs from all over the world. Perhaps that's a thing. I don't think that's a love- Brazil has a really, really nice Brazilian funk and Pagolay army. They sing that that was that was your mind blowing. But anyways, let us know perhaps what else should we watch next? What we got to fuck you watch next? One, I don't know. A Doctile Zone, you know? Oh my god, that would be cool if there is. I hate that there is, I bet there is. Thanks for watching. Oh, also I want to say this. We have our first ever artist from the Indian Music Industry coming to the podcast. We've obviously had so many artists from the Philippines and there's still so many that I don't want to spoil that are still, you know, we're kind of figuring out schedules and stuff like that. But this is our first ever. We've done obviously as well artists from South Korea. And now we're delving or trying to delve a bit deeper and understanding into different industries from all over the world like the Indian Music Industry which is so ginormous. So we'd love for everyone to go and support. It's also one of the biggest artists there. So it's Jubin, his name is Jubin Nautilus. Yeah, he's amazing. So one of our favorite discoveries. So yeah, I'd love everyone from all over the world to sort of go and show their support and also learn about new music and he's also coming to London. So anyways, I let you tell you myself. I let myself tell you about that on Sunday. Go PM UK time. See you later. Goodbye.