 Welcome back everybody to another epic SM North video Today we're gonna be eating at Lausa by our grandmother Lola. Thank you grandma Very epic. I'm saluting to her because she served with Army Navy National Guard in the fourth world The fourth one is that in the future? Lola Is a special woman Thank you. This is our second video in our 25 days of Christmas series So if you don't know we are giving away some prizes to our viewers at the end of the video So stay tuned to see who won from last video if you want to be entered into the giveaway and possibly win one of the prizes of this episode Make sure you are subscribed and comment down below to be entered and you can win. We'll announce it on tomorrow's video Oh, ho ho. It's the season of giving Santa Sweetly announced the winner and then Santa will show us Lola Lola Santa Let's eat some loza Oh So this is a new restaurant that we have never heard of but just popped up in SN North since we've been back It starts with an L like we forgot the name already. Lausa. Lausa We just got it to bet We got a lot of very unique items to try here and a new item We've never tried in the Philippines yet. Let's home Kuala. If you're one of the sticklers I may have had a single bite of it at one point, but you've never had it It's something new something to eat and a new restaurant So they get a lot of unique items on this menu. We just got some of the Some of the unique items, but there's plenty more to try something that was unavailable that we really wanted to try They had like a special cassava cake that said it was creamier and easier than traditional cassava cake Unavailable but this place seems to be like an interesting like Filipino like Usian restaurant kind of where they're like baked classics and then put their own twist on it Which it's pretty cool. I mean like each Filipino dish had like three different variations of it Like there was shrimp synagane pork obviously and stuff and then like sea seake. They had like a five different types of sea seake So they have a lot of different variations. It's cool So we may we may have got some of the more basic things that we just kind of wanted to try But if you would like us to come back and try some of the more of like out there things We're filming mad videos this December Merry Christmas. So one of the interesting things that We got here. We didn't necessarily get the most interesting food I would say but the drinks we did This is a coconut that let's shape shake sounds amazing. It does it one of their it had a star on the menu. Oh Oh our foods here Oh, that looks good. Thank you Right wow Awesome. Thank you. Thank you Let me try this I'm gonna get some of the caramel off of the side here because it's deletier and I don't know what's on top here Taste is like let's take one. Oh, I don't even taste much coconut because I think the oh no No, the coconut comes in at the end. There's like let's take one and then coconut Aftertaste is like a lache. Well on coconut during that's pretty dang good I love the caramel because you would think like a caramel drink might get too much They've got too much caramel, but it's just kind of like drizzled in there a bit. It makes it So delectable the letch plan Yum now. Let's try all this food. We just got And we're gonna do a mukbang of all of this garlic rice One bite. All right people. It's time to eat got a unique drink here It's another one of their specialties a green mango and cucumber. We have actually had green mango before and an unposted Merry Grace taste test true, but that's so we know it's a bit sour to pair with cucumber which Usually doesn't have much flavor but cucumber juice has a ton of flavor. The number lemonade is amazing It looks super foamy Whoa, it's interesting. It's got like a mild sweetness to it There's not much sourness to it. There's like a lot of chunks in there I'm getting a lot more cucumber than I'm getting mango. There's very little mango I just kind of dumb this down the sweetness and add like a slight more sourness I guess but not it's not much sour at all. It's a very Very cucumbery drink is almost like a sweeter cucumber water like a foamy sweeter cucumber water. That's very interesting Now it's time for some food. I like food. I surprisingly like food. It's like it's one of the essential things to survive But not everybody likes it. Yeah, I mean like sometimes I just don't want to eat ever Yeah, you too that happens all the time now. You know what we got to start with right Rice's life right is life. I'm ready to race it up, baby Just don't have so much left. Yeah, this is like a normal portion of rice I want to be gave us the sharing portions and they probably the same price. Yeah, probably is but that is so much rice And I guess we'll throw in some chicken in a salty boy show you up here That was Dangerous you guys can't really see the action going on down, but it's intense. It's very intense. What thought nuts? I just charred my fingers. Oh you charred them. Don't trust the char on the stick I'm curious what this is going to taste like the sauce is like a yellowish like honey mustard color almost It smells like normal It was important which is interesting. I read the down and clownness. Let's clown in down it down the clown dude Well, it's good. Some of these are good pieces are a bit chewy, but The flavor on there Mike. Yeah I love the flavor. It's amazing. I love the little barbecue. It's so good. Like it's something that touches your tongue It's just Very juicy chicken which is good for this You know what this shows me we need to go to Buckeye a lot We were gonna go last year after synologue and we never did good the OG in a salon I mean we always have this year after the old synologue, you know, we were going wait. What are going? Let's see what this sauce is. It said something about a vinegar Yeah, they have a special vinegar sauce right there. I think that's what he said right? Yeah Well, it's sour. I'm a favorite. I feel like vinegar. You might love that. I don't know how to rate something like that because You get launched You got spluttered by a rice right now. I just got spluttered. What are you splitting dude? Do you mean dude? I'm sorry I don't know how to rate vinegar things because to me that just tastes all like vinegar It's kind of like an alcoholic drink where you taste it and it just tastes like alcohol. I don't know what special about it to be honest It was cool. It's brown That's delicious. This is a really good chicken. I think the quality of the rice is fantastic too. You can really feel every green Heck yeah, let me I'll wash it all away with my Let's say for one and a cup Macular that's how it's done now the Lechon Kuala That is massive Lechon Kuala like they're not skimping on the size of this No, not at all. Wow my gosh We got some nank tamas sauce which I revealed in One of our for guy in the oral videos that that is Like my favorite sauce. Yeah, that was the video where you're getting drug-bud. I was getting a fracking boys' drug-bud Yeah, let's eat this fracking stuff Wow Look at that. This is like some of the thicker Lechon Kuala I've seen Look at how much it wiggles too Let's eat Ooh, baby. All right, I'm gonna take some of the that Kuala Give it in my main main tamas. I think I said this in the other video too But I prefer spicy main tamas gives it a little bit of an edge. It makes me feel like a mad lad a bad boy You guys don't need to know this information, but if I eat anything that's too spicy I have some extreme Vegetable issues. Yeah, what's he think? They make it so I Really talk about I like how it's I'm gonna make it as dinksy here. I like what's crispy but not crunchy I Got a bottom part. Yeah, and then just there's too much crunch. It's like That piece at least I got was crispy. It's really hard to get through the bottom Yeah, these bottom parts look like they're just straight grunge. What is that a skim? Yeah, must be I love how Crunchy and crispy the outside can be with the pork inside still being juicy and flavorful and everything like It's like you've been took a pork chop and then somehow just added this extra layer of super flavorful like fried Skin on top and then really good that flavor also moist and it juices into the middle It's great you get all the textures and then you throw in the main tamas which is Must have been created for this because it's so good. It's perfect It adds this nice level of like sweetness, but also savory in there as well Some pepperiness Hmm the chon koale very good. What do you? Le chon koale or normal the chon I think we still need to try a good proper le chon from a restaurant Rico let us down Rico did let us come on reeks, but did we just mention that we're going back to subo? For now the chon koale wins. We'll see That's where I can eat since we always forget to actually have a rating of things Let's rate each of the foods. You know you're never you're never gonna know what we actually think We can just say we like a food, but how much do we like it? Here's the scale garlic race I'm gonna give that a solid nine out of ten. You know what? I'm just gonna one up you 9.1 out of ten you're a terrible person and I hate you chicken in salt I liked it a lot. I don't it's hard for a rink You know, we're just doing it on all food or we're doing it on chicken in a sauce Let's do it on all food. I don't like it as much as pork barbecue But it is very good. I'm gonna give it a 8.5 I think I really need to think about this. It's gonna be a few seconds The camera will slowly get closer to you until it's only knows 8.6. Holy you are son of a for actor. I thought about that long and hard All right, I'll accept it for now. Lechon koale Kawai Leonard. I'm gonna let you go first this time Leonard See it's hard for me if I don't have the basis of someone else's ranking. Ah, sorry. Not today. Oh Okay, we'll just go at the same time. Okay, okay, all right three two one eight eight point One two three Use some of this thing is delicious It is actually one of the my favorite shakes I've had in the Philippines So far I will give this thing a nice like 9.2. That's really good. That would drink. There's a lot Drinking this a bit more. It's very refreshing. Nothing like super special about it But let's look at it seven more night and the service water. I'm gonna give us solid two 2.1 And your pickled vegetables 12 Thank you for your fairy Man, oh well Christmas, you know what now that I'm in the Philippines, I'm really feeling that spirit But I just feel like I need to do something That's it Yes Oh It's perfect Today shipping I'll just have to wait It arrived Yuck, what is that? It's Christmas. It's my Santa costume. Are you sure you're the right thing? I'm feeling creepy guy in his 50s go into the spa vibes from this Well, I haven't tried it on yet, so you got to see okay Let's go no What the heck what are you doing out there? How'd you get that on so quick? It it's unlocked just open it Okay Just open the door it's unlocked see I don't I don't know why you're being difficult I'll get the door okay back up back up I'll get it okay Me and really I'm getting it Do you want me to open it or not What is going on with you Tyler Tyler Oh Mary Christmas everybody are you ready for today's giveaway And unfortunately this one and plan to correctly so we're going to double up the The giveaways for tomorrow's VG So tomorrow will be giving away twice as much as we will like we'll do the giveaways for today's video and The giveaway is for tomorrow's video all in one so there's gonna be a lot of stuff going away tomorrow So make sure you we're gonna pick somebody from this comments and the last videos comments So make sure you're coming on both for double the chances. Yeah, it's free. So just do it and make sure you're subscribing Because older bearded claws will find you and I won't be happy if you're not I have come to complete balance in the course You're always early. So make sure you're subscribed Oh, that's a good one. It's like a pirate You're almost I'm glad to be here So I'll just set this here and you can upload that I got my stuff So earlier when you're on the balcony why did like Well, I'm balcony. Yeah. Why didn't I need to open the door for you? I you could have just opened it Did not go on the balcony how you got changed in the corner? No, I had to open the door You were outside and you were knocking I got changed right inside the room, but you're knocking why were watching me change What I don't know it was weird you were it was like you were asking like for permission to be let in I was inside no you were outside and then I opened it and then as soon as I opened it how much co-review drink today? I mean Two bottles to start that's how I get enough further the filming session to do here a reasonable amount But I mean maybe it's the hallucinations the side effect from too much co-bro because I was definitely inside Maybe I maybe have just seeing things. I don't know others All right, yeah, just stuff. I'll probably go for a jog or something a jog It's like the heat of it's like really hot outside. I feel really energetic And I feel like a new energy in the suit You could like want a marathon in the state or I hit the club and just got my moves, you know? I'm hoping that's just a confidence you feel I'm looking so good But it's weird to me that you're staying that this like weird hallucination stuff is happening You're saying you feel like new energy did you not read the label of the side effects of co-bro? I mean we got comments about it too you Have a fun time with your man. You get new costume deal with your hallucinations and stuff. Yeah, it's everything All right, and yeah, I'll go to the creepin' room. Whatever the heck you're doing. See you later