 Animals? That's fun. Oh, yeah. Yeah. No. But it changes the whole flavor of the dish. I think it's the best in the world. Can you recommend me some healthy things? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Ooh. Guys, it's Jessica here. And welcome back to another episode of our probably the theory. And today, we're at Taft. I know the main school here is La Sal. VLSU. And I am from La Sal. Elementary school. I'm from USLS, University of St. La Sal. In Bacolid, Animo La Sal. So I guess like, it's just homie vibes the way that like, where you used to be a La Salian. But in terms of food, in La Sal Bacolid, there were a lot of good to just even within the cafeteria. But then here, I don't know. So I'm gonna be like, Animo La Sal. Animo? La Sal. Okay, that's my first snow. Then honestly, like La Sal students are really low. I never really see that much. Okay. I'm hungry. Are you from here? I'm from Benel. Benel, then DL, less you? I'm from Benel, of La Sal. It's just together, right? But it's more of what was artistic for me. Right. You look like a perfect person to ask for a food recommendation. Are you a chef? A culinary student. It's a perfect. We're looking for the best food around Taft. As a culinary student, Benel, the best one to find in Taft. Like the best one. I don't usually eat here in Taft because I... Why? So recently, a new restaurant here, a Mexican restaurant. Boca el Poco. El Poco? Have you been there? I plan to eat next week with my friends. Because we only go where you went more than twice. Like your actual Paborito. So I only go to staple past food restaurants so I can give any recommendation. Oh, okay. So there's really only fast food change here in your opinion. As per culinary student, there's only fast food here. Are you from here? Yeah, I'm from the same. Animo? La Sal. Okay, that's my first snow. Animo? La Sal. Why here? I mean, the second year. The hybrid class? Yeah. Okay, okay. So, the second year, the only this year, you started going around. Because we're looking for the best food place that you can go to here around Taft. Do you know any place that you've been to more than twice? It's like your favorite. So, I just went to El Poco, Pantina. That's the Mexican place, right? Have you been there more than twice? I've been there, Kaniina. It was my second time. Oh! Is it good there? Yeah, it's a bit crazy, but it's sweet. What should I eat there? I recommend the Casabella. Casabella? This is cost 390 pesos, but they're going to be good at it. Oh, Casabella. Casabella? Casabella. I got this one of my friends. They eat such as the 54 chicken and the kind of freestyle. They have disposable gloves. Because I guess, you know, it's tacos and casabillas. You have to. And this is the classic cheese casabella. But based on how it looks, it just looks really simple. It's just like the classic casabella that you can think of. So, there's a lot of cheese. Mozzarella cheese. And then salsa and sour cream, I think. Let's try with the salsa. Let me try with the sour cream. This is their El Poco Ice Tea, which was 130. It does taste home made, but like 30. It's the time. And then you're all waiting for me to say something. So, it's my first time, right? It's like so simple. It's just like the normal Casabella. There's nothing inside, but cheese in the sauce. You know, I usually like when the sauce has like more solid in it. But then, it's really good. And. Their cheese is really good. After a lot of different Casabillas out there, you know, the typical army navy one. And different Mexican restaurants. And this one, I think, has the best cheese. It's just what they're all of cheese, guys. But it's so good. I have a feeling they make their own tortilla. Because also their tortilla itself is like, there's a sweet flavor. It's so good. It's like fresh what they're all of cheese, I think. I didn't expect. I want to add more toppings in here. Because there's an option where you can add a spoonful of protein. But just like this, it's a very good snack. This is their main best seller, Casabella. And you know what? I usually love birias, you know, like taco birias, where they put it on the taco bread. And they fried the whole thing with cheese. And you dip it in this kind of like, as far as I know, it's like a broth. Beef broth with the beef oil as well. Oh, there's lime pada. It's a little lime. Guys, here I go, taco biria. It's got lots of meat and cheese and onions and cilantro inside. The dip. First bite, a beef broth and then the beef juice. It's like, oozing out in my mouth. And it's like, I'm drinking bula lo. No joke. So that's how rich the beef broth flavor is very deep. It's very rich. I think their cheese is really good. I think it's their cheese. And that their meat is very well seasoned as well. Soft and tender. And I also like how it's all like super dripping. Because sometimes that biria, when it's got too much juice inside, too much like sauce, it's like dripping. It gets really, really messy. But this one is actually very neat. And actually, I can't really tell that this is their best seller because in the pan, they had a bunch of these laid down. And you know how that's super packed here right now. But then you know what? Among this and this, what I would choose is this one. The best snack ever. And this is also the best snack ever. I watched your poverty series last one. So we're doing the same thing in last. Are you from Taft? Yeah, I was a student from 2015. And now I'm an instructor. You're an instructor in the school? In video, yeah. For what students? Students majoring in? Development in the same. That's the famous course, right? In video art? I think so. Yeah, okay. So you know this place since 2015? Yeah. Sadly since the pandemic hit, the stores closed down. Your favorite is closed down? Yeah. Everything? Not everything. Oh, not everything. So, did you watch the Espanya episode? Yeah. And I find better things in here than in Espanya. I'm going so. Recommendations. Top side. Top side? I never heard that. It's a ring-split. Let your go too. It's the only one left that's open. That you liked ever since. You'd be really good there. Yeah. You think I like it there? I hope so. I heard you get the garlic parmesan in here. Yeah. Do you have a drink that is smooth and colored? I'll go there. All right, so after 20 plus minutes of waiting, our chicken is here. I'm a bit shocked because there's like a lot of cheese on top. I think it's like the Eden cheese type, right? Can you guys recommend me some healthy food next time? With rice. On top of the rice, the sauce is like poured in. So it's like also oily. Mmm. So this is what he recommended, right? The rainbow. Let's see if it's different flavors. Bottom layer. The middle layer. Okay, last layer. Mmm. Tossing. The name of this was tropical, right? It tastes like a tropical juice. And this is how much? 89, what's one thing that's drink here? Maybe it's just a little bit more. Maybe it's just a mix. But I guess it looks pretty for the first go, but it's really important, right? No, it's important because people will come here to take photos of that. Instagram. Yeah, it's sweet chili. Guys, you know what? I'm just here. I'm just a little girl doing an honest food review here, okay? Guys, don't expect much from me, guys. Do you think so? Do you think I'm brutal? Guys, I'm just being really honest because I don't want to fall. I'm just being honest because I don't want to over-o-a. Why do you think it's the reason why people think it's so much? Okay, first of all, it's frozen chicken. But that one doesn't really matter. I guess there are many wing places that actually disrespect chicken. In the middle of the flavor, it's just, you know, the garlic, farmers, and wings that you can think of. Like, exactly what you're imagining, right? It's that flavor. But you know what? I'm not going to say if it's good or bad because some people love this type of food. Also, some people who love cheesy, greasy type. So I won't say anything. Mmm. Mmm. It's not the right type of sweet. I have to say that this is really the type of place I like. It was also like that it didn't some treats place where you order, and then where you eat is separated. So that's why you feel comfortable. It's not like the owners are watching you right now. So that's why for students, I guess this is the kind of vibe I always want to come back to. And then the concept of like, both and stuff, which is also new. And I guess it's also staple food, wings. And it's also hard to make wings taste bad. Like, it's already good. And that's the reason why everyone loves wings. And that's the reason why wings are staple of many students in developing those. But because I want so many wings places guys in my life, it's just really standard wings flavor I have to say. Are you from here? Yeah. You're a student. What year? I can be. Are you a foodie? Yeah. You are? You're a love foodie. Do you know top side? Yeah, I know top. Do you like it? For the price, it's good. Okay. Is there a better place than that here? The best food place that you can find intact. Have you tried Chef Bob? Not yet. But we got recommended. Do you know the best food place I can go to? One of my favorite places for you is Chef Bob's. What do they have there? C-SIG. C-SIG. Oh! It's very meaty. Very meaty. Very flavorful. Very flavorful. And they have free soup. Free soup. And it's very affordable for a student. Oh, how much is it? 135 pieces. 135 for the whole thing. Yeah. Which is really good. What's the best? Cahit is our Cahit Anor. Really good. In Taufkassiv, we're all like many branches. Yeah, I think Tafed, it's like a lot of franchise stuff, right? Yeah. But even if you know any food too as a student here, like you always keep going back to, that's like your favorite. Chef Bob. Chef Bob. Chef Bob. What do you get there? C-SIG. They're C-SIG. What's good about their C-SIG? There's so many C-SIGs back. Like, is that really better than other C-SIG? I think it's the best in Tafk. Oh, it's the best C-SIG of Tafk. Yeah. Yeah, it's good. This is a C-SIG that the senior high school student and any time fitness recommended me. The senior high school student said that she likes their C-SIG because it's very meaty. I don't know if it's medium or not. I have to try, I think. So with the rice, C-SIG is also a national food. How many times are you eating C-SIG in Tafk? I'm eating C-SIG in Tafk. I'm eating C-SIG in Tafk. I'm eating C-SIG in Tafk. I'm eating C-SIG in Tafk. I'm eating C-SIG in Tafk. About how meaty it is. I would not describe this meaty, in my opinion. I would describe what we ate in Tafk. I'm eating the first place. I think that was meaty. This is more like the second place we ate. The super flavor of the one. But of course it's different. That one, like the meat and stuff, where it was poured into little pieces. So it was really more like a paste. Almost. This one, you can still feel the texture of all the ingredients. Sprite egg, the onions, and everything. And the meat is really finely caught. That's why I can't say that it's like meaty. I can chew on the meat. But definitely, compared to other C-SIG that we typically see, this doesn't have as much fat. But of course there's still the chichang on and everything. So just like saktum. My standard in terms of food is really, it's got high because of pavarito. I think they got this. This one for its price, it's really good. Also the vibes of this place. So I think this is chili sauce. I'll try to add it up here. It's already good for me. I don't need extra condiments. And anyway, it's not good for you guys if you eat too soft. I think this is some sambal sauce or something. You know the Indonesian spicy sauce. Take that. Very spicy. It's like bagoong and chili sauce mix. I just put like a tiny bit. But it changes the whole flavor of the dish. You know what? I feel like for pavarito, we have to make a score system. Pavarito score system. So that in each dish I rate, I can actually come up with a standard rating. What do you think guys? It's like a standard rating system. Take this. It's like the gray amcrackers are totally soaked, totally moist. And then the cream is kind of like, let's just blend. It's a very light foamy cream. This is so good. Very sweet. Are you guys students from the staff? Yes. What year are you guys in? Two years. Okay, what do you guys meet during it? Real estate. Real estate. Oh, so there's also real estate for us in India. Is it good? Three nights. What makes it nice? Very different from the usual business for us. Yeah. It's a mix of lorin. So... Since you're a third year, you must know Taft well, right? Not really. This is like my second time. Actually, face to face. Have you been around different desserts or drinks, places around Taft that serve favorite? I guess tomocoffee. Tomocoffee. This is your favorite. So far. How many times have you guys been here? Stag my fifth or third time? Fifth time? It's really good here. Is it the best coffee in the past? Can't tell since I haven't tried other coffee shops. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But so far, among the ones you've tried. I'd say for their matcha. What do you order when you come here? Biggy matcha. Dirty matcha. Got it. What I saw, something that's impressive here, is that they have the non-dairy option. So you can change the milk into either soy milk or oatmeal. So that's a good option. It's not that hot. Okay, I'm going to get the dirty matcha latte. And I'm going to change the milk to oatmeal and deacats. But look at the line lines of this place. It's really long. Probably famous here. There are coffee prices starts from 70 pesos. So that's cheaper than Starbucks. I guess even the other drinks they sell in the restaurant. This one is the deacats plus oatmeal. Which is a big thing because usually in a small stall like that, there's no option you can choose from. So more coffee. And apparently this is the way. How many branches do they have? So it's still within our 11 branches under bar. Very good. It's like, because I changed the oatmeal and this deacats, it's even lighter. Very good. I added different options. It's Muda, I really compared to other Starbucks. Huge merit. Instead of going to Starbucks and other commercial places. Alright guys, so the paparito of our past episode is... Well, I guess it was expected based on the reactions you saw of me. And my realization of tap is that it's got more commercial. Like both of it, it's all commercial now. Like you know the brand already. I don't think there are much like small, carrying deer-y-a-times of places. Even the ones we found was good, it was decent. But not like, wow, you should come here. I'm sorry if I'm being brutally honest. I want to be honest, because honestly it's a key to keep this still going. You know, I wish I could come back here maybe. And I wish you guys were coming to me like the best foodie street to go. So that I can look for different food if that's not just a commercial. I still really enjoy, especially the Elf. Elf, Elf, Elf, Elf, Elf, I really loved it there, but the price was holding me back a little bit. So there. Renkit? Oh, I guess so. Elf, Elf, Elf, Chef, Babs, Topside. Ah, Tomu coffee. I mean, it's right that I can't compare it with the food. But then in terms of the whole value, honestly Tomu coffee is the first. But again, this is also a commercial place, so it's a bit lacking to pick this as a pavurito. But it's really good and the price is good. They're fast also. I'm a bit sad guys for twice, so, technically, no pavuritos. And the show is saying this pavurito. Yeah, we'll try it guys. We'll try to look for better places to go. So yeah, I hope you guys enjoy today's pavurito. So, animal lasal. And as you guys, my next one. Bye!