 We can make a sentence with only two letters Huh? Huh? Ba Ba ba ba Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba Ba ba ba ba It means are you coming down? It's like ba ba Ba is like a question Ba You sure? You sure? Like ba ba ba Are you coming down? It's so cute It's a song that's a lot of love for us It's so cute It's so cute I'm so happy that we're here today Because I'm very happy I'm very happy I'm too happy I'm France and Anna They're coming here They're coming to the city of Pangidin And we're going to the Philippines We're coming to the world It's the first time It's the first time It's the first time Kina'i nat nan Again Again Kina'i nat nan It's the first time I'm getting Okay, France Before I say it in our local language You have to read Kina'i nat nan Again Kina'i nat nan Okay Kina'i nat nan Can you say it for me? Kina'i nat nan Kina'i nat nan is the result of Yeah It's the result The result The second word The second word Again The second word The second word I think you can say it in the Philippines Okay, see you in the Philippines See you in the Philippines The second word Again The second word Okay, the second word The second word The second word I'm so happy I'm so happy To give guidance To give guidance Okay, this is I like when I was a kid Third word The third word Kumu kuti Kuti tap Again Kumu kuti Kuti tap Almost Kumu kuti Kumu kuti tap Kumu kuti kuti tap Almost perfect like 99% Okay, I'll say it in local Philippines It's in the Sabinaming Kumu kuti kuti tap Like it's partling Lizetual Anything that is Shining Diamante, diamond Like that Kumu kuti kuti tap We have a song Kumu kuti kuti tap The last word The last word One, two, three Buntong gini gang Again, Buntong gini gang Okay, fraud Kamiya gila Bitsubah Buntong Shiningang Okay, I will say it in Filipino Local Filipinos will say Buntong himin gang Buntong himin gang We have this gang We have this in Latin In Latin America So it's Buntong himin gang again Buntong himin gang It means Himin gang is breath Like respiri Or zip breath Like Ang pangkuling salita Ana Por favor Humari Muyak Humari Muyak Again In France Mahal Humali muyak Okay Local Filipinos will say Humahali muyak Humahali muyak Humahali muyak Means The essence Like the scent of a flower The leaves It's like It's like It's like a flower Yes, it's Mahali muyak How do you find the Filipino ways? How do you find the Filipino ways? How do you find the Filipino ways? It's the origin It's the name It's the name And you, how you found it The sound, the How is it similar or different? It's different It's from Spanish It's the longer words Like a very origin Of local Filipino Tagalog Okay, we had fun I'm really impressed with this too I'm really impressed with this too And I'm really impressed with this too The Filipino way It's not like it's a flower Bye