 And this is one of the big problems with our land. I wish you a big rest. Mario. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry about your shirt. I'm so sorry. Today we are actually riding the V-Sapplication for Shirley. This is our separate time because we're going back home to Iceland. What about a month? And the process is quite similar than previously. And we're using a company called Enhanced Weezer. So if you're looking for a broker or someone to assist you with the process, highly recommended. Yes, it costs some money, but it's going to save you so much time and headaches. If you just have a legit visa application company, assisting you with it. It's basically just filing out information about you. And the government in the Shengen area are just making sure that the sponsor is reliable for the person you're traveling with. So Shirley is passport, unfortunately. He has to go through this when we go to Shengen. It's all good. We just had to do it. So when you buy a land here, it is so important you have a way of right. Because there are incidents that you can actually buy a land. And if you don't have the way of right, you can't even go into your land if you're the other owners block it. We had to make sure that there is a road in the drawings that are going to be submitted as either a barankar road or even our private road. And then this road, we're standing right here that leads all the way down to the highway. The budget for this to be cemented is already done. And they're actually starting further up in the mountain where there's like a elementary school or something. So they're going to cement it and all the way down. Now that we do have two roads leading to the land and that's on the other side which you saw in the other videos. The day before or a few days ago that was already being cemented. So the other side of the property, there's a really good road right now. But this one is horrendous. However, we're going to walk further up there and we're going to show you they're doing already some filling with the road for us to access our land. Here we go. We just started to do some clearing, paved road. Not sure if this one is going to be cemented but this road here leading down to the highway, that is a public one. This one is on a private road. So I'm not sure if it's going to be cemented or not. So they started the process of paving and then they're going to be filling it up with gravel and rocks that connect to the landmess there behind. And that's our land. So as of now, we cannot drive because the road is already. But it's very nice to see that they're actually fulfilling the promises of creating access into the land. So these guys have been very honest. They've been really great. Super supportive, responsive. Whenever we want to take a look or have issues, they already provided all the documents right away. And then next week I'm actually going to my attorney to review all the documents before we make any finalized payment. You're going to have the road down here. So the road is going to be down here. Not up here. Not up here. How high are you going to make it? So the road will continue in between the slope here but they're going to put like an autonomous water flow. So it's not going to flood here. So I'm very happy to hear that. Like a small funnel system and then the road on top. And all of this is going to be clear and then the road is going to make a curve up it totally. And this one also to make this one better all this nice to pass by. The bank, can we have the Boko map? If you know how to go up. So they're going to do a small landfill here and raise it up. So it's not going to be a steep curve for a car or vehicle to come up. But yeah, they're working on it now. So which is great. That is technically my way of right. Because if they built the road here on top of the properties. That means the road has been built in a someone else's land. And that doesn't work of course. So they're building the road here on the site, which is a nomass land. And then into our land, the slope is right here, which will be our way of right. Accessible. So that's one of the posts. This is the top of the land. Mount Tallinnis in the background is unfortunately cloudy today. But it goes from here guys. And all the way down below that jungle. Such a huge area. There's like a small jungle section here in the land as well. Some path. Hope I'm going the right way now. So beautiful. Good dig. Good dig. Need to water Jake. There are a lot of criteria as well. You have to have solid foundation for when you buy an island in the Philippines. And we've gone through each and every step multiple times. And even edit things that we had no clue about. And then no one has ever mentioned before. For example, when you ask about the development in the area and our previous land. Not knowing there's going to be a dumpster or never even told about it or lied to. So that's one of the things we added on to the list that you have to check when you're buying something here. Or maybe I make a video one day about each and every single step you need to do. For example, we have about this thick amount of documents, everything going from the family trees and the titles. And those even death certificates and everything. It's a bit of a process. So maybe I'll make a one day to really clear out everything you need to know before you purchase something. Now we haven't even done our down payment yet. And the guys are already fulfilling some of their promises. Compared to our previous land, there's a lot of promises about making the road electricity a water. And we waited months and months and months and nothing happened. We're always following up, following up. We hear nothing. But these guys are just boom, working on it right away. Even if we haven't even put our down payment. So it's very nice to see. Stenic view, I would say it's about two or three degrees cooler up here. And it makes such a crazy difference. And then I was talking to some of the farmers here and explaining, hey, yeah, we just got that land there. We would like to maybe hire you guys to do some gardening or farming project that we need to assist with. Very friendly locals. Very important to build some nice relationships. Okay, wait, just started building something here, guys. This is going to be definitely a lifelong project over here. Gardening, self-sustainable, off-grid, can't rely on the electricity here. It's negros unfortunately, can't rely on the internet. We've got to do it all ourselves. And with all the prices coming up, with all the new calculations that I did, it's crazy fast how it pays off by using solar right now. And also we'll be looking at even making talapia farm, all the vegetables and foods over here. Making dry fruits even. Very exciting times. Hello, welcome back. I want to fly. It was amazing. Just arrived from Manila and we had a fruit of shoot yesterday and it was amazing. So we just one day. Nice. So she flew yesterday and came today. Yeah. How about in terms of what you can do with that? I think it's just a seven times already that I did. But we need your help, guys, because I'm not that knowledgeable about pickups. We need a pickup. You say truck or car pickup car. You pick up and call your truck. Is it a truck? Anyway, so we've kind of narrowed down to like four or five brands. And we're going to go see if we can check out some of the dealership. And we want to take a look. Here we are. It's a bit sheep. Let's check it out. I think she will get a show one of our designs, like a different face. Okay, that's the strata. It's a nice shape. I don't like the white color though. It's actually quite a lot of space here in the back. I'm always surprised by that when these pickups, that there is actually a lot of space in the back. See in the front. This one is manual. We are looking for automatic. Very nice space here. I think it's 1.1 ton payload. That one looks good. Now it looks way better. Just the color. The color makes such a difference. I don't like that white one. Wow. It's way nicer. It looks so nice. It looks so nice. It's way nicer than... Here you have the screen for the camera. I like this one. This is fancy. Next level stuff. Holy fuck, Ronnie. Really cool. Whenever I get a win the lottery. Oh my god. That's about 1.8 million. Listen here, Pedro. Hyundai. What's your thought on the strata? Beautiful, but only thing that missing is the color. That's a huge issue. That's a deal breaker. It's not like we need the pickup to carry heavy load. No, but there is the color, guys. It's the color. Hey, that's a reason why we choose to have a blue thunder. Not really. When you saw a blue thunder and you said, I want that. That's what you are. I just say, I bought this car just because of the color. I know you very well, but I know that. I still remember that. Sure. Anyway, we are here in Hyundai because we are thinking to sell a blue thunder. We have to sell a blue thunder, guys. I'm so sorry, but we need to sell it. Yeah, I can't afford buying a brand new car, so we gotta sell it. That's all good. Basically, the car is just not high enough. He just needs to be higher. That's one of the big things. That's up there. It's broken. So that keeps breaking when we go up in the mountain on bumps. It just crashes into the rocks. Sorry, buddy, but we gotta let you go. Okay, that was lovely. We just went this side and worked with them. And they're actually gonna help us with selling this one. Or maybe even trade her into a pickup if they find. So we have to meet them again tomorrow to discuss those things when the manager arrives. But it's nice to have the dealership help you with these things. Hyundai does have a pickup in their line, but it's not tier yet in the Philippines. So maybe next year, so that's out of this discussion. And now we're gonna go check out Izuzu, which is DMax, I think. Yeah, DMax. DMax. We made it to Izuzu. Now living in Duma Gera, or on this city in Dowell, it has its perks and cons, negatives and perks. And one of them is the small size, which I love. Like we had a lot of dealership all in the same area. However, because it's a small city, this dealership seems to be very small. And I don't think they have the one we're looking for, the DMax. Oh, yeah, this one. Exactly. Oh, Blue Thunder 2.0. No. Well, that was a disaster. We didn't film anything inside because there's no car here. And they don't know when they're gonna come. Same with Pakolah, to my understanding. So that's exactly what we're talking about. Duma Gera is a small city. So this is one of the disadvantages, no big deal for most people, of course. But Izuzu is. So we're gonna go check out, made a used car place now, if you can find. And then we do Nizan. Nizan. That is nice. Wow. You're so small compared to the car. You could fit like 50 Sherlin in there. This is seriously interesting. I think the interior of this one is almost as good as the strata. The strata looks very nice in this one too. In terms of the differences in the interior for the strata and the Navara, I would say the strata has a lot softer and nicer feel to the leather. While at the same time the Navara, this is more longer, lasting leather in my opinion. It's a bit rougher, not as smooth as the strata. So that's the only thing. About 360 degree camera, everything you need. And then in terms of the engine, this one is 50 torques lower than the strata. I don't think that matters. For 50 torques is crazy. Wow. It's a bit rougher. Okay, we made it back home and the camera actually ran out of battery. But that was very interesting to check out some of the brands that are out there. In this end of the Vara and the Mitsubishi strata, those two are my favorite. I'm not so much into the Hilux because looking at all the statistics, it is a very high fuel efficiency. It's also one of the most expensive ones, same with the Ford. So we're trying to go like a middle route in that term. So those two options are high up there right now. And then of course we could go the other way around. Like we did with Bluthander, I bought him a secondhand. So maybe in the next coming days or weeks we'll find a secondhand car. That might wear out to be the case. And then the third option might actually be the local 4x4 small mini trucks that you see all over the place. And we would keep Bluthander. So that's another option. Why we need a pickup right now? There's two things. Now the land is in 400 meter altitude and there are two ways up leading up to the land. Okay? And one of them is about 60-70% cemented. It's going to be finished this year probably. So Bluthander has no problem going up there. However, on the other side, which is slightly shorter, he barely makes up on a dry day. If there's a slight rain or even raining heavy, there is not a chance. This car, the Bluthander, can go up. Plus, there's a lot of rocks. So what has been happening with him is that he's so low that he keeps hitting rocks on the gravel roads. And we already have done that twice now. And the first one is some crazy damages. It cost us a lot to repair. And now we've broken the underlying shield. But nothing has been banned. Only this shield has torn apart. So we've got to replace that again. But much lower repair costs for that. We're looking into it. Nothing too no restosition about it. But we're taking gas along with us. This is where our focus is right now. The land, the house, the off grid project. And then even in the morning we're meeting up with my lawyer to go over the documents regarding the land. So before we make any payment, we've got to make sure all the documents are ready. That's another video I'll talk about. What the actual process is. How you can be safe when you buy something that costs some amount of money. So you're not getting scammed or anything. And this is one of the big problems with our land. Getting here. If it's raining, we might get stuck. And like we said before, we're trying to look for a new 4x4. And a blue thunder gas stuck even if it's not raining today. It's from last night. June's engineers with me and we're about to start digging. Help us arrived. I reached your tent. I reached your tent. We sweated like a pig over here. What's your name? I go stand. Next one. A.D. A.D. Oh, dive boho. Mario. I'm sorry about your shirt. I'm so sorry. This wheel was spitting. I think it got so much. I can't. There's always a way in the Philippines. But this is my first time ever getting stuck. I've been to where 60 provinces, 200 islands, this has never happened to me before. So we're going to get a 4x4 next time. Thank you guys. Let's go. Okay. We're going to go to the next one. Wow, that was crazy guys. That took about one hour at least. I'll go up that mud road and parked over here in case it rains. So I'll talk to this low cause if it's working to park here. I can't really wear my flippers right now in the car. There's like a thick layer of mud under it. But anyways guys, that was amazing. What's it called? Baye inan. That's like a Filipino word. I don't think I'm saying it right. I'm in Anan. Papa Ian. And that's what happens in the Philippines. There's always a way. But now we're going to go with Junes, Manjaneer. Check out the land for observation about the soil before it's our building. Wow. It's my shoes. Oh. Nice. Thank you, Junes. That's amazing. Thank you, Junes. That's amazing. You can see also the wind now. Yeah, the wind is there. Yeah, this is stable. This is really good. So we're here. So no problem. Anyway, that's only two floors. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Max. Yeah, it's really nice here. You can see the up island and some portion of Mindanao area. It's pretty nice. And up island, it's a... I'm sure. I know. I mean, I'm sure. Yeah, up island is there. I'm sure. It's just the road, Junes. Yeah. So dirty. Oh. So these guys are from Anahau. Yes, from Anahau. Just random farmers. Did you find them? Yeah. Amazing. Amazing. We were even calling our tarzan friends that are going to bring up a big truck and drag us out and everything. It was all ready. But they did it. Just started, which is a good sign. And then they're always looking to put gravel. So it's not going to be muddy. And then even in the creek, they're going to have tubes. Oh, yeah. So the water flow will be under. The water flow will work. We need a tube over there. Yes. So the good thing about it, they're going to put... Remember, we were talking about the road. Because it's actually a way of right. They're going to put a tube under the road. And that prevents exactly from this happening. Because there's no water flow under it. It's just going to be a muddy swamp or something. Poor blue thunder. This is as far as we're going to go with him, I believe. But very nice to bring Junse up here. Our engineer is going to be building the house local from Darwin. And we're more than... Well, we're super happy to have him on board with this project. The next step is to get the contract ready and signing and paying for the land. And then we can start designing the house or show you what we've been designing. And after that, we can start the construction once we get the building permit. Alright, let's go back down. By the way, it's about 15 m right from here to the highway, which is awesome. It's almost fully... there's a dark here, I don't know. I almost fully concrete it. And hopefully, in the near future, this side of the land is going to be concrete. Because there's road on both sides. This is crazy, guys. So we were about to leave. So help the guys lives here and think about this. We asked him for help and he helped us. And now he's offering us food, sweet corn. Okay, then. I'm already in the plastic. It's so hot.