 Don't be like this Oh look at the cross Kumushka Kyo, Akusi Maxim Welcome to our channel. It's flying Max here. How are you ladies and gentlemen? Y'all restart this video like that flying I cannot do it yesterday. We reacted to the BGC and he was writing a scooter and he also went to Makati So people told us this is the one you need to do so we need to thank Ben Vila Carlos react to Vinic run canal It's like the little Vinic in the Philippines. Yeah, we're gonna be very interesting. We're gonna pump up the reaction suggest us more Instagram we have Instagram right? Yes, yes, and we have a TikTok max GG no one there's score. Yeah, so G post dog video. We're gonna try to post more so okay stop talking Stop talking They think that they cannot do it We have landed The McKinley Hill McKinley The McKinley Hill area is in a tag wake or taggy I'm not sure how to say that It's one of the most fancy areas of Manila very very nice here a lot of green Very very quiet roads or very very nice houses and buildings wow look at all the building with the the tree that grew on the building We have done a lot in Thai country site. It's so beautiful like I taught that BGC was green but this is green And it's so organized. Yeah, it's like someone take care of the area also. That's why you said it's quite rich You know we are gonna head over what is that building though the Venice red canal I think people live there It's like a party. Yeah, yeah, yeah Oh see well Everything is well. Wow, everything's so modern Oh All right, oh my Wow Wow This remind me of Montreal we have an area called little Italy in Montreal around me of that but even outside of the little Italy The odd everything is structure everything is like small. They are the small space. It's really remind me of Montreal that place but people see that Montreal remind them of a rub sometimes So yeah European style mix with Japanese style mix with the Latino style wow and it looks really colorful He's happy quite and got what He even had wildlife here in the middle of the hill. Is that a joke right? Of course it might eat us To scan to scan wow The Tuscany private estate The camera is so pretty pretty The style of the building is very very midterranean it really reminds me of like Spanish, Italian, style, housing very cool to see that here in Manila Well, that sounds like it. Wow They have a fountain here. This really is like a little Europe When you're in Europe you'll see fountain so over the place especially in southern countries You know what we do in Europe when we find a fountain we toss in a coin people and we make a wish Same where I'm from Bring me luck Buying luck for five pesos. It's a bargain. It is a bargain Do you do that in the Philippine or Tony European not American concept? I wish all the people viewing this video right now all the luck and prosperity in life Yes, same to you guys You do not want to get in trouble with this restaurant guys But they have a serious security guard He just got to stop for a moment Oh yeah, they're tag-a-ge breeze right here Woo The Venice Grand Canal whole guys we are here Wow Venice with 2Z This looks like a kind of castle like antique A domain entrance and it is grand It's not called the Venice Grand Canal for nothing guys It's truly a mall for taints Right We are in the line for this green What's up, are you? Good? Oh my god he's so friendly Yes Oh yes, I saw that in movie right? The water is so blue and the vibes are so good The weather in Manila today is just policing We're on the ground floor right now We have a lot of really nice restaurants A lot of variety right here Very very good Oh it's so colorful again Pizza You know that if you come here you're gonna have a lot of choice It's a mall but it's an open mall Like we're basically outside right now I think they just asked to be good vibes No but this one is just shining in here And sometimes nice people have these Wow There's a lot of traffic on the waters today I think we'll do a little bit A little more inside area This place is nice too Because it has a... Oh I want to go Look at this they even have a cinema here Sniplex So after you jump off the boat Jump right into the cinema chair And watch yourself and nice Oh nice Inside area of the Venice Grand Canal All right now And it's also really nice in here It's just so cool that with this mall You have an outdoor area and an indoor area You can just kind of like walk between them You want to go outdoors? You go outdoors? You want to stay indoors? Yeah! That simple people That simple All right let's make our way up And see what they got up there We made it Happy time Happy time? Happy time people What do you do there? Oh playground And as you can see if you go to happy time You will be mad with happy faces Oh nice And look at all these lovely little bushes right here people I feel more loved already Oh you know how to talk What a nice view Oh my god Wow the color of the water is epic It's all buildings But it's all music They really give off You know that place in the water is the perfect place for a foodo shoot Like if you're a mother or something and you want to find a nice place to have Instagram polls or something I think it's a very good place for that Do you need to pay for the ticket? My guess is yes Well you need to pay if you want to buy two boats with you Oh maybe you don't need to pay for the mall In the mall I don't think so but for the little activity I think you need to pay probably Find spare Burger King And of course they have my favorite Italian food Burger King Probably I'm the only in the world like Burger King more than McDonald's Yeah In a different wing this time So that's something I didn't know But you have the Venice Grand Canal Then in the center you have the outside area And then there's like all these separate wings with inside areas that you can go into I mean look at this It looks so nice Yeah the stall and you know with the roof With the rooftop inside It's like a catatrol or something Like this on the top right And the windows and the motifs It looks like the inside of a big catatrol That has a dome in on top You see we even have that in Canada with that kind of structure And look at this guy He obviously knows some European magic right here Oh wow He's mountain people How's he doing that? He must have learned his magic at Hogwarts He walked from one end of the Venice Grand Canal to the other He has given me a real capital Oh really? Yeah I think it's a nice way to feature And what better place to do that than an authentic European terrace Wow Stabbers now So beautiful So European I've installed my European butt In this European style chair On this European style terrace And I'm so happy It's like I'm back home again For I guys I did a bit of flipping And I think I know what I want I have decided to go to the most classic Italian pizza of the whole And the cheapest So Margarita baby Yucongo raw Oh come on Flank Hill The pizza Margarita What are the specials for like the drinks? Sangria sir I'm excited people I can't wait to devour their pizza I'm so hungry Walking all the way to Italy In all of this video we eat Yeah, it's right in every canal Basically just walks through having a Next to the cabin It's a nice place for a date Also with a girl you know It's not green It's Spanish But we're doing a nice little euro trip today So it's okay It looks really really nice It really smells like a good Sangria Like it has the cinnamon smell Right there You need to bring his girlfriend there Yeah You guys thought that it's girlfriend And we saw in his other video She's half Australian, half Chinese I think That is legit a very good Sangria It's big The little bread Home baked bread And some bread skeaks Wow I didn't know that the way we eat in Canada It was very influenced by Europe that much Because we have the same thing He always have the little bread or the garlic bread And little stuff like that when you eat in a restaurant That is similar to that Don't forget I think our food in Canada is very inspired by Europe You cannot be complete without the olive oil guys So this is what we do In the European Union We take some bread And we pour from beautiful Olive oil Right over it Oh yeah Exactly what I was gonna see Man Eating in front of my family They got it right And in the olive oil They put some also make it Exactly If this is already this good Then the pizza is gonna be Oh look at the crust I'm not blowing this out of proportion I'm gonna cry Without further ado Let's start eating It's a thin pizza I love it You need to know something I'm crying It's difficult to find good pizza in Thailand You know why? Because when you order pizza online And you go eat pizza Tina gonna use the best cheese It's not gonna be as fresh as you want And you know just by looking at it That it's fresh Yeah right Yeah the tomato and everything I'm so hungry I can smell it It's not greasy and drippy Look at that I'm holding it completely vertically Of course if you go to Bangkok You're gonna find something like that But we live far from Bangkok Let's see how it does for the flavor That's the pizza That's hell's-it I'm in Europe right now I'm sitting on a terrace Next to the Venice Grand Canal I'm drinking Sangria And I'm eating a beautiful Italian pizza Nobody's gonna come up to me right now And tell me I'm not a European guy I just want the leave I can clearly taste that the ingredients are really good quality Yes Seriously good cheese But I just said yeah You can tell by looking at it also It's the cookie Italian So your chef is a Filipino actually Oh really It's so good Yeah it's so good All right people There's a Filipino man in the kitchen And he's making the most authentic and delicious Italian food But it's possible that he is studying overseas A lot you know they go over and see And they come back So it's possible that he has learned It's awesome One second the pizza is there The other second the pizza is gone I don't know how The guy does a gondol I don't know See now they have a influencer and that guy He's the picture of them He's like that Just like that people And so it's all my sobriety He's drunk both guys So no Yeah The boat's ready Really really nice on those boats So I think we should find a little boat of our own Me Yeah, number two Yes Going along that lonely Singing of the little tune Truth feeds for the ears And a piece for the tummy at the restaurant This is a whole other perspective Of the Venice Grand Canal right now Wow Awesome Oh my god Kill story out like Hello sir Are you real? Bonjour no The Venice Grand Canals The vibes here are awesome All right ladies and gentlemen We've had a really really nice Venice Grand Canal tour today If you want to keep up to date Hey oh my god Too short Don't forget to add me on Instagram Yes have you been to that place? So stunning Can you afford to go there? Is it too expensive? Because we also like travel and a budget We're like him we're gonna take the mage Yeah We're too pro Why don't you go then We're gonna go over We're gonna pretend to see a lot of things I'm gonna want to eat that You know I already have that picture in my mind I was thinking if I have them How if I don't have enough money how can I afford everything Like that is too many things that I want there Because you can't see I'm gonna go there but I'm not gonna do anything expensive But then you go there and you want to do everything Yeah and you broke Oh god Thank you for watching everyone And see you very soon Bye bye