 Chakis kichen, horror edition Guys, dinuguhan Ita na Ampina ay inpekay guys, dinuguhan It does what I said, yeah Oh, this is totally different than moly Moly is chocolate, right? Yeah, this is, I know what this is Ooh, what is it? It's a french fries quid It's quid, no, you're wrong Wait, is it a french fries quid? No, it's not squid Is this ball? No, it's a, it's a pork I don't know what it is Pork? I'll explain it to your ladies Are you ready? Wait, you don't see that? Pork? Oh, really? Are you ready? Yes So, this is what you call dinuguhan It's a dinuguhan Came from the root work to go Which is done Oh, it's a pork blood I've heard this This is the chicken I'm not sure, but I think this only exists in the Philippines So, one time experience, it's up to you I'm not gonna force you to eat it It's the broth The broth is the chicken But, big pork blood and vinegar Edible pork blood Okay, okay I'm gonna try it, I know Okay Who's excited? I'm excited I'm excited You guys are so excited I'm excited for this I'm excited for this It's up to you if you're gonna eat rice or not I'm like, yeah Are you gonna pass? Are we? You're shaking? Are you scared? Are you scared? Are you scared? I just, wait, can you get us a three-legged egg? Should we just come in you? You can't come in It's too big It's too big It's too big You can squeeze in Can we all drink it? You can fit I'm maybe more young and move a little bit We can do this We can do it This is good I just think that's okay It's up to you You gotta wait for us I'll try to put the water on the side It's just cold I'm gonna have to mix it with the rice Looks like that's a pork belly Love the authentic way Are there different pieces of beef? Actually, we don't see that I think it's pork belly No, not that Is that vegetable? That's an instant We squeeze some pork That's pork intestine Okay, she squeezed it I'll try it Wow I didn't even scare that off I just squeezed someone I don't know, I think it's her style Oh, okay, we must try this for this Yeah, no, it's cold-oring Come on, let's do it You should guess Just do a little bit with me here I'll have half of this Oh, that was so good You want the texture You want rice? Mix it with rice I squeezed it a little bit more This is the... Mine is like a... Are you ready? Cheers guys My whole rice They all tried it That's really good My piece was like fatty But it was like... Mine was not fatty, but I love She just ate it Honestly, T-Sake Okay, so... Like, bad rock glow or something Like a... No, but... And this is... No, it's... It looks like a large intastinomy Like a pork largein Wow, okay It's going all in May! This is good I think that was untestable No I think that was vegetable Oh, is it? It's kind of crunchy Oh, I wonder I don't know I can't care I never cooked that very vegetable It's... Oh, it's good Get the second bite I'll let this one Have more Yeah, go ahead Is that one on top? I don't have one more like... It looks like a basil See, it looks just like an anpan It kind of looks like cilantro Is it cilantro? I don't know Oh, she goes nuts Okay It's scared This is the thought of it Yeah, the thought of it Maybe people have said that I had one Mm-hmm No, it's understandable I'm pretty sure people can understand you Okay, let's do it again Go No It doesn't taste bad I don't know how to explain the flavor It's different Okay, it's like Yeah It's something I definitely never tried before, but it's really good I'd say not a thing again It's a different thing I could eat this for dinner in like a lot of it too It's so good Ooh, I can't imagine why I can't eat it by itself I like it by itself more than the rice, because you can taste more of like the meat Oh, it's really nice I'm actually like it I was at first kind of scared, but Just nothing good about it It's really good It's really good It's just the thought of it Yeah, it's scary Like the first time I tried I got scared too, but If you didn't say anything I mean, I'm not gonna do that to you guys Yeah, it was good Really good But my first roll of my face No, I have a white face It kind of looks like an Indian dish Let's try this Ooh, dinner is on Dinner on? Yes It smells good It's just gonna hard to tell which part you're eating It's okay But I'm pretty sure it's important Cheers That's delicious That's busted Busted? Busted, busted, busted This is galley This is galley Yeah This is really good It looks like It looks like mule For those who are familiar with that But it tastes like Just poor, I shouldn't Yeah, and a sauce Honestly, I was kind of scared Because it kind of looks like duki Kind of like what? Like duki What is duki Ooh There's a little jargon color It's a little different Which there's nothing wrong with that It's really good It almost has like a citrusy taste to it Yeah It's from the vinegar maybe? Yeah That's gonna be your first one I'm gonna go so hard I'm gonna eat this whole thing I will eat that whole thing That's like a dordantic Yeah, this is a salad tena Wow, that's good It's really good Yeah, I've been trying it Oh, yeah It's so good Oh my gosh Is it recording? Yeah Eat that because I think that's the vegetable I was saying Or you could taste the vegetables You're trying that You see the piece I'm pointing at She's like Yeah Yeah Is it recording? Yeah, it's good You're good Okay Okay And then Which one do you think that is? I think it might be that one Yeah Yeah, yeah It's green, show the camera Oh yeah That's what I was thinking Oh, it's chili Oh It's green chili It's really good Yeah, it's green chili So I'm gonna say it was crunchy Kind of like a Korean pepper Yeah I couldn't figure out what It's like jalapeno Yeah, it was a spicy I'd assume like a long pepper Yeah, it's a long pepper Yeah Just like Mmm Okay Wow Mmm Mmm Big bite Okay So in Indonesia there's a soup they call it raowan It's like a beef soup kind of situation It kind of tastes like that But thicker This is really so good with the ratchez sauce Actually, wait Okay, so It's good, so Yeah, good What? I feel like it is that much It's really good I need to try it My mom says she cooked pretty good at the going Really? Like my dad cooks Okay Pretty good at that I've been trying hers Let's do it again But with ratchez sauce Sweet righteous Mmm That looks good I'm calimating Do That was good Mmm Mmm I wish I did have more No, bro Wow What are you reading? No, this is good, wait Do wait Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Thank you for the food coming Yeah, don't get full I'm definitely going to get it Wow! How much more do we have? Yeah, let your plan I heard something that's cooking right now Well, this is dessert that was just like Right? This is just heavy because it's meat Right? Yeah, ratchez makes it so much better I want to try it Right? And I'm full Okay, you're getting full? Yeah I want to try this Yeah, that's bomb So I do the rice with this Is that what you did? Yeah, yeah So I remember this I like this as well I like this as well I like it as well I like it as well I like it as well I like it as well I like it as well Oh, are we trying it with sriracha? Yeah, it's bomb It's very delicious Some rice? Wow Yeah, spicy didn't go on, I think I have that kind of version But well, we use sriracha chili That makes sense, not in Yeah, but not sriracha hot sauce though With the sriracha It's like a 20 out of 10 It's a 10 out of 10 It's so good So it's like a 60 out of 40 Basically, whatever you want it to be Just know it's good I'm going to try it with the sriracha I'm going to try it with the city Let's spin Spin This is awesome I don't know Yeah Right Right Right Right Yeah 20 out of 10 Right Really good I'll try it Yeah, you try it with the reaction He's trying it Oh, there's the pepper What it was about? It's very delicious It's very delicious How's the sriracha? It's very delicious Versus my dad's version Wait, sriracha Sit down, Liam You're not in the camera Yeah There you go Hello, my new chup fill It is me It is me It is me Better than my dad's Oh, you're going to go Oh, you're going to go Oh, he's coming to get you He's just going to get you Get you to get you to get you to get to the house now Wait, try with sriracha That's chili He's definitely going to kick you out for this Yeah I don't like pork fat I like it I think I got the belly Yes It's good, right? There's no rice Yeah, there's a little piece It's good Add sauce It's not up now Try it with me