 I pray to God that Tagalog doesn't disappear. It is a very beautiful melodic language. I love to hear it. Yeah. It's so cute. It's so, it's just nice to hear. Yeah, I love it. What's up Philippines? Welcome to another reaction video here on our channel. I'm Mike. And I'm Nelly. We're two travel food and lifestyle bloggers based in the beautiful city of Makati here in the Philippines. If you want to see awesome travel vibes, food and lifestyle videos, check out our main channel making it happen blog. Link right here. Here. Today, we are going to be reacting to how fluent are Filipinos in English. Oh, that sounds very, very cool. But before we jump into this video, we need your support because we're getting dangerously close to hitting 100,000 subscribers on this channel. And I'm getting dangerously close to hitting 100,000 followers on Instagram. And a few weeks ago, I made a promise that once I hit 100k, on Instagram, I will sing and perform a song in Tagalog for you guys with Nelly's help. So yeah, I'm going to try and say. I'm singing and everything. So I'm a terrible singer. So there'll be a lot of fun. So head on over to making it happen blog and Instagram. Give me a follow, shoot me a message. And also while you add that, head over to Nelly's life, underline, underline, let's make it happen. Yes. Let's jump into this video. OK. Woo. Babu, hi everybody. Hi. Ako Tsimari from H. Did you guys get that? I was speaking in Taglish, one of the most spoken languages in the Philippines. In one of our previous videos, we did a street interview in Manila and challenge Filipinos to speak only in Tagalog. But today, we're going to switch the challenge and have people speak only in English. So let's see how well they do. What do you think is the percentage of the English people who are already in the UK? I think 80 to 85%. That's what I think, 30% is the only thing I can say. How much is 80%? I'm sure you'll get 25. I think I'm 70% because I know. The language official is English. In Filipino, of course, it's a gadget. I'm going to teach it to you. There are subjects that you can use in English. I was born in Taglish. I was born in Mexico. I speak English, Tagalog, and Spanish terms. I'm good. OK. OK. What is eight global viewers? Can you explain what the Taglish is? Taglish is a combination of English and Tagalog. In the middle of the sentence, you can speak Tagalog and then switch to English. So I don't know if you have any questions especially in the millennial. This is a challenge for us. From now on, English is the only thing that's left of us. It's a good question. Is that possible? Yes, it's possible. If you ask us, the question is about English, you will answer also in English. OK, it's the game. OK, it's the game. I don't even know. I agree. It's the game. Have you read of the FIFA World Cup? Yes. I watched FIFA World Cup from the group stages to the finals. No. Because I really like volleyball. Because I'm a volleyball player since elementary. So you know, I'm the focus on sports. I don't know. I don't feel happy and I don't. We are... We used to watch... Basketball? Piva. Because we are not a big fan of Piva. A FIFA. Why do you think our Philippine team failed to qualify for the FIFA World Cup? There are a lot of factors that which is... The Filipinos are not getting this. That is for my side. The Filipinos... ...NAT... Hello. I... ...I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Sorry for the Filipino. We are not capable to qualify in FIFA World Cup because we... ...peacically Filipino is smaller in height and other... ...in other east. Financially, we cannot afford the registration in FIFA World Cup or we are not... ...we are not... ...peacically fit and trainable in terms of FIFA World Cup. What do you think should our Philippine government do or at least do in order for them to be included in international competitions in the future? For what I think they should do more practice and then what else? For the government of course, they should help the athletes too. Like... ...and then... Okay, I just have to stop for a second. I think it's a very difficult topic to talk about. And second of all, there's a camera pointing in there. Which makes things even harder, you're not used to talking to cameras. If somebody would ask me anything about the FIFA World Cup, I couldn't give an answer. I don't want to talk about it. I have no idea about form of one. What I also find very interesting is... ...so there's two things. One thing is... ...a lot of Filipinos battle to use the letter F. Yes. So many times when a word starts with F, it's more pronounced with kind of like a P. Yes. Like a slight P, B, B, P, Filipino kind of like that. And Anno gets used a lot when we say... ...a lot of Filipinos use Anno or Perro. And what I also wanted to add is... ...taglish to me is the best way to learn Tagalog. Because if Filipinos speak Taglish with me, I'm starting to understand it already because... You get the context. Especially if you know what you're talking about, the topic that you're talking about, you start understanding it. Yeah. Okay. Like giving them... Oh no. So for now, we're going to start with the challenge. How is the challenge now? The hero. The hero. The hero. The hero is the same. He's not a fan of the English. The hero is the one who challenges you. The challenge is... And let's get one to ten. How difficult it is. Five. Yes. Five is for the English and five for the Tagalog. That's fine. I'm sure that I'm prepared to speak English because I'm a future educator. So I'm going to use English to deliver my lessons to the future. Even though we're an English subject, we're still teaching Tagalog. We're still Filipino. So we're not that good at English. I'm not that good because I'm not that good at English. Because you're the one who makes English when you're in the middle of the school. You're the one who's going to have a good time. The hero is not that good at English. Because he's the one who's more good at speaking Tagalog than English. Actually, I'm not that good at English. But there are some ideas that are best expressed in English. And then there are others who are more good at Filipino. The Tagalog is a good thing because we're not that good at English. So it's better to speak English because it's common. You're an incident that you're an native speaker of English. And you're not that good at English because you're a Tagalog. Just a second. It is very interesting that there are no rules for Taglish. As he said, it comes out naturally. And English is my third language. So when I talk to my sister, we both speak three languages, four languages, if you can't Italian, which I haven't spoken in a while. But we mix words up. So it's half Yugoslavian, half not half. Half Yugoslavian, no. Mac is the strong suit. It's one third. Yugoslavian, one third German and one third English. And it comes out however we feel like in that moment. For me, it's half Yugoslavian. A quarter, a third English and a third Yugoslavian. Because she speaks a lot, so it's more than a hundred percent. Oh, sorry. Just need to fix something. Yes, like for example, with my cousin since he was born in America. I was speaking in Taglish also that I thought he would understand. Last December when I was with my cousins, they migrated from Philippines to America. The scenario was actually in the Starbucks, I asked him to buy me a prop. So I said, you know what I'm saying? He felt to understand me so what he did was just give me his money. So what do you think? What do you think of the society of Philippines? What is the fluid of the language? Well, culturally, when English is very long, so it seems that I'm sure that English is good because I have a lot of experience. It's much higher than what you see. The way you see it, you see it when you're fluent in English, but you don't see it when you're fluent in English. We know that we're in Filipino, but if you're in other countries, it's a good thing because you're so good at speaking in English, you're confident that you're able to speak in English. So what do you think? We're not in the same language as Filipino, but in the English language, speaking fluent in English. I think that's what I'm feeling. But what do you think? I think that's not the right thing because if you're not sure, you're going to be able to understand the Filipino language. What do you think? English speaking is good. You're going to be able to understand the language. You're going to be able to understand the language. I can say it's possible. I'm going to be able to read it. I'm not sure if I can understand it. I'm going to be able to translate it to my own language. But I'm going to be able to understand the Filipino teacher. So if you ever put in time, you know what the relevance of Filipino society is? It seems like the negative side is there. Because our culture is our language, it's not good. But I think the positive side is there. Because the Filipino flu is there in English. So we can communicate with the positive side. So if you're going to be able to understand the language, you're going to be able to understand it. When you're not able to use a week, you're going to be able to use it. So we can adapt the Western language. But we can incorporate it in Filipino. Because it's true that you know, you can use it as a week of Filipino. So it's not good if you're not able to use it as a week of Filipino. There are only five weeks left. So I'm going to tell you that the English language is not the same. It's the five weeks left because you're going to be able to use it. So there you have it. People just interview in Manila. And we know that thought may not be an accurate representation of all of the Philippines. We hope that you learned something from this. What are the topics you would like to see covered? Let us know in the comments. For more authentic insight into the latest news and cultural trends all around Asia, be sure to subscribe to Asian Boss. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video. So the last part what they were talking about, I think it really gives the Philippines a competitive edge that so many Filipinos speak very well English. But I pray to God that Tagalog doesn't disappear. I really hope that the language stays a language that's alive that people use because it is a very beautiful, melodic language. I love to hear it. And I also feel like being able to speak Tagalog is what infuses the English language with that very unique accent that Filipinos have when they are speaking that. It's so cute. It's just nice to hear. I love it. And from our travel experiences we can tell that in our opinion it was around 80-90% who at least spoke or understood English. We never had troubles communicating with people. And I can so, so, so relate to people being afraid to speak in English because I had the same thing a few years ago where I was afraid to speak in English in front of the camera. I say I would say to you, I don't want to look stupid. I don't want to, you know, it doesn't, how do you say it? It doesn't represent how I speak in German. And sometimes I have to think a little bit longer but I'm really, really glad that I overcome my fear and, you know, the weird thing is... I feel like I'm battling to speak clean German. Yeah. When we were stranded in Shagawa a few months ago, there were some Germans and when I was speaking with them I was like, God, this sounds terrible because mainly when I speak German with each other but it's a very specific dialect from where we come. So it sounds differently and when I speak the regular German it feels so weird to use it. Yeah, so, we missed you. Oh, that was a really nice video. Yes, awesome, love it. Asian Boss usually has really good topics on their channel. I will link the channel down below and we hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, give it a thumbs up, subscribe, hit the notification bell to get notified once the next video comes out. And help us reach our goal of hitting 100k both on Instagram and on this channel. So, thank you very much. We'll see you guys next time here on... What's a Philippines? Bye-bye.