 Future Friday. Differently. You know, we get tagged in thousands of videos a week. Especially on TikTok. And there are a lot of them. There are a lot of this. So sort of like, see, satin umand sessions, you know, karaoke sessions and stuff. And I always think it's like, with a platform like this, right? You got to, I feel, share the love for some of the most talented individuals in the world, right? Yes! Amen! For artists, you know, like the ones that like have chosen to do this for a living, you know? And then everyone then you get a video like this one. That's like the happy middle. Limuel is no damn joke. I totally agree with that statement. He has mastered the satin umand sessions. And he has the best singing buddies ever. But he's like a real singer to the side. He is. Genuinely artist. I learn what tingin means. Tingin means cool look. A little bit obsessed, not gonna lie. No, no, very obsessed. Oh god, what are you gonna do this time? I know the classic, you bet. Whoa! You're not wearing that. Oh, see, go! That's insane, right? You mean? If I didn't see him, I'd certain so much energy, I would think it's a record. Wow, I've never heard anyone sound that good, bro. I'm the karaoke partner. Listen, I think also the freaking, I hear what I love about this sessions, that this karaoke machines come in with high reverb. They're reverb gods. Just like really love this machines. You can tell here. But it's just, yeah, it's great. I didn't know this song. Neither. Ah! Clutches pearl. And he's got range as well. Clutches pearl. Those larynxes are so warm from that alcohol, bro, you can tell. They're oozing goodness. Ah! That song is weird. I'm not listening to original at the end. Wait, I don't have my glasses on. Is the guy in the corner singing as well? Sometimes. I keep thinking that I thought the harmony is where the track, but he's a person singing. He's trying to find it as well. That was very good. Wow. Woo! What the fuck? Was that, bro? Oh, wow. This guy. I love that nobody. Oh, that trumpet out of his back bucket. I love that nobody's like surprise. Nobody's acting like this is like so out of pocket. Oh, that's really cool. As well, he's sitting there like Thanos with all the infinity stones. It's just there. Once I have this mic, it's game over. I was not born with that voice. And if I was Filipino, I don't even think I would have been born by that. Because it would have been problems. And it's funny because in the comments people in the Philippines are like, wow, I'm really part of that one presenter. I cannot hold a tune. I met a friend of mine who is Filipino. And they used to say that they had something to see. F-C-S. And I was like, what is that Filipino who can't sing? And I was like, wow, okay. I'm one of them just from the human. I'm just one of the humans that can't sing either. I'm not that bad. But the thing is you have to put into perspective. I'm holding a tune is one thing. Singing like that. In that shit karaoke machine. That's something completely different. It makes you sound terrible. That's just something completely different. No. I don't think I don't know how they do it. Honestly, it shouldn't work. But if I was born and I could do that on the video machine, I would walk around like I'm the biggest. I'm like I'm eat. You know, like everyone's lives just revolves around mine. These high school musicals and I am Troy Bolton. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. He didn't even sing. Bro, after we were going to get a lemur Giannis special. Who the hell is that guy? This guy's a he. This man. And the guy standing next to him with a tattoos leaf. What are their names? I need to know their names, their surnames. There are counts. No, no, no, no, no, they're tags. I mean like they're ads. I just the bad not the bank. No, I just need to know like, how would you getting touched? This guys are incredible. Do they have more freaking videos? Because they were they were kind of too good. No, it is not a normal day. This is an outrageous day in word gameplay. You're inverted yourself. We were like, shiii happy people are wow, I miss the Philippines. Wow. Yes. I mean I have to say though, let's say they say you, but you know, bad luck is sort of living that neighborhood where no one can sing, right? It's unlikely. But yeah, go ahead. I'm saying you'll have to be quite unlucky. But let's say it happens, right? I mean, you know, whatever, maybe, but I'll continue. But because the video machine is also cultural. Yes, you must some of you guys come on, you come on, come on, come on, they would work. Tell me about that time, you know, that your neighbor tried to sing, you know, he thought he was limuel. You know, he thought he was more except among, you know, he thought he was killed by gilinam, you know, you know, you know, like that, but it sounds like me like a rabbit being fucking twisted by the neck. Or cats having sex. How you? Do that you wild by our Burnt House. There's like these two crazy ass rabbit having cats. They're always getting their own at night. Like demons. It is great. Anyways, if you do any of your neighbors try to sing, but it's just garbage. But by law because it's culture, you can't say anything to it. Because since South America, no one, I mean, karaoke's not that popular, but by the naturals are very popular. I know, but listen, the Sarasas are three o'clock in the morning people singing it. Like, he's very rare though, when the person can actually sing. I don't think it's actually ever happened. They can't sing. Nobody can sing that. It's like a one to one comparison. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, it's the pinnows are basically Mexicans, you know, like us, they're basically Latinos. You know, we, you guys just went to Asia, you know, after Spain took over all of us. Yeah, it was like you guys, your mind now. Yeah. But it was like, bro, where are we in Asia? How the fuck did you come here? You know, it's like, it's like, it's crazy. It's crazy. But that's why I think we relate a lot, like in that sense. See, we don't have the sign of man sessions, but we do have the 3 a.m. dance like we party until the song comes up. So every Friday for no reason, our neighbor used to have a full on party every Friday, every downfall him on his own by himself. Just him. No one else. And he would play salsa from six o'clock in the afternoon, when he came back from work for Umberto. Yeah, up until freaking six o'clock in the morning, a full blast. And you would hear him singing his little heart out. A four o'clock in the morning, shout out Umberto from the block. Then drive shout out, listen, like I'm sweat to God. I swear he was an alcoholic. There's no way that guy could do that every Friday, like 40 days. And also like Saturday as well. Saturday, his buddies used to come around and he was like a whole party. Big by your natural. Yeah, anyways.