 This just made me a little bit tearier. I need a hug. Actually it has happened to us more than once. We just met here, you know, we're not sure. Welcome to Mike's Master! My celebrity! What's up guys, I'm Mike. And I'm Nelly. And we love to react to videos here of the Philippines because we are two travel vloggers that live in those amazing countries. We've been traveling food for three years and a year ago decided to make this our home bed. So welcome to our channel. If you want to see some travel food and lifestyle videos from the Philippines, check out our main channel, making it happen vlog. What's your pop-up here? Right here. Nelly, what are we reacting to today? Okay, so today we are reacting to a video of somebody we have already seen on this channel. Oh. But it's not the couple's channel. I think it's his own channel. Okay. Do you... I remember Nelly. Was like, what is it like having a Filipino go from? Yes. Yes. We really enjoyed these videos. And today we are reacting to his video about how generous are Filipinos. And it is a social experiment. Interesting. So, I'm very curious to see... ...Hitman's art. Just a second. Spoiler alert. We know the result is going to be, as I said, we live in this country. We know that Filipinos are extremely generous. Yes. And wherever you travel in this country and somebody is eating, there's a group of people... It's always like, can't I? Yes. Come join us, eat with us. Let's eat. And that... That has a lot of amazing experiences as well. Oh yeah. Uh, Shiree? How are we? Sh- yeah, we shall. Okay. And it's good. I'm still so shocked. No, don't really... This is amazing. My name is Markian and today we're traveling through Filipino culture to see how we can rely on the kindness and generosity of strangers. Let's go do it. I've known a lot of Filipino people in my life and I was always surprised by how kind and generous they were. And now... Seeing that, don't you miss hugging people? Yes. I just wanted to say... Due to pandemic, I really miss hugging other people. Even though with our friends when we meet them, it's so so awkward for us. We are huggers. So it's super, super awkward for us to see other people and not hug. I feel so... Yeah, I don't know. Oh, what? Ha ha ha. Now that I'm in their country, I want to show you how generosity is a big part of Filipino culture. Okay, so today to prove how amazing Filipino are, we're going to go on a challenge. I'm going to try and get things for free without asking for it. Let's see how people will respond. Weee! The first challenge is food. Okay, so we're going to go up to that food truck and pretend like I've lost my wallet. Let's see if we can get some food. Okay. I know Filipinos love to share food. Let's see if they will do that with me for free. I'm wondering if you would be willing to share food with them. Ah, here we go. What do you like? No, don't really. So you would be willing to make one of these for me? Yes, okay. Two or three. Ah, okay. It's really good. This Filipino is... Oh my god, he went at the backslap. You guys are so nice. I got him to move to the Philippines. Yes, you should. Ah, shoot. I'm so sorry, this made... This just made me a little bit tearier. Yeah. It's just so nice seeing people giving without anything... Without expecting anything. Yeah, without expecting anything in return and just seeing a stranger smile is enough for so many people here. And it's very touching. Yeah. It's amazing. I never expected this stuff to happen in other countries except in the Philippines. Why are Filipinos so nice? They're so nice. Good answer. Before we try to do the next bigger challenge, I need to make sure to pay the gift. I need that. This is just a small gift for you for being so nice. Oh, thank you. No problem. I hope you like it. The second challenge is getting a ride. The next challenge is a little bit harder. If I walk up to a random car and ask for a ride, what do you think they will do? Oh, it's one over there. It's glass. So you want to go to the other car? No. But we don't have any money so we can't call a tag. You're scared. I'm going really, you have to go. You're so nice. I'm so surprised right now. That was so incontasional. They said yes. We were able to make a new friend and see Manila by car relying only on the generosity of the Filipino people. You always do kind stuff like this to people. Yeah, why not? If you can give it to them, why not? That's amazing. I'm still so shocked. Wow. It just happened. Are you serious? Did that really just happen? Okay. Stop. We were in the vow. The last time was in Sebu. The same thing happened to us in Sebu. We went to this temple to do a little bit sightseeing. We took a taxi up the mountain. But there were no taxis going down. We were looking around looking for taxis. There were people in a pickup saying, where are you going? We said we are going into the city center. They said, come hop on. Let's go. We are going into Tarnas World and we just hopped onto the truck in the back. We're basically hitchhiking. Yeah, such awesome people. Actually, you should check out that video. It's really, really cool to have you on the car. Papa Bright here. It was shortly before synologue. Yes, that was shortly before synologue. Another time that the same thing happened was in the vow with Jesse. Jesse. Jesse, who is our friend from the vow, or back then he was a stranger. Offered us to give us a ride home after a market visit. He saw us. He said, hey, I watch your videos. Can I give you a ride home? We're like, we're just born and we're like, we're just met here. We're not sure. But he seemed like a nice guy. So we, you know, living in this country, we kind of know that it's trust worthy. And then the next day he picked us up to show us the mountainous area north of Dvaro. And even at that time when we went back from that mountain trip, he took some teachers with him in the back. Yeah. They were like going to school or going back from school. And he just said, oh, okay, hop on, put him in the back. And they were sitting in the back, laughing. And we were like, we were having a good time. Yeah. So that is, I can confirm that. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. We. Is defined a home to sleep. This one is going to be a bit tough. Dude, how is most defined shelter? We will go to random homes in Minila, and what we will do is, we will knock on their doors and we will politely ask if they could host us for the night. We will pretend we have nowhere to stay. This is the ultimate test to show you the essence of Filipino culture. Just sit there. I know it's so much I don't even know what to do. Sorry, I was just checking his way of filming. No problem, thank you very much. It's funny because they reject us so respectfully and politely. You're like, I'm so sorry, we don't have any place. We need a place to stay. So sorry. I hope you can accept my 500 pesos. Oh. I think it's so much. So it's going to give them money. Oh, I'm sorry. But you're like just a regular. Oh. You can't, you know. No problem. And then you're welcome to the stage. Oh! Yeah, so yeah. No! Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm almost used to it. You just came. Oh my God. I'm going to be right here. Oh! Thank you guys. Thank you. Oh my God, we found a place. This is amazing. These people are so nice. Really beautiful. I left exceptional. Exceptional. Exceptional. I'm still in shock. Why are you so open and kind to letting us like complete strangers stay in your home? Being nice, being kind to people. It goes along with. Yeah. Very nice. You know, we want to spread that energy. If I can be nice to someone help them. And that touches them. Spices them to be nice to me. I think. Yeah, the world would be better for us. Because you could all use a total kindness and compassion. And then say, be kind to our inner people. Yes. Oh my God. It is currently 140 in the morning. We just had the craziest bonding experience with this family. Eating balloon. Yeah. Singing karaoke, trying Filipino geese. They are such a nice, open-minded, open-arms family. And it's inspiring to see how much this culture gives, especially when it's a culture that doesn't have the most. And it inspires me to want to give more and just have that instant connection with strangers and just invite them with open arms. So we're going to bed now because I'm exhausted. Okay. We haven't tried that yet. But our friend, Jen from Shagart told us a story where they went on a road trip. And I can't remember where they went exactly. But she said they were at the restaurant and they didn't book any accommodations. That was the first time that they didn't really book in advance. And then it turned out that everything was fully booked. So during dinner, they were talking about where to sleep that night and then they just kind of said, oh yeah, let's just sleep in the car. And the waitress was overhearing the conversation and said, you can sleep at my place. So this is definitely a thing here in the Philippines. No. Actually, it has happened to us more than once. What? It happened to us when we were on the road trip and Abby said, June has a place. Yes. And then they became our family. Jen offered us a place to stay at her sister's in Surygos. It's happened many times. Yes, I just remember. Oh my god, how could I forget? Okay, so crazy story with the family in the 8th was we had no idea who these people were. We never met them. We never even spoke on the phone or anything. And we just relied on an email from a viewer saying, hey, we can stay at my friends place. I would like, okay, we have not met you and we have not met your friend. We don't know what we're doing, but we're going and we went there and it was the best experience ever. We had a very similar experience with drinking, sun-mig, and we became really, really close friends. And we consider them as our family. Our Filipino family now. That's also an authentic love with synagogue. Yes, true. Wow, we had Filipinos offer us a ride for free, a meal for free. And even a home for free. This is seriously amazing. If you've never been to the Philippines, you definitely should. The country is beautiful. But the people from the inside are even more beautiful. My name is Markian, keep smiling and I'll see you in my next video. Oh! This is the best advertising of Filipinos in my opinion. That's an awesome video. Yeah. Sometimes I'm really shocked that foreigners don't really know how amazing the people here are. And I'm not just saying this because this channel is called What's a Philippines or just... I just genuinely love living here. And it touches me every single day. How people treat each other, how they respect each other, how they help each other out. And it's just very heartwarming to be here. I feel like the number one mistake that tourists make when they come to the Philippines is they miss the opportunity of making a connection to the locals. Because it's so unique. But Filipinos are in general always very open-minded and they always start the conversation. So we've seen a few instances where people had a really really good time. Okay, that was it for today. Yeah, hope you guys enjoyed the video. Yeah, I forgot to mention that but all the original videos of our reaction videos are always linked in the description box down below. So if you want to see more content of this guy, please check it out. What's this video? Leave him a comment. I truly believe he put a lot of effort into showing the Philippines in the best way possible. Also if you enjoy our videos, go and show the original creators of the content some love because a lot of work and effort goes into those videos. Okay. Alright. We'll see you next time. On. What's up Philippines? And what's the time? Hahaha.