 How did my life change after marrying you? Yes. Well, I'm significantly poorer, unfortunately. Ha ha ha ha ha. So maybe not everyone would want to hear the story about how it met, but it's a nice story for us, isn't it? And so one thing that's definitely changed since marrying a Bill of Paineries, every time we go somewhere in this flower, so we have to stop and take some photos. And you can't just take a few photos. You basically have to take every imaginable type of photo or video possible. And yes, when you go to a garden there's lots of flowers, it takes a very long time to get around. It doesn't it love? What are you talking? Nothing. It's in the Jesus' wall, one. You're making a garset, aren't you? Making gossip. What was that for you? Wait, wait, I wasn't there for sure, it's here. I'm not sure I remember to come in more often in the winter. Hi guys. I'm doing a weird bit of darkness and shade. No, you only think that the visual brain looks like shades, but it's actually nice and fun. It's actually like a porousness. It's like no one has to leave. Welcome to Tina. This is Tina's She OK Life Style. Hello guys, welcome to Tina's Family. She's OK Life Style. This is UK Family and Box Style. It's a big deal. Hello guys, hello everyone. Tina's UK Family and Life Style. For the best people. It's all out. How big that flower is, man. It's all the skin. It's beautiful. It's probably smell like this and then top them. Conver the same. Because it's like that. Concealer. But before that. Hello guys, significant big moment. Who is that man ? We are here again. We've been here. in this specific spot. Yeah, it's so quiet here. This spot is so quiet. So maybe not everyone would want to hear the story about how we met, but it's a nice story for us, isn't it? Remurable. Yeah. And for those who are familiar with our channel would have seen the video about how we met in person for the first time. So we were in a long-distance relationship for only about six months. Well, I say that. Before we met, we were in an LDR for six months before we met. Sorry, the interruptive baby, it's six months. I thought only for months and then you... Oh, maybe you're right. I thought you decided to... Okay, sorry. Actually... Maybe that's the other person you're talking about. It's not me. What other person? I'm joking, though. So we were about... We were in an LDR, a long-distance relationship for not a very long time. Which was great. We met online in around February 17th. February 2017 is when we first sort of both agreed that we wanted to be in a relationship. But that's why I was thinking it was more like six months. I seem to remember meeting you online before that. And we just sort of exchanged a few messages and then we stopped. We didn't have real regular contact, did we? Yes. And then I decided to email you. I emailed you to say that I really liked you. And although it seemed quite like an unrealistic thing to happen. That I wanted to, if possible, try to have a relationship with you. Yeah, you have to keep saying that. And then when he first emailed me, I got interested to read it because it's a very, very long email. It seems like every single big document from United Kingdom. Because it's a long, long email explaining about who he is and what is your job. I remember thinking that if we're going to be in a long-distance relationship, it's almost like a pen pal. I'm assuming you have a pen pal as a phrase, isn't it? I've got old, old. Like exchanging letters. Well, the only way we're going to get to know each other is if I tell you a bit about myself and then take it from there. So I sort of opened up my heart at that time, didn't I? And then, yeah, we just started speaking more often. And I don't really remember, so what were the time differences? So the Philippines is seven hours ahead from the UK. It was always directly after work, that's right. So I remember it was always late, wasn't it? Yes. Oh, that's right. Oh, that's right. It was at the end of my night time. So if I stayed up late, then you would start getting up early. Yeah. So let's say like, if it was midnight in the UK, then you would wake up in the morning, like seven in the morning or earlier. So I'd speak to you at the end of my night, wouldn't I, every night? And it's hard, right? Isn't it? It's really hard. Is it, of course. I can't believe these stories that you see when people have been in relationships LDR for years. It must be really, really hard. And I remember we used to do things like, we used to try and watch movies at the same time. And then play games together. Yeah. So it's completely understandable to all of these people that are online looking at LDR videos. Yeah, I've inherited a family, not just Rionna and inherited a daughter. I've gained a daughter, but I've gained an entire family now. And a massive family as well. Yeah, it comes with responsibilities as well, doesn't it? Because I always knew that by, I want a better way of saying it, but by taking you out of the country and removing you from the family, that they weren't going to have you there. So, you know, we would, they would always going to want your help. Want the ducks to fight. Well, I guess if I was talking about like, why, why did I marry a feather painter? Well, the only reason I married a feather painter is because I fell in love with you. And I might be the one you really want, and I feel it too. But you don't know what I've been going through. This is when you tell me that you're different. This is when you try to make me fall. Confidence me, it's true. That is why you want me like you do. You know, guys, my brother, I'm here. Forget what I told you. Forget all about that tonight. Just remember the flame. You remember the flame. The wooden freebites. So, you can play me that I am being out. I'm sorry, but I think that's your first mistake. Oh, yes. Baby. What do you want to fork? Yes, please. Okay. Touched rope. I'm getting touched. One of the reasons why we're blacking is because I really want my parents to see this because they are happier. Yeah, it makes them very happy, doesn't it? Because they used to always enjoy seeing your Facebook posts. But obviously we want to make memories. A live video. We've conversation. You get to experience more, don't you really? It's nice to hear you guys. It's stunning view. So, yes, thank you guys for all the nice comments and about seeing that my husband is very supportive. Salamat, Paul. What can you say about that? Yeah, I just enjoy doing it with you. It's fun. It's something that we can do together. And yeah, we're recording the videos to make memories. Yeah, to make memories and also for my parents, my family. So, this is one of our favorite spots here. Right by the lake. Yeah, it's just beautiful here already. I'm going to go and get that detail, guys. I'm going to have a live change after marrying you. Yeah. Well, I'm significantly poorer, unfortunately. So, yeah, some of the people who make jokes and comments are not always wrong. Yeah, I'm making them. I'm a skint now, mate. You're a skint. You're a skint. It's a personal reflection. It's a reflection. You're a skint. I'm angry, relaxing on. It's a rotten and hanging detail. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture. I'm going to have a look at the picture.