 Hello guys, welcome to an old vlog to a super sunny day. Since I decided to make more videos about my daily life here in the Philippines, I was kind of always busy, I was always exploring somewhere in the public market, visiting some cool locations, made my outdoor cooking dreams come true. So I didn't really have a day yet, when I was actually just showing a regular day in my life here in the Philippines. So today is finally time for us. I originally wanted to start this day with a morning walk in a pretty location, but to be honest I have a difficult time baking a early morning, but there are still quite a few things that I want to get done today. There are a few things that we want to pick up in the area, and the first step is going to be a garden. I try to call it being made fair that way, so no idea, hello! So first we are going to a garden because I'm really into planting something, and I want to get some useful plants that I put plant around the house and use for cooking. As we speak to Alicia getting her morning walk at the end. Oh, oh, oh! Crossing the road is always really exciting here. Oh yeah? Oh yes there's a cabale that I thought you I need to get on the local up trying plant. Here's the garden. What's up? I don't know what is this, but I'll be by ice cream. Ice cream? Ice cream? Oh, I've never had that before. Thank you. Look how cool. Just at the entrance of the garden, there were a classical passing by with some... Thank you. Thank you. With some ice cream, which I never had before. I just thought you in one of my previous videos that I lived in the Philippines for years, and I'm so surprised that even after years just daily I'm finding new things that I've never seen and never tried before. And this seems to be like kind of like on ice cream, like on ice cream, milk and there's some chocolate, syrup and milk powder on it, so we will see how it tastes. It's really nice. That's really good, like kind of like an ice cream basically but for 15 pesos that's really really important for it. So much air. That was definitely a brain freeze, but it's a perfect snack to go out since even though it's still early morning, it's really really hot. So many cool plants, but I shouldn't get tempted. Oh, these are so cute. These little coxay. Shouldn't get tempted with this because I want to get something that is actually like useful like calamansi or chili or something like that. Oh, these are so cool though. I love ones, I they are so pretty. Oh wow. I'm already getting tempted. Lemon seed. Yes, lemon. A dish? Yes. What kind of a dish is this? It's cool. No chili but they have calamansi so that's also good. I just want to get something that can just grow around the house and at the time I need this for cooking, I can just pick some off. Silly. I didn't know I'm in Tagalog chili. They didn't understand what I want with chili. I know it's not going to grow fruit yet, but it will be faster than starting from seed. Thank you, Paul. I'll take another one and then I'll take another one. Okay. Maybe I'll pick up hourly so it's really late or I just don't want to carry it because I still want to go to the small market to pick up some cooking ingredients. But that's so nice that little tree was only 50% and the soil with it to replant it. He gave it for free so that was really sweet. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. Oh, it's so good. It's so good. Veggies are done. I got a little bit again. Now we will just pick up a few more things for planting the calamansi and we need a few more things to use around the house. I really enjoy and appreciate that we can get literally everything we need just in the area walking around. This is one of the many reasons why I prefer life in the province. There are even hardwares here getting some wares to use around the house. I thought you're literally whatever you need. You just find it walking around in these areas. Pixel is really famous though everyone is asking about her. Wherever we walk people are pointing her out and asking about her. There's a little foot down here just living in the heart. Her store is so cute. So loaded. This is a sakbet pool. I'm probably shopping three. And I've matched the both the goal. I'm back home now. Got everything I needed. It was extremely hot but now it's starting to get quite cloudy which I actually don't mind. Inside I was just cooking some really yummy tofu. This is because I just didn't film it for you now because lately I was doing a lot of cooking in my videos. And I didn't want to do that again. But it's actually part of my daily life because I cook on home made food almost every single day. You just couldn't really see it in my previous videos where I was only vlogging when I was traveling or on trips. I will start the planting soon. I'm just also preparing some pundasal inside. Some videos ago I was buying some garlic pundasal and it was the best pundasal. I've ever had. We went back the other day and they didn't have it anymore. So since that I've been craving it so much. Since I couldn't buy it I'm going to bake it myself. Here's my pundasal though. I think it's ready to form the little pundasals from it. There they are. I coated them into bread crumbs. Okay I made something. Does it taste good? Yes. Is it very garlicy? Yes. Is it like a pundasal? Looks like one but not really. But I tried. If you guys have a good pundasal recipe then please leave it in the description box because this is good but it's definitely not like the one that they are selling here in the shops. But I'm just going to enjoy it with some coffee and then time to plant that tree. Good morning it's the next day. morning walk happened it still could be earlier but at least it happened at all. We just came to this mountain road area to walk pixel a little bit and at least it was early enough for Tahoe that's kind of how you can tell if it's early or not. We just asked the vendor to put it in this mug instead of the regular plastic cup. It's it's really nice because it's keeping the Tahoe warm plus it's less plastic for the environment. And there's a cute little bit here that would be such a perfect picnic area. There's a lot of quests but everywhere around the mountains here just for a walk or a little picnic and this place is already so pretty. Turning into a morning jogging session. It would really be a perfect jogging place to do. There are a lot of bikers here also and I also saw some people jogging. It's just a really good area in general for morning activities. On other pretty fields with a very nice you wherever I walk in this area they're just beautiful. You everywhere look at this mountain you. It's so easy to find beautiful spots around the Philippines it doesn't even have to be a tourist spot or doesn't even have to be spotted like a vector fall or anything like that just really on a random mountain road like this. You can find beautiful picnic areas and such a nice view for a walk. Down walking it was definitely way too hot at the end. Luckily they're sorry sorry the river so we could grab a quadring. Need to come back to this area for a walk sometimes when it's not so hot like this. But at least six hours at her morning walk and she's so tender so. Back home it was really super hot at the end but I also got some lumpia. I've been craving lumpia so badly lately and now I didn't have lumpia for three days I think so that's a record so now I have to get some but this is not lumpia on target. This has some other vegetable inside. I think it's like upo or something I prefer to do but this is very nice. And I just wanted to show you my little garden here's the Kalaman City my aloe vera is there's an oregano and those are supposed to be some herbs and that one is supposed to be a longka in the future but yes I think this is all I'm going to film today so this is going to be the end of this vlog. I hope you liked it and I hope you enjoy spending a day with me here in the Philippines. If you did then please subscribe and I will see you next time in my next vlog. Bye!