 But you're Friday. The freshest. Oh my god, the way that I screamed when they got this sent through. This is wild. I know that she, I know that Tali is like a queen, like, totally loved in the Philippines. I know that she was one perhaps when I was younger because she wasn't everything in O'Ela. Like, I got the way that I adore that woman. In the terms of, she obviously is for a problem in the Philippines, but she actually has a song in Tagalog that you guys have recommended lately. What often? So this is Nandito Acó. Nandito Acó. This footage is from 1997. In the Araneta Colosseum. I was two years old when this happened. I was minus one. I knew it. That helps my life. Let us think in. I want the idea of conceiving me. It wasn't even in the atmosphere. Oh yes. Nandito Acó. Nandito Acó. Nandito Acó. She was so beautiful. She's still as beautiful. I don't know why it said West. I want to see her now. I don't know what she looks at me. She still looks beautiful. But it's the hair. Oh yes. There are hats. So gorgeous. Yeah. She's dressed a good looking woman. She's beautiful. I think. I've come with a little bit. I just love how dramatic she is. She's so in. She is the drama. She is the main character. She really delivers. I think it still maintains. I haven't seen anything of hers recently. She's been hot. Yeah, in Latin America. She's been hot. I don't know what she's up to now. Honestly, not glue. Since I came to Europe for a while, I'm not going to get exposed to it. She looks like a doll. No way. She looks like now. Oh, I don't know. Just search the doll. Maybe she's on TikTok. I'm going to find her on TikTok. She's just released a song. She's hot. She's hot. She's just released a mojito. We can look at her Instagram. She has 18 million followers. Well, Talia on TikTok has 9, 9, and 4. She's a good looking woman. She's gorgeous. What are you talking about? She's beautiful. Let me see. Yeah, stunning. She looks stunning. To be fair, she was fairly young there. Yeah, this is the Miramar manager. She's not that old. No, she's like 40 right now. Well, at least it looks like she's 39 or so. Yeah, she looks beautiful. She looks like 40 right now. She looks like a pretty color of the U.S. or a gesture. What is that? I know it's wild. It's wild. It's wild. Yeah, it's wild. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. It's beautiful though because let me explain a moment that we're hearing here that is not highlighted enough. In fact, this happened in 1997. It really gives a lot of perspective into the sound engineering of things. So you're hearing a lot of clarity that comes from her vocalization and stuff. But this has no post-production on it. Even though it wasn't TV, this was pretty raw to what you were hearing in the space. So I'm actually pretty impressed with how stable she is as a singer. I know. Why did I never like, I don't know why I just kind of like always saw her as the actress. Well, she wasn't widely known in South America for being a vocalist. You are. I know, but for a huge pop star though. But not a, you know, I would you call it a, from that pedigree, a specific pedigree of singing. She was a good singer. I mean, she obviously is. But she wasn't known. As a matter of fact, I don't think many people knew that she would have this type of quality. That's true. I'm incredibly surprised. And such precarious environment, you know. Because it's precarious. When you're alive, sometimes she goes wrong, you know. It's true. And if you're not, and if you're not, it's not your language. It's not your city. I mean, you're, this is actually incredibly vulnerable position for her as a vocalist. It's pretty good. But yeah, like, I think probably a lot of people from South America would agree. I think like she was obviously probably, you know, primarily known for her acting and that she obviously had a Korean music. But she made a lot of pop tracks. Yeah, yeah. And she was a look. She was a visual singing, a performer kind of thing. She was the pop princess of the late 90s, early 90s. Oh, wow. Yeah. She really was. And, you know, a lot of the time, especially in those moments, in those years, like early, early, late 90s, early 2000s. Pop singers really didn't have that quality that now you see that it's a bit different. But yeah, it seems she certainly didn't fall into that category because she has. She's certainly not. That's impressive control. Yeah, I'm totally whipped. This is beautiful. And she was, you know, it's like she's very popular in the home because of my mom and Bali. But yeah, like if we were to have an amuse, a conversation about music, which she come into like one of the best singers of the moment. I don't think that she would have been in that conversation. She would have been one of the most popular singers in the moment. Yeah. But perhaps not of that pedigree. But giving this performance bloody, how I'm very impressed. Yeah, it makes you question everything you know. What is reality? I found the whole world just in love with. She's sitting down on everything, man. Was she standing up? I think she's standing up. Yes, she's standing behind her. Yeah. She's standing up, standing up. It's like a friendship. It's beautiful. It's like a friendship. It's beautiful, yes. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. See your love. What love is it? Oh, it needs my own heart. I can't get back in love with my heart. I know. It's going to be weird. It's like two worlds delighted in this really bizarre. Her figure is perfect as well. Or just... Beautiful stuff. Singing wise. It's like a flame. I don't know. Yes, girl. Yes. Yes, girl. Yes. Yes, girl. Yes. If you grew up in an industry, right? If you were a bit like us, where you sort of grew up singing. And she was obviously still very popular. She was actually the moment. She was the role model. She was the moment. And it's just seen the gestures. You were taught those things. You were coached to be like the lia. Listen, the way that my coach used to say, watch the lia perform live. And then you're going to stand in front of the TV and do the exactly what she does. It's like, it's so real. It's kind of weird. Like I said it just now. But it's kind of bizarre how like the two worlds collide. Like it's so weird to hear her singing in Tagalog. Because it's some so natural to her that if you were told that she was Filipino, you will like, yeah, I totally get it. But and then also, I don't speak Tagalog. I don't know. But I'm just saying like, I totally feel like it could. But what is Tagalog, you know, music from the Philippines is starting to feel familiar. Common because we listen to it not only on the channel, but we listen to it on an often a lot. No, not so much. I actually think at the moment I listen to more Filipino artists and music than I do regular other music. Well, I can definitely say this. Listen to more Filipino artists than I listen to more music in Tagalog and you know, Bissai and the Filipino, just in general Filipino music more than music in Spanish. That is actually so correct. And I that's factually correct. That is so accurate and that's wild. Yeah, at the moment I can't say that that's the music industry that I listen to the most. I know I do in my lifetime. I listen to no music industry because I'm listening to funk tracks with no drums. So I can play them. And jazz. Worldwide jazz. So I can't really say. And that's why I listen to it because I'm drumming a lot lately. Learning new stuff. Fucking have to play Bossa, really clean. Oh nice. I feel like I should because, you know. You should. Yeah. And I never paid attention to it when I was younger. Well, actually I hated it. Well, it's true because it's like it was the older, it was the older's music. It's the older people music. I had a big whiplash moment the other day. Trans bleeding. He's like, ah, this finger fell asleep. So do it again faster. Anyways, this is really bizarre. In my heart, it's so happy and anything to me I'm watching. That movie's Bollocks. If you direct a throes or you're a drum, get the fuck out of here. It's like, like, report him. No, be him up. If you throw so in at you, you're allowed to reciprocate. No, violence is not allowed in any circumstance. Do not listen to this human. No. Run away. Hide on the road table. That's a beautiful dress and obsessed with her. How big is that stage? That's a beautiful stage. That's what we love. That's why we love to. That's so funny. She was like the model of models. She was. Especially the young ones like us growing up in the industry. She was the one. Watch Talia. Not for kids, not for boys, but for girls, even the ones. Who was, oh, Riggie Martin was for boys. Yeah, she was a Chayang. That would be spali, even though he's from Spain. He was later on though. He was way later on the 2000s, like 2005-ish forward. Yeah, true. I mean, I guess definitely the same era. Alejandro Sands was also there. Hagan, Alejandro Sands. But in my world, it was more of the... Tito Puente. Yeah, obviously. He was probably number one. Yeah. And he still is. Okay. Greatest percussionist to ever live. I agree, man. I agree. Do you not agree? I do. I do. Like you prepared to, not only joking. If you have a different opinion, just fight me and that's it. Anyway. Well, lovely, lovely sort of interlinks of Rose. It is. It's fantastic. To hope. I don't know. I thought I'd be weird. We do. I don't know what to say, really. Did I act normal? Because he's very odd, I must say. It's really cool though, but I have to be honest. This was a little bit of a mind-boggle because I never... It's really... I never really saw this side of Talia. I really always saw the showgirl. The big dance break, the, you know, the pop songs, everything that's dancing, everything that's forward in that manner. I never really dabbled into her more ballad forward work, especially on a life setting, not at all. Which is really, it's really strange. And I find like, it's fascinating to me that after so many years of knowing who she is in her career, like, it's today. I get to find out something that happened. Woo! So many miles ago. Sure, amazing. Sure, amazing. But let us know what you thought about it and perhaps what other performances we should check out next. And yeah, thanks for watching us.