 Future Friday. The freshest. So the Filipino music industry is known for... Bid it? No Bid it? No Bid it? No Bid it? No Bid it? No Bid it? No Bid it? So you know the highest notes, so performing... Belters. Belters. Belters. Belters. Someone has made a compilation of Americans singers, so I presume like the Tamilovatos perhaps they're granddays. Is it accurately Americans or is it just Westerners? I don't know, we'll see. Versus the whole Filipino sort of singing array of Belters, I presume. Let us begin. Let us begin. Oh yes. That's why I was pretty much surprised. Demi. Ariana Grande of course. Yes yes yes. Well there are in that many modern ones. But you see Zillindion is actually Canadian. She's not actually American. Technically speaking. So maybe she's not Indian. She's not the American continent. Maybe she's not in here, but I mean it more like who else would it be? Demi Lovatoi, we're in a grand day. What? Oh, Tori Kelly. Yes. Exactly. But if it's the Philippines, I can tell you, Joan Aline. Fourth impact. I was just wondering. Reging Velasquez. Mori said Amor. Catrina Velarde. It's a fucking Stephanie. El Aninfra. El Aninfra. Alani misalucha. Yeah, Jaya is a power. She just has that soul, baby. She's got. Yes, Tori Kelly. Thanks. Who else? Versus. Oh, okay, she's. Now, Jake. Mori said Amor. Yes. Yeah, I gave. That's what I'm saying. That's where he sold it. That's beautiful. That's insane. What are you talking about? That's incredible. Oh, that's just cake for me. Absolutely. Cake. I was going to say that was way too much. Just dying. Yeah, it's just dying. Again, I just think honestly, the Philippines has this like extra pieces when he comes to like belting is not it's not just let's hold a note and let's make it stable and elongated and this test your breathing capabilities. No, in the Philippines is like less does your breathing capabilities, but also let's see how freaking acrobatic can you make this one note? Well, it's the consequence of being in the Filipino music industry because it's filled with so many power vocalists. Beat it, no beat it. And so big belting songs. So people stand it for belts are a lot higher than in other places in the world. You know when I said in the Easy Mill Eminem realist review that we are living in the sort of the dark ages of live music. There are a few industries that have not sort of capsized to that. They haven't surrendered to that mentality. The Philippines is definitely one of them where life performing is not in this dark ages. Like new artists. A separate tie is a life music rather than a matter of fact. The Philippines, you probably go viral first with one of your life performances in the wish bus in their 90 degrees north. Yeah, the cozy cove. Cozy cove, you go viral for your ass up nothing towards you. You know what I mean for your ta-wagnan ta-hala. A real night, the grande. She looks beautiful. Standing, standing where. Oh, so so easy. I'm right Tories. I'm so freaking great. I adore that one. She's not even exerting that much energy into it. This is nothing for Jonah. She's literally sitting into that place. Oh, what the f***, Nick Jonas? Where is his cab roll? Yeah, that's crazy. Wow. I remember watching this for the first time and being completely an absolutely blown away by how incredibly easy that was for her. I think also you would presume that Demi's larynx must be one of the most damaged larynxes ever. Well, there is definite some damage there for sure. Just by a substance abuse, we already know this is the fact that Demi Lovato's voice still sounds. No, and still today, still for this day. Grace, don't do drugs, kid. Yes, yes. You won't be like Demi Lovato. You'll end up worse. Hey, you're special, bro. Stunning. Stunning. Stunning. Stunning. This environment is harder. I'm not trying to bum-leg more. It's just the wish-puss is a harder environment. I was going to emphasize that in the previous videos, because the differences between my like Taylor made studio setting and live music setting is completely different. The equalization changes, the dynamic between audience and singers is completely different. The emotions are higher. There's a lot to take into consideration in between the differences of environment in this particular video. So the fact that they either or of this video's work so well in live music actually show the incredible discipline and vocal capabilities from both artists, not just specifically to one side. But I would say, though, I would lean towards that the Filipino music industry tends to push you towards a more organic sound production. There's less post-production on the live sound. It's a lot more raw. Yes. It's a lot more what you give is what you get. This is a heavily controlled environment. It has post as well. It has post. Yes. Good. It's phenomenal. But you can even hear the compression of this video is very different. This is good. This is a good one. That's quite raw. Yes. Also very freaking great. So far so. And here is just the freaking vocal control. Wow. It's really impressive. Oh my god. We're getting in the mental range. Jesus Christ. Wow. Are we out of girls? Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Wow. Wow. Wow. Oh, it's going to get a bit back. Yeah, people forget that's actually her. Well, this is where it all comes from. That's where it all comes from. It's not even in the original song. As well, I've always wanted more. I said to try and do gospel. Oh, I've always said it. I thought to be a leader of a gospel choir. A big gospel situation. Oh, well, this is a heavily produced environment. How about the A5 is real. You know, the A5 is an A5 wherever you look at it. It's so exciting. That's close to a whistle register. Oh my god. I'm such a show worth watching. How did you even scale to that? That was just early, Ariana. That is. And what was it, Jonah? What the f***? How did you even get there? No, no, that's pretty f**king mental. Do you see what I mean by that? GMA and ABS with their whole like, as such, sort of styles of show, show cases. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're so crazy. Wow, it's just the arrangements of the songs are always song hinged. To be fair, Ariana is probably one of those only singers, I think, right now that has done power vocal stuff with these big belts, these big exertions of really high range in a very well done commercial manner. Yes. That I didn't think was possible anymore in this sort of era of the digital era, I guess, the streaming era. People always knew that she was a power vocalist, I feel like. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's how they launched that. Like, if you would have looked at her earlier performances and stuff, it was quite like, it caused a lot of resistance from some people's life, because they have that type of footage, which is like, bough, this chicken sing, but it's like, what the, how do you commercialize that? That's right. You know, but fair enough, I mean, one of the people that could probably do this quite well, if she does manage to sort of commercialize that well, what would be more reset? Oh, 100%. She did prove that in her sort of a debut EP, so.