 Hey guys, it's me Yoshin and this is my younger brother, Kohe. Hello! So we are going to react to... Jolly V commercial choice. Yes! Okay, Jolly V commercial. Yeah, a lot of you guys requested to... requested us to watch this. So let's just watch Jolly V. Mm-hmm. Okay. Is it only in Philippines? Jolly V? No, it's in America too. Oh, right. This is like the character for Jolly V. Okay, let's see. So that's a story. I think... You have to choice, I guess. The moment we met Paul... All of these years, he's always been there for me. Yeah. And there's Jolly V. Nice. Oh, she's got the job. Made like a cute. See J-Naman? I'm just going to say hi. J? No! No! Well, the new one is always attractive. Yeah. Always. Of course. Yeah, that's how it works in the life. Right. But stuck to the old one, I say. For now. For now? Yeah, maybe. I don't know. I don't know. There is no correct answer for your life. But prior to it, it made me happy. Thanks for the help. Sure. But stay calm. Anything for you, he's a bad guy. He's like so... Like, he might be a player. Or maybe he just loved me. You trust me, yeah. He's so cute. He's the old guy. Whistpool. Or he's the old guy? Yeah, I think so. Yeah, I think so. He called. Yeah, your favorite. Yeah. J wouldn't do this. Okay, J-Naman. Somehow, we'll start a series. It's so typical. Situation. Right? Yeah. This is J. Yeah. It's not all. Yes. Like, there's always a simpai. Like... Is attractive. Right? Because, like, he knows better than her. Like, everything. How to work and everything. and everything right so he looks attractive but in the deep heart she has to decide she has to like follow her deep heart so the choice yeah she has to choose oh oh my is destined for you oh and a man oh actually i'm looking at her oh and oh no oh no oh oh my it's the same phrase yeah until i met you ah no i knew he was going to say that and he just walks away so dramatic yeah look at her face she's like so confused yeah like what should i do yeah like i first used to say welcome for him like he's a new guy like he's a spirit now she's like oh my gosh like is this for real yeah she's so confused oh no yeah yeah i hear up oh it's hot it's time for me to make a choice it's time make a choice it's time it's the time right you okay oh okay for so long i want to thank you so that i can go out with my friends oh okay so i'm going to make an excuse for me oh i know he means a lot to you and i understand you mean oh he means so much to me but i don't want to go out with him i never did cross-finger it's good yeah yeah that's Paul yeah oh what she chose Jake he won't ever be the same without you and it's pain and it's no what he's gone oh my son is good dad was four years ago so he has passed away it's like four years ago you mean you're ready to love again what you're ready to love you gave me all the reasons that's what i'm going to love once i've learned to love again oh my god oh oh oh ready to love wait don't wait don't we'll go to the language never oh nice guy yeah wow wow i mean it's all different at the last part yeah it changes it turns 180 yeah 180 yeah first we were laughing hard but because it was so typical but this is like this is not typical but this is like so Paul was a nice guy i mean yeah it's Paul and her but it's all good now so it's okay yeah never lose hope to love yeah again deep message here always choose to love mm-hmm yeah i didn't know it was like this this side so thank you guys for watching please subscribe to our channel and also hit the like button and also please comment whatever you want to comment how it's gonna taste next time bye