 The top 10 languages spoken in the Philippines. I thought they only spoke Spanish. What? Spanish? No, I thought that was just a myth. We watched that video. Check it out. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah, so we know the Philippines is a big, big archipelago. A lot of islands, a lot of languages, and lots of people. Every video ever about the Philippines. The Philippines has made of over 7,000 islands. Yeah. They make sure we know. 7,000. It's the languages spoken throughout are so interesting, because I mean, even Filipino Tagalog, it's just like a combination of so many different words from so many different places. And that's mainly the only language we know in the Philippines. Obviously, there's some English, and people might speak some Spanish too, I suppose. But that's really like the only language we really hear about there. So it'd be interesting to see some more. What are they going to be? Is it just going to be Spanish, English, Tagalog, French, Italian, German? That's basically what a lot of people in the US learn. Yeah, pretty much. Ministrate. Yeah, yeah, yeah, true. And you have to learn how to speak Canadian too. Hey, how's it going? You betcha. Yeah, I'm going to hear. We speak like Canadians. Hey, do we sound like a Canadian? Hey, you want some Canadian bacon, eh? Some maple syrup. Oh, let's talk about. Let's talk about some Filipino, a boot, some Filipino languages, eh? Hey, you betcha. Hey, Duckies missing a head, eh? You chopped it off, eh? He chopped off his own head, eh? I'm sorry about that. Oh, no, that's not good, Duckie. You are a good boy. You don't have to chop off your head, eh? You chopped it off, though, eh? No, anyways. If you enjoyed the video, make sure to subscribe. Like the video, let us know what other Filipino videos we should check out next down in the comments below. And, uh, yeah, subscribe. Check out our new travel channel, too. Yes, we're living in different countries. We will be in the Philippines very soon. So go check out that channel, subscribe. That's where the vlogs will be. While you're there, check out some of the vlogs we have. We've been, we have some from Italy, Poland, Las Vegas, more coming soon from our country we live in currently, Georgia. Yeah. So go check it out. And until then, let's do this top 10 languages. Here we go. Spare men. Where's German? German? I didn't see German. I didn't see German either. We're counting down the top 10 languages. I think it's speaking U-Fake. What? I thought they speak Kazakh for sure. Like the music. I've not heard that. Pongas in Nancy. Pongas in Nancy? Pongas in Nancy is the language spoken in the province. So we just said it two different ways yet. In other nearby areas, there are about 2 million native Pongas in Nancy speakers. It is one of the major languages of the Philippines that is thought and studied formally in schools and universities. Shaksites. Shaksites. Shaksites. Manai makat gason city Philippines. Manai makat gason city Philippines. Disinue becla. Disinue becla. Nonton broklamat. Bye. The translations were not useful. I don't speak Tagalog here. At number 9, Chavagano. Chavagano. Chavagano is a Spanish-based, Creole language spoken in the Philippines. The highest version of Chavagano. I don't know how I did it now, man. But in the island province of Asilan, a significant number of Chavagano speakers are also found in Cabito City and they're not in the city. What is Dia? I've been studying in Chavagano for a long time. Cheers. I just did a simple and short course. I just wanted to learn. I've been studying in Chavagano for a long time. So, some of us studying in Guangarga, and some of us in Guangga City. So, there's a great school, high school, college, and then... Oh, I don't know. I just think... A lot more Spanish than that one. I'm cold. Number 8. Bicolana, or Bicolanguage, is spoken in Bicol region. There are about 2.5 million native vocal languages. That is very pointy. Because I'm like a real... I don't know if you've ever been to Guanggarga, or something like that. I don't know if you've ever been to Guanggarga, or something like that. I don't know if you've ever been to Guanggarga, or something like that. Guanggarumai, na Hana, Gurokerimiyan, alagat Guromayo, mankirara. Arwaldaun, agahana, lago, lago, lago, lago, Arwaldaun, agahasa, konusu, Arwaldaun malas. There's so many A's. Okay, she started running. Number 7. Kapangpan, or Pampanggainyo. Pampanggainyo is spoken by 2,900,000 Filipinos. This is mostly spoken in the northern part of the country, particularly Pangaprabans and portions of Batan and Tarlak. I've been to Lili bed, I've been to Guro, I've been to Camp Pilipinas. I've been to the places where I was born. I've been to the past year. Interesting. How similar are, because we can hear it, but if we don't know one of the languages that it would compare to near geography wise, it's hard to hear how similar they sound. How similar does it sound to a Filipino? Like the different languages. It's very interesting. I'm sure there's just a wide variety of specific words that it would be very different if they each said the same exact sentence. Yeah, that would be cool. Obviously this person just made the video and they had to find some clips. They should have found people who spoke every language. We need to try harder next time. Heron, Ph.L. It's so interesting that a lot of these aren't too far away from each other too, and there's just all the different languages. There's a lot of history, lots of different civilizations that were around that time. A lot of islands. 7,000, over 7,000 islands. I don't know if you were aware of that. What are you to say? Over 7,000. Number six, what I, what I is spoken in the Eastern Bicias, particularly summer, and some parts of lady and beliran problems. The language name comes from the word up to her by non-speakers, where I, meaning none, or nothing in where I. There are more than 3 million where I speak in the Philippines. I said I'm the story of us, so I'll go to you too. Hi everyone. So what's the meaning of the word? It's a lot, but it's good to have it. It's good to have it. So what's the meaning of the word? I'm going to read it in the club, since it's very... How do you know? I know, I know. I know what I know. I always love to speak in the same language. Number five, at number five, Iliqa in non, also known as Ilaunga, is spoken by 9.1 million people in the land, taking back all the copies, a little bit of the island, as well as north and south, caught the battle in Mindanao. This language is the thing for having a sweet international. I'm the first one to speak in the city of Kapis. I've been to two languages, and I've been to dialect. I've been to English, and I've been to English. I'm sure you're right, but if you're in the country, I'm the first one to speak in the city of Kapis. I'm the first one to speak in the city of Kapis. I'm the first one to speak in the city of Kapis. When they capitalized the word, huge, it didn't sound like you were in the middle. Yes! It's spoken in the northern part of the country. The language is also spoken in the United States, with Hawaii and California having the largest number of speakers. It is the third most spoken non-English language in Hawaii after Tagalog and Japanese with 15% of households speaking the language. There are about 10 million illogano speakers. It is the lingua franca of the northern region of the Philippines. When I was in Kabul, I was in white Korea. I was just a little bit surprised to see the engine. It's been very quickly. I'm just a little bit surprised because I haven't been able to get the car. I'm just a little bit surprised to see the engine. Video. I love the reason. Number three. I wonder where that's spoken. Si Buon or Si Buon. Colloquially known as Bissaya. Bissaya is spoken by 21 million Filipinos. It is a lingua franca of the central Bissaya, western parts of eastern Bissaya, parts of Palawan, and most parts of Mindanao. I'm just wondering what if I should go to the high school. Of course, I'm not a child, I'm only a child. And of course I have a lot of possibilities. What if I wanted to go to school or school at the same time, where I can play in the quarter and share the feeling of being in a country or a country of history. I was just a little bit surprised to see the feeling of being in a country of history. Interesting. Number two. English. Our Philippines English. English is one of the two official languages that I bet will be able to understand the best part of the curricula for Congress to secondary English and because of that many Filipinos write and speak fluent English even the least I can speak English Oh the whole island, please speak English I go only as far as Twitter, why am I never on Facebook? Because Ernest Hemingway said, if you talk about what you really want to write and you bring it out, that's a rough draft you will never write the form in one Twitter has 140 characters if I feel I gotta say it, I gotta say it but I don't wanna lose the energy to write the full piece I ran into it So what can we expect in the next couple of months? Are we still gonna... Wow, that was a great example of English What we heard And number one, Fagalo, our Filipino Filipino is the national language and one of the two official languages of the Philippines It is the language used in the media Local movies are almost always in Tagalog There are about 28 million native Tagalog speakers which is more than a quarter of the total population of the country Most non-tagalog Filipinos have some basic level of understanding of the language They teach Filipinos as Filipinos or after all of that In front of some of our Prophetsotionist We also add somethingвu!!! See, that same end of the sudden Yes, awareness. He was up so early We have the same letters as the others Very fancy. And that is the video, little interesting video right there. I get to hear a little bit of all the differences between the top 10 languages in the Philippines. English was the easiest one to understand. Yeah, it's definitely going to be a bit harder for us to see the differences in the languages, because it's like... Even if you like look at like Spanish, French, and like Italian, it's like, oh wow, those are all very similar. And it's hard to tell the difference even sometimes between those, and we even speak a decent amount of... Not decent amount. We know some Spanish words as all I'm going to say. Yeah, yeah. And then you throw in languages that are quite a bit different than any of those, and very foreign to Americans especially. They all start to like... kind of the sounds just kind of blend together. And you're like, okay, it sounds like it's from this region, but I don't know which one it is. Yeah, we heard some people at the airport in Amsterdam, not too long ago, speaking a language we presumed was from Southeast Asia. And because it sounded sort of similar to what we knew like Filipino, it could have been in Indonesia, and it sounded like that. And we're like... cool. But we could literally not tell you one bit what the language was. Yeah, it's pretty interesting. There's like little... there's little parts ones you get to know. A lot of the different languages like Korean and Chinese and Japanese. Like if somebody speaks it long enough, you'd be able to hear some of the endings of words, but if somebody just said a sentence, you might be like, I don't know what that is. Might eat a bit more, yeah. So it's pretty interesting. Language. Let's just all speak Filipino. Yeah, it's just invent a new... basically like a new Filipino where we take words from every single language in the entire world, combine it into ultimate language, and then... and use all the letters from every language in the world just to make it easy. That would be... doesn't like the Chinese alphabet, like the Mandarin alphabet have like an absurd amount. We need them all. We need every sound you can possibly make. Like if you want this. As a sound in the alphabet, there you go. So you've used some complicated conversations. Did you just understand what I said? Did you say, um, Ducky wants to be released? No, I said, Ducky wants to frack and die. Oh, I missed. He's dead. Well, he is dead either way. Well, yeah. Interesting video. Hopefully you guys enjoyed. Let us know other stuff down in the comments below what we should check out. And we'll see you in the bloody next one. Adios. Say Rip to Ducky everybody. Rip Ducky. Everyone salute right now. Oop. Ducky.