 [♪ lifelong music classical piano music playing carries out main note of some 83 기억 that has played to하면서 a sober of love kicking away. A typical 803 ad hoc render you everybody another day another episode okay so this room is just empty and clean I just have to put some bamboo on the American and vanish the whole thing we will vanish that as well because got so ignorant and then I'm about to hang this door here and again and probably give another coat next door we finish Bella's room so we put the American upside down and I think it's much better well that what do you think tell us this is Bella's room and this is our room I think it's much better but anyway so we clean it out here so again next step is put the bamboo on the on the walls there where the American is and vanish plastic vanish everything everything has been solid number ready so it's no problem and then last I will do the floor vanish the floor and I still have to hang the door here as well and it's a beautiful morning but probably it's gonna run again but now it's gorgeous okay let's get that door in position now time to cut some bamboo probably have to put this area here in the sun yeah the more I look at Bella's room the lounge and here I think we're gonna turn this around what do you think guys Jim and I would like to turn this around it's too much I think just like that it's nice and elegant and that's probably enough I know the bamboo is still missing across to hold it but bamboo will have a lot of color as well some as you see there it'll be nice what do you think we do add some extra timber for the top that was unexpected but I got heaps that downstairs anyway okay everybody gone for lunch okay everybody gone for lunch is looking good I think it's better this side that's it I run out of Macon I'm causing the sun so I need to move to the shed oh okay Good morning. Another day, another peso. Good morning. Beautiful. I wish we were already living here. Have your coffee. But not yet. So it's still our work to do, guys. So this morning I'm away here. Just bought another 10 or those. No diamond. Just plain. To be pulled around this wall, which is already prepared for that. So excellent. Just is very good to organize everything. Yesterday afternoon. Beautiful. Okay, two concrete fence posts are made. They're going to prepare for the other two. And that wall will be done. Next step will be... Probably build a stairs there. Let's see how we go. As far as I'm concerned, I will... Finish fixing this door. That's a veneer door. And I think I said already one of the previous videos. I do not recommend veneer door. Better spend more money by solid timber door. Here is so much heat and humidity that the veneers coming off easily. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to remove that. Because on that side it's a very skinny veneer. Here's okay. Here's plenty. So it's not problem. But on this side it's coming off. So I brought my hairdryer. Because what they use, they use a hot glue. To glue this, I guess. I wasn't the finisher industry before. I guess that's how they do. So I brought my hairdryer and I will try to remove that. And then I will be solid numb and then pint it. And then I will hang the door. So let's do that. In case you want to remove some veneers, or even reattach veneers as well. So what I'm going to do is I use a hairdryer, a maximum heat. And I use this baby to go onto the veneer. The veneer just came off by itself. Now I need to clean the glue, polish it a bit, solid numb and pint it. And hang that bloody door too. We learn every day. You guys prepare the formwork for the other two fast posts. One at each extremity. There's one coming up pretty good. As we yet have going to do the entrance, I'm not sure. I'm still thinking I'm going to put those five by five posts or I'm going to do a complete post for the gates. We'll see. Still getting some bamboo ready. The edges are nice and clean. I put solid numb, a little quarter walla go. So there is a should be dry now. So we'll bend those edges soon. At least the first cut. The mat is unstoppable already. Put one like that. Wow. I didn't realize I was painting my door. Just from here. Just wet it for the second cut. And working on the last two posts there. Working on the last two posts there. Fans post. Okay, it's got a good height. The road's going to be about two or three whole blocks below that. So that's fine. No water should come this way. Oh, very little. Okay, that's how we're going today. Almost a mechanically way. Tomorrow we'll concentrate on finishing the bed on first. We're going to the bamboo. Very windy today. Probably time to storm coming up again. Robert came to the house and this is all he broke me. A thigh noodle. Yeah, he's a lovely man. Now we at home eating. Sorry, no time to talk. It's beautiful, delicious. Bye bye. Good morning another day. It's terrible weather today. It's rainy, rainy, since all night this morning. Good to collect water, but it's about all. I understand some people have farms and things they've got no water whatsoever. That here it's like a heavy raining day. Okay, let's pump some freight inside the house. The bamboo is going to look much nicer. Let's go. There's not even any concrete work today. Smart. Smart. This morning this is rainy, horrible outside. I'm going to try to position bathroom stuff and able to open that door. It's pretty much some configuration I will apart my at the moment. But the only difference that this faucet is bigger than the one I have in the apartment. I didn't realize how big it is. But that's okay. It's still a room to open the door. So the faucet will definitely go there. Add the toilet there so the shower will be here. I think it's good. That's okay. There's no instructions. I think I got through the wall. Okay, obviously this is not going to fit because I got no cavity in the wall. So that system P-POP is going to go after the floor after it goes through the floor. That's the best thing I can do. So there will be a straight path going from the through the floor. And this will be mounted under the floor. That's the room. Okay, I got everything pretty much in position. It's tall going on here. So some of the... I should be able to work out the whole position now. Okay. Finalizing formwork for the last two fence posts. At least we've got a beautiful sunshine. The rain's gone away. I'm building this toilet flush system. I'm looking at my toilet. So I'm going to put the toilet ball on position here. This is actually the center line of the toilet. And also enough you're going to see there's a mark on the floor which is the footprint of the toilet where it should be. Now to find out where the hole is compared to that, I put this on top of a cardboard. Make an imprint, push it in, and then cut around the cardboard. So I'm using a nail. That's okay. Just cut around. But I'm not going to pin still in case. And then I will cut it around. The footprint of the toilet and the hole will be imprinted on the cardboard. So then I will transfer that to here. The best I can. And then I know where my hole is. I will just mark the hole. I'm not sure if you can see very well but there's a mark there. So maybe I can see very well on the camera. How long is it? Okay, done. So let's cut the contour around. Okay, then let's put in the toilet there. We can mark the hole of the toilet now. Okay, so I know if you can see well but I can. Yes. This way. I mean it's really not going to be fine. I think that's okay. That's not bad. So this is where I'm going to have my hole. For the toilet bowl. Let's mark it. I need to drop my phone. So the hole needs to be drilled. Alright, and then next to it there's also another circle here. That's for the water to come in. And then we'll probably have another one here for the bath. Close to the wall. But we'll do that after. And also there's two holes going to be hidden inside there. So it's okay. So really the only pipe we're going to see is probably the one here for the shower. That's all. Remember my walls are not hollow. We've got a full support beam right underneath. So you can drill through it. So what are we going to do with the vent pipe? We're going to try to from the underneath and then bring another pipe up here somewhere. Just the roof or something. So that's how we're going to do that. Anyway. Okay, after drill now. Once bamboo is on position, let's look at much better now. Looking good. I like it. Alright. I managed to get this chance so up and running. It's about sitting in the backyard under the ring. What's happened? For working the last post. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This one is finished. Okay. This one is done. Good. First hole out the drill room. The chance I just died south. So I'll try again tomorrow. Can't start it. Not too much humidity or whatever. Okay, I managed to drill my hole through. And we're so lucky. I had to move about 10mm to the left because this. See. But this one. Just, just alloyed. Maybe okay. My throwing a quarter inch pipe will fit. I'll just put a lot of patty and stuff around. Stick it out. We cut it off when we're ready. This is going to be cement anyway. Yeah, that's fucking good. But I got to fill the problem. I want to put the inlet for the flushing tank in here close behind. So we don't see it. But I can't. There's a beam just under. I think this hole will be done pretty rapidly. Yeah, this is going to look good. And something after plastic vanishes the wall. I'll go to the floor. Okay, guys, from over here. That's it for this video. Thank you for watching until the next video. Take care. God bless all. Bye.