 What are you dressed up as? Yeah! Hey guys! Welcome to another video. We are kind of back at the Manila Bay Area and I actually wanted to explore the Entertainment City. Turns out it's a pretty up-and-coming area. We've seen a lot of construction going on. And yeah, we thought we were going to start with the casino here, which is a layer. Yeah. But it should be an even getting. It looks quite high class. The upper class and which is dressed like... What are we wearing? Yeah! The flip-flops, shorts, these shorts. And so far we didn't see anyone walking in there, like just normally. Like we were like coming from the pathway so we have to see if this is actually possible. Didn't go too well for us. It's a really fancy area. We can look in and you see the casino. It's a really, really cool area. Look really fancy and cool. But you can't wear flip-flops. So you have to be like normal shoes or be a hotel guest there to be able to get in. Hi guys! So that was the Recreation Experience. So you're going to... We're going to... at least you didn't lose any money. We're going to go explore something else at least then. As you can see, there's a lot of construction going on here. So this place is definitely under development and not quite ready yet. I can picture like maybe in a few years. All the buildings have been constructed. It seems like quite a rich area though. It does. It's like if you have a little bit of money to spend, that's when you go here. What a fancy area. Definitely really modern kind of. Definitely not meant for walking. It is quite far between stuff here. We're in the only one for walking. Relation of the only ones. There's a car that I see as... Here's a car that has apparently the fountain place. So we're almost made it to Okada. This building here. We're not quite sure yet what's actually inside. But it just looks like a ship, doesn't it? It really, really looks like a cruise ship. Really cool. Like, as if there are like the cabins inside with the windows. We actually think that it might make a scene though. It's very casino, isn't it? I think so. Everything's a casino here. Look at those prices. Not bad. Not bad. It's tempting to win that, isn't it? If you do, you can live pretty well for a while. Where's Julia? There she is. Come here. So if you don't feel like walking here, which probably shouldn't, you can of course, either take a taxi, but you can also take a bus from the Mall of Asia. And it looks like this. It's so purple. There's a car down it. Plenty of people here coming now, directly from there. So we're going to try to mingle with them and see if we can actually get in. What did you find? Some golden chairs? Yeah, I've been in the apartment now. You feel like a princess for a day? Probably for a few minutes. Yeah. I really can't be though. No kind of attire required. So everyone can see the fountain. Even if you're a little like, slob like us, you can even see the fountain, at least. I know. Wow, the fountain looks pretty. It looks pretty cool. It's actually like a small city in here. Like an own city with like lights everywhere and we have like a glass roof top. It looks like some fancy toilet over there. This is a good toilet ever, yeah. I feel like if we go in here, you feel like a high class. More really poor because of the low gear. Yeah, I can't be with everybody. It's open for interpretation. I feel like a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little We didn't know this, but we arrived pretty much like two minutes before the show ended and then they said that the next show will be in one hour. Actually I think it's every four hours, because now it's 10 plus 7 so it's every four hours. Oh yeah, okay. So every show is definitely worth the... Those five minutes were really cool. Yeah, they were really, really cool. They were really cool. They were really cool. So definitely check that out and it's free so it's actually really cool. Selfie time! Well, look at all this cool stuff. Everyone loves it! Hello! What are you dressed up as? This is a 7th century Venetian costume. Oh, that's cool. It's really cool. Some were on it last from Marano and then Venice. At last made of just honey. Oh really? Oh yeah, like glass glowy? No, mesh in. Wow, this is impressive. Look at these scopes shows here. Pant made or mouth made. Whatever you want to call them. I think those things might be quite scary. This is the tall guy. Oh, what? Yeah. I was like, how do I think those people can scare them? How do they scare them? They're blushing. And now we're going to try to get a casino. Let's see how they go. We made it into the casino. Oh, okay. We need the bag. No bag? So we were actually not allowed to bring our bags in. And neither to film in there. Yeah, they just stopped us before we could actually film anything. But they have tons of like stock machines, blackjack, roulette, whatever. There's a minimum of 200 pairs. So we prepared to have a little bit of cash with you when you come. It's definitely a place that you can have fun with if you have a little bit of money to spare. I lost you in the jewelry section. It's not good. Oh, no. In the cake section, of course. I think we'll do this. It's the most fancy little cake ever. Look at this, this cake. I found more cakes. Look at this. Is this a cake? The big one? Wow. I think even the person is a cake, to be honest. Look at this. Don't touch it. Oh, how cool is this? Super cake. How does it think that the first cake is one of the most impressive things? It's like so many details. Must be crazy. What? Chucky shoes. See if Chucky shoes. Oh, wow. I'm hungry. If you're wondering about prices of this, for example, one of these golden things is 100 pesos. What's that badge? So we just jumped over on one of the shuttle buses, expected a modulation now. We're going to go to get some food there before we head home, but this is a fancy shuttle bus. Look at this. We all have our own screens. Look at this. We have a little movie here. We're going to see a little movie. So you don't get bored on the 20 minutes right now. 10 minutes right? 10 minutes right? You can choose other ones. Wow. Everything. Oh my god. You're like catching fire. You can have some games, internet, pictures, e-books. Okay guys, we're going to read a little. Oh. This is fancy. Everyone is playing on the bus. The bus is technically in the entertainment city itself. He said he'd be in the bus with the surprise. It's a happy guy. I want to see you die. Oh. So we made it to the motivation. The bus was actually free, so that was a good thing. That was a good bus. We got a pizza hut. I'm so looking forward. Apparently this pizza is a German for 2 to 3 people. Look at them here. That's more like it's meant for half a Julia. We have to say that we don't have pizza now. I think for a month at least. So I'm so excited for the pizza. It's going to be good anyway. If you like the video, give us a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel to get more travel videos. And yeah, the journey continues in the next one. Music