 The Philippines. How? How can they manage? 7,641 islands? I don't know! I just crumbled. If I had to manage that many, I could manage... Maybe like... TOO. TOO, you think you can manage too? I don't know. If I could... If they're like... Besides of like a pizza. Okay, you're managing too. Typhoon comes, destroys your island. What do you do? I don't think I have much to manage anymore, so I think I'm gonna get into some IT work probably. Meaning? Oh, I'm just getting a new job. I don't have anything to manage. Oh, you're leaving your island? Yeah, rebuild. You gotta build an big hotel. He would go become an IT worker. He was gonna go work and be like, hello, may I pick your iPhone? Yeah. I guess I'm not fit for the job. But the Philippines, they see me be fit for the job. Yeah, they can do it. Maybe, I guess we don't know. We'll see in the video. Maybe the video's like, yeah, they can't. The islands are all destroyed. Yeah, they... I have a really rough time. Yeah. Let's take this out. Hopefully you enjoy it. If you do subscribe, like the video, we got a ton of Philippines content on the channel. We got some more taste tests coming soon. We may be going to the Philippines pretty soon here. So those videos will be on our travel channel. They'll check that out. Some stuff on there right now. And more videos to come. Yes, being excited. So much content. Let's do this. That's the Philippines. Here we go. The Philippines is the complex archipelago nation in the northeast of Southeast Asia. Made up over 7,000 islands across an area that's probably larger than you think it is. This area is well known for having plenty of Spanish influences. But what were these islands like before the Spanish came? Furthermore, why was, and is, the archipelago so important? And how does the modern country integrate all 7,641 of its islands? How good they are. First, let's understand Philippine geography for context. The modern Philippines can be easily divided into three island groups. Luson, the Vesias, and Mindeno. Luson as a region, those islands around 6.5, they just don't get a group. While the island of Luson by itself has a population of 53 million. And loon making a more than half the country's population. Luson is also home to what's known as Metro Manila, a mega city of 13 million made up of a collection of different smaller cities, including the capital Manila and the largest individual city, Cazón City. What do they have just seen place to put a city? Between two bodies, a lot of it. Yeah, literally just, it comes in squeezes super densely through there and then spreads back out. Global warming. They will turn into one giant bay. So let's stop global war. The city of Manila is the densest city in the world, with more than 43,000 people per square kilometer. That's like 0.04 people per square meter. For context, Macal, the most densely populated territory in the world, holds around 21,000 per square kilometer. In fact, the second, third, and sixth densest cities in the world are also located within Metro Manila. Luson as a whole is highly urbanized with some of the country's biggest and most important deep water ports. And accounts for nearly two thirds of the country's GDP. As a region, Luson is also associated with the islands of Minderro and Palawan together the Mimiropa region to the southwest, as well as the Bicol region to the southeast. Seconds are the Bsias. Comprise primarily of Bajol, Sableu, Leyte. Seconds are the Bsias. Comprise primarily of Bajol, Sableu, Leyte. Seconds are the Bsias. Comprise primarily of Bajol, Sableu, Leyte, Magos, Panay and Samar. Though Palawan can also sometimes be included in this list. The peoples of these islands speak several different yet closely related to Bsian or Bsian dialects. And they're also where Ferdinand Magellan first landed and was later killed. Lastly, Minderno is the southernmost cluster of islands and its western portion remains predominantly Muslim to this day. Minderno itself is the second largest island after Luson and is home to 26 million people, many of whom live in the largest city, Davao. Minderno however is also one of the poorer areas of the country, making up only 17% of the national economy, largely supported by agriculture, fishing and forestry. But before we can learn more about what this country is like and what challenges it has to deal with nowadays, first we have to, no no no, this is not an ad break, this video is insponsored. Okay, what I was going to say was, we must first ask, before we get back into this reaction, we, no no no, sorry, just praying to, get praying to nice thing to throw in there. What was a like in the past? More specifically, what was a like before the Spanish arrived? These islands and these regions are essentially only one country because of, Oh my gosh, I just cracked the code. Before the Spanish came, it was all one big island and the Spanish dug a bunch of holes. Well yeah, how old is it? How old is it really gonna circumnavigate the glow if they couldn't dig holes through the water? They came to the island and it was one big island and they're like, what the heck, how do we get around this thing? They connected all the way up to Japan too, by the way. You didn't know that. Get the shovels boys, let's go. And then they got messed up because there's randomly chocolate hills and cliffs and we got, go around, oh wait, go back this way and then it turned into that. Yeah, it's beautiful. Those frack and spaniards. Dang, they, they destroyed the island. Well, Spanish colonialism. Before the Spanish first arrived however, the map was a lot more fractured. The first credible written record in the Philippines written in a mixture of whole Japanese, Old Malay and Sanskrit dates back to around 8,900. However, the Philippine cultures also developed the round writing system from the 14th through 16th centuries. In Abogida, known as by Bayern, I very briefly mentioned it in my video on white India and also Southeast Asia have so many writing systems but by the end is part of the Brahmic family of writing systems. A descendant of Kali which itself descended from Brahmi which might or may not, it's still very disputed, descendant of Brahmi. It's self showing a common ancestor with scripts including Latin, Cyrilic and Arabic. And these two. And these two. Wow. The islands were home to a whole host of different polities. While certain areas were often controlled by outside powers like the Brunei Sultanate, it was also home to small polities like Ma'i and Tondo. These states often adopted a form of government known as Burangai. As small polities, anywhere in size from small communities to city states. Rulers took one of many different titles depending on the region. From sultans and islamized areas to rojas where there have been extensive contact with Malaysia and Indonesia to lacans among the Tagalogs. Interestingly, but Angais are still a thing in the modern Philippines as well. Though these centuries, they form the smallest administrative divisions in the country. Just below mean the sub-polities. Themselves just below that, wait, hang on. All right, I want you all to get this right now. Does the Philippines have states or provinces? Vote now on your provinces. Provinces. Provinces, the answers provinces. Oh, is that stop? As it to show just how diverse they have always been, the Philippines can be divided into 134 Esnolinguistic groups with 135 languages native to the country, the 135th being the national language, Filipino, an official variety of the Tagalog language, co-official and government alongside English. I guess it's a little like how Indonesia's national language, also to the United groups speaking hundreds of native languages across the diverse archipelago nation is a Malay-based dialect called Indonesian. With English being an official language alongside Filipino and thus being a mandatory subject in school, while Spanish has no longer been required for decades now, the Philippines technically has the fourth largest language in the world. The Philippines is a very large language and is a very large language. The Philippines is a very large language and is a very large language. The Philippines is a very large language and is a very large language. The Philippines technically has the fourth largest population of English speakers in the world, with over 30,000 native speakers and around 90 million speakers in total. The Philippines is one of the very few countries in Asia to have Christianity as its major religion. I probably don't need to tell you this, because colonialism. Before they were taken over by the Spanish though, the Philippines were largely Islamic and Hindu before that and early folk beliefs before that and part of PNG before that. Back in the 14th century, and exploring the Maqjum area left its province of Malakia, bringing Islam to the Philippines. He converted the Hindu king Raja Baginda of the Sultanative Sulu to Islam, no Star Trek fans that is not a coincidence, and then marrying his daughter, just for good measure. Islam became increasingly popular after this conversion, following an inflow of Muslim traders from the Middle East, Malaysia, and India. Today, the oldest mosque in the country is named after him, but just 140 years later, another influential guy would show up in the Philippines. His name was Ferdinand Magellan. Ferdinand when it comes to colonialism, the Philippines is sort of like a reverse Thailand. When Magellan came to the island in 1521, he claimed the archipelago for the Spanish crown, naming it after his friend Phil. Then he was shopped by an arrow and figurly killed on the island in Makhtan. Three further expeditions were sent, all lending a disaster. With Miguel Lopez de Legaspi, establishing the first Spanish settlement on the islands in Sabu in 1565, and Manila six years later. Alongside the soldiers, however, also came missionaries, with the aim of converting the local population to Roman Catholicism. A mission which nowadays seems to have been about 82.9 to 85% successful, with of course the notable exception of the Muslim Sultanates of Mindanao and Sulu. Then to very briefly summarize things, there were a series of revolts throughout the 19th century, which were all brutally suppressed until the rebels started to gain the upper hand. At which point the US, also fighting a war with Spain, basically said, hey guys, y'all want some help fighting the Spanish in exchange for another 50 years of foreign rule? Traveling between the islands, both historically and in modern times, is primarily done by, well, you're looking at them. The topic cuts so quickly, I thought anyone's going to continue that thought of... I thought it literally lagged, but no, what the heck? Yeah, I thought it was going to like go out saying like, oh yeah. It was just like, no, they took him over. That's it. Matt, how do you think of between the islands? The Rosinante? Aside from many chiefs of Sabre Pacific flights, there also exist a series of privately and publicly run ferries. Many of these ferries might also serve the Philippine-Nautical Highway System, also called the Road Roll-On Roll-Off Terminal, or Roro System. A series of three different integrated highway and ferry routes, forming the backbone of the national transport system. Navigating within islands can also be difficult, though, as these tropical volcanic islands are incredibly mountainous and extremely forested. Now, you remember how I talked about how dense metro Manila can be? Turns out that also applies to cars, as Manila is infamous for its traffic. Who to sell at the densest city in the world wouldn't be a good place for the least density-friendly former urban transport imaginable? I wouldn't even know. It's pretty insane. Just driving in any big city seems like it would just be a mess. There's decent amount of traffic in almost every big city, and then parking if you ever want to find a spot at the top of the park is just a complete mess. Then you throw in the fact that you get a decently densely populated city, and then it's like, oh, it's even harder, and then you get the most densely populated city, and then it's like, oh, oh. This is not going to be fun. I bet it might as well happen a Jeep meme, and then it's sitting traffic in the Jeep meme. And I just be like, sitting in the back like, hey, yeah, I'm in a Jeep meme. You just record yourself. What up, guys? It's Jeep Me Here. We might be doing that soon. If we do end up in a Jeep meme recording ourselves, we will say that exact line. Yes, we will. Hey guys, what up, Jeep Me Here. We're in India. We haven't written a rickshaw yet, so we'll just never go in a Jeep meme. Why? Tom Tom Traffic Index, as of 2018, just so we don't have to account for COVID lockdowns. The second most congested city in the world. Second? Scoring 71%. Let me know your name. If you're not first, your last Philippines. Get out of here, dude. Come on. Come on, let me know. On the way to Point-B-Heat, he took on average 71% longer than a what-of without congestion. I hate you. It also doesn't help how little the city's public transport truly serves the demand overseas, with long waits for the MRT or LRT not unheard of. Thus, it is clear that Manila needs help with its mass transit was. Not you, Elon. In addition, however, with them literally lying on the Rone Tectonic plate, the Philippines is often subject to intense earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. I swear, I'm not the only one noticing parallels between the Philippines and Indonesia, am I? The 1991 eruption of Mount Pina Tupu in particular required more than 20,000 be evacuated. Combine this with the increasingly frequent and violent typhoons due to man-made climate change, and the struggle of keeping up all functioning and for structure becomes more and more apparent. Even with all these geographical challenges to contend with though, the Philippines is still one of the most important countries in the Asia-Pacific region, even if they're routinely forgotten about through what I like to call the New Zealand Effect. New Zealand! New Zealand! Part New Zealand. They always just get forgotten about. Yeah. Just those like, Oi! Wanna be Australians down here, bro? I'm a Kiwi. Oi! I thought I'd never a little bird. I don't know. It's like a softer Australian, but then when I go softer, I just go higher pitched for a summer eating. Oi! Let's go through Shroom of the Bobby! Does the boy just take it by being lonely? That's not easy. Dealing my body with it! Oh, I'm down! Anyways, yeah, that's what it means. They, that seems like, the, for the most part, they, they manage. There's obviously the challenges that you mentioned pretty briefly at the end, but... There's traffic. There's traffic. There's natural occurrences, somewhat accelerated by climate change. Not going to the Philippines anymore after we were in Dubai. They're the Metro sucked, because the cars there was so much traffic. Not going anymore. Oh, yeah. I don't like traffic. Driving in it was not fun. And then people like are like, oh, I'll avoid the traffic and get on the, the Metro and then there's a really people. I don't know why off like, tensing up here. This is like a demonstration of how we're like, and then the train stops. And then it goes. And then that's the Metro! Hopefully you guys enjoyed another Philippines reaction video. If you did, subscribe. Like the video. We'll be back with some more soon. And some more taste test. Jolaby breakfast. Jolaby Dubai menu. And more snack taste test. Oh, that's right. That's a lot of taste test. Turkey's there. See you in the next one. Bye!