 Hi, my name is Bridgett. Welcome back to my channel. Welcome to my channel. I have a long day off for the very first time. Okay, but today we will be reacting to Fjordner React. Looks like a vlog to me though. Okay, whatever that is. React to ADNU that's at the new day. I'm sorry if I'm pronouncing it wrong. I'm really sorry. I'm Manila University, Filipino University Tour. I do think it's more like a vlog. I have no idea why I didn't react because I'm a foreigner reacting to it. But I don't know. We'll see. It is by Flying Kale. Yep. It's by Flying Kale. So we'll see. We'll see what it holds. Yeah, definitely. But before that, I hope you have subscribed to my channel and you're going to be notification better, which is right next to it. So don't miss out on me for the updates. You can also follow me on my Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, all the links between the description box. So you have a shout out. Yes, you have a shout out very easy. You have to do my Patreon and the link again is in the description box. Also not just getting a shout out. You'll unleash a lot of different benefits. But for that, you have to click the link and tell the author yourself if you want to choose or not. Okay, shout out to our latest and second, Patreon. Thank you. Thank you so much. John getting these. I'm sorry if I'm not getting brown, but thank you so much for becoming our latest Patreon. I'm going to wander for our old Patreon. Thank you so much. Also, I don't know if I'm going to pronounce this person's name right. I recently received this amazing beautiful soft tea. I got two of them. This is blue and this is another one which is, I think it's a bit of shining color. Shiny is above my favorite cake hook group. And their color is more like a green. It is very similar to that color. I absolutely adore that color and I always look for shining colors. Thank you so much. It's really soft, really casual. I can wear it anywhere and two other beanies. I have like definitely posted a picture everywhere. So thank you so much. Thank you so much for sending me these. I am very, very grateful for your thoughtful gift. And yeah, I mean, let's move forward. Let's get it. Oh, foreigner tours or reacts. We don't know. To ADMU, Filipino tour. Basically, he's going to be touring a Filipino university. This is really popular university. We're just going to find out. That's fine. Okay. Can we stop? Yeah. Our laptop is getting super old and I really need to go and get one new. I've been saying this is a long time. I know, but I want to be sure from buying a laptop, it's going to be really useful to me. I want to go to a tour in between which one should I buy? So it's going to be a little bit more time, but I'm going to do my best. Play. Okay. What is up, ladies and gentlemen? Flying cow here. Flying cow. We are at Ateneo Dumanela University. Ateneo was established in 1859, which means, guys, that this year it will have its 160th birthday. So happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. We are starting at a very, very special place here at Ateneo College Lane, which is like the central part of the university and it has very, very good vibes. There are a lot of people chilling and having a good time. And behind me is the Resol, which was named actor Jose Resol. Resol. He's studied here and graduated at age 16. That's amazing. Genius. I have to say it is so well maintained. I have to say it as well. Beautiful. So beautiful. So beautiful. Lane and just really modern buildings. Yes. Very, very nice building. Wow. I really wish by no say that you look really, really cool. Even the flight is very strange. Things here on campus. Even the flight is very nice today but it looks happy. Oh. It's just a bunch of like sugar hanging bamboo. It's a strong. Oh, okay. If anybody knows what that is, I really like sugar games. I'm seeing it everywhere right now. I really like sugar games. I'm seeing it everywhere right now. I really want sugar and juice right now. But okay. We're gonna hold it. Okay. It's cool. Stuff that they got here. I'm not sure who's coming up with this stuff, but whoever it is, he or she is a genius. Because this is like some sophisticated stuff right here. We have a cool looking bench. It's being held up by two little wire animals whose heads are full of empty cans. Is it a gray cycle or something? This university is just full of really cool statues. It's so beautiful. Just look at the background. Again. It looks like a desktop. And all types of other stuff. A henna book. You can get a tattoo here if you want. Oh. Oh, you know both. Okay. Well, it came from India, sir. We usually do that in law festivals. So I love that. But I don't know how to be. I don't have that good. Is there a canteen? That big? The vibes are good here, people. You can clearly see that all the students here are just having a really great time. The campus just is really beautiful, guys. We did not even have a canteen in my university. I have an upset. Oh, okay. So what was that? Let's go. Please. I'm hungry. It looks like YC in the movies. Generally. It's so upsetting. It's not fair. Oh. The vibes are good here, people. People are filling up those tombs. You need to, for your brain to work, you really do. What? What do you, the university looks really big. Like, traditional Filipino food court. And I really love those. Because there's so much select. Please tell me that not everyone had this. I want to go to the next again. But not studying. Again. Please. I'm done with that. Everything. But I'm vegetarian, but everything. What should I take with the banset? You're right. You're right. Okay. I got some banset. Some rice. Banset. You pick. Okay, add. Three, two, one. Oh, yeah. You pay for it, right? But that's fine. Even if you had to pay for it. Like, we had, like, this small, I won't call it a canteen. I don't know what you call it. No way. I won't call it a cafeteria. I will call it a canteen. Like, a real small canteen. Observing. Like, I never had a proper one. Not even in my college. Not even in my university. School, forget it. I was born. Always born the wrong country. I knew it. What can I do? What can I do? Play. The university in the school canteen, you eat a bentik Filipino. You've got to love it. At least you had some food. You have like, packets. It looks good. And, sharp. Right? See? I don't even have, I don't drink. Oh. That's really good. Okay, I'll be happy seeing you in Mocha 5. Support? Anybody can go and eat? Okay, so good. That is nice. That's nice. I think it's rush hour here right now. Everybody seems to be having a good time conversing with friends. Between classes. Lunchtime. Always one of the best times. I agree. You can just forget about all that homework you're exams. And just keep... Yes. Every... You're done eating. You take your stuff and you throw it away like a civilized person. Yes. Just like that. Okay. And I meet Arge over here. I just had a nice little chat with him. I was just asking him a few things about the university. And he just agreed to help me and tour me around a little bit. Oh nice. Thank you, man. That's really awesome, guys. I'm really excited. I'm here about Ateneo University by a true blooded Ateneo. That's where you hold the... Oh, okay. Ateneo. Okay, so let's do it. Ateneo. I'm going to now record me. With the truth of this. And this is the savior hall. Savior hall. Yeah. Savior. Savior. Oh, I'm so excited. The university president stays here, guys. We are making our way to the University Church. Which is looking really, really cool. It looks super modern. This is probably the most modern church I have ever seen. Okay. This is the show. It's super cool. Check this out. So good. Wow, guys. That is such a cool church. It looks very, very futuristic. Never seen anything like it. Wow. I know. I'm right here at Ateneo. Who's studied here? So the school... Anyone of you who has studied here? The university are blue and white. Wow. You're lucky. We are going to take the bridgeway to an destination. So beautiful. Making our way up the stairs, guys, to the skyway. We are on the bridgeway. It's like a giant bridge going through campus. And it's so beautiful. It's so green. It's so clean. It's so clean. I'm a stole to tree right now, people. And it feels good. The bridgeway just goes... If only my university was blue, but like this. I would have gone every day. I usually go in the morning and come back in the afternoon. I could not go in the other classes. It was really nice building. It was really hot. In the afternoon, it got really hot. So I would just come back home. I was really close, man. They have all these layers to it. Wow. It's so beautiful. Oh, business school. You have some nice graphic build. Just add so much to it. You know, that green color. I myself have studied at university as well. For those that do not yet know. I have studied at the Arasmus University in Rotterdam. Peeking University in Beijing. And the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. Okay. It doesn't really remind me of any of those universities. But it does kind of remind me of those really nice, liberal arts colleges that they have in America. It's a lot of green. There are really nice buildings. Well maintained, the vibes on campus with all the people chilling and talking. It's just chilling and having fun. And then studying at the same time. It lifts up a pressure. Wow. The people. The people. The people. The people. The people. The people. The people. The people. The people. The people. The people. When they see something that I am going to see now, and they will pass all those exams. It's just so beautiful here on the bridgeway. The flowers and the trees and the rest of the world. The flowers and the trees. Mine was super green too, but not just well maintained. That's not what I mean. It was so gorgeous. It was all the best. It was so gorgeous. Still. Why did I study so hard to get there and get nothing out of it? And now walking on the second floor of some building. Just jealous. There's the trees right there and there's a beautiful breeze right here right here Bridgeway time is over it was a lot of fun, but we're back on the ground and Taking me to the next destination where we're going All the little terraces Wow Yes Though I won't study because I'm done with studying enough Master's in The military Another really cool building I don't know who's coming from these buildings here at Ateneo but every single one of them is a modern design But just very original yes And again green and well maintained nice statues and the flowers and the trees So right now trees are not that difficult, but then maintaining them is also A task which not a lot of people understand Wow Okay, swimming pool Does any of us You know cities even has swimming pool Where I live I'm talking about It is hot today. I love water I'm gonna keep going on and we're gonna keep exploring this campus Okay, the university campus here is extremely nice It's one of the more beautiful campuses I've seen it just feels like it's the best I've seen till now I'm in the middle or Kazan anymore. I've just entered this portal. I've entered a world of peace and peace And cute little birds chirping my stress levels Are just like the climbing Oh the Loyola School of theology guys that's where we're going and check you mean loila Really classic sign right here. I don't know maybe Loyola that is such a gorgeous looking sign It just makes me want to go into the direction it's pointing in You can hear the breeze just rustling Of every single tree here and it's just like I can't really Loyola how to study Theology and relaxing walk we have arrived at the Loyola School of theology and what a gorgeous building again. I know Of course, it's all over the place here. I don't know how they do it here. I know I read online that four presidents of the Philippines have graduated from this university. It's the way what of course Of course that's how it looks like this. Okay, now I still love a less bad You have this incredible view right here guys look at this Arjun's told me that the view here is of Marikina city and then the mountains all the way in the background is Resolve which is a beautiful nature area. Okay, right in front of the view you have a beautiful little paradise Oh, again What is this University of paradise Are you just told me stop here you know he's taking me to the new result library because the result library that I showed you guys at the start of the video is actually the old Library and no like the main library Okay, I'm excited about seeing what the new result library looks like we are at E jeepney stop because at the nail university has its own Transportation, but it's called in e jeepney apparently it's a more modern version of the classic jeepney that we all know and love There it is guys, wow, modern jeepney loving it. It looks so cool. Thank you RJ nice and comfy Even if we ever had this kind of stuff or would never be allowed to travel in there would just be the teachers Trouble we won't get anything. I'm pretty sure it's very Where I left it's very I can say you know, that's how it works for us You have it. I'm not using it just so you just see I love that hairstyle again rock that and go to university. I kind of wear like I Rep jeans I was called of my by my Reptile have a serious rivalry going on and whenever there are sports games between these Things get really really even guys And fun To save Again so beautiful I sorry remember just saying that the naturally head of the department. I don't have any more jeans by myself I'm rebel I always thought There is the new resolve library in a very nice and modern building Oh The main library here on Athaneo to Manila University We'll have a really nice building you can see all the students sitting outside either just being done with study or studying in the beautiful warm Manila weather this library is big clearly built for a lot of really smart Yeah All right people and just like that we are back At where we started today's epic We secretly judging him With extra friend that we picked up along the way not really just kidding so much RJ for this really nice door Could have not done it without him guys could have not done it without him and if you want to keep up to date with flying Oh, yeah, do not forget to follow me on instagram and if you enjoyed this episode don't forget to smash that like button subscribe hit the bell and Then I shall see you in the next episode take it easy peace out Okay Like I swear I am so In the years right now with all that this is just no Subsetting like And I said I love things that different of course a lot of things are different But of course you never have a type of university school or anything like they show in the movies But this was in the closest that I've ever seen Of course like when I went to without even have proper toilet That's funny and it's true It's true we used to really had to go I am from genetics department So we used like I am from human genetic master. So I am my department was all gee Yes, and then I had to go to stale sex department just to pee that is insane and there's sometimes like we are in examination and we still have to go all the long way to pee Why I mean the thing that we had to go to and like we were like It's a usually university not everyone can get it and especially the place that I wasn't only top 10 can get it And I was personally in and I went to that place. Why? In after a complete it's been like two years saying I'm leader master But I'm saying like seeing this I just want to go back again and enjoy their life and nicely peace Not like this which I did we hardly had anything to eat like that We can go out to eat like outside the university with a lot of food stalls over there, but not in the university But it's okay. It's over whatever that is. It was really fun to watch this if any of you have ever graduated or been or are in the university Let me know experience or any other universities which are similar to this and Maybe feel back. Yeah, like I'm only one will never Saw it. So let me know in the comments section on see you guys next time. Bye very. Slaview Ha