 Hello! Hi! Eight days? Wait, is that an eight? Yeah, ten really see the old. Oh, it was a circle. To my perspective, it was good. Eight days in the... Infinity! I'm in infinity! I'm in infinity! It was from one of our reactions, the lie. I don't know what it was probably. Me neither, but it was in something. So, it was really good, obviously. Everything we do is good. Everything we're just the funniest people live. We're gonna be checking out eight days in the Philippines. But we're gonna want to be guilty of the Philippines. That's the Philippines for SB19 viewers. Oh, Philippines! They don't get their own island. They'll be called Philippines. And then everyone goes there and just hangs out with SB19. Yeah. And then still can teach us all how to dance. Who would be the... Would they all, like, co-rule? Or would there be, like, one ruler ruler? They would all rule. So then we'd obviously just be like the two reaction princesses. Princesses, princesses. But yeah, when we go to Philippines, we're gonna definitely be there longer than eight days. Because the flight there is probably gonna take us eight friggin' days. Because it's very far away. But yeah, we have eight days in the Philippines. Let's check this out. One of our highly requested things that you guys wanted to see. Let us know in the comments what else you want to see. I'm sure there's just tons of Filipino stuff that you guys want to check out. Food, stuff like that. Because we need to know what we need to eat in the Philippines. Anyways, let's get into this. Here we go. Look at that water, my god. So I'm traveling today to this country called... The Philippines. Never heard of it. I've only heard Philippines. Yeah, say it. We need more fun in the Philippines. The taxi to the airport fun. Going to play in the fun. We're leaving the plane. Is eating more fun. Plines are never fun. It's finally fun. Welcome to the Philippines. Welcome to the Philippines. Check out the Philippines. Welcome to the Philippines. Buying McDonald's. Welcome to the Philippines. What the heck? Now would we go to the Philippines? We're just gonna expect everybody on the street to be like, welcome. We're gonna be like, film, and be like, do the thing. And it'd be like, what? Do it! A win. Welcome to the Philippines. A corporate job. Still fun. Welcome to the Philippines. Yeah! Projects are also more fun in the Philippines. If you're not in the car. It's so fun in the Philippines. How's it rude? What they do is... Random people. Smile. They miss you. They miss you. They miss you. You're the beauty guard. Smile. That's what we do. Zero dollars. I want to see if I can have food, water, shelter. For the whole day, for $0.00 here in Manila. I gave up my valuables, my drone, and my entire wallet. And checked out at the hotel to hit the streets. It's a bad idea. I cannot take buses or taxes. I cannot eat out. But what I can do is rely on people's generosity. For water, I say I'm thirsty. Thank you. Thank you. I'm also very thirsty. I'm also very thirsty. The people is very thirsty. What's better to eat? For food, I say I lost my wallet and leave. You went after me. Yes. Why? I'm just sharing my goods. Oh, that's so nice. Unbelievable. But for shelter, this is a bit hard. I say I'm stranded. I ask one, two, three, four, five, six, seven people and then I meet this guy. What happened to you? It's a long story. He takes me in, buys me food, offers me his home, gives me his bed, and doesn't even want to be filmed. There is still good in this world. That's one minute. See you tomorrow. Wow. What the heck? That's so... That takes a special person. Because first of all, I mean, that's scary. Till it's nobody in your house. You don't know what they're going to do to you. But that's, he's so nice. That's crazy. What the... Dang. Money. I don't like spending it. That's why I like the Philippines. It's very cheap. A full day tour at this island will cost you 20 bucks. And maybe $25 for this one. I hear it. That's so cool. Here you can get it for $1. And Uber ride for one hour will cost you three... What? Welcome to the Philippines. What? It's like 70 bucks here for like an hour. Yeah. Depending on what you're doing. Yeah, I got like a taxi in Arizona one time. It was like an hour. Is it right at the second airport? It was like a hundred bucks. That's crazy. Yeah, from the airport it's like 70 to a hundred. That's crazy. And today for two will set you back to Seattle. You're not going to go on a date. I'll unhove and get a haircut every single day. Hey, baby. You might like to do. You do. It's so cheap in the Philippines. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. What's up. For that price I can buy 30 bottles to get the whole village drunk for the price of two cocktails in New York City. Yeah. But the heck we can bring home so much alcohol for all the alcoholics. We know. We can actually do that though. It's so cheap. It's like I just give it to a few people. That'd be cool. Why not? We should. We're going to do it. So make sure to be at this certain location. Yeah, we'll give you some. Yeah. And the best part is that while you drink your cheap drinks, you can make friends with locals because they all speak English in here. That's it, everyone! Yeah! Thank you, everyone! Fisherers Island. That looks so cool. That looks so cool. That looks so cool. These islands are gorgeous. But watching it from your phone, you will get bored after five seconds. So let me tell you what makes this place incredible. A Bob water. It's heaven, earth, even when there is no sun. But it's not just what's above the water and on the water that's beautiful. It's also what's hiding underneath. You have the gazillion small fish. Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh! It's a gigantic fish that does not give a damn about you. There is a Japanese shipwreck hiding right under your feet. Whatever, I've gotten snorkeling. The fish are just like, eh! They all just run away. Yeah. Yeah. They snorkeling in co-three. They literally planted a starfish. Yeah. And I saw like maybe like 10 fish. That was so cool. They actually swim and they just be like swimming around you and you try to touch them. And then the big boy comes and you grab onto it and have it swim away. And then you use it like as like a jet and you end up suffigating it because you were holding your tail. No, I don't want to kill Fisher. No! And then you eat it. I took a dark care. I know. And if saltwater isn't really your style, there's always a way to hide it behind this rock. It'll tend to a rescue. Wow. We're from monsters living there. That's why this place is incredible. That's one minute. See you tomorrow! No! If there's one, you get f**ked up! It's the best of all, get them! She's standing in a perfect construction at 2463 meters high, which is 65% of her sister Mount Fuji in Japan and three times that of Borsk Kali-pa in Dubai. But it's not her appearance and height that make her so majestic. It's crazy. It's like Philippines is like a bunch of countries just mashing to one because it's like that one area with the lake and the really cool water. It looks like Thailand. This looks like Costa Rica. That volcano that I went to, that's pretty much exactly what it's just this big, cold volcano. And it's just crazy. It's like the tall green rock thingy. Yeah. A ton of different countries. Yeah, it's so crazy. It's her personality. Mayan is shy. She's so shy. She hides behind the clouds all the time. In fact, some say her husband are the clouds. And when you finally see her, she's beautiful. I wonder if we could rent an APD because you're talking about we doesn't like to spend money and he's renting an APD. Yeah, I'm sure we could. And it's probably pretty cheap. And I mean, we have experience driving the razor. Yeah. We could drive the razor through our like forests. Yeah. That was super fun. And I can imagine doing the Philippines Island. I think we could. Like literally rent some ATVs, like rent kayak. Do they have jet ski rentals? That would be super sick. We need to practice a little bit. A little bit. That's insane. She's angry. That tip of her erupts every three to five years. Whoa. That is deadly angry. That is so cool. She is perfect. The most perfect human being nature has to offer. That's Mayan. That's one minute. See you tomorrow. For the past five days, I've always stayed in the richest bars of the Philippines. And so it's easy for me to believe that all of the Philippines looks like this. But it's not. Only one cab right away from here. You arrive here at the trash mountain. Oh. Where people live in such extreme poverty that the air is unpleasant to smell. But this isn't just this area. 25% of the Philippines live under the poverty line. It's incredible that under the same city roof, you can lunch like this and dinner like this. Green stuff coming from the ground means this beautiful nature. In this case, it means there's so much trash piled on top of each other that it formed a mountain where actual people live and plants started to grow. Oh, thank you. The country's tagline is it's more fun in the Philippines. But I think a more appropriate one is it's more fun in 75% of the Philippines. One minute, you get more. It's kind of like Brazil also. You got that super nice city and then other side you got the favela. You see like pictures of that. I'm just like the United States too. There's places in the United States that are super poor. Like apparently there's a place in the United States that British nonprofit organization went to. And like West Virginia and they said it was like a third world country in some of the towns that they're in. Which is kind of crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The insane wealth and the... I said it before and I'm going to say it again. The Philippines is cheap. Which means you don't need many dollars to come here and see this piece of beauty. Good. But it also means you don't need many dollars to help those that need help. It's so cheap in here that we can buy this burger with me and all for 20 cents. 20 cents? And for that price you can buy a thousand of these burger without breaking the bank. And in a place where people are so poor that transforms an actual mountain. You can form an actual mountain of food for the price of one African hotel state in New York City. And we can feed up to 8,000 people. And that's crazy because like the fact that like we're obviously not like well off enough to where we can just start like handing out money here. But like that's crazy. Does even 20 cents. Wow. Yeah, I mean that's so that's crazy. Yeah, we're not even like wealthy at all. I mean we really like, I mean personally not including like our family or whatever. But like we don't make very much money. It's hard for us to go on vacation sometimes. We got to choose like the cheapest options for everything. Yeah. But we still get to go on vacation. Yeah. After these people we can we can literally be like oh it's just get a cheaper place than I give like a whole family dinner. Yeah, that's crazy. That's so cool. We should do it. Let's do it. Let's just get them a bunch of balut. Yes, cheap prices mean better tourism. But it also means it's not that hard or expensive to help those in need. That's what we did. See you tomorrow. Yes. Hi. It's my last day in the islands at the Philippines. I'm sad. But he was everything that I like about this country. It's a country with more than 7,000 islands which means this and this and this and this and this here. This volcano and this volcano also is a lot of stuff. You can get a whole village drunk or another poor village fed without breaking the bank. But reality is in some parts poverty is so extreme. People live on top of a trash mountain or anacrobia with a dead. But you can Google or not or you cannot Google however are the people. They will be generous. They will feed you and they will host you without knowing. They will build good startups and they will probably like crazy. But best of all, they will be your friends. Real friends. The country's tagline is it's more fun in the Philippines. But I don't like that. In better terms, there's more love in the Philippines. Bye bye Nass. That's one minute. See you guys. Wow, dang that's cool. Thank you. Woo! Hey, I'm excited to know the Philippines. We have to go when we go there. When we start going on trips, we have to be very... We have to try to be really social. Especially when we're going to the cities. Yeah, we're not very good when we go on trips. We kind of like... I don't know. I guess we don't really go places where we can be social. Yeah, we haven't gotten to like a ton of... We just city type places. We just kind of go into the nature by ourselves and see what we can find. We just sort of... We'll do what the Philippines does well. But... I like the YouTubers that do things with people. Like they talk to people and they... Yeah. They're pretty people of the culture. Yeah, so hopefully when we start traveling and make your videos in the Philippines and other countries, we can do stuff like that. Our next trip I guess we're pretty nature. In nature again. But Philippines places like that, we can mix it up. These things are like MV teasers. It's just hyping us up for a kid. Yeah, I know. It's just content. And it's so long away. Yeah. Maybe, maybe we'll just be to the point where we can just be like, let's go. Let's go for a couple of months. Yeah. Thank you. Hopefully you all can join us there. So make sure to subscribe, like the video and let us know what you want to see in the comments below. Let's keep... Let's keep these Filipino videos popping. We got you. Let's eat some balook. Cool. Yeah, 100g. I'm so scared. Do you like sorghum? I guess we'll have to find out. Yeah. I was. See you all later. Bye.