 Every day is a move that has an experience in the Philippines. When you think you've seen it all, then all of a sudden there's something else you've never seen. Wow, I like that. Yeah, because there are foreigners who spend two months here in the Philippines and start advising on the internet about land ownership, how to live here, what does it cost to live? When they just spend two months to three months or just merely visiting here, as it's like they know everything. And there you are living here for 10 years. These guys don't know shit. Yep, you're living here for 10 years and you're not even saying you know everything. What's your opinion on land ownership? With our conversation before you told me that you can stretch your budget for 15,000. How do you do it? Oh, depends. You know, depends on what you know the main thing is. For example, say for example, my salary per week is only maybe 3,000 to 5,000 per week. That depends on what I need. I pay my money, some of the money towards my landlords, I get ahead of my rent. Maybe I will buy extra groceries. When it comes to food, I normally just buy whatever I can and say, for example, fooder, you know, then I have stocks. Then let's go to an eatery. That's what you can see. Sapa, monop. So you have a bit of like a siboos fix, like the dialect is besaya. Very, very good. Very, very good. I guess I can teach you perhaps like a basic siya. You can learn that. I mean, you can, as of this time perhaps you can understand besaya the most foreigners coming here. So if you say you're surviving on 15,000 a month, up 15,000 pesos a month, so the rent in your place is 4,000. So it leaves you 11 grand. How about your internet connection, water and electric? Well, the water and the electric is my water's minimum to 200 pesos a month. My electric's probably less than 300. So that's 500, then the plus my landlord charges a garbage free because he's pissed off with every tenant keeps his truck in here rubbish down. We have to pay an extra 100. Yeah, it rains off the rent about 4,000 every month. My internet connection is prepaid and it's crap as anything. Yep, it's prepaid, it's crap. That's why I said, if you live in places like this here, you have the post paid, 1,400, and then additional gigabytes. Yeah, but army is in a pocket Wi-Fi on sun, sun, sun, sun, sun, sun. So, no, it's the happiest internet you can have. Yeah, that's because it's not a smile. Yeah. That's why you have problems. So it only leaves you about like 4,000, it leaves you about 10,000 for food, transportation. So you better be survived. Well, I can survive and I'm doing okay. I'm still a big belly. Oh yeah. He's the most foreigner and met a happy girl like you died. I mean, I've seen him like doing some barking, like in a gypney. Here in the Philippines, like you have this gypney right? Well, the most common transportation we have. And he's doing a barking thing and I was so happy seeing him like marking, calling some passengers to get in the gym. He's only doing that for experience, that he's not here. Yeah, I'm still in a little bit of fun, kills in time. Okay. But I hear someone like you've been to some good place here in the Philippines, like in Si Bu. Like good bit. She basically shorts, not really. Yeah, I've been to a few results. Can we talk about asking 15k for your belly? How did you manage to survive on 15,000 pesos a month? And is there any tips that you can give to other foreigners who wants to come here and live on that kind of money? That's quite easy. Don't drink beer. So it's the beer, the vices, the one that... Well, the biggest spending for foreigners is how we drink beer. Okay. And then how about accommodation? A accommodation, well that depends up to you. But in your case, you're renting for... I'm renting for 4,000, plus I pay 200 pesos for electric, plus 200 for water. Plus my landlord's... So I have to pay 100 pesos. Garnbridge free. Check this one out. My landlord is on hold there at the moment. And I'm the one he asked to collect up the garbage, feed the dogs, and I don't get the least cloth. Oh, right. So the advice that you're going to tell the foreigners who want to live on 15,000 pesos a month, which is 300 dollars approximately, is don't add drink. It depends on the budget. It depends on what you weigh. It depends on what you do. If you're a smoker, if you're a drinker, and me, I'm a smoker and a drinker. So how did you survive on 15,000? Quite easily. You don't eat. You just drink and smoke. So, what did you do? I don't know. I don't know. When did you start living on 15,000 pesos a month after a few years that you're living here? Maybe after 10 years. After 10 years? Yeah. How long do you live here? Ten years. Ten years already. Ten years. I'm here in 2018 and August. So at the start, you were not able to survive on that amount. No. No, towards the end. If you're a foreigner, American or European, just jumping up the plane, and you want to live here in the Philippines, is it possible to live on 15,000 pesos a month? Maybe not. You