 Alright ladies and gentlemen, we are in the taxi. I am on my way to Kirino. I'm not sure if I pronounced that right. To me, our good friend Enzo today. And Enzo and I are going to head over to the harbor. We want to walk around the harbor and he is going to tell me about Filipino sailor life. Because Enzo actually is a sailor. He's going to tell me about it and we're going to see if we can explore the harbor a little bit or at least get a good view of it. So I'm excited guys. Apparently like half a million Filipinos are sea fairers. And out of any country in the world, most sea fairers come from the Philippines. So that's pretty interesting. Yeah guys, I'm excited about learning more about that from my good friend Enzo the sea fairer. Alright people, just like that. We arrived at Kirino Avenue waiting for my good friend Enzo. That is the coolest tricycle I've ever seen guys. The jollyby tricycle. I'm from Netherlands. Netherlands? Yeah. You know? You know, okay. Where are you from, Anela? From... Okay, okay, sweet. Okay, it's a good place to. What's up bro? There he is guys. Our favorite sea fairer. Enzo and I are just figuring out how we're going to get to the poor area. I think we should take a deep knee or what do you prefer? Deep knee people, jeep knee. Yeah, let's do it man. Let's do it. Who doesn't love the jeep knees guys? We are just waiting here. Enzo and I for the jeep knee. We're going to head over into the direction of the Manila Port and then I'm going to learn a lot of interesting stuff about Filipino sea fairs. We found ourselves a jeep knee guys. We threw out that rod and reeled one in. We're going to love the exercise man, if you get in. I'm Enzo. So I picked you up in Filipino because you live there and you live in a building for sea fairers, right? There are a lot of sea men's located in Bito Pruits, in Benro Hill in New Haven because there are a lot of facilities just for sea men in our training centers, offices. It's like an area mostly dedicated for sea men. Oh okay, okay. Interesting. So you live in a building for sea fairers, right? Yeah. All of my roommates are all sea fairers. How many people do you share a room with? About 30. 30? Yeah. In one room. In one house. In the yard. And I share with 12 people. In one room? Yeah. Okay. That is something guys. Sharing your room with 12 people. That kid is in charge of the Benjamin's people. He's collecting all the money. It's a very smart way of holding the money. But does it's really hot, right? So you can do like that pull down a little bit. That's what an idea is. Just so smart. And just like that people, we're out. Love the chaos. It's a nice little market here guys on the side of the road. And so now I just got out of the jeep knee and now we're going to head over to the Manila Harbor area. We're going underground people. Under the road there's a giant market. So you can buy all the clothes you need as you are crossing the street. That is efficiency right there. We have again resurfaced and even above ground there shops again guys. You come to Manila if you want to shop to you drop people because there's shops all over the place. We are making our way to the harbor and look where we are now guys. One of my favorite places in Manila. Intramuros. I'm going to go to the shopping mall for the parking lot. The best place to go is the parking lot. Let's do it. Let's get on in into this cool little tricycle people. We're in. And so it's not very fat so it's quite easy to fit both of us in here. Oh no way dude. This is a bike. Yeah, this is my first time. Oh really? Yeah yeah. I've only done the tricycles that are motor bikes. Also you haven't tried like kicking the bike. Try it now. I want to try it. You want to try it? Can I try it? Yeah, flip and make it turn. Okay, let me try it. So Kiel is going to try to drive this tricycle. That way up. I am going to ride tricycle in Manila. First time so cool. You want to get in sir? You sit down? Yeah. We are sitting down. Yeah. All right guys. We're doing it. We're going to the harbor. This is good man. This is good exercise right here. Now I'm going to the harbor and I'm getting exercise as well you know. This way? Yeah we go over. Okay okay I think it's time to get off for me people. All right guys I'm sharing the tricycle with my friend over here and Enzo is doing some work now. It's only fair you know I did work. My friend did work. Now Enzo is doing some work as well. Oh oh oh. Oh my God guy. Hey. Hi. Oh that's okay. That's great. Wow look at that. Enzo is jumping from the bike ride into the car. Yeah I think he's done this before guys. He seems experienced. The world is back to normal. The two tourists here in Manila are sitting in the tricycle and the tricycle driver is actually driving the tricycle. I have this one very embarrassing experience with this tricycle before when I was young. When they passed by usually kids would ride at the back of this one. So like was that allowed or they just jump on? They just jump on. And I think that would be like what the cool kids do. Yeah yeah I tried it as well. I hang on to this tricycle. And then when I got into it. And like when you're hanging onto the tricycle does the driver know? They don't know. Oh you can do it with the bathroom. Yeah yeah yeah. And like the tricycle driver was driving it so fast like I couldn't get off. I couldn't get off and when I tried to get off I immediately fell on my feet and I was like lying down but my hand was still at the back part of this and I was holding and the tricycle was like moving a far away so I was like being dragged along with it. You're like holding on to your feet more like this. Yeah like did like your shoes catch on fire? I was wearing slippers and my slippers got lost. Oh dude. And I got scratches everywhere like in my stomach everything like when I got home and mom was like What happened to you? Yeah. I got scolded a lot. I have a feeling that we are very very close to the port. We are right? Yes because you can see this truck right over here. So many trucks are there. They're bringing stuff. Okay okay. That gives you shit in people. And there goes our kuya tricycle driver people and we have safely arrived despite the fact that Enzo and myself drove as well which was quite dangerous. And we are now walking into the new port area. I'm excited. I can already see a few things in the distance. And Enzo is going to tell us all about what these things do and he's going to tell us about seafaring life because Enzo here has spent over a year on a ship. Yep. Hello. 17 days to be exact. One year and 17 days. Yep. Wow guys. So Enzo really knows this stuff people. The road to the port area is so interesting guys. It's just loads and loads of shops. And look at this all like second hand refrigerators and washing machines. Hello. Are you? I'm fine. Good. Me too. Loving it people. Even here in the middle of the port area the vibes are just fantastic. That's what we get all the containers. Oh whoa. Dude that is big. That is usually what we have on board my ship before because I was I was on board a container vessel. So that's what goes into your ship. Yep. And what do you transport like like what kind of product? You know we can't really know what's inside of this cargo. Oh you're not allowed to know? No. Okay okay. That makes sense. That actually makes for buttons. There are like laptops you know jewelry. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. That is one giant container people that is ain't no joke. If that container drops on you I think you might have a little scratch. Look at those cranes guys. They're gigantic. What are those man? A gigantic crane. They're being used for lifting those containers from transport from land to the ship. And also off the ship I guess right? I think we have arrived haven't we? Yep. And we are probably not allowed to go inside. We should ask first. We should ask. Hello. But we're probably not allowed to go inside. But we can stand here on the edge and and so can tell us a little bit about this stuff. I see a massive massive ship just stacked full of containers insane. Okay what happened bro? So this pier is a big can get inside. Okay. You know it's very risky. It's dangerous. It's dangerous equipment. We have this big cranes and stuff but we have another option. We can go to this passenger area. Okay and then we can look around. Yep. Let's go there. The cars and the trucks just driving into this port people. Wow they're doing some massive massive stuff here. You know I mean this is a giant part of the Philippines economy. And you can see that because this is like huge. I feel tiny walking around here. We're going to take this jeepney on the other side. Going to Zada Gosa Pier. Okay guys we're going to Zada Gosa Pier. Zada Gosa Pier. Zada Gosa Pier. Yeah. We're going to go there right now and then we're going to have a nice view right? Let's get that jeepney people. Let's get that jeepney. Two jeepneys in one day. That's a good day people. Yeah. We got it guys. Another jeepney and so tried two times and he succeeded both times. He's a champion in getting jeepney people. Oh yeah. We have arrived guys. Oh yeah. Just like that. You go in the jeepney. You sit in the jeepney and you're ready to get people when you get out of the jeepney. We are now at Zada Gosa Pier. Because we couldn't enter the port of Manela main area. So we're going to try it again here guys. Yeah. We do not give up here and so now I keep pushing onward. Yeah you're saying La Ban. You mean Spites. La Ban? No. Okay. La Ban is laundry. La Ban. La Ban. La Ban. La Ban. Yeah. La Ban like that. La Ban people. Yeah. That means Spites. We always keep La Banning on people. All right guys we are here right in front of the port. Man this road is busy. You know that mobile game where you like have to cross the road? Yeah. Like boom boom. I feel like we're going to play that game with our lives right now. All right let's do it. Okay. We made it. So we're coming to see fair. You have to go to like university? Yeah. And how long do you study? Three years academics and one year of apprenticeship. You've got to get a lot of training to go to see fair. Training. Wow. Training. Yeah? Yeah. How long do people typically stay on the boat for? Six to nine months. Okay okay okay. On my first contract I stayed for like nine months. Oh okay. I had my contract when you were in another three months. Yeah. Making our way up the stairs guys. We can get a good view of the Manila Port area because we cannot go inside guys which is completely understandable. There's a lot of like safety regulations and stuff that they have to appear to. We're just going to do the best we can and that's stand on this and look at it. Because we can actually see a lot and it is so impressive. It is gigantic. Whoa. Okay guys so we see an epic amount of these giant containers. Now I want to know how many of those containers fit on the boat that you go on. You go on a tanker? A container. A container ship. Yeah. Okay how many containers is a container ship hold? More than 10,000 of them. More than 10,000. More or less yeah. 10,000. Holy moly. How big is the crew? We are like 31. Crew. Only 31. Yeah. And our ship was like 347 meters in length. Yeah. So that's actually not that many people. Wow okay so 10,000 containers on a container ship and only like 30 people guys. Manning a ship that big. Incredible guys. Really. My respect to the sea fairers because that is that is hard work man. Before we end this episode I want you to tell us a really cool fact or a little something to know about Filipino sea fairing life. So mostly there's one way you can tell whether person is a sea bear or not. You have a secret way to tell anybody walk on the street. You can determine really. Okay okay I'd like to hear that. First thing you need to check is this big backpacks. This. This is a small backpack. Yeah this is small one but you know this guy is always bringing big backpacks because they have their documents a lot of stuff inside. Yeah okay. Second is sea fairs where like this branded shirts like Nike or even this collared shirts because when we report to the office we're required to wear those kind of clothes. Oh okay. And then the shoes a lot of sea fairs like to wear this Nike shoes. A deepers. A sneaker. Like comfortable shoes. Like this also this basketball shoes. Okay yeah. The Jordans and stuff. So if you see somebody walking on the street with a big backpack and Nike shirt and Nike shoes you can say with 100% certainty that is a that is a 100% but maybe like an 80% all right people. This was such a cool day learning about Filipino sea fairs with my sea fairing friend here Enzo from Saboo and it was really really cool to see the Manila Harbor up close and personal. I mean as up close and personal as we could get. Don't forget guys to follow myself and Enzo on Instagram handles displayed right now. If you enjoyed this video don't forget to like it. Subscribe to my channel. Hit the bell people and then I shall see you in the next episode. Peace out people. Keep sea fairing safely. Take it easy.