 Future Friday. The freshest. This is fun. How exciting. This is what we like. Oh my god. It's really cool. The industry is coming together. Phenomenal. Phenomenal. My my. She is a queen. It has been settled. I'm really soaked from pantywood. What is the... What is the... Auto... Deadma. Auto-dema. Auto-dema. Auto-dema. What? Okay, but like flat. This has rock-centre-spritting all over it. All over my friends are involved. Blue. Rock-centres. Jonathan Manalo. Fabulous. Everybody's involved. Everybody making. This is money. They can't make it to you. Oh, it's a Tagalog dude. That's pretty dope. Shachan. Also, Wooseok is going to speak in Korean. That's really cool. Oh, that's really cool. Transitions. That's sick. Shit. That's really cool. That's really cool. That's really cool. That is cool. I'm sorry. I thought that was the reverse. She's the feature in her own feature. That's sick. Already featuring somebody. Let's praise them stylists. Because Jesus, this is like a freaking wrong way show. This is a high-faction situation. And I am in love with it. Toilest, uh, Rainier, Daghala, an M-Milan. That is so freaking dope. Look at that. This is really cool. This is really cool. This is really cool. She's fabulous. She's fabulous. I'm setting my own expectations. I'm fast on all of the things. I love this dress. She's a very good visual cast for a lot of things. Like very, very good visual cast. She's fabulous. I love that face. What does that mean? I love that face. What does that mean? I love that face. I love that face. I love that face. I love that face. I love that face. Oh my gosh. She won it. Oh my gosh. She won it. Oh my gosh. I love that face. Oh, This is exciting. Oh boy. holy noises Oh, that's really cool. Boss. Come on, come on, come on. I'm not a dead man. Boss, come on, come on, come on. I'm not a dead man. I just know that he scared you must have been meant to me. It's always, I hope that at some point they get to do at least like one of those they'll take talk things or something together. You know what I mean? Right. But that's a very good feature. All the three speaking, the song is so freaking great. Very, very good feature. It's hard to make a great pop track that maintains some type of like edgyness, something that is, that has substance, right? Cause pop tracks tend to be quite linear, they tend to be quite predictable. There is the catchiness of it all, that's what makes a pop track sellable, that makes everybody be hooked into it. But with this song, you have essence behind it, right? Not only from the lyrics, but also from like the musical dynamics behind it. It's really cool. It has like a darker undertone. It's edgy. But when the rap comes in, it kind of like alludes to that edgyness, like that darkness, I'd really like that. Yeah, I mean, it is like a, so at the extent she is trying to bring attention to sort of, you know, her own in the battles or the inner battles or whoever the perspective of the song is in. Yeah, and then they're both talking about, you know, essentially how they feel so lonely, just being in the ring alone, even though they have so many eyes on top of each other. It's pretty freaking dope. Yeah, it's very cool. I like the dynamics here. I think that's where the edge comes in, that sort of, probably they're underlying themes and the topics of discussion. This is fabulous. Yeah, very good. Yeah. I think that's, that's that show that moves for users. Can you talk about RuPaul's Drag Race? No, they have a version in the Philippines as well, I think. That would be nice. It's the Drag Race, but yeah, it's true. They had the classic stuff. Oh, is he wife that? His wife is part of production, yeah. Yeah. I think some of those, some of those, the drag dancers might be, that's really cool. Part of that cast. I feel like it, because it's a very big deal in the Philippines. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, that's a very big show internationally speaking. It's a really big show. I haven't seen it, but yeah. I actually learned how to do makeup like from watching RuPaul's Drag Race. Why is it a race? Because it's a competition. It's about, it's who, who is the best queen? Oh, right. Yeah. My monkey brain thought they were getting cast off like top gear. No, no, no, it's, it's a competition. All right. But you are working under, under time constraints. What, if you lose, you get kicked off, you have to do penalties. There is a penalty round to be saved. But there is also, but yeah, you get eliminated. It's based on performance. Yeah, the track queen. That is so freaking dope. I love it this dope. That is so freaking dope. I love it this dope. That is so cool. What a transition. Deadma. I don't know what that means. But I can't say you're dead inside, okay? It was like you didn't do anything. I love that. I would love to see them collaborating real life though. I love that. Shout out to you as well. This is what I think the future is. I just think we've mentioned this since we started discovering sort of the OPM scene. The Filipino music industry is like, I think in terms of talent, they do have some of the best talent in the world. And then when you start to package it like this and you start to collaborate with different names all across the different industries, yeah, the boom internationally bound to happen. And I hope this does very well for them. Go watch the original, go support the original shout out to ABS, star, good friends to the channel. And yeah, it would be really interesting to have a chat with my mic. Because she's a very good visual cast. I know she has a decent model in background in terms of rhombus and stuff like that. And I think she's one of the most sought after models in the Philippines, in terms of commercials and stuff like that. She's a very great, those. She's a chameleon in terms of what she can become visually. That's true. And vocally, she's actually really good life. Yeah, that's actually quite surprising in terms of credits and the industry overall. But it's really cool to see a well-rounded artist in whatever realm that might be. She is essentially like a triple threat, right? She can dance, she can sing, I think she can act as well a bit. No idea. It doesn't surprise me. It really does. It really does. And lots of singers end up transitioning to acting. And really good at it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyways, let us know what you thought about it. And if you'd like to see more collaborations like this, go show them all their support. And goodbye.