 Hiraia Manawari is a beautiful ancient Filipino words that means may do wishes of your heart before field. Our hearts wish to spend their days in the beautiful Philippines. It turned out much better than we thought it would be. On the last episode, my ration family experienced their first island adventure. Our family wakes up early every day and gets down to household chores. Neighborhood kids wake up early too. During the Philippines, most children are accustomed to household chores from an early age. I learned to cook when I was six. I also work on our farm, planting and harvesting rice and vegetables, and even selling those vegetables to nearby villages. Last night, the fisherman had a big catch and they saw this fish for 120 pesos a kilo. It has interesting colors. Today is garbage collection day. A truck comes here once a week. Residents don't have to pay for trash pick-up, and like in Russia, wear a day collect a certain amount from each person in the house for trash pick-up, whether you have trash or not. But still, some Filipinos burn their garbage, especially plastics. They said, because the Philippines is a paradise and it would be a shame if it would be destroyed. The garbage collectors gave us a new bag. We asked the kids not to throw plastic on the ground. This young man understood the assignment and started picking up the small plastic on the ground and putting it away in the bag. I cut the last pineapple and want to make a fruit salad. Our colorful and appetizing lunch is ready. Fried fish, stirred fried saiyote, fruit and vegetable salad and rice. I also made calamansi juice. Mom's neighbor came to give her a pedicure. Here, it is an additional source of income. The school's teach children to sew, do manicures, graft trees, cook, bake and much more. First nap, we have boiled peanuts that really sold us. Mom loves peanuts, so this is a very nice treat. Now I will show you a way to crack the ice. Put the ice in the plastic bag and smash it hard against the wall. First, make sure that the wall is harder than the ice. I made cocoa with milk and ice. This drink is very good for cooling down in hot weather. The girls also made instant noodles and in a gorgeous surprise, we started eating them with buns. This is not an everyday food. Besides being unhealthy, it is also a little sweet for their liking. We go to Antlila's house to get some bamboo trunks for our project. Antlila is a business woman. In addition to small continue, her family also sells vegetables, fruits and barbecue. It is interesting for warrior to see me carrying a machete and for him it is a little scary. Filipino women are known as calm, gentle and sweet, but we can have a temper. No wonder there are many brave women in Filipine history who have fought for our country. Such cyclone and jungley have such fun. Oh, but I'm screaming off her gallflows. Assumption of this recording Really Androm Nell helped us harvest bamboo. We really began to climb where Rom Nell remained on the ground. I, meanwhile, had found some edible sprouts and was picking the tubers out of the ground. There's many food in forest and Philippines. The children walk past us. They pick shells from the river. The nature of the Philippines is rich and diverse. Filipinos in the province can always find free food. Bamboo is one of the fastest growing plants on earth. It belongs to the family, a perennial evergreen grass-sets. Up to now, about 1,300 species of bamboo are known. For a long time, bamboo has played an important role in the Philippines. This tough, light and very strong grass is used for building houses, making furniture, hats, weaker baskets, curtains, chopsticks and more. Bamboo has edible shoots. Here, they're called la bomb, ta bomb, raccom, tam bo, and many more. They're used as vegetables and Asian dishes and broths. Rochutes are bitter and must be cooked to get rid of the bitter taste. Unfortunately, it is not in season this time of year, so we didn't get a chance to try it. It is very tasty if cooked properly. My favorite way to prepare it is with coconut milk. After almost an hour, William Romnell carried the long-join straw closer to the house. Then they returned to cut down another trunk. It's a very long, tedious and dangerous job. We are very grateful to Willy because he always helped us when we need something. He is a very nice, kind, polite and hardworking young man. His mother is very lucky to have such a wonderful son. Willy has to climb higher to have enough room around the trunk to swing his machete. While you watch from the sidelines and dance away from mosquito bites and huge tropical ants. Maybe he got up on an ant hill. Willy has had an unpleasant experience. A felt hollow trunk stuck into its base and there is no way the guy can get it out. Willy got over the problem and we thought the bamboo was about to slide under its own weight to the ground, but it didn't. Now it was hooked on the top of a neighboring branch. The guy sprang in a second bamboo. That would be enough for a project. The bamboo is not a big thing. It's not very thick. It's only for floor, not for building. Look, come here. It's thicker than this one. It's not very hollow. Yeah, but it's not. To make the bamboo easier to transport, we decided to cut it into several pieces. Mameline borrowed a hand saw from a neighbor and started sewing. Boy, you soon replaced her. Even though the soil is blunt and small, we saw the bamboo into pieces. This is a very interesting experience for him. It's so beautiful. Look at that. The thank you guys. We bought some skewers to meet that we're selling and had a delicious snack together. We had iso, chicken and trails, and my husband's new favorite barbecue chicken tails. It's amazing for him that Filipinos make something delicious out of something and appetizing. It's so delicious. It's getting dark, so it's time for us to head home. We really loaded the bamboo onto his tricycle and we hit the road. We're going to eat the bamboo. We're going to eat the bamboo. While we were eating dinner, it rained again. Soon the power went out and we sat with the flashlight for a while. Another day has come to an end. Before bed, husband and dad do our favorite daily activity, which has become a tradition. Showering outside surrounded by beautiful pink flowers brings romantic thoughts to mind. The water is cool, but after a long hot day, it feels very pleasant. These are the moments we would never trade for anything. Simple moments with my husband and my family. We are very thankful that here in the Philippines, we are not scared. We are free and most importantly, we are loved. In the next episode... No, maybe. No. Yeah. Better, yeah.