 Hello guys, welcome to a new vlog, it's starting out not really how I planned. The plan today was to go to Minalungau but it's closed but we stopped at an eatery and the lady told us that it's still possible to enter from a side road. So that's what we are trying but it's really dangerous. I just got off the motor side because we were about to fall. That's scary. Maybe we can go through here. I guess it's blocked. We made it somewhere. This is a entrance to a river next to Minalungau. Over there is the Minalungau National Park and we are just on the side of this river now. It's also pretty this area but we will try to go through some. And maybe we can reach Minalungau. The lady said that it's allowed if we can reach it so we are going to find a path. I don't really know how deep this water is. Maybe we will have to swim through. We will see at least it's an adventure. I guess swimming through is not an option. It looks really deep and the water is strong. So no to that. We will try to find a way to walk. Instead, Pixago is a kiddie pool for you. It's a very shallow water. Come on. Come on. Yeah, good to go. There. Kiddie pool. We are trying. We walked from there on the side when through this rock. And now we will have to hop into the water to continue. It's really slippery especially in my slippery shoes. I guess I will. Yeah, so far so good. At least this is exciting. Walking through this bamboo. And then jumping into the water. Pixago is just laughing at me. She said this is easy. It's really slippery. The water here is very dangerous. This is the part where you will not want to fall in it. I don't know how much you can see but it's really fun. They are doing the self-carbushing the middle of the river. That's really convenient. We are approaching the main river of the park. And also here's the hanging bridge. So at least we will be able to get a view of the river. Finally, this is the view that I wanted to see by I went through or this to get here. Look how beautiful this river is. I can never get tired of it. The beautiful rocks and the water. The water has such a unique, like green color, twerick white color. It's so beautiful. This tree is so good looking. Or it is a grass or some plant is growing when it's everywhere. So cool. It's how you like the tree also? Yeah, such a cool tree. We found the perfect swimming pool. There are a few kids here like bikers. They also got here. The part of the river here is calm. It's a perfect swimming pool and look how beautiful the color of the water is. There were no place to change so my swim suit just did with the motorcycle and I'm just going to swim with whatever clothes I had on. The water is so beautiful. It's a little feeling cold because she was swimming so she got a little shaman blanket. Is it good now? Acute little sari sari. I hope we can get some stuff here. Success! A Fajji bar. I'm so hungry. Got recharge with the Fajji bar and we saw some people walking through this area. So we tried it. So I saw a view from here. I'm just admiring the view. There are so many details even on the rocks, some caves and trees growing only and the birds. But while I'm admiring the view, pitsel is pretending to be the tour guide. Again it's just far ahead of us. Big sell nativant that way. Okay. You're wronged. This way. This little bridge to cross to the other side doesn't really look safe. This part going up looks so far. This is bringing back some hiking memories. This quality was fast to be climbed leading up to some cave and this is the entrance. This is why this location is so cool because there's even a high queue can take which I didn't show you now but there's the beautiful river when you can swim and then there's this cool forest spot where you can reach a cave and it's even possible to go inside of this cave. I don't know how much you can see. It's quite dark but we entered the cave. Really scary you have to jump through a lot of rocks to get here and it's impossible without the flashlight but we are using our fun. Oh this is like a I'm about to tell a horror story but it's completely dark in the cave but it's so cool it's like super quiet and I don't know if you will be able to see it but see the rocks have this shine on it like the glitter and it's everywhere around the cave. Oh that's so beautiful. It's like full of glitters. I made it. There's the light. Going back I'm just to leave this place always but I can be back anytime. Now that the swimming is over I could put on the clothes that I originally brought for swimming and even though we are done here the adventure is not over because I'm still so hungry like that little snack I ate was nothing so now the mission is to find an eatery or some feed port or like anything that we can eat. We are safe we won't starve now. Found an eatery I'm so excited it looks really good and they have a lot of different food and the menu is huge. Yes the place is cold. Okay it's so rough and I like how it looks inside like very local really cool. I like the bamboo walls. Pixel knows we are in a restaurant so she's excited. Yeah lumpia this is a lumpiaan toge. Dumpia with what is it like sprout? We are called the bean sprout. Bean sprout yeah and here's the little suka which is suka which is vinegar and they put like chili and garlic in it. I love this thing. It's still so fresh very hot. So fresh and so nice. The vinegar so it's really good spicy and garlic here. So good. Wow the rest of the food is here I'm still just eating my yum lumpia but here's some logo which is rice soup with egg and the dessert my hello hello and this is called Manis corn yellow. I've never tried that before it's also kind of like a hello hello it has the Miyaki ice but it has some corn at the bottom. I told you when in my gapan street food big yoda corn here is a snack and not just a sauté one as you can see they also put it in sweet looks so good. For that how you do it you squeeze through the calamans and through the fourth. Now I know how it's done. I will do the calamans squeeze also on my logo. Pork calamans please. Press. Why is that not going so smoothly for me? Oh they were already cut it time. Oh there I got it. Guys I'm finishing this vlog with more food after I got home from in a long time I was still so hungry even though I ate all that yummy stuff in the eatery it was done really fast because it was a tiring day so I came to SM and I'm trying more local food and it's actually to kind of dish that I've never tried before. This is a boat vegetarian dish. This is called Lying and this is called Pinocbet. I know that this is a taro leaf and I think this is the taro and root itself but this one I don't really have an idea what kind of flavor it has. I think you can see it has okra and that's all I recognize. Very good, I don't like it. Nice. I can tell it has coconut flavor but I can't really taste the coconut because the this leaf has some really strong flavor which is a very good flavor. Oh I like this. This is so nice. Is this my new favorite now? Like sweet but still savory. It's really good. I've been trying the pinocca. Oh it's also good it's a bit not spicy but it has some spice and I can tell what it is. I have no idea what kind of flavors I'm tasting but it's also really good. I love both. So now I'm just going to enjoy the dinner and I think this is the end of the video. Thank you so much for watching and then I will see you next time in my next vlog. Bye.