 relieved we go last leap in moment paint. Little man we have to go to the hospital and she's got a tour of the PM appointment with the OBGYN and then we have a clock to be down down on the floor as I jude and then they're gonna induce labor at that time. There's the plan and we'll see if you little man's gonna come today or Tuesday morning. So I'm about to lighten that on a little stir. More to add. Hello hello hello morning again it is 7.50 a.m. Got my to go close watching my cowboys and the packers. Got my backpack getting ready. There's lady jazz she just came in. She was walking around the house not sure but thinking the contractions are kind of started by the facial expression so we'll see maybe she won't need to be induced if the little man's ready to come. I think he's excited because the cowboys are up 28 to 14 right now on green bay third quarter two minutes 47 seconds left. Oh no that was the drive. Not bad how much time was left. Oh two minutes and 47 seconds left. This is how I watched my cowboy game show my iPad. Do-Foo sports. Okay so hopefully the cowboys will win this game. A little man will come out be both my man here and be safe and healthy. Let's see we'll keep you guys updated then it's gonna keep tagging this on and she's getting stuff ready. She's getting ready to take a shower just in case we'll go from there. Chow by you. Good Monday even it's about 506 pm right now when the hotel downtown Long a pole where you say cherry mix it's about it's a 20-piece over ride to the hospital. I'm getting ready to go drop off lady jazz and her mom and then we're gonna then I'll bring the truck back here and wait for their phone call and then I'll take a 20-piece old truck ride back over there or no maybe I think we're gonna take a try. I think that was a plan. We'll see it's one of those options we're gonna do and so right so right now we're here. There's some stuff there be in the hotel there she is getting the kids showered up so they'll calm down. We've got the cartoons on for them. There's no Wi-Fi it's down system is down I'm not surprised this is the second hotel I've stayed in since in my 10 months I actually third not counting the quarantine but when we stayed in the city the Clark Plaza Field Plaza Hotel what it was called the first time did not have any Wi-Fi so that's when well it wasn't working but here they said it systems down so we'll see anyway we're here up that jazz we go again we're gonna be going to St. Jude's medical center and we're just waiting for biol J.C. and Lady Jazz's mother to get back some snacks drinks for the kids okay it's 5.45 pm we're here in the St. Jude Hospital waiting area. Lady Jazz is going to help people work there's Lady Jazz mom watch it Dennis Clay Dragon Heart. There I am we're in the mask again. So we're just waiting there she is okay we'll find out now. Okay Lady Jazz has to do a swab figure the odds so that's 900 pesos and we'll see that's the beginning we'll see what else happens I don't think I don't know if a mom has to do it or not man I don't have to do it when I come back and stay with it oh we'll see we'll let you know. This lady jazz we're still waiting we're just here in the staging area and we're gonna go get a room here in a minute unfortunately they only allow one companion so it's gonna be her mom she chose some mother over me oh I'm heart broken anyway that's the way it is I know you suppose to be recording this I'm just sneaking to the end so looks like it's gonna be 15 November not today 14 November because it's already 723 okay well shut it down for when those comes in