 Do you plan to go back to the England at all? Hell no, it's too cold. You like living here. Bears to expensive. And way away. Before you go, when we were talking about beer, Red Horse, is cheaper than the point in the UK. One liter. It's only 85 pesos, a little bit more than a pound in the UK. I myself, it would be as a Filipino. You yourself. It's a very huge place like this. You cannot think of it all the time. You see, this person asked me the question, I was living in a very clean place. That's just one room. This one room. Have you seen the backside, the downstairs, the upstairs, the left side, the right side? No, people don't know. They think I'm living in Shed because... I'm living in a Shed because I mix with people that are poor. I mix with people that live under the bridge, that live under the cemetery. I went there and filmed some of my friends that live in the cemetery. I have a question, how can they live under the cemetery? In the cemetery, you know, there's a Muslim for that. You know, you sleep. Yeah, they tap over on the grave. They're on top of the grave. So, when the owner is not there, they went over to the Muslim and on top of the grave, that's where they do have their... So, on my channel, they don't know who I am and they don't know what I have. I'm going to buy the fine done. Being a Filipino, you can't get rid of the widmores. Oh yeah. Being a half Filipino, I'm sorry to say. Yeah. Peace, cheaper. Lee considers himself now as half Filipino, like we are being... And it's the Williams Chipper, isn't it? Yes. Yeah, how long do you live here? Ten years. Ten years already. Ten years. How long? I'm here in 2018 in August. Okay, so what are the places that you live here? No, I'm living in Guadalupe, in the city. Other islands. Oh, other islands, uh, Cipa City. Only? So, you've been around the city a while, like you live in Tali, say you imagine. Yeah, I've lived in Calisay, I've lived in Cordova, and some shit hole in Tinaga. Naga? No, Tinaga. That's near... near the... near... Deepati, yeah. In Dependent. In Dependent. Tipadilia, Tinaga, Borangeta. It's the worst place to live. Oh, yeah, that's really hardcore squatters there. Yeah. Yeah. And now you're living in Guadalupe. Yeah, living in Guadalupe for about... maybe... Two years, two and a half, and a little bit over two and a half years. This is the least apartment. It's a sort of like a room here. It's worth five thousand, so it's... I mean, four thousand. Four thousand per month. Per month. And on top of that, you have to pay your electric and water. So, the place is quite nice, it's secure. And then you have some food remorse outside, and it's quite safe still, because you have... it's a dated... though the price is quite a bit... but you have... it's a dated compound. There's a dog here who can take care of someone who's a stranger, is coming in. It's a good bark for someone who doesn't know. It's annoying because when the dog starts barking... but sometimes... yeah, that's actually the price that we have to pay for your security. The dog is quite noisy. It's a good thing he is so quiet. Yeah. I got 16. She has 16 dogs. So, this is the area. She leaves for almost half a year, over a year. Do you want to eat? Do you want to eat? Do you want to eat? Do you want to eat? Do you want to eat? Wow. The cigarettes are cheaper, the everything seems cheaper than in England. But when you want to come and eat like decent foods, like a nice strip of bacon, a nice sausage, or maybe a cheese sandwich, now that starts getting expensive. Yeah. Because it's all imported. Oh, I guess bacon here is not really expensive. They are. It is if you want proper bacon. I mean, the bacon you get here is like honey... Honeycourt, maple. When your sticker isn't a frying pan, it just shrinks up. But you want proper bacon, it's important. Oh, you can get it in some places. There is some foreigners who will do bacon. Ready? Cross like that. 200 glass or about half a kilo. Where did it come? Like the idea of giving Sibu as a place to reside. I mean, how did you know we back in London, you know, this country, Philippines, and you want to go to Sibu? Well, for me, at first I was always intended to go to Asia in the first place. I have like a second family. It is from Thailand. I used to live next door to where I used to live. And so I've grown up since birth. Until now, with that family. So Asia was always my destination. Did you have a place to live? A choice of places to live. Then that case would get a pen stick in the map. How did you pop up? Hey, this is the place, like the Philippines, specifically like Sibu. It's just a pen in the map. You don't have exact idea of how to feel. I have some contacts here as well. I think so. So you know somewhere when you wave back in Thailand, that people in the Philippines, and you research it, and how to get them out. I would like to be staying here. It was just a whim, really. Just go for it. And here I am. Exactly. You love here. So what is the best experience you have here? I mean, I know there's a lot because you've been staying here for 10 years. I guess one of it is the Filipino culture. What are specific things that you like? I really can't say everything is just a new learning experience. Every day is a new learning experience in the Philippines. When you think you've seen it all, then all of a sudden there's something else you've never seen. You think, wow, I like that. Yeah, because there are foreigners who spend two months here in the Philippines and start advising on the internet about land ownership. How to live here? What does it cost to live? When they just spend two months to three months or just merely visiting here, I said, they know everything. And there you are living here for 10 years. These guys, they don't know shit. Yep. You're living here for 10 years, and you're not even saying you know everything. That's always still something to learn here. Yep. The culture itself. There's a hidden protocol that the foreigners are getting at. You know, like the wink, like what it means. Like the language itself when you talk. They just can't get it. I was just surprised there are foreigners that... Oh, they're advising how to own lands as if they're low experts. Yeah, yeah. How to own land, how to buy land. And in fact, there's a popular blogger there that advising every single corner about the Philippines life, loss, anything. Like, hey, even you want to know something about the place, don't you think you have to ask a Filipino? Exactly. What's your show for there? There. I have to say something. You've got no one to listen to. He doesn't like the intestines. What you're having? What? That's the... Small intestine. Small intestine. Small intestine. Crab meat. Crab meat for me. And then you pick up your rice, puso. I think you can have it slicey. Yeah, that's what I was hoping. I think you know. Oh, yum. Barataka dos. Oh, yum. I like this. Lumpia. She got... This is better. That's just being sprouted. This one is bigger one. Carrots and potatoes. You can put it. I'm going to put it in there. You can put it in there. It's a bit tough. Chicken there. Yeah, there is chicken there. What's a better chicken? This is the intestine. Small intestine. You can go there. This is chicken. I'm making this YouTube video because I want to experience... I want you guys to experience the Philippines. I live in Guadalupe, Sibu, city. There's many ups and downs. If you're a foreigner, there's many ups and downs. You're going to have maybe bad experience with police or maybe a bad experience with a chick. But the most important thing... As a foreigner, keep it in here. Don't judge the Filipinos. I've been here for 10 years. I love the Philippines. I've met many people. Most are bad. Some are bad. But most are good. Philippines is sweet. I've got plenty of nice islands. You can go to Bahawar or something. Bahawar. Then we go to Santander, you know, jump on the ferry. You can go to Negras, you can always have plenty of fun in the Philippines. But on a small, very small downside. There are many people who always... You just have to learn to get rid of the bad. Stick with the good. I guess that goes through all the countries. I always normal for the every country. But I love the Philippines. I've been here for 10 years. I've only had two problems with the police. And both times none of my problems. It's the Filipinos problem. But I'm the one I'd have to pay for it. But for you American guys, who are 60 years old, stop taking advantage of the young girls. Which is otherwise you get your ass kicked. Filipino, Filipino girls. You treat them as queens. You treat Filipino people nice. They're not treat you nice. That's about that one.