 Hello, how are you? Hello, how are you? Good morning. Are you a boyfriend? No. And what do you think is that this is the problem? I'm a boyfriend and a child. Hey guys, how's it going? Today I'm in Medellin, Colombia, where I've been living for the past two and a half years. So in this video I was able to talk to a few Colombian women and see what they thought about dating foreigners. I was not expecting some of these answers. Hey, how are you? Hello, how are you? How are you? How are you? I'm fine, I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. What are you eating? The ice. Oh, how is it? It's delicious. Oh, how good. Well, where are you from? From Medellin, I've been to Colombia. Ah, how good. I'm from Medellin, I love it. So I have a question about your opinion about the foreigners and the people of the UK. Look at this. Is that good? Ah. In the beginning you have nobils? Ah, yes. Ah, ok, ok. So where are you from? To the north. In England. England and? From the United States. From the United States. Ah, ok. So why do you have foreign nobils? Why do you not have local nobils? Ah, well, in my opinion, I have been with some Colombians and really in my experience it has not been very good. No? Why not? With me, I feel that I have a little more freedom, it's a little more cowardly. They are not so possessive. And obviously the cultures are a lot different. Ah, just to know me. Yes. Ah, ok, I understand. And you? Well, the nobils I had Colombians, the experiences are really good, the majority was good. Well, something that I really like, that I see a lot in Colombians men, is that they seem more safe. They are not as happy as a drama. The truth is, something that I really like is in their world. And they also make a woman like a concentration in her world and not so much. I don't know, looking for problems or insecurities, I feel that they are also well, well, they are not more faithful, but I don't know, they are in their world, they are not bothered or with a girl or another girl, they are not so cute. They are not so cute, in reality, like Latin culture. Ah, ok. So, what are the worst things with your nobils? Ah, I would say that the worst is that I have to do more... Ah, the men with the worst things have to be more intense, so it's not used to be. They write to each other one by one, or... Well, yes, and they are not so attached. But I don't like that because they are not doing their things, so they are not. But they are not. But they are for the same reason, because they make you feel more safe. So, you don't need to be so angry all the time. That's something good, yes. Ah, I don't think that something in general is worse, but something that is not the best in the beginning of a relationship, especially when they are two completely different languages, two cultures, as understanding that cultural change, that what a person is normal for someone like Latin, maybe not, and vice versa, I think that is the most critical point of the life. They are a little more sensitive. We, as Latin, have a point of being so, that things are a little more ugly or hard. So, they are angry and they are fast, when they realize what you are saying is not really strong. Simply, it is the way we start. It's the theme of cultures. Hola, ¿cómo estás? Hola, bien, ¿cómo te llamas? Hola, ¿cómo te llamas? Marcella. Marcella? Mucha, muy chulo, ¿cómo estás? Mucha, ¿cómo estás? De doneris. Me de zinc, Colombia. Espera. Ahí está. ¿Qué has gringo acá? ¿Qué has gringo? Haciendo con teres. ¿Cómo es menta? Tiene romeo. Era, ¿cómo? Tendría un novio extra-nero. Sí. ¿Qué crees que estaría las problemas con un novio extra-nero? ¿Qué muchas chicas les gusten? ¡Qué es eso! ¿Cómo se dice? ¿No crees que estaría por el problema cultural con... No? ¿Exerreneros con... ¿Ablas inglés? No. ¿No crees que estaría por el problema que no habla inglés? No. ¿Entonces tendría un novio que no habla español? No, tendría que hablar algo de español. ¿Qué estoy estudiando inglés? ¿Qué es aprender inglés? En ese momento, se estudió inglés todos los días. ¿Cómo estás? A la enayuda. ¿Cómo estás? En la cinta de Colombia. Ah, muy bien. ¿Qué te prefería vivir en Colombia o el país de tu casa? En Colombia. ¿Qué es el problema cultural con un novio de español? Bueno, depende del país donde sea, pero me gusta mucho Colombia. Es un país donde es Lima, me gusta, me gusta la gente, me gusta. ¿Cómo estás en inglés? My English is good, I think. So we could have done this interview in English. You don't have problems with communicating with your boyfriends. No, that's another thing that I think most couples have troubles with, because the communication is not really good. But I understand perfect what he said to me and what he think or how he wants to express it. And I understand perfect perfectly. But I think it's the most the way how I speak to him, that he thinks most of it is angry. And I think that Latin women are always more temperamental or angry at the time. But it's not that we are just more straight to it. Okay, direct. Mass direct. I think that most of your country, from your side or in the Netherlands, people try to say that things are more soft, so they don't offend people. But we are not really that direct. Yeah, exactly. We say that if you don't like it, it's okay. If you like it, it's okay. We don't really, that is what we don't really have problems about that. You just say that and if you get a majority, you can't hear me. How is your English? Uh, uh, uh, it's not very good. No, you can't be Spanish. No, no, no, no, no, I'm not so much like I'm focused on other things, but it's not good. Because uh, he's her boyfriend, he's a really good Spanish. Yeah, my boyfriend has me speaking Spanish at all. Uh, I'm very focused on helping my boyfriend. I try to run a little bit. I try to run a little bit. Um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, uh, uh, go out. I try to go out 100%, How much though? Yeah, it's out, much more good stuff. Yeah. So, yeah. How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? That's it for this video today. If you liked this video, be sure to hit that like button. It helps the YouTube algorithm. And subscribe to see any future travel related videos. Also let me know in the comments section below if you agree or disagree with any of these opinions that you've heard based on your personal experience. So that's it for today and I'll see you in the next one.