 You got your grandma there. You got that one cousin that you clicked tight with. You got your little nephews in them there. Come on man. You got that one relative that looks like a celebrity from the 80s. Come on man. I'm enjoying Lionel Richie. See? Sing for me just to be close. What's good y'all? It's a douchebag. It's a react in real back with another video. Who we got to this week? Today we're back with another American reaction. Super excited about this video. If you knew to us and we knew to you, make sure you scroll down. Hit that subscribe button and turn on the post notification bell. Because we're on the road to 200k. And we cannot get there without you guys. Join the family without further ado. Let's get into the video. Let's get it. We're at the top from the top. Whenever people think of Asia, they think of the great Wall of China, Tokyo, Chinese food, sushi, Bruce Lee, Yoko Zuna. Let me stop this real quick and break the narrative real quick. We only think of places that we've never seen because they showed us things we grew up on on TV. And I think that's just basic knowledge of what we know. We don't really know. We don't know what they showed us. Because if you have a Benz America, that's all you know about a place where a person. That's why it's us to find out the information that we don't know. You can travel. So just have that in your mind. When y'all don't know about a certain thing and all y'all know is based off which I saw on TV without real interaction, you kind of got to take the old grin as well. Everything. Everything. Even these videos. And the list goes on. But what if I were to tell you that the first people to inhabit many parts of Asia some tens of thousands of years ago were actually a bunch of black people. And these brothers and sisters still live in many parts of Asia until this day. That's right. I'm here in the Philippines and I'm here with the IITA tribe. They're the first ones that migrate out of Africa and here in Asia. So when we say this pan-African love, we really mean it. Like give me five. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. First of all, let me clear this up real quick. Man. I was watching this little documentary of, and I know you don't want to like dive too much into slavery. But I was watching this documentary of how the slave casters would interact with, you know, these people before they've made them their slaves. And the height difference was so, so different. Like the black people was really like four, nine, like really short. And I'm looking at their height. And these are adults. These are, you know what I'm saying? So for him to say that these are the, you know, the first people was like how they came about as in the third. It just took me back to that moment. Oh, they was like really some very short people. Very, very short people. Yeah, but it, I guess it depends on which location, you know, because they're really, really tall people. You know, but what I find interesting is that in all of the videos, nearly all of the videos that we react to when we're speaking about the diaspora, I see people that I, that looks like people I know. I feel like that every time. Every time. Looks like a person I know. I mean, not you mentioned it. The guy over in the arms, we like somebody. Oh, they look like my cousin. I'm for the same guy that I knew back in church. Oh, yes, if I tell you going to be like, wow, I tell you right now. Oh, man, what's this name? Oh. I see the resemblance. Okay. I'm on the black hand side. Yeah. Oh, he's funny. It ain't just so far. I like the video though. I'm just bringing in some heat. Yeah. I'm just bringing in some heat. Oh, they're here. In a trip to the Philippines, I visited the Iators, which is one of the many groups of Africans that migrate to many parts of Asia. Some 20,000 to 70,000 years ago. Iators are one of the Nigrito tribes of the Philippines. They're called Nigrito's, which literally translates to little Negro or little black person. Sorry, if you don't mind if I told you, the Negro is a big one. And taller one than a Nigrito because they're the gritos. Oh, again, my journey in Manila and drove a few hours to their village in Subi. I hired a taxi driver to take me there. You were using the word wrong this whole time. It's a tight difference for it. Well, we just hit the bottom line straight. You know what I'm saying? Like, yeah, you're going to put it on camera. You know how we get down. But in other locations, they're using for a high reference. Wow. Okay. Different. And to also be my cameraman. I had no way of getting in contact with these groups of people beforehand. So I had no idea if they were embracing or not. Now, they stay in a village off the beaten path in Subi. It takes a bit of a hike just to get there. But when I arrived, they showed her brothers so much love. They even let me stay in their village for one night. And staying at their village was like being at a family reunion with all the familiar characters. You got your aunties there. Okay. And you got your grandma there. You got that one cousin that you clicked tight with. You got your little nephews in them there. Come on, man. You got that one relative that looks like a celebrity from the 80s. Come on, man. I'm enjoying my own original. See? Say for me, just to be close. To you. You're good, buddy. And let's not forget that funny but crazy uncle that still thinks he's a player. He's just a very strong buddy. But the all-body is very strong. You know, he's just a very strong buddy. No! No! My wife. My wife. This is very strong. I'm all out of comedy comedy. This is too strong. In the Philippines alone, there are over 25 different nirguido tribes with a population of over 15,000 people. The village I'm staying at has over 300 families in Subik with over 1,000 people. The community has structure and governance to it with the chief as the leader and then seven elders to have checks and balances to that chief. So if there are any disagreements or beasts within the community, these guys immediately squash it. And some of the nirguidoes are what you would call pure nirguidoes. I'm pure bloody pizza. While some are mixed with half nirguido, half Filipino. It's like me. I am in half and then I have a husband in Subik, Filipino. The diet consists of foods like wild boar, deer, yams, mushrooms, bananas, rice, dried fish, and of course, honey. As they love their honey, y'all love y'all honey. But as y'all can see, even the food is like really the yams took it away. The yams. I'm not a universal. I got to give them yams. But, yeah. But, yeah. But, yeah. Now, while I was staying there, they were able to show me some of their traditional dances. And tell me about some of their other traditions of their ancestors, like bearing the dead within trees. Before they say that they had to, so that the bark of the tree put the dead, dead loved ones. But, yeah. But, yeah. But, yeah. So, they were used to talk of the tree. You can't get it. Yeah. Just like a boat. Yeah, just like a boat. Oh. So, they were performing just like a boat anyway. Yeah. So, like they would put the person that saw it like this. Yeah. Ah. The one interesting part of this trip is that I asked them about their past and they did not really record much of their history, which means most of their history is forgotten past the mid 1900s. And they were trained the United States military on jungle survival during the Vietnam War. I'm not getting any info on this. Well, I get it. And this is hard work. It's like a matter of, why is it not? It was fire. It's a different languages we have. It's like, fuck it, fire. Yeah. I need my hands on it. Oh, thank you. Yeah. Oh, nice. I'm not a liar. Come on, man. It's a movie star. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's great. Yeah. You know what movie star? I hear, yes. If this is your first bro, hold up. Wait a minute. Go check out the channel. Go check out the channel. I need a diar. How you say that? A-E-T-A. A-T. I-A-T. I-T-A. It doesn't sound how it spills. I-T. I don't think... Let's go to I-T. The I-T of people. Go check out his channel. I love his narration. It reminds me of everybody hates Chris. Oh, yeah. So, go check out the channel. Oh, it's not bad. This is interesting man. I learned something new every single day. Yeah Yes, it's not really was Like a family On cuz that you gotta say okay, that's no And he could easily put like a sad emotional, you know track behind the whole visual And he could have made it more common everything But he put a upbeat and the people were smiling and I think when he spoke to who they were You know, I'm saying let them show their light Not everybody just because they're not from your neck of the woods has a sad lifestyle Are they going through something these people show so much energy? Right it definitely look like a reunion. They already have a family unit going on Okay, facts you could tell the do stand on like morals and principles to like this cheese with the With the I forgot how he explained it, but he said they had the one chief and had the seven Checking balances with the ladies and they handle business They're the government system. Okay, I was story ain't just said you know, we gotta take a We are and just keep going but that spirit don't Yeah, we do carry like a very strong like spirit with love and being a heartful people like we had that with Yeah, so this is a cool video We hope you guys enjoyed it with us like this video subscribe Turn on the post notification bell. We have in they would our super thanks if you like for the channel that way as well as our reaction Request for him is in our description box below. We'll see you soon. Peace You You