 Hello! Hey! How are you? Welcome back to everybody to another Philippines reaction. What are you going to do, your intro from that one? It's a Philippines! Thank you that. Yeah. It's a Philippines! It's going to be every intro now. Yeah. So we don't have a dog this time. No, we don't have a dog. Just pretend he's here. Oh, I'm over. But yeah, today we have 14 reasons. The Philippines is different from the rest of the world. What could it be? What could it be? That they eat balloote. Balloote. Should we eat balloote? I think we're going to eat some balloote. No, I'm sorry. We're scared to eat balloote. If we get 100,000 subscribers, we'll eat balloote. Yeah, whatever that happens. So never. Yeah. I'm sorry. I don't have scared. I don't want to eat a little dog, baby. We can get what? We should say we're going to eat it for the video. And then we just like, nah, never mind. And then we let it grow. And then we have baby dog. Baby dog! Good pet, baby dog. I don't know. It's like fermented baby dog or something. Oh, you're actually already dead. Yeah. Yeah. 100,000 subscribers will eat balloote. We'll do it. Yeah, we have 14 reasons. What? Reason why it's different than the rest of the world. If you enjoy, be sure to subscribe. Like the video. Let us know what else you want to see in the comments below. Yes, please. A tons of stuff to react to. So let us know. But here we go. Let's do this. So it's shorter one than last time. About an eight minutes. Here we go. Wow. That'd be cool. This is one of those. What if I told you there is a country where over 175 languages are spoken. I would be the Philapines. More than anywhere else in the world. And boxing fights directly influence crime rates. Wow. It sounds pretty much unbelievable. But it's all true in the Philippines. 14. There are more than 175 spoken languages. There are two official languages in the Philippines. Filipino based on Tagalog and English. Yeah. Filipino is the most commonly spoken in pop culture language. And the government of the country uses English in their work. By the way, the Philippines are number five on the list of the world's top English speaking populations after US, India, Pakistan and the UK. India's not here. Or this sounds pretty plain and ordinary. But in fact, the diverse linguistic groups living in the country use over 175 languages for their internal communication. Since many of them exist only in spoken form, it's impossible to calculate the exact amount. Wow. Gee. That's so crazy. We'd be traveling to each island and we would like have no clue. Yeah. The languages on the signs would be different. We would be like, uh, uh. 13. Their capital is the most densely populated city in the world. Really? What? Really? That's surprising to me. I felt like those Indians. Yeah. I felt like Mumbai and stuff. Or I guess there's not one complex I saw that it's literally just building. Tall building, tall building, tall building. It's like a small thing. I'm sure that's the most densely populated area. Yeah. I think that's crazy. Yeah. It's interesting. The nation's capital Manila and its 16 surrounding cities that make up the Metro Manila area have a population of 12.8 million people. During the daytime, this number gets way higher since many people come here to work. And while the number doesn't sound that crazy, take note that all these people live and work in an area of 16.56 square miles. What is it? This makes the population density equal to 111,000 two people per square mile. And that's five times higher than in Mumbai or Paris, for example. Like the... 12. They have churches in shopping malls. What? Shopping malls aren't merely a place where you buy stuff for Filipinos. They are safe air-conditioned community hubs with gyms, health clinics, concert halls, night clubs, parks, and even churches inside. So it's no surprise that they are the favorite place to meet up with friends for so many locals. And three of the world's 10 largest shopping malls are located in the Philippines. They are mega fashion mall of SM Megamall, SM City North EDSA, and SM Mall of Asia. These are all of the famous films. 11. Filipinos are the number one texting nation in the world. That's crazy. Where's no Filipinos? All that's all Americans do is... Or a Snapchat. True, I wonder. Yeah, Snapchat is. It's cool. I guess when we go to Manila, we gotta just go shop and do. Yeah. We go to big malls. Meeting up with friends at shopping malls. And when they can't see each other in person, they text. And when they do it, they rarely limit it to, hey, how are you? In fact, they send about 400 million texts a day. And that's around 142 billion texts a year. It's more than the US and Europe put together. That is a little number for a country of 107 million people. 10. They have a unique form of transportation. If you've seen Manila, you'll notice some interesting looking videos. Yeah, I see. They are converted US Army jeeps that stayed in the country after World War II. Filipinos adapted them to transport up to 18 passengers who jump on the jeep knee going in their direction and ring the bell for it to stop. There are about 50,000 jeep knees in Manila, and they all look different. 50 basketball stars, cartoon characters, inspirational quotes, neon lights, and whatnot on them. There are two major problems with jeep knees. Safety concerns and pollution. They produce huge amounts of black smoke. So hurry up if you want to ride before they get replaced with a rapid transit system. Nine. We're gonna get there. One of the islands has more volcanoes than towns. And these Philippines are without a doubt a super scenic location. Among all the islands that are a part of it, Camigain sure stands out, with more volcanoes per square mile than any other island on the planet. The island is 14 miles long and 8.5 miles wide. I wanna see the picture of this. And there's a plane. And there's seven volcanoes and five towns. And even though earthquakes and eruptions shaped it, volcanoes have been deeper sleep since the 50s. So thousands of tourists can safely visit the island these days. If that was it, that looks pretty sad. We gotta go there. Eight. Their national flag has a secret meaning. The national flag of the Philippines has two bands of blue and scarlet, and a white triangle at the hoist with a yellow sun and eight rays. Each of them standing for one province of the country. The yellow star stand for the three largest island groups. Blue Zone, Visayas, and Mindina. Which makes the flag really unique is that it can be reversed to declare a state of war. This happened during the Filipino Revolutionary War of 1898 to 1901, and during World War II in 1941 to 1945. Seven. Boxing directly affects crime rates in the country. Interesting. Filipinos love boxing and are crazy about their most famous boxer, Manipackia. Whenever he fights, the whole country is glued to its TV sets. And according to the Philippine National Police, BNP, crime rates in the country drop significantly when he's in the ring. During his 12-round fight against American boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. That went from 9am to 3pm, not a single crime was committed in the whole metropolitan area. It was basically the same during other major fights with the participation of the people's champ, Manipackia. Six. A lot of Filipinos work abroad. It might be because of their flexible and reliable character, or the fact that they speak great English as a second language. But more than 11 million Filipinos work abroad. It's around 11% of the population. And a quarter of all overseas nurses in the world come from the Philippines. Wow. What the heck? That's a lot. That's a lot, huh? Wow. Their rice terraces are the eighth wonder of the world. Now a rice terraces are the oldest in the world. And we're so smartly designed that they still bring a harvest of rice and vegetables, most of which get exported. And it is believed if all the terraces had been built end to end, they would stretch halfway around the world. What? Today these places bring the country more money as a tourist destination than rice plantations, and thus they play an important role for the economy of the Philippines. Four. They produce a lot of coconuts. For years, the Philippines had been the number one producer of coconuts in the world. And even though the leadership now belongs to Indonesia, 153,532,000 tons per year. Oh my gosh. These coconuts are used to make anything from clothing to beauty products. Three. The first European to visit the Philippines was Ferdinand Magellan. Legendary explorer made the first record of the archipelagio among the Europeans in 1521. He founded the first settlement in Cebu, and thus most of the area became a Spanish colony. This explains the fact that around 90% of the population are Christian, unlike most of the country's neighbors. In 1898, the Philippines went under US rule, and later in 1946, became an independent republic. Two. A Filipino made the first karaoke machine. If you love to sing along, you ought to thank Filipino. We was for the first karaoke machine in the world was created in 1975 by Roberta Del Resorra. We should do some extra confliction. He has this synonym system, and even though there were some attempts to claim his creation, he still remains the only patent holder for the karaoke system. One. The population is extremely good looking. Oh, boxing, texting, and shopping, Filipinos are crazy about beauty pageants. It might be the years of American who like the beauty pageants to miss, or whatever they are. They have the most champions or whatever. Oh, yeah, Miss, the University of Roberta Del Resorra was interesting. This love for competitive beauty. Let me show a link, girl. But the fact remains a fact. They have won in all major international pageants 15 times. There were four girls crowned Miss Universe, one Miss World, six title holders of Miss International, and four Miss Earth crowns. The first official pageant was held within the country in 1908. And since 2001, it's not just about beauty, but also for the promotion of environmental protection. Oh, I like it. Would you like to visit the Philippines? Or maybe you've already been there. Let me know in the comments section where you would like to be. Give this video a like, share it with your friends, and click subscribe. I shared this with you. Thank you. Thank you. I hate you. You can't share with anyone now. It's got a poopy and out neck chair. That was cool. I mean, every video, I mean, there's always some crossover from the previous video, but we learn like a new, yeah, we learn like 12 new things. And even the ones that crossover, we still learn new things about those things. So it's always good to have all these different videos. We learn more and more and more. But we need to learn more. So let us know what to learn. Yes, more in the comments. Yeah, I'm, we're glad you guys are enjoying these videos. Yeah. She's like a lot of people from our, uh, Peepop reactions that our main channel came over. And there's some new people that are discovering our channel from this. So we really enjoy them too. Yeah. We like travel, we like all this stuff. Culture, we like learning about this stuff. Yeah. So it's going to be interesting when we start like going different places and actually like experiencing it ourselves. And hopefully you guys will join us on the adventure. Yeah. Anyways, thanks for watching everybody. If you enjoyed, make sure to subscribe, like the video and, uh, leave more suggestions in the comments. See you later. Bye.