 Morning time is 3.45. So we have three minutes. Yep. Okay, we're going to the third flight. Four. Four. Four. Don't go that way. No. No. No. No. Good morning guys. We're already super late. I pick up these downstairs. Right thing's up. Maybe 10-15 minutes late. We gotta go to the airport. We're off to Manila then to Saibou. Go, go, go. We always late. Thank you so much. Thank you guys. I've been watching your... Oh, thank you so much. I did it. I'm gonna rush back. What are you doing? What are you doing? Open your hearing and you're bad. I'm sorry. If it's not already, rude enough. What are you doing? I'm sorry. You also love to be so mean. It's so mean. It's amazing. Wow, thank you so much. We have a bit of a tour and services. We thank you very much for visiting the Tainas at picture. Thank you. Thank you. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. This Tainas at picture is Beloved Province. Dios Mamades. Wow, nice. Thank you so much, Bizumi. Here we go to the airport. Yay, thank you. Let's say hello to先, if there's a lion. Alright. Is that the lady? Guru了吧, Guru. That it has to be here immediately. And that be here? The most dangerous port in the Philippines is crazy So much history here in Batanes Squatting as the Filipino squatting competition the air put this here and we tried to upload a video and My piece it just went out of battery just as I was putting the public's the video and they're putting it here Little bit stressful and now she went to the souvenir shop and They're calling us up. Why is she doing that now? You know the air place is here and you want to go shopping? Is that the type to shop shop? They're pretty sure Look at this It's cool. What? You put all of that? What? It costs only one thousand It's cool. How much stuff did you get? That is a beautiful. I like that one. That's a good one. I like this one. Yeah, I love souvenir so much. Nice. It's so many here too. More? What's up? How much stuff is there? Only Shirley goes shopping in the souvenir store after they started calling into the flight She really knows the Filipino time as to sure On hold guys You get that? She's just being hold because of the winds. What about our connection flight? The bad news is we got a delay That's mother's nature problem and we can see we can actually see outside like the clouds look very low So it's like a low pressure now I think So what we have to do now is just think about something Very positive. I can reply to comment and just upload a video. It's a lot of things to do And someone's doing shopping here A late shopping here A late shopping Small latte guys. We've been here for like two hours at least Still waiting no update. Just waiting While Shirley is editing Inner Filipino posture I think I might take a nap on the floor and I will give you updates soon. All right, we got another update Our connective flight has been with you for PM But we still don't know when this airplane is going to leave It's just hanging out there waiting because all the air pays landing and flying But our pay is just there and they're saying it's the wind so I will be waiting here since 8 a.m. and now it's over 12 and Yeah, it's been a great day As due to the delayed flight so they giving us a complement lunch What? What? We just got the food. The literally just came as the food He's going to eat it Oh, he didn't play. Sure. We can do that. Yeah, sure. All right, let's go to the plane. Only three and a half hours delay this time. Nice one, let's go Thank you. All right, welcome to Madela We got about one hour to Change to another terminal. Are we going to make it? Yes All right, we've got to find the ground stuff And they're going to assist us to the transfer area Yeah, I'm going to the next slide What time to play? 4 312, 312 We're in for a pass for 4 3, 3, 8, and we're left for 5 Let's end the way Where is the car? We have to go now We're going to do a lot of things But the car is going straight So it's the shuttle, right? We're going to the shuttle We're coming here so we're asking Are we already checking? The reason behind the late flight earlier was that Overweight from the recommendation Lane is so short And if there's too much wind against us The plane might not be able to take off So it's a safety concern And nothing else than that So that was great job, safe and specific Keep it going safe One hour off to the shuttle Thank you, ma'am To the next pass Yeah You're welcome You're welcome Love your hat I think we were connecting flights But I think My god, we're running so late We got the ticket so it's the time The boarding time is 3.45 3.42 So we have three minutes? We don't mind my hat Alright, made it through the security 1338 Almost there Wow, what a perfect timing We're exactly when they start boarding Holy moly Where are you going, man? Actually, you gotta use one minute They call it inside, one minute What? What a breath is that? What a coincidence That's hilarious Did you see breath? No, you saw breath You saw breath Or you scape When are you gonna see that? I'm so glad Are you flying back to the pool? I'm going to sit for a second second yeah I'm heading to Quir Hula's Oh, and then back to KG, my new home Oh really? Alright guys, fighter boys is coming up Necessy bread over here Oh, just peep that out Okay, see you there I see a rough man Great news, the luckiest is on the plane We were gonna thought we have to wait until 8pm for the luckiest to arrive on the next flight What is here? Oh, hey, what's up? What? What's the same? St. Shirt? Yes, do you have a seat? Yes, wow It's good to know Are you saying I'm wearing a girl shirt? No, it's not, it's good to be a unit actually You know what? Now that you have the same shirt as mine Am I wearing a girl shirt? No, I'm just a boyish one What did you do to a shirt, lad? You make me wear a girlish one What are you guys, a picture of me? That's a shirt I've never seen a shirt like this We'll fight if we made it Okay, it was stressful Actually, we haven't eaten anything Says what? Good morning And it's 4pm So weird breakfast, that's seven Alright, we'll see you guys in Sebu We're still in Manila guys We've been waiting for 50 minutes I suppose to leave at 4, but it's 4.50 Or 4.49 How are you doing, Shirlen? I'm just looking good There's so many tails Looking at my toes I can define myself as a mermaid Trying to get to Sebu Says, he had a car It's 9 hours 9 hours It's going great, see you in Sebu Thank you And we're finally back home in Sebu What a journey After two weeks We'll have a word or two with you guys back home And we'll have our final words for About that strip It's really What's your name? Diana Marie Diana Marie Johanna Marie, where are you from? No, why? You should be in the plane You speak so good English I thought you were from some other place Daddy like you Thank you so much How long did you take? You see those girls? Yes, this is so cute Actually when we went into the airplane earlier She showed her that nice While she was sitting, we were walking on the aisles And I was like, go get faith Go get faith, it was so nice And then we went on a restroom And I was like, what did you really? Hello Hey, Ken Hi, Kristine How are you? We're so tired We're at the airport And I was looking good What a trip Oh my, it's so good to be back I even forgot where I put my cups No, I want your lunch Coffee After two weeks, finally back We were a little bit longer though Yeah Bountaine of youth and Moulouse Next time guys We would love to stay more longer in But Diana is better and fortunately As we have more plants to do back here in Seaboo So that's why we need to come back Speaking about that, we're going to Bohol And about two days we're going to go to Like a beach cleanup We're always up for that You don't have a drink coffee So we're going to be joining up with Jackson Groan He has the Adventure Back movement Today was obviously a very travel-hectic day And once again The time of delays kicking really I think I have some sort of a curse guys I always get delayed Wherever I go in the Philippines Actually, I never tried to be delayed Like superlative I'm always delayed You know what the worst part is seeing all the airplanes Come and go from Basqueton Yeah! Well our airplane is hitting there Just and we're not going But it had nothing to do with Seaboo Just want to make that, I don't want to bash on them This was completely all related to the weather And they also calculated the weight of the plane And the luggage and exceeded the recommended limit By the airplane Manufacturer And that's just them keeping safety for us And what? And then we get to Manella And we get into the airplane And of course We sit on the runway for like 1.5 hours Why? Why are we just sitting there? Traffic! Traffic on the runway My recommendation for that is Never get a flight in afternoon in Manella Seems like every six of them Afternoon flights in Manella No matter like it's 99.6% chance that They're going to be delayed It's delayed That's why when I went to Manella before I always took a flight like early morning or last Anyways, but we're back in Seaboo So good to be back And we want to end up the video by saying It was an amazing trip I wish I'd gone earlier to the botanist to be honest And we would like to say thank you so much for everyone who was sending a prayers What? Just keep going I'm so tired Yeah, I'm dead for you I'm dead at the vlog Yeah, keep the day list going Yeah, we would like to say thank you so much for everyone who was sending us a prayers for a half a good trip So far it was really amazing The weather was perfect Like, I would just be lucky in that time Karma guys, we got the good weather But the bad delays You know? It's okay! The most important is We show them how really beautiful the botanist is It's so amazing I don't want to brag but it was tough You know, we did like 14, 13, 14 videos And every single day we went down We filmed and we managed to produce I don't think I dropped the quality of the videos Like I thought it was going to happen by doing daily So I hope you noticed that Or appreciated that the quality is dead the same So we want to try to continue that So we're going to make a couple of videos about botanists in the commentation And simple While we're kind of settling down Before our next trip And how much it costs Because there are half business speculations And words out there And it's expensive And yeah, you might be shocked We're going to reveal everything We spent the showdown Yeah, we wrote everything down So we got bohol I think Boracay is coming up And we're doing a scoop of that mission Did you know this? Everything is big Bantayan, Boracay Botanist, Balabak It was so many fees Boracay Been rambling on for too long I hope you enjoyed the botanist series Thank you so much for this support And love And I send my thanks to the Iva Thames Iva Thames, like really You guys touch me? No, we will pay for the break For me it's okay Maybe sometimes you come back here Like a friend or other real friend This is so favorite We hope to come back to botanist We will We will Until next time guys