 The second semi-finals from Africa and Asian Pacific! Philippines, baby! Let's go! It looks like you lost another one. Hey YouTube! Welcome back to the Hacker Lifestyle! It's your boy Chris Hoppier bringing you another YouTube video and today I am with my boy Nick in the building! Hi y'all doing today! My name is Nick. I'm a director and producer for Janagan's Productions. You can catch on Instagram, at Janagan's Prob, that's Janagan's PROD. You go to catch the full clothing brand and let the Janagan's begin. That's L-E-T-D-A. Janagan's begin. But we're not here for me today, so let's get right into it. Yes sir, so today I got a special request from a Instagram comment on my picture and it was actually a viewer that checked out my NALO reaction from EasyMilt that you did. Shout out to her, her name is Erica. Make bright, I think I'm saying that right. But shout out to you and I usually don't do this, but I will do it for the first time and I know we got some guys in here that would love to see some beautiful women. We're going to check out Katriona Gray, Miss Universe, Jurassic 18. Highlights. I guess she's doing a full performance. I don't know exactly what this is, but she requested it, so I will be doing this. Actually we will be doing this. I'm excited. I'm excited because I love beautiful women. I'm saying beautiful women from around the world, Miss Universe, you know, I have a beautiful life. I'm not in your life. My mom used to watch this when I was a kid. And I was like, man, look at Puerto Rico. Look at the Philippines. Look at Brazil. And it's just so many beautiful men out there. Shout out to all the gorgeous women out there in the world. I am single by the way. He's single by the way. So, hey man, you know, even want to hit me up on his IG. I'm just a little bit of a fool. Hit us up. Alright, y'all. But enough of us talking. Let's get right into this reaction. But before we do, don't forget to like, comment, subscribe, and turn on those post notifications and join the HabitLite Salt family. Let's go. We're on the road to 10k. Alright, y'all. Let's get right into it. Philippines. Philippines. Philippines. Philippines, gooooo. The way she just shrought together, I'm not surprised. Defense właściwie. I know that that's my heart. You're all happy to see me. Yeah, yeah. You're all happy to see her. You said she was looking for you. You're going to write a song about your experience with this universe. What would you call it? Well, you know what Steve? As a Miss Philippines, I've always felt the love and the support of the Filipino people. And I think I've got all of my country here tonight. And so I love making songs raise your flag because I stand for not as one, but as a hundred and four million. Whoo! Hundred and four. Shout out to y'all Philippines. Y'all are very supportive. And I see the fanfare for real. I know, man. All of them. Working in some of the poorest areas of my country, I found that it was a lack of child support, not poverty that killed their dreams. A child went to meet Heather. Man, not only she beautiful, but she's very articulate, man. She's very articulate, man. She's very smart. She's doing great things in the world out here. Not only is she beautiful, like I said, hey, man, she's beyond that. She's smart, beautiful. She has a great personality. I'm messing with Miss Philippines. And I really appreciate what you're saying, man. She's talking about things beyond just, you know, the problem isn't necessarily poverty. The problem is the children don't have support. And she's bringing up a really big point that poverty is one issue. But then another issue is like these children who are in poverty have no access to anything. Once you get in that cycle, there's no getting out of it. And it's like once you can't even help the children who are in poverty, you can't even give them proper tools, the proper things they need. There's no hope for them. Ever. They can never get out of where they're at. They're stuck there without what they have. They're limited resources. Exactly. So, they miss A. Miss Universe, Miss Philippines over here. She knows what she's talking about. Let's go. I don't know if you're going to realize that those dreams are meant for me. But I stand here today because someone believes in me. And we owe it to our children to believe in them. Couple of half. Couple of half. Couple of half. Couple of half. Couple of half. And she wants. And the one who gives. Yes, Philippines, baby. She is there. She is there. Let's go. Philippines, I don't want to be with you. She is. One of my times at the music. Look at her. Horrible. Everything else wants it. All ballet, too. My mom told me that even when I'm in the room, like I was standing, covering it. I've been only a child. I'm very close to my parents. Especially my dad, you would always say that the longest dream side is of the single step. When you have a dream or an audition. And that's Beatles for the theater. I just wish you were tired for looking over the beautiful. I'm not a white human in it. It's just one step at a time. One minute. Look up from your beautiful, I mean, she's in love. I don't have the peace of the virus on my dad, but I feel I'm going to apply my whole life. She got a beautiful smile. I repeat this. And she got a little bit of... Keep tall though. I don't know how I'm going to apply for it. I'm going to. And then she goes on with Lindsey giving us that great face, and she's doing the smile. It's the smile for me. It's the smile for us, y'all. We love beautiful smiles. I ate all the female out there. To win my heart, you guys smile like Miss Philippines over here. Honestly. Oh, wait. Ew, look at that dress. What? She's gorgeous, girl. She's, hey, that dress is fine just like her. That's all I got to say. Hey, she better win Miss Philippines at the day. I'm hearing, hearing, hearing, hearing, hearing, I love it. They are loving her, by the way. Honestly, the thing is, hey, we're loving it. She's the thing. I'm your fan, I'm your fan, favorite. If you're watching this Miss Philippines, I don't love your Miss Philippines, I keep saying that. But I think you're the winner. Number three is... Yes! Philippines again! Oh, my. Number three is... Hey, what up? She better win number one? Well, I mean, I think he's picking the spots he's like, let everybody know that they're going on in the contest. Oh, thank you. How are you? I'm good to see you. You have a little self-aware. You're very good. You laughed too? He's so cute. You're gorgeous. Recently, Joe and I were going as a second nation in the world to make marijuana legal. What is your opinion on the legalization of marijuana? So this is going to be sad if we can do it. I can't do it. It was fine. I hope you have a response to the way that we're thinking and I had that V1 and respond. Yeah, I'm not going to say either way. Either way, we're going to kill it. We're going to kill it. You're still cool. I still don't matter what you say. You're beautiful. Whatever you say. If you say it's the worst thing you can do. She's your opinion. I understand exactly. Everybody's entitled to it. There you go. And I'm not good judge. I just don't feel like me for it. Everybody, everybody is going to be having either side. You know, you need to pick the left side or the right side. So left side is saying, yo, I'm against legalizing marijuana. Right side is saying, man, I'm all for it. Let's see which one she decides to go for. I'm for it being used in a medical use, but not so for recreational use because I think if people are worried about alcohol and cigarettes, so everything is good in moderation. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. I agree. I agree. I agree. For a specialist, with a chance to take the best... Real quick, though. Look at how much she stands out here. She ain't playing. She's not playing. I don't know. I don't know. She's not playing. They're all pretty, but look at the dress decision. They've been silver, silver, silver. She picked. She wants to stand out from the crowd, bro. No, no, no, I am. I am. She was still a... I'm saying, miss Philippines. You're doing alright by me, baby. Hey. You're doing alright by us. Thank you, honestly. I don't know about you. Obviously. The first crowd is... Philippines, baby. Philippines. Philippines. Yes. Look at her. You won? You will. You won. I see you going to see her. I got to do some cookies. I'm so shocked. I know you. I know you're going to see her. None of us are shocked. Congratulations. Congratulations. Sorry, I'm sorry. Okay, get ready. Here's the question. I'll be the same way if I'll be a hunter. You've learned in your life. And how would you apply to your time as Miss Universe? I work a lot in the slums of Tonto Manila and the life there is very... It's poor and it's very sad. And I've always taught myself to look for the beauty in it. To look in the beauty and the faces of the children. And to be grateful. And I would bring this aspect as a Miss Universe to see situations with the silver lining. And to ask us where I could give you the opportunity to be a hunter. And to be grateful. And to be grateful. And to be grateful. And to be grateful. And to be grateful. And to be grateful. And to be grateful. Bro, she goes, I need to be in Miss Universe. She needs to be a president. I like her standout. Or some type of man, some type of like humanitarian, something. Bro, she's a wonderful person, bro. And she really cares about the children in the future. That's a wonderful thing there. I like her answers too, you know what I'm saying? Like, she sees both stances, but... I like this answer right here. I grew up from a not in the best condition. You know, but you know, I always see the beauty in things. That's a beautiful thing to say Something about miss Philippines I Just I love you. You can have my heart baby Yeah, bro, she all you I Provide something as a spokesperson and this I think if I could teach also people to be grateful We could have an amazing world where maybe two people could not grow and foster and children would have a smile on their faces You don't know That was good. You don't grab the mic Okay, you know, I think it's how she taught me That's hurt That's not bad, but Philippines something about his Beautiful Which one are you I would be like you know my decision guys It's all about miss Philippines. South Africa looks beautiful as well But miss Philippines she is just a a like what easy no sense Something about agents man Great do everything great and you can tell by this my miss universe. It's just loving her You know and I don't blame them because she is just Very tired she said she grew up, you know into music Unfortunately, you know she grew up in like an impoverty like area But like she sees the beautiful things in life the way she's Sass her words her looks It's just everything it's just so graceful, you know honestly Please please You Know Like Ay Ay Baby I She already got the beautiful dress I'm saying that's off in the crowd Everybody pick why you don't hate you can't you pick a beautiful As you know as little bit her she's so beautiful. She's very beautiful man. That's my own like deep That was awesome that was awesome I appreciate you for recommending this Definitely good watch I enjoy I just said I never really watch movies before either I do reactions I do mostly music reactions, you know, I've done a movie trailer But this is my first ever reaction to this universe or anything like this a pageant you know, yeah But look at her man, that's miss universe. That's my lady right there. That's my wife baby Yeah, I love my Filipino That's actually grab I believe So plus size model you guys See The pins you deserve it Hey, that's my girl. Oh my hold on hold up baby hold on put it right She was doing her thing She was doing her thing I hope you guys enjoy this I know I did I I enjoyed it to this but I do this Philippines was doing her thing From her looks to her personality You just presence bro. I think Filipino but I'm done from the last few reactions, you know, cuz I've done You know, I'm Filipino art or you know just people from Philippines They're very very like a couple people Yeah, you know, I mean that Honestly, that was a pregnant because I had homies and I know you have a few friends there are Filipino as well And it's like you can just tell by the characteristics like one of my best friends. I caught her my twin She's for the cheese Filipino the set her parents are from the Philippines You know the least she's from California, but her parents are from the Philippines and You know shout out to my my twin Christine Thegrasia. Yes, I shot it you out. Okay, so I hope you like this as well But hey, I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna text you that thing is like yo, I shot you on this I'm the reaction video, but man what what's your last word? I mean, I know you know I know I thought I was really beautiful and like I said this is a little bit different than norm that I do on my channel But I if you want me to do another reaction to miss universe Let me know in the comment section below hit that like button And subscribe turn up turn on his post notification, right? Um, yeah, I'm other than that. I guess I was it. Uh, I guess Thank you again. Thank you all thank you universe. Thank you for recommending this to us guys very great time Yes, sir, so hey peace love and positivity until next time peace I So