 What we did at the five in the morning, yes? Leaving Thailand. No! I just feel weird man. I've got that funny feeling in my stomach, stomach ache, but I could be the pack of power weight last night. Anyway, let's go. Well, we have just had the most eventful morning and by eventful, I mean stressful. We rocked up to our flight two and a half hours early and then we stood in the mother of all cues for Thai airways. It was so long that I was actually worried we were going to miss the flight while we were in the queue. I even had to ask the man, like I said, the man this queue is really long but we've been in here a long time. I think we're going to miss our flight. He said no, you're not going to miss your flight. Don't worry. The airlines are checking everyone in. It's just long all the time. So we got to like 20, 15 minutes before the flight and then they pulled us aside to go into a separate queue because they were starting to get worried that we would actually miss it. We give her all the passports and the documents and she says to us that there's no booking under our names. My heart dropped and she said that. I was like, what? So what? Come again. We both looked each other like, what? So we just said no, we do have a booking. We booked it last night. We paid the money, we've given the phone that showed all the confirmation. It had the booking number, the flight number, the codes, everything. And then she said it's been cancelled. So we're frantically looking through the booking, the emails and then we come across the spam folder. And in there is an email from the travel agency we booked with. In Spanish. In Spanish to begin with and then in English, I'd tell her why. English was like right at the bottom, it was like Spanish, French, and English was underneath. Sorry, there was a problem processing the payment. Even though they took the money out of the account and we got confirmation they was booked. They cancelled it with the airline essentially. At 3.30 in the morning. 3.30 in the morning. So that put us in a little bit of a pickle. It's not the airlines for obviously but it's just such an annoying thing to be queuing for that long. And we even have a flight booked and we had no idea obviously. We literally could put nearly two hours just to be told we couldn't even get on the flight. But anyway, onwards and upwards we are getting a refund for that one anyway. And we managed to get ourselves booked on the next flight to the Philippines, which is with Philippine Airlines. Which I'm really excited about because it feels more authentic to go with Philippine Airlines to the Philippines. It does. So I'm looking forward to it. So that was our original flight was 8.25 in the morning. This one is 12.30. So we've been waiting a while today. Waiting a while. It's been a bit of a roll the poster. Not only that, when we tricked in, we paid for our flight and put Philippine Airlines. We had a queue up, we checked in nice and early. And we got told that we had to fill in a one-health pass. So yeah, we had to basically leave the queue. She said we can just come back to her, don't have to queue again. We had to leave the queue, get out the laptop because we had to upload documents to the registration board. It was a long process. It took about 45 minutes. So luckily we were there early. We checked in. And then here we are. We are here. We've gone through security, gone through passport control. We've had a burge king because we were so hungry and you know when you're just that hungry. The first thing you see in life, right? I've just got to. I'm just glad to be airside. We should have been learning in the Philippines half an hour ago. But you've got to look at the positives. Or lucky we are flexible. So it's not a problem. It's just a bit of a fact. But yeah, we are just walking through towards our gate now. There should be boarding. Any minute now. The train came true. Waking up last night. Walking down the line. Alright. Three and a half hours. Let's go. Let's go. I can't get it out of my head. Falling asleep in the stand. It's a long way down at the speed of sound. Oh my love. What's on your mind? Oh, thank you. We're in the Philippines. It's just like Thailand. That was super simple. Gave her the barcode for the health pass, the vaccine, the stifika and the ATK result. Done. finished outside. So easy. So quick. The only thing that took long and it was annoying was the baggage claim. That was like half an hour away. But other than that, we've got to now get a SIM card, change the money and then get a taxi into town. I've got to save my mark. Thanks very much. Oh my god, I love the money. It's like monopoly. It's amazing. Hi. Hi, my name is Dan. So we've managed to get a SIM card. We went with the company Glove and it cost 500 pesos for two weeks. So we just got that two. It starts off. And now we need to get a taxi. So we've heard that Grab works here. So we are opening the Grab app and trying to order one. No Grab by the looks of it. Looks like we might have to go and have a look for a taxi. It was all going so well and now it's time to put a taxi. It's going to be a good hour I think. Well it's either an hour or you get massively ripped off by the people that have taxi available right now. We've heard about three or four times a price. Not today. One eternity later. Oh it's a taxi and I think it's coming for us. Finally. Guys we are finally in a taxi after an hour and a half of waiting. Publarsion. Thank you. That queue just kept getting longer and longer behind us. I feel like all we've done today is queue standing alone and wait. From the first check in to the second check in to the baggage reclaim and the taxi. We're looking at five hours today I think just standing around. Way more than that. But it's all good now. We're heading to Makati which is like a sub district or a sub city I guess you could call it of Manila. The traffic situation here is insane. I thought Bangkok was bad but this is a whole other story. But yeah we've had the longest 24 hours. We came into Bangkok on a overnight sleeper train yesterday morning. And then barely slept through that. Then had a really late night last night and then woke up really early this morning to come to Manila. So yeah we're running on fumes now. Have a need and properly and we need a beer. So we've just rocked up at Red Planet Hotels. We're going to see if they've got any room at the inn. This video turns into a hotel hunt. Alright guys super quick tour of the budget room in Manila $15 a night. We have a large mirror there. A smart TV. Queen size bed. Another big mirror. Flip out desk I think. That's good. We're safe in the corner there. We've got a fan. We've got air conditioning controls over here. And the bathroom. Oh hello. Hello. Very nice shower. Very big. Originally the plan was to go out after leaving our things here and going to explore the local area. But it is so late now off to wait for that taxi and for the baggage. I think we're just going to get some food in and maybe enjoy a nice beer. What do you think? And tomorrow we can't wait to explore Makati in a few other parts of Manila. But for now we'll leave it there. Please remember to give the video a big thumbs up. Hit the subscribe button, the notification bell and we'll see you in the next video. Thank you guys.