 Mailo Milo Milo Milo everyday Maila Maila Maila Maila Maila Maila Maila Maila Maila Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo aksen chalij bethwin, the Nigerian and the libino so guys who don't dive right into the video without wasting much of yat ta, post one is water water wata water wata water sister sister sister sister sister sister sister sister sister sister now initiative sister better better better yes better better better better Mango Mango Mango Mango Mango Batan Botan Botan Botan Botan What's this? Botan Botan Botan Botan Botan What's E? Botan Botan Botan Botan Niko Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Brush Brush Brush Not Bruce Brush What's this? Minicum Vico Vico Vico Vico Vico How do you pronounce it? How do you pronounce it? But you said vehicle before? Vehicle You're a star? Vehicle Is it vehicle or vehicle? Vehicle A accent is vehicle Vehicle So you is a vehicle or vehicle? Almost the same You go with vehicle Vehicle Vehicle Vegetable Vegetable Vegetable Vegetable Vegetable Vegetable Where about the GE? GE? Vegetable Vegetable Vegetable Cotton Cotton Cartoon Cotton Cotton Vitamin Vitamin Vitamin Vitamin Vitamin Vitamin Vitamin Vitamin Young Young Young Young Young Young Young Because in our alphabet, we have NG You have NG? Yeah, NG is Young Young Young Is that Chinese? No, that's Chinese word Young Young In your alphabet, you have NG So how do you pronounce NG? No, no, no, no Young Young Young Young Tomato Tomato You have to make the most love the way you pronounce tomato Tomato Tomato Tomato Tomato Tomato Tomato Tomato Tomato Tomato Tomato Tomato NG NG NG NG NG is NG NG NG NG, OP, you are asking to do this. Sipping alphabet Oh, flipping alphabet NG, NG OP, OP You are asking you, we, WX Tongue You don't have stress Tongue Tongue Niko, are you ready for the last one? No, I am Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Mila Mito. Thank you so much guys for coming to the end of today's video. Did you have fun? Yes, I am. Pat Pat doing this with my beautiful classmate. And she's taking, right? Yes. So, Ashmi, go for honoring the invitation. Thank you for coming to the script for doing this with me. We appreciate it. And we hope to see more of you. Enjoy the video. Please remember to give that video a tanzo. And don't forget to subscribe and hit the notification bell. Thank you. And so, that will be saved. Bye. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out.