 Hello, good morning, good evening and welcome to Big World Cinema. Without further ado, we'll continue with what you're here for. And to ensure this channel survives, please don't skip the ads. Thank you all. Fucker. What's that? England. Yeah. How about you? Thank you very much. I visited Malaysia twice before. First time was in 1988 when I came with a girlfriend after we'd been in India for six months. We visited KL and also some islands on the East Coast such as Tehrman. Then I came again alone in 2008 when I took a boat from Tyre Island to Langkawi. Then visited KL and Panang whilst waiting for my visa for India to be processed. So 15 years ago was my last time. I didn't recognise KL at all. I love cities. I've spent a lot of time in big cities such as London, Tokyo, New York and Bangkok. But KL felt quite daunting for me this time around. Just getting my head around the different transport options. BRT, LRT, MRT plus Monorail and Rapid KL buses plus the KL Free Bus Service. I'm an experienced traveller. But boy, to begin with, I really didn't want to start contemplating how to navigate the transport system. So I walked. Well, I always walk anyway. As walking is always a good introduction to a new city. But I stayed clear of the different transport options. There's so much life going on on the streets. You can never get bored walking around a city. I love it when all the lights come on and the buildings take on a different dimension. I enjoyed being outside, videoing at night. Something I never did in the Philippines. As I didn't really want to roam the streets of Sabu after dark. But also Sabu doesn't have the same visual appeal as other big cities such as Bangkok, Tokyo or Sighon. And it's not like being out. You're going to get cold after sunset. If anything, it gets hotter. But it just feels great being out, wandering the streets in the evening. You lose track of time and suddenly realise it's getting late. So there's my hotel, Hilton Garden. Saturday afternoon, 60 am. The rain has stopped. And I'm on my way to these two imposing towers here. Haven't seen one drop of rain in Vietnam for the whole month I was there. And now back to rainy period in Malaysia, which apparently lasts for another month. So the month I'm going to spend here is a rainy time. So I didn't choose that very well. Looks like I've made a long decision. But hopefully it won't rain all day, every day just for showers. While some indoors editing videos. It's like a nice astro-turf pitch there. Look at that, lovely. Okay, so first impressions are more cars than motorbikes. Having been in Vietnam where there were hundreds of motorbikes on the road. Seems to be more cars here. Hi, Roses. Hi, Roses. I love this sky train. There is no sky train. Where's the sky train when I want to look? So the sky train and this building here reminds me of Bangkok. What does this building here remind you of in Bangkok? What was going to say that this place is so clean compared to other neighboring countries such as Thailand and the Philippines, which will be overflatted with dirt and rubbish. And then I noticed there is quite a bit of a... well not such an extent, but still there. So look at all this greenery in the heart of the city. People say how green, quarry and parrots and it's evident everywhere actually. Having just left my hotel is greenery everywhere. Let's jump on these little scooters that are left at different stations along the road. So I'm going to go to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. No, no, I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. I'm going to the next station. Oh, the first station in the past is the old name in the city of Porn. The first station in the city of Porn. The first station in the city of Porn. Oh, what's that? What's that? The last station. So I'm outside Trade as Hotel in KL. I needed somewhere to park my car. So I was on the way to the park and then I saw these cars. So I shall continue. Where am I? No idea. I think it's hot off walking on the grass. So this is in the model of KL City. It's lovely park. Ah, photo spot. You have to have your photo taken here. You have a different sense of timing as a traveler. I could stay in Malaysia for 90 days on a tourist visa if I wanted to. I wasn't just in KL for a four day break so I didn't feel the urgency to tick off all the tourist sites. I don't like tourist sites anyway. Although I do love visiting them to see how tourists respond to them. Like how important it is for them to have their photograph taken with the patronus towers behind them. Look where I am everyone. Actually I'm contradicting myself as I did this in my last video. But it's not as if I'm taking 200 selfies with any landmarks. Just a video. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. I'm not taking 200 selfies with the patronus towers. Please. Please. Please. Please. Please. Please. Here at BWC we are a sharing community. So could you kindly keep uncle content by sharing this video with your friends? Thank you. Lots of photographers standing around offering their services, another guy here with camera, well, smart phone and a flash. We've moved on from the olden days of having an old fashioned film camera and taking photographs for people. We've moved on from the old fashioned film camera and taking photographs for people. We've moved on from the old fashioned film camera and taking photographs for people. We've moved on from the old fashioned film camera and taking photographs for people. We've moved on from the old fashioned film camera and taking photographs for people. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Please continue. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.Reading or reading salons we have started. Drive to K Invest as much as possible. Stay, dear. It's really crazy. It's a great job. It's amazing. It's crazy. What do you do here? I do not know. You do not know. I do not know. I do not know. I do not know. Chicken with spaghetti, some cabbage, some gravy and some soup. And this is 8-pring it. Which is just over £1.50, so just under $3. Just a quick reminder to please click the thumbs up button if you liked the video or thumbs down button if you did not. Obviously. Thank you. So I've got plenty of time to explore the different districts and check out the layer of the land. You also have a different agenda as a long-term traveler. Well, I do anyway. You may also consider these things when you're on a fleeting visit. But I generally ask questions like, would I want to live here full-time? Where is a good area to live? How does living in KL compare with living in the Philippines, Thailand or Vietnam? Is it safe? How much is condo rental? Short-term, long-term? Is there a supermarket nearby? Do I like the food? Are there a number of different food options in your neighbourhood? As I said, you can stay 90 days on a tourist visa. Then do a border run and spend another 90 days without questions being asked. After that, you'll need to look into a retirement visa. Which has recently gone up by a million per cent. Anyway, this is just a taste of my first few days in KL. I'll be answering all these questions over the next few weeks with my different videos. So stay tuned! If you liked the video, please could you like, share and subscribe. And don't forget to ding the notification bell to see my videos before your friends. See you on the next video. Take care everyone!