 Hey guys Daniel Marsher with Charlie and Michael. What's up? Hey and we got Mr. John Avila here today But he couldn't make it unfortunately we have to make do with Brian Wilson Hey guys, yeah, I might not be John Avila. I might not have the perfect hair and you know chisel chin of John Avila But I'm here anyway to join the guys on another adventure on the streets of Maccati Yeah, and today's adventure is gonna be quite hard So we're gonna need a lot stamina a lot of perseverance and some taste buds Well, you know what at least it's not too sunny, you know We don't need any sunscreen so hopefully I'll be a breeze and I walk through the park. Yeah, so stay with us And let's go on this wonderful adventure So guys we picked up the goodies. I'm gonna see him address suit and boot it like proper salesman But the product is Baloo Yeah, it looks like it look it looks like an egg, but it's not It's good, but not a regular it is Doc fetus Which is a delicacy here and right now it is these are 18 days I'm so excited opening this I feel like a little kid on Christmas day That's what you do but vinegar on it. Yeah, yeah in the shell Come on James I Not bad If you don't think about what you're eating if you don't think that I'm eating baby I'm eating baby I'm eating baby It's actually all right. It's a bit crunchy though. I need to wash my hands Yeah So our plan of action is to go around this area and try to sell below it I think a few people which is not so easy I guess harder than it looks Got a fast gas I Four Okay I Up in disbeliefs. Let's go. If we keep going this way, follow us. Basically, I'm like trying to like practice how to get the right pitch for that ballad shout. I'll give it a go. Ballad! I think when you've got the right pitch and the right voice for it, that's when the customers come running. You got 45 minutes left of daylight. So we're going to do this. God is not so easy selling ballad. Ballad! People seem to be really digging the ballad. What we've learned so far is that it makes you strong. Strong for us to dig the pambalakas. So the main thing always is to find a hard place to whack it against. Ballad! Hello! Ballad! What's the name of the game? It's so strong. What? What's the name of the game? It's so strong. What's the name of the game? I'm not sure. What's the name of the game? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. We've got a lot of fun. What's the name of the game? It's a ballad. These people are loving the ballad. This is how popular ballad is in the Philippines. We're so much to get in Greenbelt. So now the mission is to get people to be in the game. It's going to be a little hard, but... I'm so nervous. Alright, let's do this. We'll see if we can sell it the real way. That's right, shouting ballad to the other one. There's a big crowd. Hey ballad! So far so good. We've got a lot of fun. So far so good. Ballad! I said ballad! It's a very handsome thing you're selling ballad. So yes, we've got lots of customers already. So why? But you know, it's not shocking. Security guys, come up to us. Any trouble with security? The CCTV on that. Not the ballad, but we got a ballad. I asked what are we going to do? We saw a CCTV. We've got another customer. Kuy here here. We want some fresh ballad. There you are, ballad. Hello! What do you think of the ballad? This one is not. No? Sorry, what? How are you guys? Do you agree with him? No, I'm doing okay with him. It's good, it's good. See, this guy looks like this guy. It's good. These guys like it too, through your suit bag. It's good, but it's good. Hey guys, after a long day of selling ballad, so we're now here. Long sweaty day. Anyways, so we learned a lot of stuff today from feeling it, to feeling it. Hey guys, so after a long day of selling ballad, so we're now here. Long sweaty day. from like feeling it, to selling it, to screaming it, to all that it, itting it. So it was a long day. Yeah, well the day started off with us eating the stuff which for me was the first I'd never tried it before. I think Daniel and Miko tried it before. I don't think Charlie had tried it before but yeah so we all tried it at the beginning. You know we can't sell it if we don't know what it tastes like. So yeah I don't know if Charlie enjoyed it as much as we did. I kind of enjoyed it. Less as Charlie in a bit. Poor Charlie. What did you learn about that? Yeah well what I learned during our time to try and sell I mean people were kind of shy they were shy initially. Until Charlie and me perfected our balloons out so you know we screamed a lot of times and people from all over the metro and they came to buy our wares. So Charlie how was your day anyway so far? Yeah it's good I enjoyed it. Kind of tired but yeah I want me eating by the look again for a long time because I really didn't like the taste but you know at least I tried it in it guys but anyway. I enjoyed it. It made some really cool people. Notice how much the Philippines loves Baluat.