 I'm going to show you guys a lot of things. Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Hey guys, it's Jessica here and welcome to the fourth aka the last episode of our ESP series. And for the last episode, we are going to go... Carole! And guys, actually, I plan to do this carole with my other friends all together. I'm my other Korean friends, but it turns out that everyone couldn't, so I'm all alone. Guys, do you want to go carole with me later? Do you want to go with me later? Do you want to go with me later? Okay, get from me. Get from me. Get from me later. Get from me later. You two, I want to go with Carole with me later. Carole, Carole. Carole. Carole. Later, 60pm. Here, here, here, here. Here, here, here, here. Okay, come, 60pm. Alright guys, so now, while the sun is still out, I'm going to make the necessary item for the carole, which is the temperance and the drums. And then someone's going to help me. Our arc angel. Leah. Our angel, Leah's going to help me. Okay, we're going to make the temperance together. You're going to help me. Okay, okay, okay. This is the real thing for kids. This is the waifurdaegi. This is the sample. This is the sample. We have to make it like this, Leah. Wow, but this is really creative. It's so creative. It's so creative. It's so creative. You put the whole one. I'm going to do the flatting. Okay, you put the whole one in front. Why don't we make one without flatting and then one with the flatting? So it'll sound different. So, you know, better audio quality. This is very creative. I think this is really only in the Philippines tempering. Yeah. I want to do this. Oh, nice! Okay, you can do it back. Oh, okay. We wish you all the Christmas. We wish you all the Christmas. We wish you all the Christmas. Oh, yeah, the drums. That's a drum. Oh, but if you're a little bit... How can I do this one and do it? How can I do this one and do it? Okay, so we got this. Thank you, Leah. Doing the caroling to receive money from people. I'm just really going to entertain people. I guess I just hopped in this whole Christmas vibes. Of the Philippines in the middle of Manila. So, let's go ahead and start with the caroling. One, two, three, go. Happy Christmas, Merry Christmas, the most beautiful. Happy Christmas, the most beautiful. Merry Christmas, the most beautiful. Merry Christmas, the most beautiful. We're going to have a party. Sorry, we're disturbing you. Oh, okay. Okay, okay, okay. We're going to have a party. Happy Christmas, the most beautiful. How's our harmony? How's our harmony? Galen? Okay, one more. Guys, all together, it has to be the same note. Okay, so we start with the same note. Ta-da. Ta-da. We got one. Ta-da. Higher, higher. Ta-da. Higher, ta-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. Everyone, ta-da. Okay, okay, okay, okay. One, two, three, go. Do you know the names of the names? Yes, I know. Guys, we have to be better than them, okay? Okay, we have to be better than them, okay? Okay, okay. Here. Here. Okay. One, two, three, go. Bye-bye. Hi, I'm Aming Buddy. Merry Christmas. I'm a wachi. I'm a gilig. I'm a wachi. I'm a wachi. I'm a wachi. My name is Yu-ho. I sing a rapper dance. Things like dots, I am a wachi idiot. And I sing a singer from this world. I sing a rapper title to me. It's great to just do one thing, I'll see you here I'm going for Thank you, thank you I'm about to eat in your thank you Wow, thank you for Let's go Guys, ready? Okay, one, two No No, no No, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no Let's go, bye-bye No, no, come on Hehe soften Guys Come on, come on Let's go, come on I'm a little bit tired I'm a little tired I'm a little tired I'm a little tired I'm a little tired I'm a little tired Is it a Dito? Dito Ah, so behind you Behind you So I love you, Kong San San you, I'm a bit Okay, okay, let's go there There's no one here There's no one here I don't know, because I don't like to eat more I don't know We have a team called Team Namen Team Namen Team Pamasco Team Pamasco We have a team Pamasco Guys, tell us Kong San Kong San Namen Namen Namen Namen Dito One, two, three, go Bye bye I'm in the party Very pretty smart The party's got We're so lucky And I'm happy We're so happy Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Pamasco Thank you Thank you Thank you Okay, guys, let's see how much we got Rabé Team Pamasco Realize a team you say for Mamasco One, two, three, team Pamasco Again, team Wow Wow So, 20, 40, 60 Who's the leader? You're the leader You go, my share Everyone together, okay? Team Team Pamasco Team Pamasco Thank you guys, but I'm not careling, okay? You can have it Thank you, thank you Have a happy day Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you All right, guys, so that was like the most very easy one hour of my life in the past one year Yeah, this is actually something that I always wanted to do Living in the Philippines for like almost 10 years now I know that Carolina is a thing here in the Philippines Like the kids coming and careling But I've never really been the one to care also Because you know, it's already old, it's also weird if I do it now, right? So, but with the power of my team Pamasco I was able to do it, so so much thanks to Tipamasco And I hope you guys enjoyed this heartwarming, caroling content for today And I hope you guys also enjoyed the whole four episode series Pasco Sapina Here in Jessica Lee's channel Hope you guys have amazing, amazing, amazing vacation holidays So yeah, Malika and Pasco Malika and Pasco everyone Bye Malika and Pasco Malika and Pasco