 Hi guys, welcome back to another juicy react. Exciting news about the 100K on this channel. We may have already hit it while this time this video goes on, so thank you so much if you are subscribed. We also have our daily vlogging channel called the juicy vlog, which is linked in the description. And if you're going to give that a subscribe, give it a subscribe, so that you can really help us out. That would be awesome. Usually appreciative. 100K is crazy. We could get a play button for this channel, which is amazing. So, yeah. Today we've got a new one. If you do want to send us anything to react to, send us my social Instagram. We look at all our requests there. Links in the description. But without further ado today, we have a brand new video to react to. Why Americans love Filipino culture? Yes. Let's get right in. This is probably going to be part one, part two. It's a very long video. Let's get in. If you enjoy this video, let us know if you want part two in the comments. Definitely. Alright, you ready? Three, two, one. I love definitely love the Philippines. The people I really agree. I love the Philippines. I think the Philippines are the funniest people in the world. I love everything about them. Philippines are so friendly and so loving. There's anything I've learned from Filipino people. It's friendliness. The culture is great. The Filipinos are the best, I think, in the world. The Filipinos and their culture, I love the culture and the Philippines. The first thing everyone says, and it's true, is that they are a happy people. They smile. Even though they have them, there are a lot of people with a lot of problems. They know how to smile. They know how to laugh. They know how to keep pushing them through without complaining. That's something you learn quick as a missionary. You learn from their example is, you're thinking, oh, it's hard. This is hard. I don't know the language. You learn that. You can do hard things and still be happy. Still enjoy yourself. That's something I love about the Philippines. It's their ability to laugh and to smile. I'm like any other people I know. They can just smile no matter what situation they're in. Another thing I love is they're very, just a very welcoming people. They treat you. You know, you could, something that's nice about the Philippines. That's right. We've expressed on the same story. You go knock on doors and say, hi, I'm Elder Peck. I'm a missionary from the church. You just walk on the streets and you can just talk to people. You can say, how's your day? How's your family? And just start conversation with someone you don't know. And it seems like after a minute you can feel like you've been friends for a long time. They just are very open. You can ask them things that people would think you're crazy in America. You can know someone for a minute and ask how many kids they have and what their kids are doing and where they live and who their mom is and who their dad is and what they like and what they do in life. You can get to know someone very quickly and it's awesome. You know, here in America, someone that wished that we were more open just saying, hey, what's up? Who are you? Where are you from? What do you like to do? Unfortunately, we don't use our components here. Yeah, that's also common in the UK. There's a lot of things you really can talk with anyone and I love that. They're just a welcoming people. I also love just the faith of the Filipino people. And how they're able to get through hard times and do hard things knowing that they will make it and believing in God, believing in his hand to be there to help them. And they have the faith to make that happen. It's a country where you can promise someone that if they do something like it, there were those blessings and they will get those blessings because they'll do it. They'll have the faith, they'll make big sacrifices. Not something else is kind of a filial thing, they'll sacrifice so much for you. They want to make you feel at home. So when you're visiting members or even people you don't know who just wants to come with someone visiting and a servant of God, they'll give you the food they had for their family and they'll put it in front of you and make you eat. They won't give you the choice. They'll feel at home they want you to feel comfortable and it's incredible to see how much they are willing to give up for us as missionaries and for other people. They have charity in that sense. I'm like, really anyone else that I've known. So I really love that the Filipinos are so giving. I definitely love the Philippines. The people that are really great, even though the culture is like completely opposite from America. I really love it. They're lifestyle so simple. They just have a simple life. They're always happy. It doesn't matter what they have or they don't have. They're just willing to share with people. They're very kind. They're really easy to talk to. Usually you can talk to them even if they don't want to listen to you. They'll still talk to you at least for a little bit. And basically everyone has a belief in Christ. So when people pick up the same things, all the stuff we've said over a number years. They just open up an e-conversation. You can just talk about Christ. They have Christ on their like jeep knees and on their tricycles. Everyone's very well-adjust, which makes missionaries work sometimes a little easier sometimes not because sometimes they're very firmly embedded in their beliefs. But they're very kind people. They're willing to share with the missionaries their food. They'll help you with language. You can ask them how to cook stuff. They'll tell you. They're very nice, humble people. Filipinos are so friendly and so loving. They are so kind and so welcoming. It was such a different culture than I was used to here in America. And it surprised me at first how willing people were to talk to us, to let us into their homes. And to feed us, they're so polite. If you go into their house and they're- A lot of mentions about food. What ever they're eating. Just because that's the nature of their culture. They're also very- It's true that it's essential. Sometimes it's been someone who has been splicing. Take a seat. They don't have to be in the zone. They always do everything to try to save face. So they won't let you know that they're offended and they'll close off from you. And that's just their culture. So you have to learn to be sensitive to that and just love them despite that difference. Because I feel like here in America we're very straightforward. We're very direct. And sometimes if you're like that with the Filipinos, they get offended because they're not used to that directness in their culture because they are so polite and so formal with each other. I feel like that. I love the Filipinos there. It's so funny. Yeah. It's sure. It's really funny, sassy sense of humor that it takes a little bit to understand. I think I know what you're talking about. They're funny. But after you start to understand it, they are hilarious and they'll make you laugh and they love making people laugh. So it's great. I think Filipinos are the funniest people in the world. That's just part of their culture. They love to joke and laugh. That was a huge blessing on my mission to have that. Just to always be able to joke and laugh. They are always partying. They even lay in the night on their karaoke. They're close. They're crazy. That's always so funny to hear. Even if it's really off-tune, it's still really funny. It keeps spirits light. Let me see. Funny things that are funny to Americans that I had to get used to when this is just a Filipino thing. When they don't hear what you say instead of saying what? They open their mouth. Just like. When it first happened, when I first got to the news, I'd say something like, they'd be like, and then if they didn't hear it, they'd do it again. I just didn't get lighter and lighter. When it happened, I was just like, what's going on? It took a while to get used to it until I realized they're saying what did you say? That's just their thing. Another thing they use so many gestures. Their eyebrows up means yes. I thought people were mad at me when they were doing that. I'd be like, do you want to come to church on Sunday? I'd be like, this is me. It's like, seriously, kind of smirk. But that means they're like saying yes. Yep, yep. Then I'm sure you've heard of pointing with the lips. That's really funny too. Where's the bathroom? I didn't think they heard me and so I'd like repeat myself all the time. Let me see. They all do like this Filipino squat everywhere, just like to chill. Everywhere. That's really funny. I can't bear it for 90-year-old man. I can't bear it. I love it. I actually still do that today. They... Oh, they... What was I going to say? Oh, some of the food is kind of funny to me. For one birthday party, there was like hot dogs on a stick. But there was like marshmallows in between the hot dogs. Well, it was funny. Sweet tubs. I think it's a nap. Sweet spaghetti is really funny too. They're just putting their own twist on it. They hate to get wet in the rain. That's like the worst thing that can happen. And it's like ducking with their newspapers or anything. Like some kind of anna leaves. And we probably looked crazy because we're just out there getting wet. Yeah, we were probably the funny ones to them. Oh, when there's two people talking to each other and somebody has to pass between them. They get down, they crunch really, really low. So they can go by and they say, Because they're just so polite. No, I guess so. I'm noticing more if it's vulgar. Yeah, I think that's not vulgar. And we just always flock. They're both right by me. Ducking so far down. Also, this is the last one. There's this word in the Philippines that we don't have in America. We don't, they're not in English equivalent. And it's keelig. And keelig is the feeling that you get really when it's something so cute. And something's just like, I don't know when something's romantic and you just can't take it. And they'd be like, so any time. I love his impressions. Even like in a testimony meeting somebody was like, I mentioned president, he was talking. He was like, I met my wife back in college and I loved her from the moment I saw her. And everyone's like, eee. Just like no matter what, they can't control it. It's keelig, sila. They get so keelig. And they just like crunch off. So yeah. I wish we had a word for that in English because we feel it too. Yeah, that's hilarious. We're going to start that one there. If you guys want part two, let us know in the comments, give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. So many things in there that we can say that we've experienced our selves through traveling to Philippines. Sorry. I didn't mean to say the next one. Carry on. That was it. Okay, well thank you so much for watching. Please give us a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it. And we're totally out of focus. That wasn't out of focus. I was watching it. Come on, come back. Come back to us, maybe. There we go. Okay, thank you for watching and we'll see you next time. Bye guys.