 But you're Friday. The freshest. Alright, so now we're gonna listen to Bamboo for the first time. Was good. And he's a joj, isn't he? Yeah, he is a coach and mentor in the voice kids' Philippines. Isn't it also, like, your face sounds familiar? Oh, I don't know. Probably. I wouldn't know. A malignant male. But yeah, this is one of his songs. It's called Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's really... It's one of his songs? Yeah, it's one of his songs. Like, a conical. No, no, no. It's not the jackpot key song. It's his song. What a score, what a song. I did a little reach for it. Oh, it mixed. Very nice. Yeah. Hallelujah. This is still a five. Can we have a moment for that? Different times, man. This is the call before the storm. We're not sure. Oh, I wish we could turn it up. Go. Or if I press it, my heart will be broken. I wish we could turn it up. Or if I press it, my heart will be broken. That's what I'm saying. I'm risking it. I like it. Go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Or I'll play a spack. You know what? I miss concerts like this. You know, like the ones that we used to have back home. They're rock concerts for me. Oh, he's rock. Yeah. Ooh. I'm a little bit progressive. Ooh. It's a bit progressive. Whoo-hoo, that's red. Otherwise, it gets gone, man. It's lifted, progressives. Wow, that's redwood. It's growing in my CDC. The redwood participated. so this is the end so my mouth no Pros no no, nothing good so all good he is cool, alright get bad yeah still cowife is gonna yeah coming Mix he inspire It'sing a holy matlock? a statue of my showing剧 She's bonding to me oh no my favorite Then was it, it's done Oh, that's it. That's a good distinction right? Oh my god, that's awesome, incubus buys. Okay, we have a moment. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Our matchbox 20, his voice. So I'm gonna have to strangle you later. His voice texture is like the guy from matchbox 20, what's his name? I love him too, forget it out. Johnny Stark. No, the guy from matchbox 20, go, go, think, think, think. I love saying that, I love saying random people's names. We were trying to think good names. Anyways, don't remember everybody, you can support both guys and reactionaries by going to Fitch Friday's. We're out of Thomas. Anyways, yeah, Thomas, yeah. I was thinking that's a good point you may. Like, when you listen to progressive rock alternative actually anything to the rock, which is actually outside of my area of expertise. No, but I have one. But I probably outside of any area of expertise. But, yeah, but in, especially in Venezuela, that was one of the things that was mainly overlooked. Actually, I'm gonna say worldwide. It's one of the things that's mainly overlooked when it comes to progressive rock bands, alternative bands, it's the vocalist. Yeah, they're very overlooked. Musicians are some of their best. Actually, some of the ones that I've found to be the most pleasurable experience to work with them. But, singum wise, they're so neglected. The band neglects the singer for some reason in terms of vocal capability. Like, I don't know how to understand why. So you don't get this type of vocal, what do you call it? Vocal expertise. I didn't want to use that word again. Oh, sorry. Because by that, that's bad English. Very close. Yeah. Whatever that word is. Pass me the pie. I just think, I just think the reason why it's a little bit overlooked is because progressive music, progressive rock, alternative. So it's so experimental that you're looking when you're trying to get a vocalist, you're looking for something that has textures, somebody who is not the usual sound. Sure. And it gets lost and was actually good. That's good experiment. Yeah, it turns too far from being melodic and then you get really weird vocalists with amazing bands, but you're like, oh, I don't really know what I'm listening to. That may work in studio. Like that. Exactly. It may work in studio, but life is just rough. You're jumping around like this. You've got to be a good bloody singer. And even if the singing lines are short and precise and they're very calculated, like they are in this song, you need a high level of performance and cardio and capability of delivering to actually make the whole, I don't know, 20,000, 30,000 people are in this venue. Of course you're spooked. We jump up and down with your song. I think the dynamics also in the song arrangements are brilliant. It's fantastic. It really gives me incubus vibes. It's good and I'm not a big final rock. It's dope. But I like this arrangement. That's so enjoyable, dude. Yeah, very incubus. That's pretty cool, aren't we? Yeah. Oh, nice! Oh, it's like the worship song! Of course, mate! Hallelujah! Yeah, but that song, that word can totally be thrown around so much, especially in Monday music. Religious words like that get thrown around for a different meaning of purposes. I think? Yeah! I've never heard a Hallelujah song that had nothing to do with Christianity. Really? Never. I think most Hallelujah songs have ever heard have something to do with Christianity. Well, some type of spirituality. I can understand that, perhaps, you're right. But... Not like full of fleshed worship songs. That's freaking far. That's amazing. Oh, no, yeah. I've seen that before, right? Like, sometimes where they sort of artist that are very aligned with their sort of religion, they just bring out worship songs. Mm-hmm. In concerts. I don't know where it may not be a worship concert. Yeah. That's fine. It's really cool. I like that. You came to my world for that time, you know what I mean? Exactly. So, you're coming into their own expression of artistry and spirituality is such a huge source of inspiration for artists. So, I think it's... when you get to experience music that's aligned with their spirituality, then you're also experiencing them to the... To sound extent, yeah. No, to the fullest extent. That's such a vulnerable place for humans, right? I think I've ever been to a worship concert, even though I sort of grew up around a lot of what you call it, like bands. Yeah, purely that, right, as well. Yeah. Like, we would rehearse like in one floor and then in another floor, like in this building. There was like a church, wasn't it? Yeah, a Christian worships the church. Yeah, and they would play a lot of artists. They would like guitarists and they had like drummers and stuff like that. Some times we go to some of their concerts and stuff, but... Yeah, but did I... I don't think I ever went to one. Did I? Maybe you didn't. You just don't really know. I think he did. Yeah, did I? I can't remember. Anyway, go ahead. This is cool. I'll do that. Wait, I know that one. Yeah. Such a great performer, isn't it? I've placed me. Oh, the energy was key, a lecture by... That's bad. I'm so glad I did this. I know that I did this. It's a great job. I'm so glad that you did. I'm so glad that you did. I know that I did. I know that I did. It's a great job. I know that I did. I know that I did. It's a great job. Oh, how dude. I have to say it all right. Ooh, but it's summer. Oh But shivers that is That is kind of nuts Look at my life. Hey, there's that band again. Kessel Kessel. They they they do rock they do rock That's what I found out last time right Whoa, okay So she's the tiger I Don't have a tiger That's it was a message is that was other stuff I said but I was joking but he was like the absurd stuff You know like like yeah, yeah But like like when I said that story I almost killed someone with a jelly baby that was a hyperbole But I just love how people come up They they're like really concerned after the kids survived And he was a kid against another kid So the legality of it is fine, you know Anyways Let us know what else you like us to check out from bamboo he is amazing and I love everything that he's done here So if you got any more life performances or any music videos that you like us to check out Please let them leave them down in the comment section below. Yeah, maybe when the future would do like a rock Filipino rock special Oh again, that's not Top music I listen to it's like this more than I have it's check it out. I'm about to jump that I'm working I'm sorry, but anyways also you can support the podcast and reactions like this by purchasing your merch That's been in the comment below again. Go back. Yeah, sit it at one