 But you're Friday. Differently. Right. Okay. It's very good. It's got to do like, it's going viral. It's like, like, twice now. And, well, every time it comes out, it always breaks the internet. This is smogless, by the way. And it doesn't say on the title. But just saying. And this is his song, Samim or Samim. Samim. Samim. That's funny because in Venezuela, because there's not even Spanish. There's not even Spanish. She's having a Venezuelan slang word. We go like young people, like young people, chamos. Sure. And then, and like a cute way of like saying, or cooler, cooler way of saying like, small children is like, chameen. So, it sounds kind of like similar. Wait, all right. I don't know what this means though. Now, for that reason. Because I am part of a YouTube's beta thing where I can translate comments. I can do that too. Oh, can you? Is available now for everyone. I think so. It's a lot of from month now. I can do it now. That's pretty close. Anyways, so someone's provided a translation. So, not a translation. They're lyrics. But you can translate them now. But I can translate them with a press of a button if I can find the bloody comment. So, happy days because he is rap. I always try to look for translation especially for his rap and he's written by the rap. The source. Yeah. So, let's give it a watch. We heard I couldn't have kept my tata for a minute before. That was freaking viby as hell. I loved it. John. John. John. John. John. John. I'm not a Martin son, is it? Martin, me a very son. A small glass. Not a nut. Well, the hell no. Obviously, you're right. I thought that's what you were referring to. The person who says the... Who played the drums in that. I read that somewhere. Or maybe he's just his own now. So successful as family. Watching the red anyways, Ron. Yeah. Oh my god, yes. Oh, school. I can play. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. So chaffaloo. All right. Disculpa, that means excuse me. That is so cute. What the freaking... Okay, the singing. It's so freaking melodic. But it's so viby at the same time. It's very rare to hear voices that can provide that rhythmicality and melody at the same time without having to be processed in the studio. Because usually you can achieve... Have a deep process, that's all right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can achieve this flow singing-wise. Like, it's very, yeah, rhythmical. But it's highly melodic. When it's processed, like, you can use like, also tune and stuff to like elongate certain notes. You can, you know, you can vocal chop it. But to hear it raw, like that is freaking impressive. I had never been exposed to anything like that before. Like in a wrong environment like this. That is freaking cool. I lately saw, I don't mean. I lately saw this performance on the Wish Bus. It was Wish Bus, you know, and it was, you know, it was a horror horror. It was in a great performance. But it just puts into perspective. You know what I say? It just puts into perspective. Like holy shit. It could go so wrong. You know? And then where does this go? It does this. Like this. And you're like, what the... I'm not sure you were performing the talking about later. Oh. But it puts into perspective. I've seen it before. I've also seen a really bad... Come on a shit one. It's like, you know, it's up to the artist. It's only so much Wish can do for you. Well, they really don't do... Give them a quality mic. Yeah. And they maybe, you know, which... They ride back the sphere, yeah. Ah, which tech did you like the most? Because they can do several takes. Absolutely. It has to be a whole take. But, but anyways, it just puts into... I really want to emphasize that, mate. Like, it's unbelievable. Well, he's... I'm able to do. And some other people... Well, most of the people that we've checked out are able to do because they're that sort of that level. But it is so impressive. But not everyone is on that level. No, no, no. Not even remotely. No, but smogless isn't like in a completely different lane. Leading? Yeah, he's elite. But, you guys have told me, he sort of, you know, very, very, very well respected. The whole community. Oh, yeah. So, I do have the lyrics. But maybe let's do verse by verse. Let's see what happens. Yeah. That's it. That's it. See, he's emphasizing the ingust. And so, so many that like, that usage of the diction. Like, I always emphasize it because it's important to understand that you can take advantage of diction in ways that you've never been exposed to before. In ways that you never really had thought of it before. And in this particular case, you can really hear how he's emphasizing the wrapping dynamic without losing melody because he's emphasizing the ingust sound, the NG sound. So, the soft palate's coming down and touching the top of his tongue. And it's creating this really cool like twangy, but not irritating. Like bounce. It bounce? Yeah, it's so freaking nice. Yeah, this happens when a rapper, yeah, but also holds himself to some vocal discipline. I mean, what is freaking fantastic? He sounds a second like that. Like, like, the record. He's very much so much backup. Very old school, isn't it? I love that. So what the fuck? It holds that really early 2000s old school Latino rap. But people weren't that good at singing though. I know. They used to sound trash, but you're still vibing. I wrote for my surmila, the industry we came from, but it's just different league. It is. And I really hope that these guys know. This is how it works. I'm going to say that. I'm really going to, and I really hope that these guys know. This is how it's done. Like, it's, it's, there's so dangerous I feel, because I told you, if like, they really do manage to get a grasp of the worldwide rapping scene. Oh, it's game over. It's got to be so rough for everyone else, because you're going to have to then be able to understand, like, you know, vocalizations, harmonies, singing, and it's like, oh, I'm fucking. They're going to have to step up the game. You can't just be a rapper in this. That's right. And look at the industry. You know, just, you know, in general, like, even rappers that can hold a tune, they're really, really well. Look at the drinks. You know, Rex isn't the greatest rapper alive, but because he can sing. Because he's so melodic, yeah. He's melodic, right? Yeah, he's melodic. And he can hold a tune every now and then, not very well live, but in his albums, he's all right. Tori Lane's kind of the same thing. He sort of musted his art of utilising auto tune live, and also utilising harmony's life, and having a great line of backup singers. Having Travis Scott is a prime example of that. He creates so much great atmosphere with vocalisations. And the obviously... Not three records, not life. Well, I know, but it's... It's... I'm talking about... Not the good old Shade, I'm just saying. But I'm talking about how it's so commonly sought after that the idea of having, you know, huge vocalisations throughout the rap line. I mean, Eminem was a huge... Even when he'd, right? When he harmonised. That's one of the things about people don't really... Good rappers, really good rappers, do understand vocal discipline and vocal intricacies. That's right. Like, there's a level to that shit. And I'm a bit pissed today, basically. That's what I'm gonna ramp from it. Because I've been noticing this sort of... You know, I watch all the channels and stuff. I saw comments and commentaries, not comments like below, but like the commentary of the scene. And he's like... He's like, everyone's good. He's like, no, they're fucking not. You know what I mean? That takes a specific level of skill. And if you say that everyone's alright and everyone's good and everyone's sort of like the standard of singing, especially for rappers, it's really low. So if it's acceptable, that's good. But I said, no, it isn't. No. That's good. So if that means if that's good, for you to be better, you have a fucking load of work to do. That's right. And if you haven't been exposed to singing, like the blessed people in the Philippines have, like this rapper's grew up hearing music that was vocally very intricate. But emulated from a really young age. That's right. They emulated from a really young age and they decided to go a different route with a rap, which is not the common path for a vocalist. So what happens is that they're taking all of the influences that they grew up with and put it into hip hop and creating this brand new, really high level standard of hip hop and melodics through rapping, right? What happens with the rest of the world? The hasn't been exposed or haven't emulated high quality singing, standards of singing. I didn't think it said. They have a lot of work to come up to, you know? Sure. I think also, Market, as I always say, the market sets the damn demand. Absolutely. Not what you tried. You know what you copied when you were a kid. Yeah. And that says something, no, and that says something about just the Filipino music industry. I'm talking about the creative process. Sure, sure, sure. But I'm just saying the Filipino music industry also has different demands. Because people demand that their life performance there is better than the studio version. Or that's the most consumed version. So what happens to a rapper that is as live, you're out of the picture, basically. In that industry is ruthless. It is. You know, and that, I think I'm so blessed to have been able to learn about that industry, you know, now, because he also rises my expectations of myself. And from what I wish to do. And also increases your, what would you call it? Not judgment, but there is. Perspectives. Yeah. And critical thinking. Exactly. He has woken up that specifically on rap. Hence why we enjoyed checking out rap from the Philippines so much. And I have to emphasize, I'm not a huge hip hop rapper at all. I don't enjoy it. So when I see things that really spark this brand new feeling of wonder and excitement through great vocalizations and dynamics, vocal usage of diction and stuff, you know, there's depth, this intricacy. God, it's a goal. It's discipline. Yeah. Absolutely. It's awesome. It's fantastic. And then they're so super performing, you know. Ha ha ha ha. The diction for me. The diction for me. The diction for me. What is it to do? Good breath control. Oh, it's freaking brilliant. It's something somebody will ask you going on. And actually, you can see not to get to technical, but... Tongue work, right? Yeah, absolutely. Let your tongue work there. It's very interesting because he's the tongue positioning of it. It's very out there. It's not textbook, right? But it's there because you are using so much of the soft palate. So you're kind of like creating this concave, like the opposite to what we've been taught to do. So you create this like a cup as a to the tongue. So the back of the tongue, richer the soft palate really easily. And the soft palate comes down. So there's constant contact. You might not be doing this on purpose. It may just kind of figure it out as we win. I think it's because of the constant ang sound. So it becomes really comfortable to curl the tip of the tongue to just create the easiness of using the soft palate to the top of the tongue. But it adapts to create the end product of sound. Absolutely. You know, it's got when I speak my tongue with a specific voice. But perhaps here because of the due persistence and consistency of that sound. It could have been also coach. I'm not too sure. I don't think so. I think it's a natural. I would lean towards that. It's also because there's a lot of tension of because of how fast the words come through and how much, how many vocalizations happen through a phrase. Even though there are very monotone notes, there is a lot of constant change. So I think the tip of the tongue curling up is also a product of tension. But it's really aiding the diction itself. It's the opposite. Yeah, absolutely. You said it again. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Dude, his lyrics is best life, dude. My only way to sound me like a goodbye. He doesn't come off. Freaking fantastic. Oh, hello. This is so old school. I love it. It's really hard to believe in his life. It's really hard to believe in his life. Holy shit. Oh my god. Oh my god. Holy shit. You know what he's saying? At the beginning he's saying. This is a translation, by the way. It's also another thing, which is very bizarre by the Filipino music and rapping industry in the music industry. It's obviously, we don't understand what's going on at the start. We have to look for translations. That's right. But I still feel there's so much value because it's so, the quality is so high of performance and both audio quality and at the audio experience. Hence why I believe it brings enough, I feel anyways. Dude, let us know if you disagree. But I feel it brings enough value to review in itself and then look at the translation. But I feel if he's able to captivate some of our minds, you know, someone who made, who's not fluent in Tagalog, maybe no couple of words because they're similar to Spanish. Yes, continue please. Ganda means good. Grand day. Grand day. Dog. Grand day. No, it's Angaling. Angaling means superb, like, great. Anyway, so like, if he's able to captivate someone like us who's not fluent in the language, I think then he has the opportunity to then take over the worldwide scene. Look, we see music from all over the world at the moment that is resonating really well with a wide, you know, that demographic that may have not been officially intended. They're originally intended exactly because due to the language, but it seems no longer languages are a barrier, which is, I think, it's an awesome place to be in music. But he goes, he says, the song is called, I wish. That's what some in the ends says from the beginning to the end and in the middle of war and war on both sides. I've always handed left and right those I hold those I hold on to cannot be released. He continued to write, creating a making of melody and rhythm of rhyme and barriers. Shine recognized voices can be pl- can be can be plack. Maybe Mr. Slater. Even if the hope doesn't seem so bright in like I also like some deficiency, the family grew up ruined before graduating, lack of knowledge, lack of money and money is also lacking. Whatever I have and what I have is passed on to God. Behind my scenes, grant my prayers or not. Go straight, turn around, be smart or straight, succeed or fail, only heavens knows. Even a lot of mud from my feet, I know that my footsteps will still follow in every path, whether it's rough or slippery, I'm ready to stay until the end. It will be unstoppable. Oh fuck. Oh, you melon. Oh, oh no. Oh no, I came no longer translator. Ah, you stupid beta. But this is called beta. I lost it. You prick. Now I can't press it anymore. It still looks like that. But he doesn't know long it gives me a chance to translate it. Oh well, there's that. Oh well maybe, also for other people maybe watching. If you do, maybe find the lyrics, do drop it in the comments section. Obviously, just a rough translation. I'll be awesome for other people to watch, because it seems other people from all over the world watch. And that's obviously awesome for future Friday and my blogging concept. But yeah, let us know what you thoughts about it. And I'm truly a fan. Me too. Me too. And I want to listen to song again. Be awesome to do. That last section was absolutely freaking brain melting. Anyways, let us know what you thought about it and goodbye.