 Today is the first time we will try street food here in the Philippines We are super excited. We're here at the Victoria Market Yes It's outside this big mall so I figured we just try everything working down the street here Yes And we also want to try the famous balut in this video I hope we can find it Yes it's a little bit scared Yeah for the balut We're up there to have some delicious spring rolls It wants to try Can we try please? Yes Can we have four? Oh hungry This one looks delicious And this is actually our first meal of the day Oh super hungry Oh it's spicy Yeah that's good Delicious Good Oh Oh Thank you very much How much do we owe you? 20 pesos 20 pesos okay What do you call this in Philippines? Mr. Gorsair Yeah Name of this Sir Name of this Sir Mr. Bair Okay Okay Okay Bongo Bongo Ah cool Super excited to try it Thank you very much Thank you Thanks thanks Okay I guess we'll try Yeah we can try it So yes Let's do a taste test So today First Filipino Who's supposed to be some spicy sauce as well It looks like spring rolls Is it spring rolls? It's spring rolls Really good And the sauce? Yes it's sweet Oh nice I'm very nice I'm so hungry so I have to try one Delicious Cheers Hey what's up Hey how you doing? What do you mean too? What is it? This is the first one We have to try it What is this? Chicken balls Chicken balls It's nice It's nice Nice Nice Ah we have to try it on there Yeah Yeah I wonder how we are supposed to do this So much stuff Oh yeah Yeah what is this? Wait Wait Wait Okay And this is Chicken balls Chicken balls okay We have chicken balls How will we do this? First time Yeah No idea She picked it up Okay So we use this sauce Spicy Okay we like spicy You can handle spicy Oh I can handle spicy I only not have any right He always says that The man in the night is like Oh no I have no spicy That's what you say We all look Every evening Do you want? Sure let's add a little bit I don't need to sleep tonight Yeah that's good All right And some of this Oh yeah that looks delicious So some local stew it So then it's probably a good idea It's not a vinegar one I think I think we saw it on YouTube actually Yeah when you go That's good I think there's so more upwind stew Something like this Yeah Boost me up as well This is gonna be awesome I can feel it already Hmm First chicken bowl and fillet beans How is it? Oh Do you like it? Do you love it? No really good Very nice I like the vinegar Oh lots of sauce is too Feel the spiciness No Yeah That's really good We give one to try Sure We give one to try Let's have a little bit Very good The vinegar is really nice Yeah We love it Thank you Mark Weans And after some delicious chicken bowls We are ready to move on I guess Ah that's the delicious I guess it's finished now And just one stop The downwards here We have found a really good place here What is that? It's on the stop People try this Yeah we're gonna ask Look, some What is the fried stop dish I like Yeah it does It's crunch Mmm And a bunch of chili Yeah It's gonna be a hard night I wonder what this is What do you think it is? I don't know Pork Pork Maybe Some kuddi That's it Mmm Thank you very much And then we need to have some Spicy stuff here Yes The answer has been looking forward to this one Yeah, yeah It looks so delicious And a very kind man Ah He said it's fish right? I don't know I thought I asked Is it fish? No And then he said It's something with fish It looks a little bit like pork to me Yeah I don't know All right I guess we try is that And then it's on the What does it say? Oh Trigger For salt For salt All right All right thank you Let's try one So That's gonna be a salty bomb I think All right I think it's fish Ah Was that salt or It's salt Okay I don't know It's salty And I'm gonna take one of these Yeah Mmm Like pork rind Mmm Really good I actually got some Christmas vibes from this It's like those that on top of the meat We use that Christmas Yeah I think it's pork rinds actually Ah it's really good Yeah it's that Actually it's healthy and oratory too But usually it's not pork But very delicious So far we've been very fortunate We haven't run into any rice yet Yams gets a little bit worried I don't know What are you telling them about it? No no no It's nothing But yeah we're working down the market here And looking for food Yeah And no So far so good Yeah and looks like It's on part of the market It's selling items and clothes And such as well Oh what is this Yeah Lots of food Can we try this? Yeah We should try Hello Hello We should try this for sure Big daddy Plain mommy Huh? Regular mommy Hello Mmm Hahaha Hahaha We want regular mommy or plain mommy Are you big daddy? No What do you want to try? I want to try the regular mommy How about you? Regular mommy How about this one? Yeah But maybe I can try the Big one that What is it? I'll go for this one Can we try one And one piece? Thank you I'm all about the special mommy It's really Or the beefy ones Ah No no no think about it No not the beefy ones actually I'll take that back Bon bon bon Alright so we're still here at Big Daddy's And I got the regular mommy And Jens got the plain mommy Yeah And we got some sauces there too I guess Not sure I guess this is chili sauce Having stayed a lot in Thailand Gotta dump that on there of course Oh Most important parts What else do they have? Lime or something? Lime cala What do they call it? They call them Calamansi I'm gonna like that First try of the regular mommy I don't know I thought you had been in Thailand I eat with the sticks Oh I love to eat with Nice Mmm Really good noodle I think their hand made probably Wow Mmm Ah Yeah really good The noodles and the consistency is awesome First noodles in a while Alright Hooo Just finish off that delicious mommy noodle Yes at Big Daddy's Yes Delicious I think the best one for me so far Mmm Oh but I got so sweaty So sweaty Yeah But actually I could go back there and have one more That was so good Yeah That one was my favorite by far Yeah I think the Actually the spring rolls I forgot we even had those Ah I don't swear good We should try some of this too It's some kind of juice I think Yeah I'm gonna drink up by now Yes please In a mineera Hello Hello How is it? It's good The noodles It's good Very good Final one But On one? Yes or no Ah Do you want one? Come on You want one please One please 10 pesos 10 pesos okay Ah yeah Let me The T-shop My Napple Eat him And I Very nice Thank you sir Thank you Nipan Okay let's try Ah Cheers Cheers The ambulas Lame here You say that after I drink it Yes That's the reason Oh yeah Oh yeah You said joke Yeah Delicious thank you sir Delicious Yes Oh really? Oh Thank you It's a pleasure for you Yes Thank you Ah Balus Ah We found it Oh my god Balus Yeah Use on the Wow Like the jargon Ah Can we Can we try two please Ah Ah Hmm Can we have the two Yes Yes Yeah two Two Yes Balus Yes Yes Yes Yes Ah The Good Apprent Ah Yes This is going to happen Because she's not speaking English Yes Good Collaboration Yes Going this Ah Going this Yes Yes Yes Yes They too Ah Ah Cool I'm excited Too Yes please So Ah Thank you very much Thank you Ah it's okay Ah thank you Yes Selfie You want to take selfie with my Balut Ah Okay One Two Three Wait no My tiny way Okay so you're supposed to find the ticcus end And then you just Cack its Tuck it on the Turn it around a little Tuck it on the table No no no no Come on Harder Horses Come on Like this Kong No no no Oh Ah Easy Okay Let's see Okay Delicious First time Okay so a little bit of sauce And a little bit of salt Okay You're doing it First Yes, right Mmm That is good Oh it's good Tissue like egg Mmm Ah nice I like it Mmm Where is the chicken Our duck Duck Yeah duck Let's try Dig into the duck Cheers Do you feel like the feathers And inside Mmm Ah nice Let me try So I just broken up this thing here You can see here at the end You have this gear bubble I just watched a video And how you should eat them Sauce Okay Thank you Dantaram I'm just gurning on Yeah, I don't ruin it If you have like multiple parts as well Whoa Is this the actual duck Duck Whoa that's cool Yeah so we didn't fit in a little part Yeah Okay Mmm Yeah, that's good Delicious Ah Very good Okay thank you very much man That was the ballad first time here for both of us Actually very positively surprised by it Yeah So this is gonna be these faders and everything And I gonna be discussed about Yeah people on YouTube kept saying like Oh no that's crazy But it wasn't It just takes like Different egg Like a little bit of duck egg I think We'll make more suits Subscribe if you're into it So I'm uh Peace