 Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha That is hilarious Ah, okay, wow Yeah, f***** No, that's... That's... You're gonna get on channel part But it's like, it's Shada 2, Filipino moms and bus and moms who do the home remedies What's up Philippines? Today we have a hilarious video for you guys One of the most recommended videos for us to react to is not one video specific but in generally reacting to the Filipino comedian Jokoye So we went online and saw, you know, which videos are there, which videos can be reacted and we found two videos, one of which is called Rice is rice So we're gonna react to this video today, don't know what to expect, I've never heard of Jokoye before you guys started asking us to react to it Yes But it seems very promising from what I read in the comments, he seems to be a hilarious guy And I think he also has his own Netflix show Really, wow, that is awesome That is really huge So before we jump into this video guys, we're trying to hit the 100K on this channel by the end of the month It is a crazy, crazy ambitious goal But if you don't say big goals, you won't reach big goals Let's give it a try Also, if you don't know us, we're Mike and Melly, our main channel is making it happen We are travel, food and lifestyle vloggers Been living in the Philippines for one year But traveling around the Philippines for three years Yes, it's almost our anniversary here It's our anniversary Loverversary in the Philippines So definitely check out our channel, it will pop up right here Exactly Shall we? Shall we? Yes, we shall Stop Dokoia, live from Seattle I'm half white, half Filipino, that's my... Which means my dad was in the military That's not even a joke A lot of soldiers are fighting for this country, my dad was dating I'm his purple heart My dad would say, Borla and racist shit to me when I was a kid Borla and racist shit, but I knew he was joking, it's my dad Just sitting at the dinner table, like, no, I married your mom, right? Why? It's a love Chinese food What? When it sings, it's like... So I guess his dad is... That is... I'm gonna bad laugh at you about it, my dad That was her hustle God bless you mom, you hooked up with her soldier and had a kid in America, God bless you mom She did what she had to do She could have hooked up with a Filipino and had a kid in the Philippines See how much a comedian makes in the Philippines? A chicken and flip-flops That is really bad I was a shit, my mom and dad divorced when I was like 10, 11 years old My mom had to raise us on her own Oh Tough as shit Sometimes a little too tough Like, it's Borla and illegal But... It's such She never took us to the doctor, my mom never took us to the doctor My mom raised us like we were still in the Philippines I was trying to cure everything at home You know what? You know what? You don't want that You love it You have to die to go to the hospital That is true for Boschans as well You know what? It's vaporized It's vaporized Our friend, our friend has vaporized everything before She's a bit dizzy, she's a bit dizzy That's a bit dizzy That's abuse I thought I had pneumonia from mom, I think I have pneumonia I would answer the big story about you, Joseph I was Everywhere, Joseph You should come to buy one of the food And then put a sack on the food Yes And then pneumonia will come out of the food, Joseph That's what Boschans do Yeah, just with schnapps, right? Yeah, with like, hi Just like mother and fucking pigs You would say hi, uh, percentage My son Yeah One time I was so sick, I swear to god, true story I go, mom, I don't feel good, I can't sleep I can't sleep, my mom took a finger And stuck it in bed And then what? Top of my eyes Top of my eyes Okay, so there is so much truth in my childhood That I find like, parallels here I told you these stories Yes, 100% So whenever I have fever, my mom would put on socks, put liquor on the socks And the liquor will take out the fever magically And up to like, three or four years ago, Nelly would still do it And I'm like, you know that doesn't do anything It's like it doesn't matter Like I think it works, it works That's how you cure everything Let's go to the doctor, we're sick Also, I remember something about cabbage, she put cabbage in the socks It's a thing, it's a thing It healed me every time So, shout out to Filipino moms and Boston moms who do the home remedies Shout out to my mom that actually gave me high reprofume when I needed her That shit burns you without the mom at birth I can't hold it by eyes My mom was, what can you see? Good night, Jose Jose, that's his name You give her shit Me She never hit us I'm gonna never hit us She just scared us a lot Her purse, she used to flex Like that shit Yeah, Boston moms love to curse us for all of Boston parents And that's okay My mom said that shit She did it to all of us You know what I'm doing with Nelly? To get bumped by a four foot eight Asian woman Fucking mom, get out of the goddamn foot, not there That is so... My mom is my music I'm sure you I used to cry, I used to cry until my mom left my wife and I had kids I'm never gonna do it, you do it to me It's very kids And my mom looked at me, I said, I should put her hand on my shoulder She just said, promise me, okay? Never have kids That is hilarious Okay, wow If he has a Netflix show, then we gotta watch that Netflix show tonight That is so funny Yeah, it is funny I need to let it sink in because there are so many parallels to Boston mom Who sounds so sorry, it is so funny So in Boston, yeah I would say it's also because he mentioned the cursing It's part of the language to curse So whenever we say something like, hello or like anything Then it's followed by some kind of cursing Why hadn't you called me in days And then it was like a lot of cursing How would that sound? And I was like, I don't know I was like, I don't know I was like, I don't know In days And then it was like a lot of cursing How would that sound in Boston? I don't know, that's a YouTube friend You're saying it Okay, so you would say, but justy Yeah No, it's just like that You can't get on channel But it's like, it's with a lot of gestures And it's like, justy Please, yeah, you're just a dana You can't say that on YouTube I know that you can't say that on YouTube You can't leave it out No Wow, guys, you enjoyed this video Yeah, it's awesome It's a brutal language It's a brutal language It really is Fun fact, my sister cracks up every time when I speak Bosnian, she loves it Because it's, I'm not speaking that way at all But when I'm speaking Bosnian It's very different We just joke around Alright guys, thank you for sending us this recommendation That is really funny If you have any other amazing Filipino comedians that we need to check out Please let us know in the comments down below Better yet, head on over to Instagram Making it happen blog and Nelly's live Underline, underline Shoot us a message with your recommendations The best way to reach us Because, kind of, with the comments It's difficult to keep followed up But, um, insights pretty easy for us You enjoyed this video, thumbs up If you loved it, subscribe And we will see you guys next time on What's up Philippines? You