 Hi guys and welcome back to another double the reaction. If you don't know who we are my name is Molly and this is Matt We are full-time at shower vloggers and if you've watched our videos before on this channel Then your note is we're somewhere different. We are actually staying with my family. So we're in a new room Mm-hmm. We're basically in the countryside. We are right in the country. We are socially Distance because the regulations have changed slightly you are now allowed to visit It's like one other household or two other households Yeah, but it would make sure you socially distance when you're there So lucky the weather's good at the moment So it's a lot of sitting in the garden socially distancing and then back to our own respective rooms exactly and I quite like it It feels nice to be somewhere different and how's the video going my dad? It went well. Oh god I don't know why he went to do that I could never sit and do one with him We did say that double the reaction meant we were going to be doing so much more than just reactions It was a play on words So what we said was that we were going to be doing some cooking. We're going to be doing reacting We're going to be doing laying laying languages. We were going to have special guests talking news And if you've seen our videos we have done news topics and that's that joins me for a video Which is live to now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, go check it out if you haven't seen it already go and check it out There actually will be another one With my dad run it well not with me with Molly my dad But that'll come after this video because we're going to get this video out because we've been inundated. There's been Comment of the comment of the comment of the recommendation after recommendation after recommendation to react to this specific video on this specific day Makes me so happy far as days all you far as I have by the way um Hopefully this video will be up before the night in the Philippines Which is where this video that we're reacting to comes from which is Should we just get into it? Yeah, yeah, right. It is a far as day tribute Jolly bee commercial 20 now we've watched the jolly bee commercial before but we've never actually reacted to no We've watched loads of them so this is so exciting Um, but if you have any other recommendations for us because like Matt said we were inundated with recommendations Please send them over to our instagram at dabbling travel or comment below But do you want to start? Yeah, you want to start and before we start if you are Board in quarantine which I presume quite a lot of us are at the moment check out our travel channel which is As I was going to Instagram at the will travel check out one of our travel series But whether that's a new one in India Philippine Sri Lanka or an old kringi one in the lights of Hawaii and Fiji or if you want to see Matt's dad in the Philippines Because he came with us that is over on that channel He was so camera shy so for him to want to do the reaction was really was really nice actually That doesn't like it Let's get into this now So that might poll tape this is inspired by true story What? No, I'm not okay I'm not okay Everyone does that Oh, I can feel it's gonna be quite nice now Nothing could happen So true I just hate sad sad stories I really really do That will answer that day Oh the fact he's got to go to work during the pandemic Dracking that's what it is Uh-huh it's got to be that's why he's wearing the mask Is that any human? No, no, I hope not The papagod It's exhausted Having to go to work everything Yeah, dads are human Is it his work at a hospital or is he going to the hospital But I hate the look How he works that does he? I think he does He's a professor So yeah, this must be in the pandemic because he's got everything on But it's a support us Oh, is it clean? Oh, it's a clean out That's what people don't forget it's not just the doctors and nurses Well, we were girls there I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy He deserves it off the work And I'm so happy to be here No Why did you do it? To be with us The father's true strength Lows his bravery for his family He's so nice Oh, and now they've got loads of fathers And their names Police officer garbage collector fish vendor They're vegan at the same time. Food delivery, security guard, all out there, working hard when it's dangerous out there. Especially. Thank you, Dad, for your courage in front of us. We're facing whatever challenge that comes our way. So nice. Happy Father's Day. Why, the jolly bee, so cute, honestly. They are so sweet. They always, the videos, you want to move over just a tiny bit, so I can get in shot too. Some of the commercials that we've seen before, they're always so nice. And obviously everything revolves around jolly bee, but there's always a backstory. Yeah, how can a fast food restaurant meet such like nice videos with such a nice message? No, but Donald's all baggy thing. They never do that. When our commercials over here, they're always about the food. Like this is about the fact that the food brings everyone together and it's just such a nice thing. And it's so relevant that they're all going to work for their families during the pandemic, even though they don't know if they're going to be safe. Especially him with his story that he's working in a hospital as a cleaner. And people forget that it's not just the doctors and nurses and the hospital is for cleaners. It's the delivery man that works at the hospital. There's so many people at the hospital. It's lovely message though. It's a lovely message and I think it's a testament to dads. So happy Father's Day to any dads out there. Yeah. And I know it's a hard day for people that haven't got their dads with them, but that's something that you could... Yes, lovely. Go and buy us that the jolly bee. Yeah. Don't buy us that the jolly bee or whatever. We wish we could get it to the jolly bee. I wish I could get a jolly bee, don't you? We'll be able to soon. Maybe next week. Maybe next week. We are hopefully getting back out there because we can travel a little bit more of the UK. And the only jolly bee in the UK is about a 30, 40 minute drive from us, I would quite like it. How is it the only one in the UK? It's crazy. So we're going to go there. And it's also next to a Philippine supermarket. Some shop will pop in there as well. Of course we will. There's some ingredients I need to get. So you can start being cooked, and start eating. So as I said, if you've got any recommendations, now I'm talking for recipes. Any Filipino recipes, go ahead. At Dull and Travel, send them to us. So we can go to the Philippine store. Yeah, next week. I will try. We'll begin later next week to the Philippine store. I'm so excited. Luckily over the road from the Philippine store is jolly bee. So I'm sure we'll be popping in there. And we'll probably be even better able to get some of Sam and go like Red Horse. Sam and go like Red Horse. jolly bee. Next week is going to be good. It's going to be fun. Oh, right. But yeah, happy Father's Day. So all your fathers out there. And thank you for this. And treat them. And treat them. You know, I'm not going to be in the next video, but keep your recommendations coming. Like we said, even to our Instagram, like, double and treble. How many times are we going to do that in this video? Or comment below? This will be our new setting for the next few videos because we're here for two, three days. So get used to this spot. And I think that'll be the next video. Oh, my gosh. My God, I'm going to like that. Oh dear. Let us know what you thought of him. And if you're new around here, make sure you hit that subscribe. Drop us a like. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling. And keep on dabbling.