 Good morning and welcome to sunny shagawa. We did some recording yesterday because we couldn't be bothered to record. We come here and you'll see it's absolute paradise which is chilled out at a few beers but today we are what we've just had breakfast which is very very nice here at the banana beach club hotel and hostel. We went for it in a hostel very different we don't usually do that but it is like a luxury one so we thought we'd bite the bullet and go for it. Today we're going to explore shagawa and we've got a pad and it is the first time even of us have ridden the pad so wish us luck. It is our bike, it's very pretty, it's new as well so that makes me feel a little bit better. But both a little bit nervous obviously we've never ridden a motorbike before. We don't actually know where we're going we've got no internet but we're going to go for it. We're going to try and take it out until our first thing first we got to go and get some petrol and then we can go on our journey. So this is my dear, we're at London guys. We've got gasoline. So we've stopped off one hour away to the rockpool stop number one. This is Basie and you've got to come here everyone stops here sorry about that and it's the coconut tree lookout. And come on you can look at them all. There is so many and it's a great spot to get a good photo but I don't think I've ever seen that many palm trees in my life. But we've got to get going now because I think it's like still another 30 to 45 minutes to the rockpools and we want to find the rope swing and that famous road so we've got to get going. We've made it to the second stop and we have missed coconut road but that is only because we were looking for the mountains and as you drive this way there's no mountain but if you drive that way there's a mountain. So we're going to do that on the way back but we have made it to the palm tree. Palm tree, here it is. Look at it. It's just an Instagram life isn't it? Look at that. We need to get down there and get on it. So we're in, we're walking underneath the bridge now, banging around. It's 20 pesos each walk through a little village to enter. We can have a boat as well but I think that's 500 pesos. They take it to a secret leg's goon but I don't know how impressive it is. I'm really just here for the rope swing. We're going to do a rope swing. I don't think this is as much as a secret as it used to be. There's a lot of tourists that have found it. It used to be really hard to find. I don't think, no I don't have the paint in the bridge red but we're literally just driving along on the found it but it's still so I've come into like it's like perfectly positioned that ventrilo. That is incredible. Look at that. We just can't be floating down the river. Little bamboo boat. Let me show you here. Look at him. Look at the king chair because Molly bit on the ground to the leg and I've got a cut toe and thought we'd do this instead. Look at you. Who do you think you are? That's tiny face. That's another spin. Okay so from the bent palm it's about half an hour. Half an hour are driving and you get to Magapunko which is the rock for the rock formation. You have to pay five pesos entry and you have to pay 20 pesos to park the motorbike but we're just here now. It's quite busy. So we're in. It's actually another 50 pesos each. At the front gate environmental fee but we've got it at the perfect time. You've got to get here at low tide. You get here at higher tide. You can't go out there. It's just ocean. You've got to be careful what time you get here. If you get here too late you can't go out there because the tide will come in and you don't want to get swept out into any of them rocks. It's really nice. There's a lot of bars and restaurants behind me on the front. We're going to walk out to the main rock pool now. Look at it. It is incredible. You can see where you've got to get here at the right time. If not that would just be ocean. You can jump in into a rock to never feel. But you can tell since where I got people did say that Shaggyle became that island and you can see that a lot of people have definitely started coming here. It's dead during that time because it's very very busy. This is so clear. It's so fresh. It's like a mixture of sea water and rainwater. I don't know. It just is lovely. You can just hear 70 families at the time. That was so much fun. So pleased that we've got here at the right time. We cannot stress enough that if you're going to come through across here, check the tide. If you get on high tide like I said you can't come in here. Molly, this is having a rice before we get back on the plate. Try and find this coconut road. If you can't find coconut road, you want to make coconut road. So about 20, maybe 30 minutes considering his driving. From the rock falls you go straight and you get to the highest point. You get to Pacifico Beach. We've just got here so we haven't actually seen the beach yet but already it's a lot sunnier up here isn't it? It's really nice. Lined with them palm trees yet again. We're not going to come here but then we realise it was actually close to get all the way up north. So it was like. Also it looks like we're going to be on another hunt for another pair of sunglasses because shock, mats broken yet another pair of sunglasses. I tried taking them off to helmet still on my head and they still work for the meantime. I'm just going to stand and talk this way. We are back. We didn't think too much of the Pacifico Beach. It was a nice beach. Don't get me wrong. The tide being out made it all rocky just passed the sand and there wasn't that much sand. Not a lot of people either. It wasn't much growing up but there wasn't a direct thing. No she's right. We found the road as you can see from one of them shots. I think it's a secret. If you want to know where the road is comment below or message us on Instagram. We'll let you know how to find that road. We're currently back at the hostel. We call it a hostel. We've got a tandoir and we've got a sea stop shop at one of the stores down the road. There's no big shops but we managed to get a big lot of tandoir which is good. We're going to stay in drink for this. Not sure what we're going to do for dinner tonight. We're going to be in the next day. He's obviously more tired than me. Concentrating on the road. Having to help me on that. It does take it out of the business. We might actually go for dinner next door because we see it advertised in the Sabre Pacific's magazine on the plane. That got us a little bit interested. If we don't go there we'll just show you around the hostel hotel. Whatever you want to call it we'll show you around. So we decided not to go next door to Lusstead. I think it was. We've got a chat into the owner of Waparana Beach Club. He actually gave us an Italian sort of window work since Barbados. It's from the Aiga family. It's like a thick, like licorice sort of tasting alcoholic. It was just really alcoholic. Really nice. He has three inflow shots. So we had some not to go next door again. We had nachos here. They were really really nice. We are now just playing pool. We're going to just pop in. So we're going to play some pool. With my pool book. Now we're playing a play called The Games of Pool. We think the next door is a high-tech. It's really expensive for a show of alcohol for the Philippines. And the food here is great. We check out tomorrow morning and head to a new hotel which is a shame. Be nice to have our own space again. We've got nothing against it but we couldn't do a long term. So first I'm going to play a little bit of the room. It's not been bad at all but we do like cause of how much stuff and how many clothes he has. We did it in our own space. But yeah we're going to finish with this game pool and we will see you in the morning. If you need anything, hit that subscribe. Drop a like. Thank you for the round.