 Don't cry. Sorry I'm just... I don't know. I'm emotional. Okay, let's be okay. Nice shades. Like my glasses? Yeah, that's my... Yours? Triple protection. Face, eyes, forehead. Today is the most exciting day through the whole of lockdown. They easing it up a little bit here in this prison condominium sort of speaking. The pool is open finally. We can swim. Additionally, there's some news out there that they're gonna put simple back to enhance community quarantine. Or modify it. Or modify it. Big sir. I don't know guys. It's just... I believe this lockdown has probably done it worse because people just out of job, no food. And the rice and cheese just keeps going up and up. Come on, jump in. Bobo, rate 10th, rate 10th, 16th. Cannot see. That's a lot to see. Let's do a challenge. Swim for one hand. All the way to the other one. And one breath. I start. And then you. I start. I start. Okay, now show this to everybody. Three, two, one, go. For the first time outside together, all three of us. We're going to the Burang Kahaw. We're gonna get all the certifications. I know we're probably not gonna be able to go outside of a city for quite some time. But just to do the paperwork ahead of time, it's gonna save up a lot of time because these things can take days to process. And it's raining now, which is the best time to go because no one does anything during rain. So let's go guys. Do you like it? Hi. Happy boy, huh? You ready? See you, Dictic. How is it? Oh my god. You're not gonna believe how long this is gonna take. Forever. Over a week. No. To process. Crazy. I'm not getting. Two to five hours a year, then they set it to the city hall. Two to four days in the city hall. Then I have to send it back. And some days to get it back. I asked them like, it's a collage video. It took two days. I never bought that, but they said it's different here in Sydney because there's a lot of cases. And they want to make sure everything is perfect, but I still don't know why it's gonna take over a week to process. What can you do? Filipino time. Somebody's crying when you are outside. Oh, it's crazy. You know what guys? There was a good sign in the rain. The rain is always good. And I was right. There was no line at the Buranka Hall, so if you want to do errands, go in the rain. Take advantage. A cloudy, beautiful day here in Symposary. It's the June 15th. And today, supposedly, it's gonna be the big news what they're gonna do about the lockdown. It's 11 a.m., but unfortunately nothing has been said yet. They're still waiting on the news from the president. So we'll be letting it down the road today. We get those news, but in the meanwhile, we gotta stack up on some supplies. So let's go get some groceries. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. They're gonna let everything get in plastic now for the counter. So get a protection. Thank you. Huge plastic things before protecting the ladies. Here's the counter. There's the new norm, guys. Thank you guys. Thank you for your service. Salam ad. All right. Grocery shopping is done. Let's go back home. And as I'm trying to back home, you'll see a lot of buses here in the city. Just like it front of me. Because the gypsies are still banned. You know, that's probably the highest risk of spreading in the gypsies because everybody's still so tight, cramped up. And I'm not sure when they're gonna start opening them again or how they're gonna regulate it. And knowing the buses, they can only sit one in a lane or something. So they're being careful. Sir. 36.6. All right. Just made it back home after a short trip downtown to Cybersiddy to pick up my Sony lens, which I wasn't sure if it was already repaired or not. I just picked up the lens that I mentioned a couple of times before that it's being repaired. And that it took a very long time. But actually, they just didn't text me back. So they repaired time with the Sony here in Cypo. And to my little end back was very fast. So if you have something broken, the repair time is supposed to be very good. But yeah. And then of course, we never had an opportunity to pick it up due to the pandemic and all that. The traffic seems to be back to normal. There was a... I wouldn't say as much traffic as it was before because things were just taking a lot more time. But it was flowing. So I was nice to see. The most traffic is usually when the school is on, but obviously that's not how it is today. Check? Yes. What do you think, guys? It's 4.30 pm and today was supposed to be an announcement of what's going to happen if they're going to lift the MCQ. Reverde it back to ECQ. We're not sure yet. Normally they would have said something earlier, or even the day before. So there must be something going on. Now there's one really scary thing about what's going on in Cypo. And all the hospitals are full. There's no more hospital beds. And we've been hearing stories, reading articles, Facebook posts, people. I mean it's tough. It's really tough for the people here that are getting infected. And we're so many months into it. And now the hospitals are filling up. And I'm pretty sure it's not going to get any better because the number of cases... reporting every day now for the last five or six days is 100 plus. A lot. Like the highest spike since the start. And this is during lockdown. So what do you guys think? Is the lockdown helping? Is it not helping? Is it only delaying? The infection is because most of these cases that are happening in the city is like a predicted. It happens in the most densely populated areas, which is... Now everybody knew that. If it spreads in those areas, it's going to be like a wildfire. And that's unfortunately happening here. And there's just no way to prevent that. I think that was something everybody knew. But it was a risk. And it did happen. And now it seems to be escalating. But of course we play our part. We do as we're asked off. We stay outside. We only go outside. We need it. And that's about it. We stay patient. I know there hasn't been any blocks lately. We might have some projects to film about this lockdown. So perhaps in the upcoming weeks we might be able to go do filming and showcase what the prevention and the right methods of behaving after post-COVID. So we're excited to hopefully get a project like that. That's possibly the only option for us to go outside of the city and do some sort of a filming. Hey, I'm not a food jake. I don't think. Yeah. That's what they like to do every night. Do wrist links. We always wrestling. Yeah. And jake is like a spoiled brat now. I love CB. Love to cuddle. Cuddle. It's like a Filipina. Always wants to cuddle. Cuddle, cuddle. He's way more. Another thing was going on the sipu. I went the other day to the city hall and I saw how many people were there. And I was just, I was a little bit skeptical, a little bit scared of being there because there's too many people. It's so tense. So little do we know now they're disinfecting the city halls and that's not functioning anymore. And I took the right decision the other day not to go inside because you know, look what's happening now. And also today this building we're living in is being disinfected. But there's been no reports of cases in my building. However, in the other two buildings, the big towers around us, there's been a report of two or three cases. So, many, it's pretty much everywhere. But as long as you're not showing any symptoms, the newest research from the China Health Organization that if you don't have any effects, symptoms, coughing, anything, then it's almost impossible to spread it. So the good thing is as long as you're healthy, then you're not going to be, you know, spread it to other people. That's the newest update. That's nice to read. That's nice to hear. Come on, Daddy. Can you give it to Apple now? Yes. Come on. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. It's so funny. Like he's been looking at you and you're sick. So we're going to wait until tonight. I don't know if I'm going to have to walk now or you know, I'm just super confused what's going to happen. So maybe we'll give you a tip a little bit later on. What? What? What? What? What? Sweet creations by a friendly family that watches my videos. Wow. The center is Oreo cheesecake. We're going to stuff it into our mouth because we've been so busy filming for the last two days. Yes. Alright, let's dig in. By the way, Firmseh Bu. Link these guys down below. Sweet creation. They have a home delivery during this crazy lockdown. Okay, the moment of truth. Wow. What are my favorite Oreos? You are. Mmm. Is it good? With lakma diet. Yep, no more for you. It's mine. Oh, wait. Bye bye. Good night. Soft and I. Good morning everybody. It is the day after and we're still in the same video because whole obviously we were waiting for the news. The update. What's going to happen with the GZQ? And you know what they always say? Expect the worst. No, hope for the best and expect the worst. Something like that. And that's pretty much what has happened. And, uh, yeah, so we woke up early this morning. Jake went for a walk or run. Showered and now we're getting a book. And Zeebu has officially been reverted to ECQ. Oh, look at that. Oh, look at that. Only book, oh, mix me happy after hearing that. Feel Island vibes. Feel Island vibes. Yeah. Connect to nature. You know what that means guys? That means it's going to be two weeks of ECQ. And if they go back to GZQ, that's going to be another two weeks. So, in the fastest way, it's going to be at least a month more lockdown. I could have sleep last night. So, maybe Instagram posts to tell me what your guys thoughts are on this issue. So, a lot of you guys send me messages and thought I'd just read some of them out. You should get out of from that place to find more less populous place fit. I myself feel bad that what's going on as a government poorly hand-tastic. Okay. This Philippine has says, I think there are two main problems in the Philippines. Why these lockdowns don't really work? One, usually many people live close in one place together. Big families under the same roof. Two, no work, no pay. So, people keep going to work because if they don't, they won't get paid. And won't have money to buy food for the families. So, they kind of have no choice than to keep going out and potentially get affected. And then go back home where there are many people under one roof living altogether, spiraling the virus even more. It's really sad but understandable. So, as long as the government can't provide all of them with enough funds or food directly, these people keep going outside, which will continue spread the virus and increase the number of new cases. It's exactly, and that's just the sad reality. And it's nothing we can do about it, right? She wrote it really well this one here. That's basically the truth. I really like it. The hack which makes you explain, like, neutral. Not blaming the government. It's not blaming the government. There are questionable things, you know. We all knew this was going to happen. All new is going to be a problem. There's no surprise here. To me, there's no surprise spread. I always predicted it. And I knew we were going to go through really hard time here in Zipu. I've been in these places. I've been with the people of Zipu and the baranka is a... And I know how tough it is. I know how damn it is. And this is just no surprise to me. And of course, it's really sad. Good thing, Jake is a... How's your life today? What are you crying? Because all the hospitals are full and it's really sad. That is why we need to be safe strong. Don't cry, Blake. Don't cry. Sorry, I'm just... I don't know. I'm emotional. Good day. It's okay. Also, maybe what Sholi doesn't realize also is that, you know, I've been getting a lot of messages. People ask you for help. Yep. I also receive actually. It's really hard because I can't help everybody. I'm already taking care of everybody around me. Then I take care of some of my neighbors. And then extending help even further is just really tough, you know. And hearing these stories of people here, like, losing their parents because they can't get admitted into the hospital. It's just like... It's really bad. It's really bad. Yes. That is why I was thinking it's going to go to the gay and the world. Because that's my city and that's where I feel I'm born. Maybe that would be easy way for us to go out to see who's city. Good point. Rolling bread. Bread. I'm from there. I grew up there, so... Although I don't... I wouldn't want to be living like... My people in Zipu, it is out of my hands now. Let's see what we do. We'll think about it. We'll think about it. We're thinking going out to Boots City. Look. It's going to be a lockdown for at least a month. Yeah. Can't do anything here. Anyways guys, we have to sit back, reflect and think a lot in the next coming days. Thank you. Stay safe. Stay strong. Stay healthy guys.