 Okay, here's what I'm talking about. See that? That's purity crap. Look at this. I just, there's where the TV is going to go right up here. Um, God just doesn't know what he's doing. It's all I tell him several times what to do and he just doesn't know what to do. I just prayed him, got him out of here. Um, we're going to take care of it. Let me just step out here. Okay, see it was supposed to come down here. All the way down here like this, right? This is how he left it. Then, because he did not measure the cable, because I asked him three times yesterday, 15 meters was sufficient. Okay, he wind up cutting it and splicing it with another piece of cable and left it like this. Okay, totally unsatisfactory. The signal is going to get a call about this. I'm not tolerating this anymore. So you see, he's just left out here and out for us to fix, because he just didn't have a clue. He didn't care. It was an attitude problem. It's one thing if he just didn't know, but he just didn't care. And you could sense that. Um, so anyway, enough of my rant. Uh, so here's what we're left with. So what we did do, it is connected to the satellite. We just need to put a load on it today. So we ran the wire. We ran the wire. Brother Jay. And we ran it down inside the pipe. We cut a hole at the bottom, as you can see down there. Little square. We've gone the cable here. Um, what we're going to do is get some PVC pipe. Like this. I don't think that's long enough. I want to get it to where we can cut it to where it goes from there. Inside there, actually. Inside the hole there. With the wire, the cable running inside it, burying this little shroud here. Trough. Little elbow coming here coming up. And then the wire, we're going to clamp it in that corner there. Coming up. And then we're going to clamp it all along between the tile and the wall there. All the way over. And then we're eventually just going to use white paint. Well, we could just leave it black like that anyway. So we're going to fix it. And we're going to buy a connection at the electronic store, because that's what we decided to do, because I had enough of a guy. So we got what we needed list and what we needed. We're going to go figure that later today. And we're going to prepare this like it should be done. Um. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done with people's lack of days ago. Unprofessional, apathetic, this. I'm just done with it here. There's too many great, good, wonderful people, Filipino workers, hard working. And then I always seem to somehow another who run across those who don't give a dead burn up. And so anyway, I told him to go. And we'll tell signal. We have any issues in the future, not to send that guy to us. So that's it folks. This is ground level where they're at. It's hard. It's hard stuff. It's walk out here. It's weird. This is hard grass. It's that weeded grass. It's not just normal everyday grass. You can cut easily. It's some thick stuff. It's a thick stuff and it's cutting it with that blade so it takes a while. It's a lot of effort there. So I'm doing another reconsider. And probably wait till this evening. And I'm going to come out and do another assessment. So this stuff is pretty look at it. It's got these burrs in it. It's got this stuff here. We just just not easily cut. There's a lot of these patches and stuff over here. So it's pretty tough. So to be easier on the fellows here, what I'm reconsidering is just bringing the guy on the tractor over. And it's hopefully he's got some kind of system we can pull it down before he levels it because I won't everybody can see. I want to see, like here, you can see where it's here. It's built up here. It's a rice field all the way down here. All the way down there, it's like that. And it's like that over there. And there's either with the dirt. Trying to see where the dirt's fucked up there. I want all that flattened level. All the way over here. And over here, you can see here where the trucks got stuck before. Some of my earlier videos with a gals to ground in like that. That's that leveled up. And leveled in over here. Over there again. And over there by the Kubo was really bad. So they really dug in and tried to spin out. They kept trying to do it. And it wasn't going anywhere. Check out some of our other videos. I'm going to see it. These guys were told several times about not getting off of the driveway, especially during the rainy season because the land is soft. You see here? See? Keep the gals here. And there's more of it over here. And I'm walking through some right now. So look at this. You see this is what I want. After I get all these bottles of stuff up here. Damn, they're going so far some way out here. Look. See? Look at this. Let's see what they really got stuck here. So we're going to have to get all that done. Over here not so much. Because this side over here is a little bit more firm ground than the one I'm walking on now. So I can say I'm going to do a reassessment. You can see where the land comes up here. That's got to be leveled out. And sometime over the next several days, I'm going to do a better more intense look for it. And that's the walk around and pick this up. More garbage. Okay, that's what we're talking about. That's what we're faced with. Ever forward. Alright. Hey folks. You're just going to make this video here. Why we shouldn't do it? Because I'm irritated. I'm frustrated. I'm teed off with a capital P. All caps. This stuff. Um... Don't come to the Philippines if you have no patience. Don't come to the Philippines if you got a little bit of patience. Don't come to the Philippines if you expect things to go right. One percent of the time. One percent. Hang it out. Every move we've made in the past year has been a problem. It's been an issue associated with it. That you would not face in your own country. I want to make that clear. This is not bad Philippines. This is not a bad thing. I'm saying about this country that the people know. Beautiful people. It's the way of life. The acceptance here. For mediocrity. The acceptance here. For subpar standards. The acceptance here and say, how can we get more pesos from the people? Uh... It's the system. It's the way of life. And everyone accepts it. To converge, we went and paid our 2500 pesos to transfer it from our old home to the new home. Mind you now. We installed brand new PLDT up here on the second floor. We had issues with converged and reliability in their unscheduled allergies for a day, day and a half. No notification. No emails, no phone calls, no text messages. Nothing stating why the allergy occurred. Nothing. I'm still in love. You still pay full price. There's no... Whatever the people were, it is... Pro-rated, pro-rated, and whatever. No, they don't do that here. No, no, no. So... Converged shows up, finally. They should have showed up yesterday. They were supposed to show up yesterday. But it was too late for them. They wanted to go home, even though they passed right by the house. They left about five, ten minutes ago. So I'm still irritated. They show up, step out of the vehicle and go, Hey, Malayo! It's too far. It's too far to connect the converged cable from their converged box, which is up the street, that way, from the PODT box, which is right over here. It's too far. I want to do the transfer, it's 300 meters. Oh, sir, that's 450 meters or more. Can't do it without approval from the office. Well, that ticked me off, because... Can't do it. It's everything that we've done here. That's kind of what we get. Come, if you can't tolerate that. Don't come, if you can't deal with that. I'm just having a moment now, and then I'll be over it now. We'll move forward, like we always do. The other irritating thing was they can't call the office to get approval or talk about it. They have to go to the office. The office is among a whole. 25, 30 clicks from here. So nothing's going to get done today. And what I anticipate is, what we can do it, just in the morning. Now for the signal thing, it was 20 pesos for a meter of cable. That was just to connect the satellite to the TV. I have a funny feeling, compared to just going to be a little bit more per meter. And if we're looking at 150 plus meters, so my statement, if it comes to that, and I hope it doesn't, but it's probably going to come to that. Because everything we've done, every single thing that we've set out to do here, has been a problem on issue associated with it. Tied to it. That you will not experience in your home country, not every single issue. Here and there, but here, it's just a lot. So if that's what I'm told, and I'm going to say, then we're going to contact converge, because we have the number that actually, by surprise, it was direct to the owners, and we're going to say, listen, you can't transfer. Transfer fees, $2,500 pesos. You won't want more pesos, because your line's not there. That's your issue, not mine. So therefore, you need to cancel my contract, and no cost to me. I think we've still got two years on it. Just cancel the contract. Okay. And then we'll just call PODT and say, hey, do I need another modem in the house to go downstairs, or will have connectivity, or what? I don't want to pay another line. That's BS. There should be something else I should be able to do to put down there. The only reason we had converged before, because we have contract. I didn't want to get another contract with them and go another year. I didn't want to do that, because we've had issues. I wanted to get PODT a shot, based on Lady Jazz's recommendation, so what she's had before. So anyway, my rage is over. We're going to put up this video out on that. But it's one of the many gazillion issues, frustrations, the simplest things, become the most complex and difficult things. And usually it takes this to get it moving again, or to get what you should get for the base cost in the first place. So that's what I'm doing right now. I don't know if I'm going to put this up or not. Maybe I will. So now we're back to waiting, and we're going to call PODT and see what we can find out. Ciao, Bay. Bye.