 Hey how's it going guys it's Jusmus. Okay today we're reacting to this video documentary of Marui, 153 days of war. Okay last time I reacted to the battle of Marui I got to know about it a bit but not enough. I want to know about it more. I mean the Philippines where I love I must be more familiar with that right. So this time reacting to the documentary of Marui so that the take care and get more knowledge about it. We're gonna be long video this time so you guys ready? And let's go. Oh Death. The destruction. Wow. Wow. We're in a Muslim cemetery in Marawi city. Oh, God. Our buried here, local terror groups attempt to take over the Islamic city of Marawi in southern Philippines during the holy month of Ramadan. What do they want? Establish a caliphate where ISIS or Daesh will rule. Oh, yeah. Ramadan is a... I don't really know about the Ramadan, but yeah, I've heard of it before. It's a very special day for the Muslims. So ISIS made some noise at that day. That's terrible, isn't it? It's war. The Libyanos against Filipinos. It's like the Somnistink war. Soldiers, terrorists, battle over territory and flag. Oh, deterte. President Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. It's the biggest crisis of his young administration. Armed forces chief General Eduardo Anio vows to use his new powers to defeat the enemy. We will use the special powers of Marcelo to defeat this multi-group and other... Oh, yeah. Yeah, multi-I Google they are bad. It's IS team, right? Made this instant. In groups who are... who have connect rebel and trying to dismember this part of the territory from the Philippines. Oh, it's a rocket. Oh, wow. Residents flee. Yeah, I can't believe, yeah, of course, residents are there. They are living as usual in the war zone. Imagine, it's so scary, isn't it? The once bustling Islamic city turns into a ghost. So strange for me. I mean, I thought it being worse, you know, a Christian country. So when I see that kind of Arabic character, that's so strange. It feels like they are like Indonesia or something. There's no easy explanation for the tragedy that hits Marawi. The clashes start in a village called Basak Malutlu, where the military spots the most wanted terrorist leader and moves in to take him. He's hiding out there, right? Bullet holes on freshly painted walls show the intense firefight that erupted in this safe house. Oh my god, look at that building. It's like a cheese. There are lots of holes. I think it's made by guns, right? Wow, that's unbelievable. The Marawi crisis started here. This four-story building with a red gate was the target of a military raid on May 23, because here they spotted Abu Sayyaf leader Isnilon Hainan. The first clashes erupted here. ISIS names Isnilon Hainan Hainan at stop leader in Southeast Asia. The veteran terrorist leader, based in Basilan, is responsible for so many atrocities in Mindanao. He has long been the subject of a manhunt. In Marawi, he joins young radicals who grew up in the city. The Maute brothers led by Omar and Abdullah. They all pledge allegiance to ISIS. We tried to seek peace because of the pleas ofassa upon the requirement. But the secret has started to take serious activity during this war and our always hardworking time. FEMA made a move. What happens next surprises the generals. The armed morale residents rush into the streets, wave the ISIS black flag and attack the Pigeon points around the city. They occupy a Maipak-Pak medical center. They harass Kamp-Ranau, the military headquarters. They surround the city hall. They will take over the... They release prisoners at the city jail. Set ablaze the protestant Rondon-Salan College and the Catholic St. Mary's parish. They take hostages along the way. Move towards Bangalore, the city's commercial district, where they hold out for months. Marawi-Beeshop-Edwin de la Pena is a way when the terrorists attack the city. But his residence is packed with workers in the middle of preparations for the Catholic Fiesta. It's a holiday, right? So, yeah, residents must not prepare for that, right? So that's bad timing, really bad timing. They were ready captives, no? When the terrorists came in. They knew they were coming. Take his right hand man, Father Chito Suganov and Church staff. Nakarishi Bakunantawak using the cellphone of my secretary. But to my surprise, the bosses were all there. And the staff was ordering me to do this and that. He was giving me his demands. So, the father cares more about the resident life rather than his life. That's a brave decision. Bishop here is crying in the background. The man gives the phone to Father Chito. The bishop gets in touch with the military and receives instructions to keep communication lines open. I called back. I was the one who contacted them that I have already relayed the message. The armed men also target Dancel and Colored. A protestant runs school. The multi-brothers attended as young boys. I see. Yeah. They tried to brainstorm the kids so that they believe in us activities, right? Activity. Yeah, but dominating college. How can you be so evil? That's terrible. I think I remember also believes the God, right? So this kind of attack is allowed, so I can't live here. Father Chito is also forced into the van and of they went to Bangalore. Then they stopped over and we were in Bangalore. That's the way we were. Because we were just like that. We were just like that. We were just like that. We were just like that. We were just like that execution. We were just like that. For days, the bishop fears Father Chito is dead until the eighth day when he appears in a terrorist propaganda video. Oh my. Please consider. We want to live another day. We want to live another month. We want to live a few years. Oh my. Father was killed. But I really respect him. He was appealing the peace for IS and sacrificing himself. He's appealing. I know which their mind, but his appealing was meaningful and somewhere at least moved to I guess. This is Baloi Bridge in Marawi City. It is one of the three critical bridges in the battle area. It has seen a lot of fighting and then. It's still day one of the siege, but it is already close to midnight. First Lieutenant Heraldo Alvarez takes two armor vehicles and 19 men with him to rescue a wounded officer and bring in reinforcement troops. When I was in Brigade, I was in the Brigade. The bullets come flying as soon as they reach the bridge. I was just looking at the ground and I saw a fire. I saw the fire that was still there. I saw it. I saw it. Inside enemy territory, he learns that military armor can only do so much against rocket propelled grenades or RPG. I think it is why they armed so well. How did they get such a strong weapons from where? That's what I'm really curious. I was just passing by and I saw a few soldiers who were in the Army. I was just passing by. I saw a few soldiers who were not in the Army. When they were not there, they were all there. When they were in the Army, we saw a few soldiers. Thus begins the biggest battle of their lives. Their training, his leadership, are put to the test. I don't want to worry about the situation. That's when I saw a soldier who was in the Army. The Army was still there, the soldiers were still there. I was just passing by. They applied first aid on each other while they repel the attacks. Even if they were not there, they would have been there. If they were there, they would have been there. I told them that they were there. They would have been there. The sense of hearing. That was a situation like a commander couldn't give an order. That was a terrible situation. Soldiers firing spontaneously. I guess the situation was chaotic. The rescuers need rescuing. But by then, troops can't cross below the bridge anymore. I was just passing by. I told them that I was there. Because when they were there, they were still there. So they were still there. I was just passing by. If they were there, they would have been there. That's what they were doing. A chopper comes for them. But enemy snipers force the pilots to leave. But rest and his men take cover inside houses nearby. They try to restore the vehicle, but to no avail. They are on their own for days. They run out of bullets. The driver volunteers to get what's left in the other vehicle. At that moment they try to revise the vehicle. So述 cave they stay here. These officers should have the faster task. People should keep their rods of gravel andanoven to return. enemys burn the houses the troops 9 is this real world? Oh my god, what time watching it? Oh my, am I watching the game world? This is like COD world, world of COD. I can't believe this happened in actual world. Unbelievable. The air force is going to be destroyed. The rocket is on the north side and the expulsion. So, what do you think of the enemy? After several failed attempts, rescue finally comes on the fifth day. I'm going to take a drop, drop, drop, and the bullets will be destroyed. Bullets rain on them as they move towards the extraction point, where choppers are waiting. We are all dead, so we have to be careful because the fire is still burning. Alvarez brings home 15 of the 19 men he brought with him, a remarkable achievement in the battlefield. He is nominated to receive the highest combat award, the Medal of Bar. I'm going to take the title of our God because it seems like we are going to be able to take the bullets. It will take the military two months to regain control of the Balot-Ibrich. The bloodiest day of the war happened here, when 13 Marines died on 29th, 2017. Rest in peace. This is a song called Remedent, right? Yeah. I sometimes go visiting Malaysia and hear that song. Marawi is not always used for loose firearms. It took a while for residents like Abdul-Mohemim to realize it isn't the usual redo or clan war anymore. He evacuates on day 5 of the clashes. You can't live in the war zone. But escape is not as easy for others. Neighbors turn into heroes, in the rush to rescue civilians trapped in the battle zone. The residents are hiding in the house. In areas, rescuers cannot reach residents like Anisa Makado brave the crossfire. Ha ha, so brave. We don't know how to escape. We don't know how to escape. She's so amazing. So she escaped from the war zone like Ninja. Some residents are so brave. I know to live. They had no choice but to escape. Being brave, that was the only choice. She was a hero and a soldier at Bangalov Bridge and screams for help. In the middle of all the violence, residents like Naurodin are long to look man and his knees. Make a stand to defy the radicalism the terrorist espouse. Muslims protect their Christian neighbors. I told my Christian friends who are with me that I will die first before they kill you. I'm so happy that I can see that they are so beautiful. She's so young. Make no mistake about it. People in this country are out trade by this act. Some people want to drive away into the Muslim Christian and destroy the relationship with the Muslims in Christian and the country. Back in the safe house in Basak Malut, the military covers a video showing Happy Long and the Maute Brothers planning the attack. Along with Malaysia's most wanted militant, Ma Mood Akhmer. This guy, Mahamood Ahamud, Maudecian wanted man. He is a key player in the IS. I think many members of the IS came to Philippines from outside from the overseas. This organization gets bigger, got bigger and bigger. But the thing is why members, such as members of the Philippines in Mindanao, that's a question. Why? It confirms the foreign fighters are in Marawi. The video is part of propaganda footage the terrorist shot. The grand plan of this land as a school is actually in time of the first day of Ramadan. They were in the sea of Marawi and proclaimed my Islamic calipers state. Just like what happened in Mosul when I got the occupied Mosul June 2014. General Anu says the raid in Basak Malut, followed a bigger terror attack. They are not able to fully be quite older forces, actually even additional forces from AKP and DAF. Supposedly they were more of a sub-par. But because of the happen when we made the safehouse and we went to the tree, where we got also the capital of the beaches in that safehouse. Now we are glad, we are looking for more children and heart. But it also shows how much the military underestimated the enemy, despite intelligence reports weeks before the attack. I underestimated them. Actually I reacted to the video telling about the South 44. That was caused by inappropriate decision by a med-biter, Philippines armies commander. So I see sometimes problem happened in Philippines because of the negligence. So Philippines must be careful more, especially this kind of serious incident. Must be prepared well. The military operations are led by men who hunted down Happy Long for years. Lieutenant General Charlie Galvez is chief of the military command, responsible for almost all of the areas in southern Philippines where terrorism is a threat. Politician Mujiv Hataman worked with Galvez when he was a young officer in Basilan. General Galvezpo, the western Mindanao commander, was sent to the island of Basilan. So he was sent to the island of Happy Long. The ground commander in Marawi is his classmate in military school. Major General Rolly Baltista also came from Basilan. Asak YFU is cool though. Oh, some sniper there. SR, sniper rifles. He's putting some attachment on the nozzle so that you can't see the fire from that cool attachment. This is how the war is fought here in Marawi. The main battle area is about 200 meters away. The Marines here who are used to fighting in the jungles occupy tall buildings. And snipers here wore a hole on the wall so they could have a view of the building. Oh my god, you are reporting from the Wozong. Really dangerous place. By the way, are you safe? You should be evacuated. The main battle area. We are in the building for a day. And we are in the building for a while. Yeah, I know there are lots of buildings which means there are many places where you can hide out. So once you exit from the building, you are exposed and you could be attacked, fired by many snipers. So they are hiding in the building. That's so tough task. We're looking at the 105-millimeter cannon of the Philippine Army. We are 200 to 300 meters away from the possession of the enemies. It's the final push to end the war in Marawi. And from here we can already see the tallest building in the battle area. The CND center point where one of the officers of the army was killed. Actually, I respect this reporter. She is so brave. Reporting from the Wozong to report what's going on exactly in the Wozong to everywhere. She could be killed but she preferred her obligation, her job. That's honorable, really. She must be respected. The Philippine military fought urban warfare in some Wanga city in 2013. But Marawi is so much worse. Army. Air force. Air forces, comrades. Navy. Combined. Serious war, isn't it? Forces in the biggest, longest, and bloodiest operation of the Philippine military since World War. Oh my, really? I didn't know that. I should be sorry for that. Allies come to help. US, Australia. Fly surveillance base to help locate the enemy. China sends rifles. The mission is complete. Hubble, Japan. We donated some money. I hope so. Lacks. Nutri-lyzed terrorists will making sure the hostages are safe. The military resorts to airstrikes. Tories find residents like Normira Panganuman, who fear bombs will destroy their homes, or kill loved ones all throughout the battle zone. They are all dead. They are all dead. They are all dead. They are all dead. That's the problem. I want to go to the hospital. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. That's the problem. Weeks later, she is reunited with her family. Nightmare is all too real to the military. At least twice, bombs accidentally hit troops. Disbuilding. It's like a building coming up the battle royale in COD. Wow, so I can't believe it. The Marawi War forces young officers to grow old beyond their years. Billy Kodjam left military school only three years ago. In June, his company was pulled out of Bastille to join the fighting here. I was born before, of course. I had no experience in urban warfare. And you were born in urban warfare? In urban warfare, it's sniping. And the enemy of the enemy is getting hit by the bombs. The enemies are getting hit by the bombs. And they are getting hit by the bombs. You cannot expect firing from there. So scary. The young guy from the troops. As soon as you graduated from the military school, you sent to the warfare. That's a really good experience for him. But it must be really scary. I don't know which one is good, but this is his fate. So yeah, it cannot be helped. Won't forget his first battle in Marawi. The mission, clear this green building that serves as an enemy stronghold, a shown in videos recovered from the enemy. We have one of the things that we have to do in the league. We have to do the same. We have to make it known. We have to do the same. And then we have to explore the whole area. The whole area. The whole area. Colonel Monal Motivar is called Jump's Battalion Commander. In the first days, there is a few days. There is a stronghold of defense in the combat. And we are clear about the building that serves as an enemy. Is it a stronghold of building that serves as a green fight? Hmmm, many homes. That's right, you've to take a break. And I know this one. The firstlas in particular. You've been able to sail through the counter-defnel, going through a post-train area. There's no way to get used to, or to make you� an extra Canadian – maybe, the number one destroyer in the succesсive coming They make it to the city of Tangevan. Then they will take the land to the water. It will take them 4 attempts in a span of 3 days to take the building. 3 days! Just take one building, take 3 days out of mission. I can't believe it. One soldier is killed. What? Troops push on and learn new tactics along the way. But so do the enemy. The mosques make good hiding places. God. Doesn't look mosque like. It looks more like enemies fortress. We are limited to strike the mosques or we will kill the mosques. Because of high-levels. There are also enemies and the spectacles. They are all the same. The mosques and the basement are all the same. They also bore holes and dig tunnels. The military can found buildings with air strikes. But enemies can move from one building to another using these. So they are not going to be able to get away. They are going to be able to get away. They are going to be able to get away. So, they are going to improve their tactics and techniques. It's like what? First world war. You know, digging a lot of tunnels so that you can avoid gun fires. One strategy which was really popular in the first world war. We have to adapt to the best game of the tactics. If you have a 6-1, you can do it. No enemies to check. No enemies to check. Third. We will send mosques to the next world. Third. Fast. Fourth. Fifth. Fifth. Fifth. Six-one. A new problem emerges as troops close in. Improvise explosive devices or IEDs. IEDs. It's a small bomb. A.K.A terrorist bomb, right? It's a lethal weapon. I suspect that we are not aware of the class of the items. But probably, the remote control is by cell phone. The battle area becomes even more complex. Troops need to move fast to evade enemy snipers. But not too fast or they will trip on these bombs. The death toll rises. It's a big deal. The enemy is in the middle of the war. The enemy is in the middle of the war. The enemy is in the middle of the war. The enemy is in the middle of the war. We are expected to win. However, we are leaders. We tried so hard to protect the enemy. I'm just wondering how they feel. How soldiers feel when they are sent there. Of course, they are fighting for their country. For the sake of the Philippines, it's honorable. But in their mind, how they feel must be so scary. Some must feel they want to escape. It's up to them. But I'm so respect armies and troops. Their mind is so strong. Aloha. Almoda Vars' third scout ranger battalion later plays a big role in ending the war. Wow. That was surprising. We are going to the border of the river. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to transfer. I'm saying, why are they going to take the ISIS? The war against ISIS-linked groups in the Philippines did not start in Marawi. It's in Booting. Where the multi-brothers operated for years. Jansuap and the mother is Rambooti. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. Because of the armed forces, the ISIS is going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are going to take the ISIS. They are protecting the ideology. They are protecting the ideology. They are protecting the ideology. Which creates this kind of bad teams. Philippines are democratic countries. So, keeping each ideology is important. But which could be make this kind of bad incidents. So, this is really difficult topic. Isn't it? But delays in the peace process erodes the MILF's influence. F's influence, especially among the young. The leadership of the Mila belongs to the first generation of leaders and they are advocating for the political resolution of the Biconsa Kimida, now which government has not yet complied fully, especially the passage of the VBL. So in terms of moral ascendancy, I think the Modi group is taking something from the moral ascendancy of the Mila. Let's become a battle for the legitimacy. In 2016, the town that enjoyed relative peace since the MLF embraced the peace process becomes a battle zone once again. We're here at the municipal hall of the Biconsa Kimida in Lennard, Dilsur. Last week, the Modi group occupied this abandoned municipal building and for the first time raised the black flag of the ISIS. Kapilon joins the multi-brothers in Booty. They received funding from ISIS. Foreign fighters also come to help. Clashes moved to Pia Gapok in April and then Marawi in May. So Mindana was the best place to launch the ISIS organization at that time because of the ISIS ideology was expanding there at that time and it was a good timing to gather the many people who has, who's got the ISIS ideology. So that's why they got many funding from the ISIS headquarters or many countries and they gathered, they could gather the many members from the outside. I see. I'm getting to know about this incident. That's why. The wedding of Noreen Shabashair and Joe Marseau might lift the spirits of the evacuees at the Tensei team in the town of Pantar. It's a kiss kiss. Life goes on despite the difficult situation in evacuation centers but it's a long wait for the war to end. Ah, my terrible. Inside the battle area hostages learn to live with their captors. Lordevin Acopio is tasked to attend to wounded Maute fighters. Dr. Oma. Some reasons are no choice but to help ISIS. He loves to go. What is all these? Th curious world Bamboo is extensively use in both cases. One day Omar Mahutaf finds him crying. Right. There's God bless. He shops there are They are not recognized by the IH, because I don't recognize the news. They learn to pray like Muslims, but all the while they plan their escape. Before that, we have plans to make a lot of progress. We just saw the operatives. Because they are not recognized by the IH or the IH, but they are not recognized by the IH. We are only about 400 meters away from Batumaks. You should be escaped. They overwhelmed them and were able to rescue father Chito Sugano. After 117 days in captivity, they are... Preforming for... Finally! Thank you very much, God bless you! Troops push forward day by day. You come when the Philippines are me. That's the last of the days from the post. Fall one by one. Because they have the best shooting team in the world. That's the first mission. Is the London Milan and the Maudés put up? Oh my God! Is that... The London October 16th, 2016. Oh my God! They meet their hands in the ground. In an assault that curled up on the ground. Why you didn't cover it? I would let the happy lunch chest. Oh my God! Put an end to their reign of terror. I can't have dinner tonight. I'm not a original video. You can see the dead. But I put the cover. So that makes it more moderate. Just watch it. I am confirming that the thunted amir of ISIS in the Philippines. And Abu Zaykh Pida is Nilo Napilon. And the last of the dreaded mountain brothers over Omar Kayaam are both dead. Wow, divastik. This is what's heartbreaking going inside the battle area. We see how houses are destroyed. And we're seeing human skeletons among the debris. Still to be retrieved from the battle area. The crisis is not over. Beyond rebuilding homes. And burying bodies claimed by the longest wars in World War II. It's an urgent cry to address the root cause of conflict. There are boiling issues to resolve. To prevent Marawi from happening again here. Or elsewhere. I mean, I suppose Gueno is in it. We have enough.</p happen over here. We saw a high level of war. Something is coming. Anything had nothing to do with the war, either. You may come by to this area first, if we will. Leave us alone, and we will probably be stuck behind all of the fears. We will continue to come here shortly after, if we would not live in here and then you will need to adjust your existence. Or, determined of peace, better thought, belt, or competitor. But right now just a moment. Thank you. So why I don't really get why the news about this war wasn't really big in Japan. I knew the news about this war but I didn't expect this so catastrophic at the time. Maybe that's because most of the focus of using Japan is about the US. You know, we are the dog of the US so that's why maybe that's shameless right? Anyway, I've been reacting to this war and I found something new about Philippines. Some were really good, some were really bad. I feel like I got to know Philippines more. I'm glad to do that because of the Philippines. Well, I hope for the safety of the Philippines in the future more. And there are still a lot of issues that remain in the Philippines. I hope Japan helps a part of the critical issue in the Philippines and we united well in the future. Okay, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. Hope you like it. If you do, make sure to like the button and subscribe please. So, matayimasu. Thank you. Alright, see you in the next video. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right up next. Right