 Y'all are so hard to take on this song. Hi guys. Welcome back to my channel. How are you doing? I hope you all are doing great. Today is an exciting day. As I'm going to be doing a reaction on a song titled, Always Remember All this Way. This song was sung by a Filipino military lady. She's putting on uniform. I think she's a police. Guys, I so much love to react on videos like this because I feel like there's a lot of people out there. Their voices need to be heard. So if you watch this video, you love this reaction. Share the video for me. And if you're new to my channel, welcome. Please subscribe and let's call the family. Don't forget to click the bell icon so you don't get to miss out each time I bring amazing people like this. You're those dead. Don't waste any more time. I say all I know. I don't love to waste your time. Let's watch this video and see what she has for us. Okay. Gun transition. Of Filipino's god sing she is good. Survey filme bi魂 per me Terrabis us Miss Rei We say goodbye baby, When the sun goes down And the moon won't play I'll always remember us this way Love has ended, But we're trying to hide Woo! I love the gentleness of her voice Her voice is so great I love the way she sings right now Oh my God, she's so talented Let's keep watching But you're right But all of my winning love You'll never want to go To part of me to see you To never stop So when I'm all just up And I get fine to hurry Every time we say goodbye baby When the sun goes down And the moon won't play I'll always remember us this way I don't want to feel just as happy as ever Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! When I'm all just up And I get fine to hurry Oh my God, you're right Baby, it's so blessed Filipinos, your guys are so talented Whenever you guys are gathered together like this You sing Like singing is something that is normally your country And that is what I love about you people Let's keep watching every time we say goodbye baby When the sun goes down And the moon won't play I'll always remember us this way When the moon won't play I'll always remember us this way Woo! Woo! She is blessed I love her voice I love the way she was singing Like the gentleness of her voice Gladdens my soul, honestly She is so talented Oh my God, she is blessed Guys, let me know what I think about how you comment section If you're new to this platform, you love my reaction Subscribe, that's the common day for me Don't forget to click the bell icon so you don't get to miss out Each time I bring amazing people like this, you're those still And if you love this reaction, share the video Because I feel like our boys need to be heard all around the world Remember guys, I love you all Oh!