 Welcome, we're the Hutchinson family, a full time travelling family from the UK and we've spent the last five weeks living in Vietnam. We started in the north in Hanoi and worked our way down to Ho Chi Minh City. The adventures that we've had in this place have been magical and we can't wait to one day visit again. For now though, it's time to leave and head to our sixth country on our travelling journey and we really can't wait to find out what the Hutchinson staff for us. It is now time for us to say goodbye to Vietnam. We have had an incredible time over the past five weeks. We have loved every minute of it but we are now at Tanson Nhat International Airport here in Saigon and we're about to fly to the Philippines for Christmas. We can't wait. Oh dear, first snag in our travels. We haven't got the onward flight so therefore we couldn't check our baggage in and now we're back to the drawing world. Chris is here really trying. The first time we've been at it's full. So we're trying to get that sorted a bit of a clue to where we may be going and the girls are just having some cookies whilst we wait but this is the first time it's happened. Hopefully we can get it sorted out. Okay so we got through checking but that was the most stressful check-in we've had over the past six months. We've been to five different countries but leaving Vietnam to go at the Philippines was very very stressful. We wanted a lot of information including the girls birth certificates which we don't have with us. They would have taken pictures but we didn't take pictures before we left of them but it ended up okay in the end. We had to fill arrival forms out also for the Philippines and I had to book an onward ticket because I didn't have an onward travel ticket so I had to get that booked as well so we were really tight on time but we got it done now it's time to board the plane. So we're flying on the plane we're just about to take off. The flight is two and a half hours and Olivia's right next to me. Old cozy and they're resting like yeah so we'll see you on the other side. We have arrived in Manila and I am super super excited. I'm a little bit tired because we're up really early but I'm really excited and it's Christy's seat as soon as we've walked into the airport we are however in fact we are waiting for two of our caters and happy for a while fingers crossed they appear. Finally our last kiss has come off the conveyor belt we thought we'd lost one but we've got it at least bright pink. Who's is this one? Hey guys go up like this. Alright come on then girls let's go. Finally we are here in the Philippines we're in Manila and we're so excited. We've definitely chosen the right place to come for Christmas. As soon as you come from the airport there's Christmas trees everywhere all the decorations there's an an activity scene in the arrivals area with trees everywhere it just feels so festive but it's nice and sunny outside just now we like it. Oh dear what a crazy day. Now what we had done we had booked an Airbnb and we had gone above budget we had paid double the amount that we were paying when we were in Saigon. Jesford to be more luxury and more Christmassy and more spacious and the photos looked amazing and when we arrived it was a big disappointment the cleanliness wasn't there all the furniture in the photos were not there and the smell was outrageous and it just wasn't safe for the girls. So the girls were crying it was all a little bit of nightmare we stayed there about one hour before deciding we're getting out of here the girls were upset we need to be and we are now staying in this hotel for the next couple of nights but come and check this out I'm just sitting in the lounge area now like wow this is amazing you've got your table here look at that just check that out that's gorgeous here's your kitchen as well water amazing then you've got bathroom number one and we come through here's the girls room and then here is mine and Chris's room it is amazing the outbar room it is incredible yes we're a manila for Christmas can you please comment down below anything that we must see around Christmas what will the girls love anyone who knows anything about Manila in the Philippines at Christmas time please comment down below so we're finally out and about in Manila the last couple of days have been a little bit of a well-wind we arrived being super excited ready to take the Philippines on and unfortunately when we arrived our Airbnb was absolutely dreadful what we had to do was just pack up and leave and make loads of other decisions and we're now staying in a hotel for the next couple of days we've all sorted out now we're all refreshed feeling a bit better and we're out and about to check out what Manila has to offer we currently here in Result Park and apparently centuries ago this is where the rich and elite from Manila used to hang about and have social events and parties and listen to music very very interesting but we've started here we've got the massive flagpole in the background and it's a really cool historical place to come and visit here in Manila people keep coming up for the so-so friendly and it's different to any other countries we've been in like they just seem so happy and joyful and want to be on camera which is really funny but we're just here in the park and there's literally music Christmas music going on behind us which is why we came to the Philippines because it's so Christmassy it's a Christian country and where Christian and the Christmas celebrations just are really big it's just going off so we've got the fountains the Christmas music in the background this is really surreal the Philippines really is full of culture and its main heritage is heavily influenced by the Spanish colonization period that lasted for 300 years between the 1500s and the 1800s during this time they introduced Catholicism which made Christianity the main religion of the Philippines and it still is to this day there is also a Spanish influence in the language the food and the architecture but also a hint of American as well we know there's so much to discover here in the Philippines so make sure you subscribe and stay along for our journey as we explore the Spanish influence is now coming through we've got Felice Navidadon one of my favourites so we've come to Johnny Bees for our dinner we're absolutely starving and I think this is basically the Philippines McDonald's it's got loads more on the menu to order but Christ has gone up an order and has come to about 10 pounds to feed all of us so that's a really good price I'm not sure on what it's going to taste like it looks nice at the moment the girls got to get evolugnese Venezuela's got a hot dog mean because we've got a burger each I'm going to give this a try and enjoy it oh there's part one of the order part one that's right here I like this I just seen this video yeah okay it doesn't look bad we're going to give this a go I've got my burger it's got bacon in there it's got cheese in there it looks quite small but I'm going to give it a go big taste tell you what we're looking at one of those nice non-P things at McDonald's the taste in this is absolutely incredible it's very yummy okay so I've got the bacon cheese yum burger feels quite small but that's less calories I guess it looks really good okay here goes my first jolly bees I'm wow I'm going to give that a solid straw like a nine-out attempt that tastes really good it's only small but it packs a bunch there we go our first little taste of manila it's been a little bit of a raw pigeon he's so far we landed yesterday then we had a bit of a mess with the Airbnb that wasn't what we thought it was going to be and this place is pretty mental so we're just finding out for you getting used to it but the people are really really lovely jolly bees is delicious so we're excited to see what more we're going to get from the Philippines if you enjoyed this video please give it a big thumbs up don't forget to subscribe and we shall see you in the next one bye this is just the beginning of our Philippines journey we've got a lot of places to visit over the next eight weeks and a lot of videos to film so make sure you hit that subscribe button turn the notification bell on and stay tuned for our next video