 They are really amazed. They never thought that this is how the Philippines turned to it. Yeah, so it just... Yeah, so where are they? Oh, Mama and Mama are here shooting. The day is here. Yeah, so...right? Spread the word. Yeah. Yeah. You are beautiful. Write a love message to help you write a love message to help you read hardreams and listeners. I'm just wasting time I'm just wasting time I'm just wasting time I'm just wasting time I'm just wasting time I'm just wasting time I'm not hungry, I'm here to fry But I'm still hungry, and I'm not in love I'm in love, I'm in weapons, I'm in weapons I'm not too bad Well, it still has me, but my mind will be there soon I'm seeing more of a little bit of the light As my stage now I'm in the shadow of the angel's heaven I'm in the age now I'm still hungry, I'm here to fry But I'm still hungry, I'm here to fry But I'm still hungry, I'm here to fry But I'm still hungry, I'm here to fry But I'm still hungry, I'm here to fry But I'm still hungry, I'm here to fry But I'm still hungry, I'm here to fry But I'm still hungry, I'm here to fry I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends I'm going to play a song with my friends Oh, oh, maybe I'm not going to be alone Here is the music You can hear my song is going to be an I have just left Wait, you can hear my song I'm going to play a song with my friends Okay, I know I know I know I know It's cute I'm going to play on my bed Okay Our boat comes, our boat means my love Cause I'm common women and girls fall I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit moreiloquics. I'm narrow to the side. I'm going to do a little bit moreiloquic. I am going to do a little bit moreiloquics. last bit time last bit time last bit time last bit time last bit time