 Manila has everything and has amazing coffee shops, great food, both street food or fine dining malls. Oh my god, the malls here in the Philippines are absolutely amazing. Manila is such a city, it makes me enjoy it way way more. Great. What? Thanks. What's up, Philippines? No, no, no, no. What's up, Philippines? What is up guys? I'm Mike. And I'm Nellie. I'm going to travel for a lifestyle vlog, it's the best in the beautiful city of Makati here in the Philippines. And in case you're wondering why we were talking German earlier on, we are actually from Austria. I decided to live here. And yeah, the reason why we love it here is that there are so many reasons. But you should definitely check out our main channel making a tattoo vlog because you will see why we love being here. Why we love living here? Do you know where Papa is right? Here. Yeah. We are reacting to another tourism ad about the wake up in campaign. Oh, okay. And this time, you know, we did the wake up in the Philippines one. And this time we are reacting to one which is in the NCR region. Mm, nice. Yeah? Are you ready? I'm ready. Okay, let's go. I just woke up from the time of my way. Bye bye, Central Muras. It started with a major throwback. Did I go to meet the big shots? Chinatown. Chinatown. We know. We are the sweet spot between the two cultures. And hug out with the artsy crowd. I even picked up a few things along the way. After that, things kicked into overdrive. It started with a whirlwind through the streets. And unforgettable eats a celebration of flavor in every bite. And an epicue party at every turn. The best thing about it here, the good times are never over. Wake up in Metro Manila. Okay. Yeah. I'm a strong believer that Metro Manila and the NCR and a lot of the North of the Philippines is oftentimes completely overlooked when tourists, especially foreign tourists, come to the Philippines, they kind of pass through Manila. Yeah. Like international flights come in through Manila, go straight to El Nido, Baratkaya or anywhere in Palawan. Yeah. And people skip a very, very important part of the Philippines. And that's why both Nellie and I, we've made like a ton of videos about amazing tourist destinations within the Metro and also in close vicinity to the Metro. Yeah. There's actually a playlist on our mention on making Tap Me Blot, which is called Things to Do in Manila. So if you are looking for anything to do in Manila, while you're here, if you just want to escape your own four walls, definitely check it out to go pop up right here. And I think that Manila is a city, I think it has a lot to offer when it comes to history, when it comes to culture, when it comes to just embracing the city life. Because there are sometimes cities that are less about sighting spots, it's more about immersing yourself into the city life. And I think that it took me very, very long to realize that, but not that I know that Manila is such a city, it makes me enjoy it way, way more. Yeah, I mean, Manila has everything, it has amazing coffee shops, great food, both like street food or fine dining malls. Oh my God, the malls here in the Philippines are absolutely amazing and quite frankly, I like malls like in my cutting beach, you see even more than the mall of Asia. Yeah. So, like people usually stick around that area, but close to the airport, but there's so much more to see. Yeah, markets, that's, as Mike said, so much. But yeah, I definitely want to, we definitely want to encourage people to explore more of Manila and that's why we also create, that's why we're also creating travel guides for you guys. So if you want to check those travel guides out, it's linked down below in the description. Yeah. Yeah, and the description, you will find a link where you can submit your recommendations to us, videos you'd like us to react to. Yeah, that was it. That was it. Thanks for tuning in guys. Little small little COVID spot in the Metro Manila in the comments down below and we'll see you guys next time on What's Up Philippines? Bye-bye.