 Hey guys, it's me Yoshii and this is my younger brother, Kouhei. Say hi to them. Hello. We are going to react to culture shocks I experienced in the Philippines. Yep. I think she is from Korea. So let's just watch this. Let's just watch this. Yeah, I guess. Okay. Hey guys, Jessica here and today I have another money with Mr.D for you guys. She did the same thing with you. We have never watched. I saw it. Yeah. The culture shock moments I had when I first came to the Philippines. And rather, she's really good at English. Yeah. Speaking in English. I think like Korean people, they are like better English. I'm sure they're calling it a culture shock. I would like to define it as the cool things I found in the Philippines. Anyways, let's just get started right away. The first thing that I found cool or I was shocked at was the guards. I still remember this moment when I first went to SML and I saw female guard and a man guard having a gun at the back of the pocket. They were checking the stuff. First I was like, I mean, am I going to eat? Actually, like one of my friends, Sako, she said the same thing about the court too. Like they have guns. Like the big guns. Like in the United States. Like in the United States. I see. We don't see that in Japan. We don't see that in Japan. The police are like this mini gun. Yeah. Really small one. But security usually I have like mini guns. Mini gun. Airport. Why did I have to, you know, check my back and stuff. But after a few days of living in the Philippines, I realized that that's a common thing here in the Philippines, you know, to have security guards over the place. Because in Korea, there's no security guards guarding malls or markets. It's just, you can just enter. Anyone can enter. So it's like same as Japan. There is no security guards. Yeah. Second thing is the gays and lesbians. Of course, like gays and lesbians exist in everywhere, right? But in Korea, it's like not a common thing. Or if there's a gays or lesbian in the street, it's kind of hard to notice that they are gays or lesbians. But in the Philippines, there are a lot of those people. At first, I was just really shocked because like I was really young and I didn't even know what gays is. So here in the Philippines, like if you just go out in the street, you can just easily catch a gays walking by or lesbian. Most be gays. Yeah. So I just found that cool. Third thing is the sari sari store. I remember this time when I went to this village where people lived and then I saw a sari sari store. But I didn't know that it was a sari sari store by the time and I saw them selling a coke. What sari sari store is that? Sari sari stores. Sari sari stores. Like she speaks like, you know, like everyone knows sari sari stores. We don't know sari stores. In the plastic bag. Even the water. They sell water in the plastic bag or any drinks. I didn't know that that was such a common thing here in the Philippines. But yeah, I just found it cool. Also they sell cigarettes like one by one instead of a whole package of it and the price was unrealistically cheap. It would cost about one person to buy two small candies and they're also snacks. I don't get that. I don't get one person. You know, like one person must feel like 100 yen. 100 yen. No, like 300 yen. Okay, yeah. Oh, now I got it. So that's so cheap. Yeah. Yeah. And a package that costed five passes. That's like a prize of not even one candy in Korea. So I was pretty shocked at it. And the fourth thing that I was shocked at was. I know what you mean. It's really cheap Japanese snacks for the guys. For younger kids. Yeah. But throwing trashes. Like let's say for example in the theater, people would just like leave their trashes under seat in Korea that's like very uncommon thing to do because people would bring the trashes with them and throw it in the trash can which is like right by the exit. So like I asked my friends like, oh, why don't you? Why don't you clean your own trash and then they were like, oh, you know, their workers are clean for it really? And yeah, that's your job. You know, it made me think a lot of stuff but also in cafes. You know how in Korea, if you order your drink or like a dessert, you eat it in your seat or in the table and you have to bring it to the counter, right? And that's like such a common thing. Like we're just so used to it. But in the Philippines, they just leave it there. I've never seen someone who actually throws or like bring back the dishes or the cups. Like at best food restaurants, for example, I've seen people actually throwing their trashes in the trash can but that was also a rare thing. So yeah, I think people are kind of used to those kind of things because they know that there's a certain worker whose job is just to clean the trashes. Number five is the trait of the Filipino. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, I think it's the right. Yeah, I mean, what do you think? Like in Japan, it's kind of like half, like half people just not a rule to bring. Yeah, it's not a rule to bring the trash to the counter, but it depends on the places. Yeah, it depends on the places. The first trait I found from the Filipinos was being late. It's so nine out of ten people I met was late when it comes to like beating or hanging out. For example, if I was going to meet them at like 2 p.m. they would come at 2.50 or even later than that. Honestly, I'm the type of person who really keeps time to sit. If my eating is at 2 p.m. I would go with the meeting place at like 1.50 and wait for the rest of the people. One time I was going to hang out with my friends and then we were going to meet at like 3 p.m. I think. And all of them ended up coming at 4. At first, of course, I thought that it is only for me. I thought that my friends are the only ones being late. That's you? Yeah. That's what I do all the time. Yeah, well, really. Yeah, like people say Japanese people are punctual but he's not Japanese now. He's from Filipinos. I feel like in like hot places, people just like don't really care what time it's like in Okinawa. Oh yeah, that's, yeah, that's true. They don't even like, schedule. They're just like coming here like tomorrow and like they like come around like 7 p.m. Yeah. Yeah, I think there is a tendency of tendency. Yeah. So I asked another Korean people out there if they also experienced the same thing. And they were like, yeah, they agreed. I think this is a sad thing. Another trait of them is like burping so naturally. Because in Korea, it is very, very rude if you just burp. When you're late, take your time. Oh, so that's your mind. Yeah, yeah. Good mind. Naturally, because in Korea, it is very, very rude if you just burp. Unless it's a joke. Now I'm a little bit used to it not completely because I can't get used to it for some reason. One of the most common traits would also be like raising eyebrows. And I think I kind of like adopted this already because I raised my eyebrows like 100 times if you guys noticed. It's like one of my habits, one of my bad habits. Filipino would raise their eyebrows if they want to say yes to something. Like, for example, if someone asks me, hey, have you eaten? I do that a lot of times too. And last trait that I noticed was their mouth. So, for example, if you would ask them, oh, where's the phone? And they would be like, there. Now I'm pretty used to it. So I even indicate something using my mouth like the last thing, which is the six. Kissing someone, kissing in the air. Yeah. Yes? So when you want to say yes and indicate some point, yeah, like you have to be like, yeah. Okay, I would start off by mentioning tricycle, which is like one of my favorite, right? When I first came to the Philippines and saw tricycle, I was like, oh my gosh, I have to write that. My mom, what did it really allow me to write it? Because it's dangerous. But you know what, tricycle fees are very expensive. They would like call up a higher price to foreigners because they believe that foreigners don't really know about the typical prices. Of or rate for riding tricycles. Also, another ride would be cheap. And I like cheap. I mean, it's very cheap. And I just like how you have to pass the price to the person in front of you. So the person in front of you would pass the money to the person in front of them. I mean, I don't know, that's so humane. Right? If you just want to stop in the certain place, you would just say, oh, I'm here. Stop here and he would just drop you there. So I think that's like a very good thing, right? But I don't really write you things a lot of times because I don't know. I'm kind of scared because of getting picked pocketed. Also because I have an experience of being picked pocketed. Right. So I think that's the end of this video. Hope you guys enjoyed it. And I'll see you guys in the next one. Bye. Whoa. I got scared. I wasn't. Okay. Okay. So that was it. That was like great experience, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want to write the tri school. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We don't have that in Japan, sir. Yeah, like we have a... How do you call it? Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Human call. Yeah. Have you ever... Yeah, I've been... Oh, okay. It's really expensive, so... Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's really expensive. Yeah. So we keep reacting to like the video about Philippines. And now I really want to go like when the situation is over, we definitely would go. So that's it for today. Yeah. Thanks for watching. Please comment. Whatever you want to comment and also please subscribe to our channel and also hit the like button as well. And also please comment whatever you want to comment. Yes. So see you guys next time. Next time. Next time.