 It's really good and I'm happy to see you again in my channel. I'm Sylvia and I'm your host. Before we even start this video, I'd like to tell you that my heart goes to all of those who've been severely affected by this environmental disaster which is Typhoon Rye. Okay, my heart also goes to the environment because this typhoon doesn't just ruin cities and homes, but it also ruins the environment, you know, like forests and such. Now, having said that last week, I reacted to a news video about this horrible typhoon. A subscriber saw that video and contacted me and suggested that I react to another video called typhoon Odette, right? Hits Shiaragau, Dina Gat, Southern, Late Table Hall and Sibu Bagyeon. Okay, but I thought that I wasn't just going to react to the video. I thought that we should do something different here. So I did some research and I tried to look up some organizations that can help with, you know, the destruction that this typhoon did in the Philippines. And I found six. I will put the links in the description and I will pin it in the comments. So we got Palapino Workers Center, UNICEF Center of Disaster Philanthropy, Global Giving, Local Lab and Kids for Kids, okay? I leave it at your discretion if you'd like to help, okay? But personally, I will give however much I can, but for those of you who want to help but can't, what we're going to do is your job basically is just going to have to share this video as much as you can because the amount that it will garner in 24 hours, I will give that money as well to one of these organizations, all right? So the more it's shared, the more it's viewed and the more basically money it will garner. So yeah, that's what I will be doing with the amount of money that the video will garner in 24 hours. Now you know everything, but before we start, consider following me on Instagram at Music Game. News and if you have a preferred choice of these organizations that I should give the money to let me know in the comment section below because I'm not familiar with all these organizations. The only one that I know is UNICEF, but UNICEF, I don't know if it actually has anything to do with the Philippines, but you know like Palapino Workers Center, it has Filipino in it, Global Giving, Local Lab, I think all the other ones are actual Filipino organizations, so those sound more legit to me like I want to give to a Filipino organization. So if you can help me out with that, I'd be grateful. If I don't have any suggestions, then I will just have to donate to any of these organizations. Alright, let's get to the reaction video. Oh my god! Look at the trees! Did you see the roof of the house just flying away? This is so scary. Oh, damn! Oh my god! You can't see anything! This is terrifying, seriously. Oh! Oh! Oh my god! Close the door, man! The house is wrong with you. This is so scary. Oh my god! Oh my god! Dude, I mean the wind just did the sound of the typhoon is scary. The sound alone, oh my god! Oh my god! Look at that! How many kilometers per hour is the speed of this, you know, of the typhoon of the wind? Oh my god! Seriously, this is terrifying. You can't see anything, man. Okay, so this is a compilation of people who filmed the event. Oh my god! I cannot believe this! Look at the trees! Look at the trees! They're almost horizontal. Oh my god! Mother Nature can be unforgiving, man. Oh! I feel like I'm watching a movie. This is nuts. I cannot believe people are actually filming and calm. Oh my god! Dude! I'm so sorry! Oh my god! Did you see that? Where is this taking place? It looks like a fancy place. Oh my god! No! Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god, I have chills! What the hell, that looked like CGI! Can you believe that shit? oh my god! Oh! No! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Oh my god! That was terrifying! Oh my god! Why are you outside, dude? Why are you outside? I don't know if I can finish this video, man. See, it ruins nature as well, not just cities and houses and buildings. Wow! Wow! And you guys deal with this kind of stuff? At least, I don't know, 10 times a year? I can't even imagine. Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god! Like, seriously, build your houses according to this, man. Oh my god! Wow! I said I don't have anything! Oh my god! Wow! This is really cool! Oh! She said no! I hope no one is in there, man. Holy moly! rightrah seem sext Look that's freaking cool, his name is Doc Look there! Look out... I just let him walk... ... procedure Doc Is it patchy? Well, this is good... What will happen? Nothing, look how sudah leaking Look it's monotony He said that to the church Oh you guy it's so strong it's just Oh my god, look at the water, it rose so high. They are under rooftop, in order to escape the water. Oh my god, look at the water. Oh my god, look at the water. Oh my god, look at the water. It's like a tsunami. This is not a typhoon, this is typhoon tsunami. Don't tell me it's gonna pick up the truck. No freaking way. No freaking way. Because there is someone in the truck. Oh. Oh thank god. It's insane, it's insane. He's laughing. How can you laugh during this time? But then again, Filipinos are used to it. How can you get used to this man? I guess you can get used to anything really. Filipinos are basically decentralized, or decentralized, decentralized. To typhoons. They're not sensitive to it anymore. Hey, hey, hey. Can you imagine the people that could not escape this? This typhoon was fatal. Oh my god, I must have been so scary. It's sad and scary. Oh. Oh. Wait, you know what I'm doing? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I wish typhoons would leave the Philippines alone. Oh my god. Oh my god, man. Oh my god, man. Oh my god, man. The house is completely ruined. No more windows, no more nothing. Oh. Oh my god, man. This is unbelievable. Unbelievable. Seriously, movies inspire themselves from reality. Reality is all you need, man. It looks like the end of the world, seriously. I don't know if you guys remember that movie 2012? Is the house shaking? I felt like the house was swaying. Oh my god. Is it going to... Oh lord. Predators, what predators? God, can you imagine the amount of work that will take to fix all this? Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Please resist. Oh my god. Oh my god. Please, are you waiting? God, you can do it. Church? Is that a church? What are you doing, dude? Why are you there? Is he just praying? What is this place? How long did it last for? Does it last for hours and hours and hours? Days? I don't know. Oh wow. It's like basically the sea is among us. This is insane. This is nuts. Oh, you're, you're, you're. So when it is up front? Oh look at that. Look at that. Did he say grab it? That doesn't look like a house. It looks like a mall or a shop or something. A public place. Oh my god. Look at this. Look at this mess. Look at this mess. It's heartbreaking. But what's important is your actual life. Other things are material things. In good spirits. You guys are amazing. You guys are amazing. You guys are amazing. You guys are amazing. You guys are amazing. You guys are amazing. Oh my god. Oh my god. Look at the room. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. The intensity. Are they in a car? Are they in a car? Oh my god. It's a real disaster in every sense of the term. Look at that kitchen, bro. Oh my god. And it kept me so dangerous with the electrical wires and everything. You know, electricity and water. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh wow. I can see broken trees. Wow. Looks like. The landscape is probably going to look very different after the tycoon. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm sorry, but the people who are filming are risking their lives. Like, you shouldn't. Do you hear the wind? The whistle? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm guessing it's not supposed to look like a river, right? That area. Yeah. Did I hear a glass shatter? Wow, this is actually a long video, eh? Yeah. Oh my god. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Man, that roof is completely ruined. It's completely ruined. There you go. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. Guys, this video made me feel so many emotions. It terrified me. It made me feel small. Like super small. Dude, stop worrying about your tiny, tiny ass problems, man. Some people are dealing with stuff like this. It's life and death in the balance. Like, oh my god, this is insane. This was terrifying. And I feel sad. I feel so sad for these people. You know, I'm glad I reacted to it. Please, guys, if you can, if you can, of course, and you want to help out, help out, I put the link in the description below. Like I said, I will give, however much I can. And the amount of money that this video will guard her in 24 hours will definitely go to one of these foundations. And I say 24 hours because that's the bulk of the money that a video makes. On YouTube, analytics, I can go and see how much video made in 24 hours. And that's exactly how much I'm going to give to one of these organizations because they clearly, clearly need it. But also goes to show that you cannot build houses in these environments. You know, you got to be strategic with how you build houses in environments like this. You know, that are hit by typhoons, by volcanoes, by earthquakes and stuff. You know, you got to build accordingly. And when you build your house, you got to make sure that it won't get ruined by stuff like this. This is heartbreaking, man. It's unbelievable. And when I think about the fact that you guys deal with this stuff often, oh, wow, it's insane. I mean, yeah, I know the Philippines is a beautiful, beautiful country, right? But it comes at a cost. Clearly. I mean, yeah, here in Canada, we deal with the cold. But the cold, you know when it's coming and when it goes away, so you can prepare for it, right? And they've been preparing for this environment in Canada for years. So now it's not really a problem. But the Philippines, you don't know, really, when a typhoon is going to hit, so you're never really prepared. And since, you know, the Philippines is not a rich country, but in poverty, most people cannot deal with this stuff. They just have to pray, I guess. This is insane. This is insane. Like, is it wise to live in the Philippines? Is it wise? Like seriously? This is a serious question. And I'm not judging the Philippines. Okay? The Philippines is a beautiful country with beautiful people clearly. But is it wise to live in the Philippines when you think about the future? You know? Especially like, I'm not just thinking like 20 years from now. I'm thinking 100, 200 and more, you know, when, because clearly the water is rising. And the Philippines are islands, bunch of islands. Are they eventually going to be, you know, how do you say that in English? And drowned, drowned by the sea? I'm thinking that will happen eventually, hopefully I'll be like, like millions of years from now, but still, well, look, if you want to live in the Philippines, clearly you have to find a spot that is, that does not get often hit with, you know, disasters, environmental disasters. And then, if you decide to build it or rent a place or buy a place, make sure that that place was built accordingly. Okay? Wow. Wow. Wow. I am speechless. This is insane. This is insane. So yeah, I don't regret reacting to this because it will sensitize, it's insensitive, I see people to this, you know, and just show them what's happening in the Philippines and hopefully they will be able to help out. This is crazy. Anyway, guys, like I said, my heart goes to everyone who's dealing with this. Stay strong, keep safe, stay safe, take care of yourselves. You know, if you have the choice between, you know, material things, filming this, you know, with your phone or your life, please choose your life. Okay, don't be stupid. You know what I mean? I'm serious here. Your life before anything. Your life. So please stay safe, take care of yourselves, and thank you for those who can help, you know. And yeah, I will catch you guys hopefully with a video that will lift your spirits up. Peace. Thank you for watching, subscribe here, and please like the video to show your support and appreciation for my work, and turn on the notification bell to be boxed for future content. Yay!