 BAH! Right? BAH! Right? I'm an animal! Right? BAH! What animal are you? BAH! Uh, that turtle. BAH! BAH! BAH! What? You never heard turtle make noises before? Why? Did they know I was one more time? BAH! BAH! BAH! BAH! BAH! I felt like you're an animal that's desperately trying to get away from something. Yeah. But it is not a turtle. What? Definitely a turtle! I was like a goose. What animal were you? Whate? Whate? I don't know. And they know I was like, oh, wha. I was just one of the 10 rare animals only found in the Philippines. You will probably see the video then you'll hear, BAH! BAH! BAH! BAH! It'll be like a poison dark frog that makes that noise. Probably will! Anyways, let's get into this. 10 rare animals only found in the Philippines. Ooh, what are they gonna be? I think we know that little mini horse thing or deer thing that we saw as one. Oh, yes, yes, yes. And there's really a very large bath too. Like this, like they, like very large. The Empire bath, so they suck your blood. Like, well, it's a little cute blood. Ooh! Let's do this. If you enjoyed, subscribe. Like the video, let us know what other Philippines or reactions you want to see next. And here we go. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. That's what we're doing, right? Yeah, 20 years. No number 10. The flying lemur has a bit of a misleading name. It is technically not a species of lemur and it actually can't fly. What's up with that? Well, you'll be relieved to know that this beautiful species can actually glide for distances as far as 100 meters. So you're flying for it? Yeah. It has a foot long tail that is connected to its front legs with a skin membrane. The result is a monkey looking creature with big, bat-like wings. They all look like a lot of deep, perfast climbing. It's a nocturnal creature. It spends its days passing to the side of trees, sleeping and resting. Imagine if we're walking outside that night in the Philippines and all of a sudden you're just walking and this one of these things is gliding by and it just latches on to your... You run into it, it goes around your head and you're around and you're like... That's a little muffin being like, oh, it just hurt petting people head. No, it actually freaked out. That would take some composure to be like, oh, it's just a cute little bat. It would get wrapped around your face. But at night they glide from tree to tree. That's huge! Insects, young leaves and flowers. Because fruit is one of the major agricultural products of the Philippines. The locals actually considered this fruit eating lemur a past. But that doesn't keep us from considering it a beautiful Philippine species and putting it on our list. Number 9, Philippine crocodile. Oh, no. Let's get a bit more dangerous. Shall we? No. As a comparatively small species of crocodile native to the Philippine islands. As a freshwater crocodile, they can be found in lakes, rivers, and high. Please don't leave these in the specials and marshlands. You can tell a young hatchling by its golden brown scales but the species thick-scale lean armor gets darker and darker, the older it gets. Well, you don't want to get too close to its broad jaws. It's diet mostly consists of small mammals, birds, and lizards. But don't let that fool you. But don't let that fool you into thinking that they're harmless to humans. Despite being a smaller breed of crocodile, they still usually grow 2 meters long. And the largest recorded Philippine crocodile was 3 meters or 9 feet long. You don't find me getting near the business end of those teeth. Unfortunately, because of this fact, humans have been known to hunt and kill Philippine crocodiles. It doesn't help that their skin and meat can be sold for profit. Currently, the Philippine crocodile is a protected species. Let's hope that their number jumps back up soon. Number 8. Palawan Peacock Fethers Oh. This bird is drop dead gorgeous. The Palawan Peacock Fethers is known to be an elusive species of bird. You're a mohawk. If you manage to catch a glimpse, you'll be rewarded with a great view of a beautiful shining coat of rich blue feathers. You'll know it by the distinctive crest of top its head and the male's distinctive tail feathers. Yes, the Palawan Peacock Fethers is named after the peacock for a reason. Well, not as extravagant as the peacock male's lavish tail feather display when it fights off predators or tries to woo a mate, the Palawan Peacock Fethers is capable of extending its tail feathers in a similar way. The plumage is covered in robin blue spots that resemble eyes and help to scare predators away. They also use this extravagant display in their mating rituals. The Palawan Peacock Fethers is one of those rare species of animal that is truly monogamous and both parents typically help to rear newly hatched chicks. Number 7, Tamaraw. The Tamaraw is native to Mordoro. One of the largest islands in the Philippines and so locals generally call it the Mendoro Dwarf Buffalo. And this name is right on the money. The Tamaraw looks like well a Dwarf Buffalo. They are small and stocky, a gray black color with a stout pair of straight backward pointing horns. Even though they are small for a buffalo, they still weigh a stout 200 to 300 kilos. Do you want to catch a glimpse of wild Tamaraw eating bamboo shoots and grass and forests and grasslands? Unfortunately, that's getting harder and harder to do. A count in 2016 placed the wild Tamaraw account at only 430 placing it on the crucially endangered species list. They continue to be hunted by poachers for sport and meat and human population growth is relentlessly threatening their habitat. Luckily, the most poachers can't place their numbers at 466 to 494. I'm pretty sure they hunt the elephants as well and then they have people hunting the poachers. And I don't feel like the elephants literally do what they do is just take the tusk. So messed up. Freakin poachers dude. Fluffin poachers. Hunch the poachers. That's what they're doing. Punch the poachers. Punch the poachers. You're gonna sell them on the black market? Yeah, I'm gonna steal their eyeballs. No! And continues. Number 6. Dina Gaia. Bushytailed Cloud Rat. You might not think of a species called a cloud rat as an exciting species of wildlife to seek out. But in many ways, the Dina Gaia, Bushytailed Cloud Rat, is the holy grail of Philippine wildlife. It is the rarest of eight species of Philippine cloud rats, all of which are either threatened or endangered. It made its first appearance only in the 1970s and wasn't seen again until 2012. That's four decades between sightings. It's no wonder that many conservationists thought the species was extinct. They are a tree dwelling species of rodent that feeds on leaves and they can grow up to 2.5 feet long. Because of the uniqueness of this critically endangered species, it is the mascot of the Philippine biodiversity conservation foundation. But studies of the species remain limited due to how difficult they are to find. Well, like I say, if you're lucky enough to encounter one of these rare creatures doing your trips to the Philippines, count yourself lucky. Hey, are you enjoying the video? We'll take it home. We'll find and make it a pet like that. And then we'll end it up like we're turning 500 likes this time. Can you help us get there? Number 5, Bussayan, Warty Pig. Oh, all right, back to the animals. This is another extremely rare species of animals driven from their homes by deforestation during the 1970s and 80s. Today, only around 300 of them live in captivity. It's only endangered species. For the quote-unquote, warts on their faces, but Mohawk Pig might have been just as appropriate for a name. They can be recognized by the distinctive tough of hair atop their heads and that has been described as very Mohawk. Just different pop tips. Believe it or not, this floppy mane is put in by now. Oh, baby! It'll suck you down in all kinds of little moves. But you'll also want to keep an eye on the sharp tusks that extend out from their faces. Yes, those can be quite dangerous, but that doesn't mean that their species deserves to be completely eradicated. Despite strict government poaching policies, they continue to be poached for their meat, which is considered a delicacy by some. Thankfully, the species is breeding well in captivity and efforts have already begun to reintroduce them into the wild. Number 4, Philippine Moosteer. What would you get if you took a tiny little field mouse and mixed it with a graceful deer? Why the Philippine Moosteer, of course. Okay, this species isn't actually a Moosteer hybrid, but judging by looks alone, might as well be. Only growing to 18 centimeters. Maybe it just doesn't bounce weird. Introduce them in where Philippine Moosteer looks alone, it might as well be. Only growing to 18 centimeters at the shoulders, they are hard to spot in their natural habitat. You'll always have a cute hiding amid thick vegetation. When you do manage to find one, you'll only get the briefest of glimpses before it tipped toes away on its dainty legs. What else do you see? What else do you see in his corumbrum? The Philippine Moosteer is suffered a blow to its population from loss of habitat and hunting. Like the wordy pig mentioned just before, its meat is considered a delicacy. Number 3, whale shark. I will admit whale sharks live in far more places than the waters of the Philippines. After all, the ocean is a big place. Oh, that makes it crazy to be in here. Migrate to the Philippine, Elasmo branch Mecca from December to May, they deserve a spot on this list. Sometimes reaching lengths of up to 40 feet whale sharks are the largest species of shark in the world. So large, in fact, that they have often been mistaken for whales, thus the name. But don't worry, they aren't after humans. They swim around close to the surface to catch tiny food sources in the water like plankton. Do a YouTube search and you'll find plenty of videos of scuba divers safely swimming around as well as you swallow you. And they can go around them in the deep blue. In the Philippines, the prime time to spot a whale shark is from February to April. And so, if you're more of a beach and ocean type of person than a jungle lover, maybe you would want to live. What the heck? The several tourist attractions in the Philippines devoted to swimming with whale sharks. That deep water is scary. The chances are you've seen one of these small primates come up on YouTube before. Their distinctive appearance gives the Philippine Tarsier plenty of airtime on wildlife programs like our own. With their long, spindly fingers compact appearance and absolutely massive eyes, there really isn't anything that looks quite like the Tarsier. In my opinion, it constantly looks like it's just seen the most shocking thing it could have possibly imagined. It is one of the world's smallest primates and everything about it is the nocturnal life. One of the first things that you probably noticed about the small creature, the first time that you saw it, is its massive eyes. Well, these are perfect for seeing it night. Likewise, its large conical ears are very sensitive, capturing and amplifying sounds very effectively so that the Tarsier can use its hearing as a tool to navigate dark jungle nights. You might know that Tarsiers can be purchased as pets through some exotic vendors, but you might want to think twice before buying one. These animals cope terribly with captivity and often don't survive the ordeal. It's better off after a while like the jungles that they love. Before we reveal our favorite animal native to the Philippines, thank you so much for watching. And while you're looking at the show, why don't you go ahead and share this video with your friends. If you liked it, I'm sure they will too. Number 1, Philippine Eagle One's known as the monkey eating eagle, the Philippine eagle is a powerful bird. In fact, it is one of the largest and strongest species of eagles on the entire planet. On top of its impressive size, the Philippine eagle has an impressive long arched beak and distinctively majestic long crown feathers. Move aside, bald eagle. Here's a bird that managed to keep its hair and it looks truly regal. In keeping with its reputation for strength and superiority, the Philippine eagle also eats lemurs, snakes and bats. But the best thing about the Philippine eagles is its success story. Not too long ago, there were only a few of these birds left. They were on the verge of extinction. But thanks to the Philippine Eagle Center, their numbers have sprung back from the brain again. They've been saved from extinction for now. Hey, thanks for watching. Want to suggest a video? Let us know in the comments. Dang, I'm more scared of the eagles coming from the sky to kill us. They just pick you up. Sitting down to eat a snack and they think we're like an antelope thing. We're not an antelope thing, but like the... The... Moose? Beer? The blue stars? Then they grow a little more steer thing and then they just beak us in the face. Yeah, we die. Just like... Just get this nice big eagle scar across your face. Have you come pretty BA? Yeah. Hey, how'd that happen? Oh, I got stabbed by a Philippine eagle. Yeah. I was just sitting there eating some hallowed hollow and a... A lot of cute animals. Yes. You know, that ocean looked deep as nuts and freaky, but I feel like we have to do that. Oh yeah, we have to, but that's scary. You would think that normal sharks wouldn't come around the whale sharks. Who? Probably not. I think... Yeah, I don't know. It would be scary, but I'd do it for sure. This is gonna be so crazy just to see one of those things. It's got... Oh, touchy touch. Oh, it's literally gonna be like that. I'd be like... Oh. There was like huge stingrays swimming around them too. Yeah, we're gonna get... Ah! Hopefully not. Okay, we need to go to some like wildlife places in the full green sea. Some weird little animals. See a little baby pigger like this. Head. Pigger. Yeah. Pretty epic. Anyways, thanks for watching everybody. If you enjoyed, subscribe. Like the video, more Philippine stuff coming soon. So let us know what we should watch. Next, hopefully you're checking out the vlogs we're posting while we're on vacation. It should be pretty fun. It kind of gives you a sneak peek of what it will be like when we go to the Philippines eventually probably next year. To just kind of the type of stuff we'll do. Stuff of content, food content, random nature content. That's being weird. Yeah. Hopefully you enjoyed. See you later. Bye.