 Defending the Darlad Castle in Maragusan, a mountain town of 60,000 people. The fog slowly clearing to a real and awesome cloud-trived landscape. Then to a newly built road accessing the Kharagan Valley, a land unknown even to most Maragusan locals. Where we discovered productive farmland and mandaya culture. 5 o'clock in the morning, we were headed up in search of the fabled sea of clouds. This can be hit to miss. One day it's just fog. Sea of clouds but we're right inside the sea at the moment, in the middle of the ocean. This is how the sea of clouds is meant to look. But our view was this. But suddenly the fog started to clear. And we could start to see over the banana plantations that provide so much of Maragusan's income. But as quickly as the clouds cleared, they were formed again. With the fog forming again, it was time for the most important interview for Facebook. The double point. Can you walk on the mountain? One I go and one. Good to see you. My name is Pamela and I'm from Milan. I'm from Milan. Yeah, nice meeting you. Bye. With the fog back, I took the opportunity to explore the rest of the fortress. Do you think they still hold my weight? I'm just looking at the structure of our... I'm gonna... I'm gonna go feel a closer one. I don't know if this has a weight in the middle or not. It's built well. It's built very, very well. If you and says when they come here, it's cold. Actually the temperature is nice, except for the water in the shower this morning. I'm blooming freezing. I look at castle vibes as well. The fortress of Commander Doud. Watching over, well watching over, absolutely nothing because it's just fog. Clouds. The ocean is back. The ocean is back. Fake news. Fake windmill. Hi. We're going to the mountains. We're going to the mountains. We're going to the mountains. And then we left. Before I became personal and on grater. And then back to Aguac and Cold Spring resort for breakfast. Before an unknown adventure. J.S.K.S.K.S.R.N.O.M.A.GO.S.R.N. That's like a big moorling doveau. What's happened? So we're going up into those mountains there. Because that's the Karagan Valley. Karagga is just behind it. There's a newly built concrete road going over there. The forest is still there. Unfortunately when roads get built, the forest goes very quickly. So I'm going to go there while they're still forest. Apparently there's a mocksie forest. I don't know. I'm going to see what's there. And so we went towards the mountains quickly discovering that not all the road is concrete yet. But I like adventures like this. And then a slight hitch. But a reality of mountain roads. So huge hole in the... Really big hole in the thing. And it's greeting the road in front of us now. Mountain roads they fall apart. And then all of a sudden a surprise. So all of a sudden in the middle of the mountains, the concrete we appear is... With guardrail, with both sides, everything. So random. I can't see this. And then all of a sudden nature started to reveal to us the Karagan Valley. And then we went to the mountains. And then we went to the mountains. And then we went to the mountains. And then we went to the mountains. And then we went to the mountains. And then we went to the mountains. And then we went to the mountains. And then we went to the mountains. And then we went to the mountains. And then we went to the mountains. And then we went to the mountains. And then we went to the mountains. When that view came into sight, I forgot that I was looking for Mossett Forest. This new highway and artery into a land previously hidden from the world. I was so overwhelmed by the sheer beauty of the valley that I just wanted to keep driving through to take it all in. I can see this vegetables, rice, terraces, all sorts here. It just as you enter feels like this mystical valley. It's really awesome. That road's new. And you can see from the houses. This is untouched. Driving along this new road to the valley, I just felt at peace, even though I had no idea where we were going. No destination. So interestingly, there's a road here going to Calagga and the road there is going to Monight eventually. You've got to get through big mountains, thick forests first. But I don't want to go any further down into the valley. I want to go and actually check out one of these communities which is Manzacal Mandaya. It's Mandaya. So these are Mandaya communities. Go check out that community there. So like the Mandaya Coraggan Valley, have more in common with coastal Coragga, down a river valley, than Manzacama Rukusan separated by thick mountainous jungle. A narrow flat plain. Vegetables like these bell peppers, I just couldn't get enough of this valley that I'd find myself in. This was an unexpected trip for me. But I knew the best link to the community is often the school teachers. Hello everyone, my name is Rene Le Mdorante and welcome to our school, Caggan National High School, situated in the mountainous part of New Batan Davao di Oro. It was established during 2009, extension of the National High School, but it was separated from last 2016, extended the Caggan National High School alone. I was also a bit tired of building this area. I was also a bit tired of building this area. I was a bit tired of building this area. I was a bit tired of building this area. I was a bit tired of building this area. I was a bit tired of building this area. I was a bit tired of building this area. I was a bit tired of building this area. I was a bit tired of building this area. I was a bit tired of building this area. I was a bit tired of building this area. I was a bit tired of building this area. For the CR, right now, the enrolled students are 119 total. Anon Asha Sir, pure mandaya june asha part of the tribe, which is the original of the city's most original of the city's. The school is surrounded by upland rice and vegetables, near the Mandaya Village of Caggan. The school is surrounded by upland rice and vegetables. The school is surrounded by upland rice and vegetables. The school is surrounded by upland rice and vegetables. The school is surrounded by upland rice and vegetables. So this here, that's not electricity. There's no, we just find out from the teachers there's no electricity in the whole valley. That's water. Of course, the water's coming from the mountains. It's totally fresh. So I'm going to fill up my waters if I haven't done it any. It's at the tea in the water. Nice and cold. Use taste of the mineral in it. That's the thing. And very important, take care of your cameraman. Give him water too. Thanks, bro. I need to get him a flask. Problem is, I'm too coffee but to buy flask, someone sent me one. This place is called the Caraghan Valley. And right here is the Caraghan River. It's right down to Caraghan. So the people here are a man-daya. They have a lot more links this way, the map way. So that's the mostly man-sac of this way. I was ready to surprise Caraghan, which I doubt sees many foreigners. So I went to buy something from the service service store. We are here to buy flask. I'm sure you will buy it for the other way. It's very nice. And you will buy it for the other way. You will buy it for the other way. You can buy it for the other way. I don't want to buy it. I'm not sure. I'm really precious. I'm sure you will buy it for the other way. But I don't know why I'm so happy to buy flask. I thought you were going to buy flask. I don't want to buy flask. I will buy flask for the other way. It's very nice to buy flask. It's very nice. So you can buy flask. Buy flask. You can buy flask for the other way. You can buy flask for the other way. Buy flask for the other way. Okay, so we just find out that If you want to marry a girl from here, then you have to negotiate like a dowry kind of with the family, with the parents. So it could be 50,000, it could be 60,000, 80,000. Interesting facts of the day. And I'm only going to say that much before my wife gets mad at me. So before I said that bit, Lloyd said, no you say it, you say it, maybe my wife will get mad. He's more afraid of the wife than I am. As we started the trip back over the mountains to Maragusan, I started reflecting on what I'd seen and experienced. You know, I always found Maragusan a really mysterious place, like Surrounding a waterfall side, a big plain, but that place there, that was, I should concentrate on the road. That place there was really mysterious, that was really something, that was really, really something different, it's so hidden away, really crazy and serious. Wow, and then okay, we're back to this bit of road. You know, this section's not going to fall out because there's trees. I sometimes feel like I don't want to, they say because I don't want some other captain. After a trip to the unknown, it just seemed like to go to one of the most well known. Takpubin to Falls. We had to find the plantito first before leaving, and guess where he was? We didn't stay at Takpubin to Long, mostly because we were hungry after that early start. And so we went to this small carendavia opposite the municipal hall. El Jonas Life, the owner, serves up some gope specialities, like this synagogue canbing. I worked out why you brought us here, because you're a plantito and there's lots of plants outside. Okay, if I move offering... Can I come and brush the tree to get it done? Good luck, don't blame your friend, we won't betray you. Nothing!