 Lots of people tell me to be careful that I shouldn't go there alone. Ah, I'm gonna go. Good morning, Universe. Welcome. Welcome us again to the channel. Today I'm back with another vlog and I am super excited because it's been a few days since I posted a vlog. Honestly, I have no idea how the daily vloggers do it because I did three vlogs last week and I was like burned to the ground as in really, really tired. But anyways, for today's video it's gonna be a lot of fun because I'm trying something brand new for the very first time here in the Philippines and I am not alone for that adventure. My friend Richard is actually here with me so say hello Richard. So, what's up bro? Anyways, I'm gonna be taking the MRT for the very first time. So for those of you who are not familiar or watching from a tell of the Philippines, the MRT is the train is like a fast train or something? The MRT is in the fastest train. The fastest train, okay. So it's the fastest option that we can have here when it comes to train, transportation. We are going to the Ayala Station in Makati and of course we are not just gonna take the train. We're going somewhere fun and very interesting but I'm not gonna give it away right now so I'm gonna keep a little bit of the suspense. But of course, I'm really excited to share this experience with you guys because I did receive a lot of comments about going to the MRT and just trying the transportation. A lot of you guys also wanted me to experience the Philippines as, you know, real Filipinos so I think that this is a real hard to get. Hard to get. Maybe another time we can do like the GPS stuff but for sure. Today is gonna be just the MRT. I did receive a lot of comments people telling me to be careful whenever I go to these places, you know, with the things that I'm carrying, if there's anything of value. And don't worry, I'm taking notes of your advice, look, no jewelry. And I have nothing of value on my funny part. So just really excited for today and I hope that you guys also enjoy the vlog. If you do, don't forget to hit the like button, subscribe, comment, and all the fun things that you know that you need to do to support the channel. Anyways, right now we are walking through the elevated path that I showed you guys on my previous video for walking at night in Makati. This is gonna take us to the mall and then from there we're gonna go to the station. It's just a lot faster, so much efficient because you don't have to stop at every single light or even go through the tunnels in order to get there. I mean, if you're in the Philippines, especially Makati, you know what I'm talking about. But anyways, of course, the fact that I have a Filipino with me today is the bigger advantage because I have a question for you when it comes to the MRT. Lots of people telling me to be careful that I shouldn't go there alone as a foreigner because you never know some people might have. But in touch. That is like the old ways. Nowadays, I mean, it's 20-30 degrees. So everything is safe and there's a luxury extra restrictions and it's actually very safe since there's a lot of security around the foreigners. Okay. Every station is of the MRT. So I shouldn't be worried. Yeah, we shouldn't be worried. Okay. We expect that people are really going to be kind because at first, my first life here in Manila is like people are really reaching out for. I mean, not really reaching out but they can sense if you're like really lost or you need some help. Yeah, exactly. Kitas actually, one of the things that I noticed, I mean, I did experience this with at the mail. So I think it's really interesting. By the way, if you're watching this at the mail, do you remember when we were like super, super lost and at the mail helped us? Yeah, at the mail. Shout out to you at the mail. The walk in I was actually doing a little bit of research about the MRT line and I found some very interesting facts. The fact that in the very beginning, it was called the blue line and that now it has been changed to the yellow line. This actually makes me think a lot of Canada where I lived. I'm in Montreal because if you're in Montreal, shout out. You know about our metro lines, but we also have the same name system when it comes to the way that we call our metro. So those are like little fun facts that sometimes can take you back home. You can kind of compare. Although we are quite literally on the other end of the world, it's still so mind-blowing to find out like that. So. This time seeing this way of going into the station because every time I walk by this, it's from within the mall. For there are two ways to get in. It's pretty much the internal one with the mall. This is the rural bloriaita and this one that is the outside. Can you explain me a little bit how does it work when it comes to the tickets and getting a pass to access the MRT? If you don't simply have the beat card, the one that is used with a bus around the area of the metro. You can have their pass, which is a much harder slow but you just inserted the machine now. When you are going to have to go to the station, you just tap it out. You are going to ride. Okay. So you can have the option to have the card if you're like a regular taking it all the time. And you can also just have like individual tickets. Yes. So that means that when I have to get a ticket here, but it's not a part of the temporary card. So that means I have to get a ticket now and then I have to get a ticket on the way back. Yeah. We. And how much is it? It's 15 to 25 pesos. Okay. Ready to give up my pesos. Yes, yes. Okay. It's about $0.20. Give me your day. Okay. Here's your bag. Thank you for your viewing. Did you have free food? Yes. And so this is our ticket. This is supposed to allow us to go to the metro station. So let's give it a try. Who was a steamy pomebloder. So I was just showing him my channel. Promotion, your promotion. We're your mask. Because it's restrictive. I survived that. We are officially inside the station right now. Richard actually recommended to wear the mask. Although it's not mandatory anymore. This is a very normally crowded space. So I think it's just for safety reasons. Good for us to wear the mask. So I'm really impressed with it. It's really clean. It's not as bad as people were describing it. So let's wait and see what happens. It's so hard. So good. So we are inside the MRT right now. I mean, inside the station, as you can see, the MRT is right there. I thought it was going to be more like a drain type of situation. But in reality, it's really pretty much like the man's remote show. So many announcements. Here comes our MRT. Wow. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're out of the hall. We're at the hall. We're down. We're out of the hall. We're about to sit down. We're about to sit down. We're about to sit down. We're about to sit down. We're about to sit down. We're about to sit down. We're about to sit down. We're about to sit down. We're about to sit down. We've we have we've we've weve we've taken money. I think I'll be using this more often, most definitely. This is way fancy. Yeah, but I know this. It's just when it's come, it's really good. And from my financial point of view, like I've been always paying if I'm thinking a grab to go to Kaisal City, it's like 700 pesos. Even if you take a motorcycle, it's like 100 something. But this was how much? 20 pesos. Okay, everyone. So that was the experience riding the MRT for the very first time here in Manela. And I'm going to say it was definitely not what I was expecting. I think that it was very better. Yeah, it was very smooth. I mean, it was very smooth, first of all. It was very quick. And as I was telling you, the training from a financial point of view is also like you can save a lot of money just by riding the MRT. I think that based on people's comments, the things that everyone was telling me before, my expectations were so low. Honestly, I was expecting that I was going to go into this dark tunnel, like dirty with rats all over the place. When you think of the Metro New York City, that was what I had in mind. But the reality was so, so different. As I said, I could almost compare it to the Metro in Canada, with the only difference that back home, the Metro is really in a tunnel. Here, you have moments where it's like a junior bike practice. Yeah, it's like there are places where it's underground. Here, you have moments where you're actually like elevated. So you can see the city from above. So anyways, that was a really good experience. And I will be taking the MRT more often because grab, you all don't take my money, okay? Even you, joyride, I'm seeing you. Anyways, actually going to end this vlog here, but stay tuned for the next vlog. Because right now we are heading to a very exciting place. We're going to rain hills. Okay, so if you guys want to come with us to one of the cheapest malls in the Philippines, then just join us for the next vlog. Thank you for watching guys. Don't forget to subscribe, like, comment and all of those nice things. And let me know what are your impressions of the MRT. I'll see you on the next one.