 I'm on my way to LA right now and I'm gonna go get on an airplane and I'm gonna fly to the Philippines to meet a girl. A few years ago my 20-year marriage ended in a split second when I least expected it. I was 46 years old, heartbroken and hopeless. I never wanted to trust another woman again and my life felt meaningless and impossible to start over until I met Joy. So nervous. Now I never thought I would want to date someone online all the way around the world and have a long distance relationship but in this case it seemed like she was really worth it. This relationship was really worth the effort of just trying to go a meter. We were really curious if it would be the same in person as it was over the internet. So we talked about this a bunch of times. We were hoping to capture it all on film. I'd have my GoPro. She'd be filming on our camera and when we met at the airport for the first time we would capture this amazing moment when we first embraced and well that's basically all I got on film. So let me rewind it because I was filming on a GoPro and I actually did capture a lot more than I thought I did. Waiting for somebody. And then Joy started filming and I'll splice our footage together here. Right here I actually caught Joy getting out of her car seat. And then Joy is filming me right here. And then you can see Joy walking towards me. For me this is the coolest part. My GoPro was filming at 60 frames per second and so I was able to get a really nice clean shot of how excited Joy was to meet me. And from that moment on we put our cameras down and we just enjoyed the day together. We only took a couple pictures. I hadn't slept in 24 hours. Joy actually had a fever for the last three days. From then on we were inseparable. It was the best vacation I've ever had. And I found myself falling in love with the Philippines. I found my smile. And most importantly I found love that I never thought I could find. Her name is Joy. And my name is Jason. Welcome to Prop and Smile. Right, left, perfect. You need to side with your face like that. Smile.