 What is the cost of living in the Philippines 2023? We're gonna be honest, we're gonna talk about some of the factors that are affecting the Philippines in particular. You've got inflation at a little over 8%, the last I read, walking through a housing subdivision over on Mac<|id|> on Mac<|id|> on MacTan Island at the present time and we're gonna get into some real specifics and kind of a worksheet type thing. So first of all, what is your budget? How much money do you have? How much money, how much income do you have on a monthly basis? You're not gonna be spending dollars or euros or pounds or whatever currency of your home country here. You're gonna be spending Filipino pesos. So we're gonna break it down into pesos. And that means the varying exchange rates with your currency and the Philippine peso is gonna be a big factor on how much money you have here. When I came here in 2015, the exchange rate was 45.5 pesos per US dollar. It is fluctuated and I've done videos where I've showed in the graphs for a number of different currencies. It's gone up as high as about 58 pesos, record amount, 58 pesos per US dollar. It's hovered around 50 pesos per US dollar for some time and anyway. I'm gonna use the figure of 50 pesos to the US dollar and figure out the average. The average retiree gets about 1500 US dollars a month in their social security pension. And I know other countries have different figures. So take your figure, rate it down, get a pad and paper, rate it down. And multiply your guaranteed monthly income by 50. It's a safe number. It might go below that or whatever your country's currency is, whatever the rate is. So 50 times 1500 US dollars is 75,000 pesos that you would have to spend every month. If you're only making around, let's say 1000 US dollars, that's 50,000 pesos. You have to spend each month and I definitely suggest you don't spend all that money every month that you put some of that into savings. Again, we're doing a worksheet for your budget. Now many of the experts say you shouldn't, should only spend around 30% of your income on housing, on rent, housing payments, whatever. And of course, in reality with the price of the house is going up around the world, many people spend as much as half of their income. But anyway, let's take that figure, 75,000 pesos or 50,000 pesos. Whatever your peso income is per month, multiply it that times 30% to give you a figure and this comes out to 22,500 pesos. And you need to understand your budget, you need to understand your limitations with your budget, and you need to stick with your budget. Now the biggest thing affecting rental prices here in the Philippines, well there's two things, two big things that are affecting rental prices. The so-called pandemic of the last three years where millions of tourists went back to their home countries. And because of travel restrictions, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of condo units, hotel units, resort units have been sitting vacant for these past, much of these past three years. Now we're seeing a few more people here in Seaboo City, we've got the big January, we've got the big large Synologue Festival going on. So there's quite a number of tourists who have come in from various countries, America, Korea, various countries. But not nearly as many as in the past before the so-called pandemic. So there are still thousands, perhaps tens of thousands of units sitting empty. If you're looking to rent a condo apartment, a house, it's all available. The important thing to you is to understand your budget and to control your budget and to spend within your budget. Because if you don't trust me, you're going to find yourself, you're going to find yourself in trouble financially. I've got over a thousand videos up, I've done a lot of videos of condominiums, of subdivisions, what do you get, what do they cost, what do they rent for, what do they sell for. And you can go through those videos and a lot of that was pre-pandemic. So oftentimes the prices are lower, 10, 20, 30, 40% lower than they were previously. And there are motivated, there are some motivated landlords who will negotiate, there are some who will not negotiate who want the higher prices. So it's up to you to stick within your, for 22,000, 23,000 you should be able to get a very nice studio condo or at least at the very least, and average a good decent one bedroom condominium for instance. There are cheaper units that you can find, even in Seaboo City, ask the locals that you won't find them online usually. And if they are online, they'll usually go very fast at the very low cost. Anything below, say, 12,000 pesos a month will probably get caught up pretty rapidly. Generally, what you need when you rent a condominium apartment, they'll ask for one month's rent, the first month's rent, and two month's security deposit. Now that's not always the case, but that's very common here. So if you rent a place for 20,000 or let's say 22,000 pesos a month, you would have to come up with three times out of mold, 66,000 pesos. And this is a cash economy still, so you would have to come up with that in pesos if you'd have to go to the bank several times perhaps to get that amount. Another cost related to your housing, your rent is electric and water is usually not included in your rental price. And my observation and experience is that if you use a fan a lot, I've got a couple of friends who use the fan and know where very little air conditioning. And their electric may run 2000 pesos up to 6,000 pesos. You know, two to 3000 if you're very frugal with your electric usage. And I've talked to people who are up around 5,000, 6,000 for electric, for maybe a one bedroom, two bedroom. And I run into a guy who once had a one bedroom, 45 square meters, less than 500 square feet. And he ran his, he liked it cold and he ran his aircon constantly day and night and he had to bill about 10,000 pesos. Now while I'm talking about rentals also, there's another fee that you may incur and that is condofees. Now generally my experience is condofees are usually but not always included in your rental price. It's important that you understand that and get that clarified ahead of time. Because condofees can run anywhere from a low of 40 but they're usually closer between 70 and 100. It's more common in the higher end units even up to 150 pesos per square meter. And that can add up to several thousand pesos extra also. Internet and cable may or may not be included in your rent. There again you need to clarify that. You can get internet usually you have to sign like a two year contract. I actually put a 5,000 peso down so I didn't have to sign a contract but that is I'm forfeiting that. I never get that deposit back. In the end I've had that service over two years so it would have been okay for me to sign a two year contract. There are a number of internet companies in different regions so I'm not going to try to go into different plans but generally you can get internet and you can get data on your phone too when you use the internet on your phone. Generally you can get an internet service plan for a condominium for around a thousand pesos a month. And you go up I pay about 16 or 1700 a month for a little bit faster speed and you can go depending on the place has a favor cable. And most of the places built in the last seven, seven, eight years have a favor cable now but not all. And you can pay more to get faster speeds depending on the company. Food costs are a very personal choice depends on what you eat, how much you eat, how often you eat. And where you shop, you know I shop I've been shopping more and more at the public markets. I can save a lot of money by going to the public markets. The vegetables and fruits are usually much fresher also. I've done many cost of living videos over the last seven years and generally my food costs are about 250 US dollars and about 50 US dollars which is 300 about 15,000 US about 15,000 Philippine pesos a month. Now if you have a girlfriend, a wife and family members are going to cost you substantially more. They're then depending upon what you eat. I've had people tell me their barbell was more than my food bill. I also buy bulk a lot. I buy larger containers of extra virgin olive oil, bulk containers of various things that last me many, many months. So I've got to extrapolate those costs out over the number of months instead of just a monthly cost. Don't eat that much. I prefer eating in most of the time. I would say on average if you're if you're frugal and you don't eat that much and you're not buying the more expensive things. You can probably get by on 10,000 pesos a month, about 200 US. But most people are going to spend more than that I think. 15,000, 20,000, 25,000. They're down. Know what your budget is and penciled out. You're always going to spend more than you think. You're going to buy little incidental things and don't forget about your personal items. Toothpaste and toothbrushes and all your personal hygiene matters as well. Your immigration costs will vary a little bit depending on what type of visa you're on. Of course, but we're talking about tourist visa in particular here. I always figured it was going to cost me about 1500 pesos a month. So I usually do a two month extension or a six month extension. So two months is about 3000. And then after six months you're required to apply for an ACR card, Aliens certificate of registration card, which is the charge 500 US, so depending on the exchange rate. That's about 25,000 pesos. So it comes out with adding that in and yearly for one year ACR card, once a year each year. It comes out to about 3,600 a month and just rounded off to 4,000 pesos a month because you're going to have transportation costs. And they're again depending on if you're coming from the province end. It might cost you more than the 4,000 pesos a month to travel to immigration. And there again, this is a cash society. They don't take credit cards. They don't take checks. So you need cash when you show up in immigration. I'll be doing another video very shortly about doing your annual check-in during January and February on most visas, not tourist visas, but most every other visa you need to do an annual check-in. And I'll do an update on that shortly. You're probably going to want a cell phone when you're here in the Philippines and you can buy a cell phone here, cheap one or expensive one. They sell them all or you can bring one. I brought a dual SIM, a phone with two SIM cards so that I could put a SIM card from two different carriers, from Globe and from Smart in my phone. And there's a third carrier here now, too, called Detail, D-I-T-O. You need an unlocked phone. You need a phone that is not permanently connected to your carrier from whatever country that you're residing in. So you can find and I did find someone to unlock one of my US phones that was attached to a carrier back in the US. But it did affect the performance a bit. You can get it and I've had guys say, well, they couldn't find anybody that could. In fact, they told me originally. It said, no, we're not. They tried in a different software. They said, we're not able to do it. But then pop, it came through. It was able to unlock my phone. I was able to put the Philippines SIMs in. As far as the cost, most of you will buy prepaid. You pay before you use it. You will buy, sorry about the shaky video there. You will pay a certain amount. You'll buy load. You'll buy credits for your phone. And it's not that difficult to do. But initially you're just going to have somebody do it. You're going to give somebody your phone number or your phone. And they're going to add load at credits your phone to use. I would suggest you write down in your budget about a thousand pesos a month. You can get into promos and stuff where it costs you less than that. But it's better to overestimate than to underestimate for this budget. So if you've got a paper and pencil, I hope you're rating some of these numbers down. I would put down one thousand pesos for a cell phone per month. No doubt you're going to have monthly costs or at least over the course of a year. So average it out by the month. You're going to have costs for pharmacy over the corner stuff. Perhaps prescription items. I know many foreigners who have prescription items. Some try to get them shipped from their home country. I know a Brit who finally gave up on that and he orders everything here in the Philippines delivered from a local pharmacy company. And so that's that's real personal. And I spend a minimum of a thousand pesos a month on over the counter type stuff. I'm fortunate that I don't take any prescription medications unless I have some sort of infection. I get an antibiotic occasionally. Maybe average once a year, something like that. They have name brand drugs and they have generic drugs for many items. Some prescription drugs are more expensive here than they are back in your home country. If you want to check, just I would suggest messaging or emailing the various drug companies here pharmacy companies and tell them you're interested in prices for a certain number of drugs you might be able to find prices on their on their online site as well. Not sure. But my guess is that you're going to spend as much or a little more here than you do in your home country for your prescription drugs. Just my just talking to various people entertainment is also very personal choice. Are you a party person? Are you out many times each week? I know I know guys expats who are out every night of every week virtually and spending I mean that adds up that adds up even even if you don't drink a lot. So you need to come up with a number there like a beer here when I came in 2015 a beer and a place for the entertainment on mango Avenue cost me 40 pesos a beer. It's now most places it's at least 80 pesos you know they have happy hours certain times early early evening some of them are maybe 65 during happy hour hard drinks 150 to a little over 200 pesos for a hard drink depending on what you're drinking. So just you think about that and put a number in your budget and stick to your budget. If you do other things for entertainment whatever your hobby is movies movies diving traveling and that brings up travel costs when I first came here I budgeted $100 about 5,000 pesos 5,000 pesos a month to travel in reality that's not how it worked I would travel every other month or every third month and spend a little more than that. So I would I would say think about that are you going to travel very silence take take fairies you're going to fly you're going to go by the cheaper buses how are you going to travel will affect what those costs are think about that come up with a number in your budget and stick with that. Some of their alliance have some pretty good specials from time to time so you can you can travel pretty cheap and resorts some of the resorts are offering some pretty good deals this is the high season the Christmas center log season is the high season here so if you travel off season of course travel is going to be less expensive probably. And finally stuff there's there's always in your daily life in your travels and you go to them all you go to the stores the hardware store you're picking up stuff that you need things to hang things on the wall batteries for flashlights the sun tan lotion just various different things you're always been I figure I'm spending a thousand two thousand sometimes three thousand pesos a month on stuff anyway I'm sure I forgot a couple things like how much does a girlfriend cost video long time ago got a lot of a lot of comments I took it offline after enough complaints. Anyway I hope you've been writing some information down thinking about your your choice of lifestyle your budget how much are you going to have to spend I suggest you start with a with a 50 peso to the US dollar or whatever is reasonable for your country don't pick the high and pick a middle middle point because it will vary over time and figure that out and figure it out and if you have to cut back if you don't have any money at the end of the month when you do that budget you need to start making adjustments and you need to stick with that budget because if you don't and I've seen it many many many times people living beyond their means 50 thousand 75 thousand pesos sounds like a lot of money anyway safe travels.