 This is a foreign dude. He's got an ex-girlfriend deep in the province of the Philippines. So he went there to see his ex-girlfriend who he had not seen since the virus locked up the Philippines and kept him out of the country. So for three years he had been dreaming of seeing her again. Because although they did break up during the virus, she met some new guy. But even though she met some new guy, he, you know, being the fool he is, he did keep in touch with the girl. But he did still have feelings for this girl. So anyway, the pandemic is done. The pandemic is done. He was away for three years and he gets himself back into the Philippines. He goes straight to the province where the girl is. Okay, his ex-girlfriend. He arrived. Okay, he arrived in her town. He got himself a hotel room. And the moment he had been waiting for was about to happen. He had been waiting for this moment. So he woke up in the morning. Okay, he's in his hotel room. He wakes up in the morning. He goes to the market. He's got to get some gift for the family. Right? So he buys some rice at the market, which is next to his hotel. He jumps on a tuk tuk and this tuk tuk took him nearby the house. So he had visited this house on his last visit a few years ago. So he knew like where it was, although it was a small town, but it was hard to orientate himself in this town. So he told the tuk tuk driver to bring him to the church. From the church, he could then orientate himself as to where this house was deep in the province. So he got to the church, then he arrived at the church. So he arrives at the church and he jumps out. Okay, and instantly starts looking for the south. But he forgot to pay, right? So the driver and the others on the tuk tuk were yelling at him as he walked away yelling like just to get his attention. They weren't yelling at him in an angry way. Anyway, his initial thought when they were yelling at him was that he got out at the wrong place. But no, it was about the, it was about the 15 pesos that he had not paid. Okay. So anyway, he had a 50 peso in his pocket and he felt bad about the commotion. So he just gave a 50 and you know, he said, keep the chains. So here he is. Now all alone, he is next to the church. He's got one thing on his mind. He is totally focused on trying to find this ex-girlfriend's house. And so he's trying to piece it together. You know, he sees a particular house. He sees a particular sorry, sorry store. And he said, oh yeah, I know where this is. So he walks up this road and it had changed. You know, this road had changed with more construction that I guess happened during the pandemic. You know, there was like a small apartment. There was like a three-part townhouse. These weren't here before. But anyway, he sees these and he, but he kind of realizes he's on the same road that he was on three years ago. So he kept walking up this road. Okay. And then he saw the old house. Okay. And he knew this house. This is the ex-girlfriend's house. He knew it. He knew it. It seemed like a century ago that he was there, but it was only three years ago. Anyway, for him, it was like a feeling straight from a movie to himself. Okay. And it was a dream come true. And I mean literally was dreaming about this moment for the last three years. I mean, he did love the girl. He did love the girl. I'll be it, you know, in a friendly way. But he also loved her family. He approached and he's holding the rice, this pasalubon, this gift, and so the all four members of the house are home. The ex-girlfriend's not there. But she moved away. Anyway, he greets them, you know, the two kids, they're shocked as they suddenly, you know, out of the blue, you know, that he arrived. I mean, there was no forewarning. I mean, he did not message them that he was coming because, you know, it was no way to message them. This is the province. His ex is ex-girlfriend, which, you know, was the love of his life in the past was not there. Okay. It's, you know, at the time, you know, now she's living with her boyfriend in a different area. But there is a certain dynamic to this story, here, folks, the girls family wants her to dump her boyfriend, the father of her baby, who is a loser with no job, and they want her to get back with this foreign guy here. Okay, so there's a bit of a, and this is getting this story is going to be a little more complicated as we go on here, folks. So the guy is, he's sitting down this foreign dude, you know, he's sitting down, you know, on some wooden bench, you know, how it is in the province, you know, they just make benches out of wood. Anyway, you know, it's there with the extended family, and, you know, he went down to the sorry story story. You got a few of these big beers, red horses, right? Because they don't have anything else. They only have red horse in the province. Anyway, so the families there, the extended family, slowly more and more people come as, you know, word gets around that this foreigner is back, you know, after three years. I mean, everyone loves the foreigner, right? Anyway, they're in front of the ex-girlfriends house, and, and so they're talking, but there's something happening behind the foreigners back that he doesn't realize. They had a planned or, you know, after the foreigner arrived, you know, the, the aunt who has a motorbike is going to go pick up the girl, you know, the ex girlfriend. She is going to go pick up the ex-girlfriend, unbeknownst to the guy, you know, no one told the guy. So she goes, picks them up, you know, meanwhile, you know, just chatting going on next to the house there, having a beer. Anyway, she arrived, the aunt arrives, her scooter arrives back at this place where, you know, we're having a beer, and, you know, the ex-girlfriend is on the back. The foreigner, I mean, this guy is shocked to see her after years of only thinking about her, you know, only thinking about her, he was stressing about her, he was worried about her, he was heartbroken. All these feelings went on over the last few years, and there she is, in person. And, uh, she gets off the scooter, and, uh, she walks straight to the foreign guy, her ex-boyfriend. The conversation, it was not very awkward at all, because the guy was a little drunk. So perception number one, the guy had, okay, when he saw his ex-girlfriend, the former love of his life, okay, she had aged, she had aged big time. It had been three years, she had aged 10 years, I mean, physically. I mean, for some reason, she was darker, okay, and which is fine, which is fine, it's just something that the guy noticed, his ex-girlfriend was a lot darker than she was before, hell of a lot darker. For whatever reason, I'm not sure, but, uh, her amazing breasts, which were once amazing, were now sagging, and she had kind of a fat stomach, you know, like, not overly fat, but it was, it was hanging over the pants, okay, sort of big difference from years ago, like, pre-baby, she had a firm stomach and amazing, pair on her. Anyway, I mean, I mean, I mean, three years, during the three years that he was away, he had in his mind, she looked the same way as the day he left, okay? He had not realized her body changed, anyway, anyway, you know, physical looks is important for the female, let's, let's get into the story here folks, okay? So, you know, they're making conversation, and everyone in the family kind of leaves the two alone to talk on the wooden bench that her dad made, so a couple hours, or an hour they pass, and it's getting dark. So it's kind of time to head back home. So it's, you know, it's good buy to the family for, for today, I mean, the foreigner will be back. So the two walk down the road to get a tuk tuk, and the tuk tuk is going to bring a back to the city center. It's, you know, it's 15 pesos, right? So, you know, the guy gives the girl 30 pesos, and he gets out first in the city center, and, you know, she carries on to her place. So overall, I mean, he felt good to see her again, okay? But realized this was not the girl that he had envisioned in his mind, the beautiful girl, the perfect girl, the girl that deep inside, he did want back despite everything. He realized, you know, this is not the same girl as he knew before, this kind of changes things. So it was actually kind of therapeutic to meet her, as it made his decision a lot easier. Uh, basically, she's out, you know, he kind of lost the feelings, because all the headache he had during the three years, he only, he only kept her in his thoughts, because she was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen in his life, and had a great personality, the perfect personality. But now, uh, things had changed, okay? She had met the wrong guy, she had gained weight, she had gotten a bit, her personality was just not the same. She had become basically a, a compulsive liar. Anyway, anyway, so the next morning, uh, the guy wakes up in his hotel, you know, and he goes down to the ex-girlfriends house again, because, you know, I mean, he, he hadn't gotten that out of his system yet, you know, he wanted to spend more time with them. He, he did love the family, you know, just as he loved the ex-girlfriend, he loved the family too, but this time, you know, he arrived there, and he, he asked about, you know, how's Grandpa doing? You know, he met the grandparents in the last visit, and he liked them, you know, they were genuinely kind people, they never asked for a dime. People who have good intention rock, okay? And the grandparents were these kinds of people. They were poor, they didn't have anything, never asked, never even hinted at needing anything from this foreign guy. But yeah, so he had a lot of respect for these grandparents, and it's kind of like the less people ask the more you want to give, it's kind of that mentality, but, you know, anyway, he, he asked where the grandparents were. Because he was there at the house, but he kind of forgot where it was, as he, you know, he had to orientate himself again. So, you know, he gets directions from the ex-girlfriends, parents of... Where the grandparents are, so it's a five minute walk away. So he's walking, he's walking, and he's on the way to grandparents house, but he stops by some little shop, he brings some pentacel bread, which is like breakfast bread and some coffee, okay? Instant coffee, okay, no big deal, 100 pesos or whatever, right? Anyway, so the grandparents live in the same house that they raised all 10 of their kids in. So it's been, you know, 50 years at the same house. So, with, you know, they had 10 kids, okay? They had 10 kids. I think it was nine girls, one, it's a real, it's a real female family. Anyway, so the grandkids were there, they're everywhere, you know, there's just kids everywhere. Basically, the grandparents have land. They have this house on, and the kids, and the kids, and whoever, the kids of the grandparents who were never adults, they sort of built, you know, makes-shaped houses on this land next to the grandpa's house, okay? You know, little wooden houses next to the house. So this guy arrives at the grandparents house with breakfast in hand, okay? And the people, they're so happy to see him again. All these people, the grandparents, cousins, whoever. You know, it was unplanned. They had not seen the guy in years. Some of them had never even met him on the first visit. So he walks in the house, and it's typical Filipino style, you know, the extended family, they're just everywhere, you know, laying on the bed, laying on the whatever, you know, but when he walked in, when he walked in, when this foreign guy walked in the house, his intention was to see the grandparents again, okay? And he actually walked in there. In reality, he noticed a girl. He noticed a girl. Well, this was a girl. When he was first there a few years ago, and he did meet her. But this was a few years ago. She's turned into a young lady. So this particular young lady, who is a cousin of the ex-girlfriend, is now 18 years old, and her situation is like, you know, she has no parents and no real place to live. This is her whole life, since, you know, she's three years old. It's the only life she knows. But she basically just stayed with whomever would let her stay with them. You know, she would move from village to village, from house to house. For whatever reason, I think the Anson uncles all kind of negotiated amongst themselves to take care of her for a certain amount of time each. She had to move on because, you know, they're all dirt poor. You know, and the girl was, you know, it's another mouth to feed. They got to, you know, have school expenses and whatnot. I mean, it's just another expense to have her there. But everyone kind of felt sorry for her. Anyway, she had nothing. I mean, this 18 year old girl, she had nothing. She had nothing, her whole freaking life, except for one thing. She did have one thing today, you know, that she's an adult. She turned into a beautiful young lady. I mean, absolutely perfect. Perfect. Beautiful face. Slim. Perfect skin. Long hair. The only thing she didn't really have, you know, clothes, clothes basically add holes in them. So the guy walks in, the foreigner walks into the grandpa's house. And right in front of this foreign guy, who just realized that he does not love this ex-girlfriend who he thought he did. He's there in the house. But there was this girl. Let's just say that the girl, uh, she caught the guy's eye. And she herself, she also looked enamored. There's this particular savior. Let's just say entered grandpa's house. And, you know, when it's down, it's the province. There are no foreigners there. This guy really stands. He's freaking Brad Pitt. Okay. Anyway, let's not exaggerate here. But anyway, it's not an old foreign guy. He's pretty young. For the guy, it was love at first sight when he saw this 18 year old. For the girl, I mean, who knows? Who knows? Who knows her feelings? Okay. But the guy was there for a few days. He spent a few days in this province town. And he kind of went in the direction of wanting to see this girl every day. This 18 year old beautiful girl. You know, they chatted on messenger when he wasn't visiting them. You know, when he was at his hotel room, for example, or she was wherever. Sometimes he'd be there at grandpa's house where she lived. She lived, she was one of these many people who lived next to grandpa's house. But there was another issue here. Okay. The aunt of the girl, the aunt of the girl, who was more the same age as the one that she lived in. And she was like, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don know. She started saying bad things about the 18 year old in an obvious attempt to get the guy to change his mind About liking her and switching over to this aunt, you know But the guy knew who he was attracted to was pretty obvious to himself and to everyone else So the guy knew this girl has needs okay to say teen year old. She's got needs You know, I mean she's got nothing. She literally has nothing hardly had an education as she switched schools all the time But it was it was almost done. She was almost done high school and don't give a comment that the guys appeared okay The girl is 18 there was a lock up in the fills and that kept these underprivileged kids out of school They the wealthier kids they could stay in school, you know They could do zoom or whatever right but they underprivileged kids around the Philippines They had a lot of problems during this time. That's just the reality folks. Okay, so anyway that she's 18 She's still in school anyway. She's still studying in high school at the time that she met the foreign guy But that's beside the point here folks so the guy buys her this 18 year old He buys her everything that she needs including a cell phone clothes school uniform school bag Whatever she needs right so her dream in life was to have a smartphone and her dream finally did come true She got her phone from the guy over the days The two were hanging out and they did form kind of a strong bond, you know I mean there's no hanky pinky. We're talking about a perfect gentleman here and some innocent girl who doesn't Know any better, but you know the guy respected her and he didn't you didn't touch her anything except for one hug They did have one hug during their time there so the guy's got to go he takes off He can only take this small village thing for so long But he keeps in touch with the girl via Facebook the 18 year girl now the story takes a twistier folks, okay? So the guy's gone The guy's gone now the family takes a trip to the beach and You know the 18 year old she brings her phone so the phone gets stolen here folks, okay? So as she left her bag with the aunt as she went swimming now It's only family together here at the beach folks. So that's why this is a bit of a weird story So she finishes her swimming okay? She finishes her swimming and returns to the beach and the phone is gone, okay? The phone is gone the she put the phone in a bag, okay? And the the bag was next to the aunt, okay? It was sort of the aunt's bag, okay? The aunt didn't realize her bag was missing until they began to pack up to go Coinciding with the 18 year old finishing her swim and coming out, you know with her cousins to everyone who's leaving So they called them in from swimming so immediately the first culprit the first culprit of the stolen phone is the ex girlfriend of the guy Because the ex girlfriend also needed a phone and the guy bought a phone for the 18 year old not the ex girlfriend So the ex girlfriend was kind of pissed so she became the culprit I mean talk about selfish this girl has a new boyfriend He should buy her a phone not the ex boyfriend, but she's so selfish She expected a phone from the ex boyfriend anyway, let's carry on her folks So the ex girlfriend is a culprit and the next culprit was the aunt, okay? And I'll tell you why a week after the stolen phone incident, okay? The aunt who was looking after the girl's phone she bought a new phone for her boyfriend, okay? So word was getting around like where did she suddenly get enough money to buy a phone for her live-in boyfriend? As the live-in boyfriend was a freaking fisherman who had no real salary the aunt just worked sort of freelance as a beautician doing manicures pedicures so she had no real income so suddenly she buys a phone for her live-in boyfriend her excuse because she was questioned was that she borrowed the money to buy the phone and a lot of these Provinces people they do have easy access to loans and they like them because the monthly payback amount is Pretty low so anyway the 18 year old told the foreign boyfriend that it couldn't be the aunt because she had always taken care of her More than the others, you know like it was basically a mother daughter relationship between the two so it couldn't have been the aunt I mean she would not do her that way the aunt saw the 18 year old as a daughter So it could not have been her could not have been the aunt who stole the phone besides that I mean the phone she got for her boyfriend was not the phone that the guy bought for the 18 year old the phone was a different brand so the 18 year old is telling to the foreign guy via messenger that you know It couldn't be her because it was a different brand the phone and the 18 year old is trying to deflect the blame to the ex-girlfriend She doesn't want the foreign guy to blame the aunt she wants to foreign guy to blame his ex-girlfriend She took it as you know she did express her anger towards the phone being bought for the 18 year old in the first place So the foreign guy says to the 18 year old, you know, it must be the end It's got to be the end because what she must have done was she you know She wasn't stupid enough to just give her live-in partner the phone she just stole instead You know she sold the phone that she just stole at the marketplace and bought him another phone And I mean for no other reason than the timing you got to think about the time it was one week after the 18 year old's phone was stolen Okay, now the fisherman the liban boyfriend here he had never had a phone in his 40 years You know and then a week after the 18 year old phone gets stolen the guy gets a new phone I mean come on line things up here folks the 18 year old though was kind of angry at the guy You know the guy the foreign guy for not blaming the ex-girlfriend not putting the blame where she thought it ought to be like She said you must still love your ex-girlfriend and the guy is telling her to get into reality like it has to be the aunt Although you know at first it did seem it was the ex-girlfriend at the very beginning before the aunt bought the phone because she was very pissed about him buying her the phone The guy even told the ex-girlfriend a day after the stealing accident like the guy said to the ex-girlfriend Okay, because they're talking right what if I bought the 18 year old a new phone okay, and the ex-girlfriend said I'll go to her house And I'll break it now obviously it was out of jealousy She did not like the guy buying her a phone So this made the guy realize like it must be the ex-girlfriend, but that was before the aunt bought a phone for her live-in boyfriend things changed then So since the 18 year old could not fathom the idea that her aunt or basically her her adopted mother took her phone The foreign guy insisted the timing was too coincidental to be a coincidence the 18 year old was so offended due to that accusation and also ignoring the fact that in her mind the ex-girlfriend definitely took it so the 18 year old took the guy to stop talking to her She said stop talking to me and that was the end of that Relationship, but there is another twist here folks A month after this stealing phone incident the 18 year old messaged him again out of the blue there was a revelation Okay, a revelation to the story so in the bag that was stolen there was this phone There was the girls phone, but there was also some toy one of the cousins, you know, Rinky dinky toys I guess so it was a toy from one of the boy cousins okay, so just as all the family is always in each other's houses The boy was in this aunt's house the boy who lost his toy and in the aunt's house who lived about a five minute Took took right away the boy was in her house and he found his toy the same toy that was in the bag with the 18 year old girl's phone so the girl tells the guy the foreign guy that you know after the phone was stolen This aunt asked what was the password of her phone? Okay, and the 18 year old thought nothing of it and told her told the aunt her password and that was the end of that So obviously this aunt took the phone why she took it I mean she's the most well-off person in the family due to her past boyfriends and her current LDR So this aunt had a foreign boyfriend who bought her a house okay that relationship ended right she had two babies with the Filipino guys Who are a policeman and an army man okay? So she does have money coming in on top of that she has an LDR boyfriend who currently sends her 40,000 pesos a month But anyway, it's kind of a mystery why the hell did she steal the phone and it must have been her as that toy was in the same bag as the phone was but anyway the boy who found his own toy he said that the aunt offered him 50 pesos not to tell anyone He found the toy so the boy took the 50 pesos, but he was too young You know, I mean he's in grade one or whatever he was too young to understand what you know what was going on So you know he returns home he returns home and he gives his mother this 50 pesos that he was just given and the mom asked How did you get 50 pesos and he told her exactly what happened? So then it was pretty obvious what happened okay the aunt for whatever reason took this phone It was not the ex girlfriend it was not the aunt who this foreigner thought it was anyway Nobody is going to confront this particular aunt for two reasons and the guy asked her the guy asked why why not just confront her first The family depends on her for money, you know during important times so they don't want to get on her bad side Okay, so she has like a proper house with aircon so the family members often sleep there if it's too hot or whatever You know she feeds them if they're hungry etc. Okay, so the second reason is that as the foreign guy is told okay She is truly evil and vindictive and they fear her wrath Okay, if she is accused of stealing the phone and again, you know why steal the phone You know she has no reason to steal the phone even her youngest daughter who is four years old has a phone But for some reason it really seems like she took the phone anyway another month passed and the 18 year old Then asked the guy this foreign dude if if he can buy her another phone the guy says why you know She says she needs it for her assignments, you know She's used to using her aunt's phone, but that phone broke I'm not sure exactly why she needed a phone, but I guess for you know research or whatever anyway The guy said to her the foreign guy said to her that you know, you know I bought you some stuff because I liked you. I liked you, you know, I liked you But you know we don't talk anymore. We're sort of not really in each other's lives anymore You know basically the guy washed his hands with the whole situation, but there was some left out details from this story here folks Um the guy said that he felt like he couldn't even lift a finger while he was there without everyone in the family Gossiping and it's and it's a big family, but everything he does the family gossips about if he buys something You know, it's oh he bought something for her Why didn't he buy something for me and there was an incident where he bought two of the kids in elementary school A school uniform and the result was there was this big commotion because most of the family had to borrow money in order to buy their kids a school uniform and when he bought a uniform for these two kids who didn't have a uniform And it was about a thousand pesos each for a uniform the other parents in the family were gossiping that this is not fair It's not fair because you know if they had not borrowed money to buy their kids a uniform He would have bought my kids uniform and I wouldn't be in debt right now You know, you know, they're still making payments every month anyway The guy got out of this village and he washed his hands with the whole thing and he thought that ending it with the 18 year old It was probably for the best as he wanted nothing to do with this family He wanted nothing to do with this village ever again He wrote the whole thing off and that was that life does go on folks anyway That was just one story from the village folks It was another village story and I thank you my friend for sending me this story It was quite a story with a lot of twist and turns. It's the kind of story I like anyway folks I will see you on the next video folks and I cannot wait to see you on the next video because the next video is gonna be a real banger I will see you then subscribe like and subscribe my good friends Adios