 Hi, how are you? I'm Liga, I'm in the kitchen, my name is Ovela and today we are literally going to figure out how the US stole the Philippines. This is literally the title of the video and I thought it was very interesting. Clearly this is going to be about the Philippines and I guess also the US's history. Right? Let's watch it together and learn a little bit of history. Before we start though, make sure to follow me on Instagram at MusicAimNews because that is where you can DM your suggestions and without further ado, let's jump right into it. There is a cluster of 7,000 islands that looks like one of the most beautiful places on Earth. Yeah, having basically. We've been living here for over 30,000 years, traveling between these islands, trading with each other and with the region and developing religion, identity and culture. It eventually became a country called Ma'e and while all of these are happening here on these islands, another group of humans had been evolving in another part of the world over here in New York. Well, yeah, they have to mention Spain's culture. A different religion. Many of their advancements were achieved through expansion, not collaboration. Yeah, they were conquered. And they were relicrised when they stomped out others. Yeah. They wanted to conquer. There you go, he just said it. They wanted to conquer. Basically, this is very interesting because this is what I've been seeing in my reactions to the Filipino telenovela, Maria Clara, and Ibarra, where you see the effect of Spain on the Philippines and Filipinos in general and how they treated Filipinos like they were. They weren't even humans, you know. They were nothing. They treated them like animals without any rights or anything like that. They felt superior to Filipinos, these panards and religious spinners to be exact. These island, these people, this culture would soon be swallowed, stripped of what made them them. And soon their name would be changed, after the name of the king of their conquerors. This isn't a story just... But it has never changed their hearts. Okay. It has never tainted the purity of their hearts seriously. About a big, powerful military taking over new lands. We know that story pretty well. The story of these people offers a new perspective to anyone who will listen. It's a perspective that has been wiped from our history books. Because of the inherent discomfort and tension, with this fact that the United States, once a colony that heroically threw off an empire to become independent, soon became an empire itself, it contradicts our founding belief that it is, quote, self-evident that all men are created evil. And this story isn't just a history. That empire still exists today with the whole possessions and subjects. It's all wrapped up in the story of these 7,000 islands and their people. So I want to tell you this story. Love those festivals. How the US stole the Philippines. I really wonder what he means by stole the Philippines, you know. What did they steal? You know, they didn't steal the land. Because now it is still a Filipino land. Did they steal Filipino money? Did they steal their culture? Did they steal? What did they steal exactly? This video could be called how Spain stole the Philippines. Since Spain was the first nation to conquer these islands like 500 years ago. Actually exactly 500 years ago. And indeed Spain left a very deep influence on these islands, not least of the name itself, which is named after King Philip. Spain brought their religion, their language, their culture. Which is why the most common last names in the Philippines are like Reyes or Del Rosario de la Cruz, Del San Tos. But the heyday of the Spanish Empire came and went. And by the 1800s, it was kind of crumbling. But it was the arrival of a new superpower that I believe had a bigger imprint. Not just on the Philippines, but on the US itself. It is that much interesting. That's interesting. And behaviors that we still grapple with today. And that's why this is the story of how the US stole the Philippines. So let's go. Okay, so it's the end of the 1800s. Up until now, US expansion sort of looks like this. It's all happening on this mainland. And at this point, there sort of became a big debate of like, do we keep going? Some people wanted to keep expanding the US outside of this mainland. The President of the time wasn't a big expansion guy, but he was surrounded by people who loved war. It was simply this guy. And these people who are around the President have their eyes on this Spanish colony. Right off the American coast called Cuba, where the locals were rising up against Spain. Wait a minute. Isn't this a video about the Philippines? Why are we talking about Cuba? We're getting there in the center. Anyway, Cuba. Americans didn't want to go to war with Cuba. They're like, we don't need more war. But thanks to the explosion of an American submarine in Cuba, which was probably an accident. And thanks to some highly unethical journalism that blamed the explosion on Spain. And a big thanks to, again, this guy, Teddy Roosevelt, who at this point was just a peon. He was literally the assistant secretary of the Navy. But he somehow cajoled his boss's boss, the President of the United States, to go to war in Cuba to like, liberate the Cubans from Spain. So the US declared war on Spain in 1898. But this begins a new era of war in the United States. No longer can you just go into war and just like take over land. You need an angle. You need to sell the war to the American people. So the angle on this war was liberation. We're liberating the people. The people you liberate will witness the honorable and decent spirit of the American military. No, no, no, no, no, that's that's later. We're talking about 1898. But yes, the whole idea of selling war to the American public didn't really go away after this. Why did the US go to war in Iraq? In the early stages of the war, the US. It's only when the US is now in war. I just read the title of that other video. It said, how the US stole Iraq. Okay, so I'm guessing this is part of his, of like a long list of videos that he makes, you know, like a playlist. So I'm thinking he's just going to talk about how the US conquered the Philippines for a while, you know, impacted the Philippines for a while. But didn't really steal the Philippines, you know, I think this is more like a click of a baby type of title. Yeah. Spain, which is an empire that is deeply in decline, as I mentioned, it's not going to be hard to win. But soon, it's not just Cuba. The US really meaning Teddy Roosevelt, who again is just an assistant secretary of the Navy. He's like not a big decision maker. He somehow maneuvers the situation to say like, let's liberate next door Puerto Rico. And while we're at it, let's go into the Pacific and liberate Guam and the Philippines from Spain as well. Wow. I asked his boss to do this. He literally sent off a cable to the Navy commander in Asia that was like, George Dewey, go attack the Philippines where Spain is. That is what your mandate is. And George Dewey's like, okay, I mean, told to go to war with Spain and the Philippines. Teddy was sort of of the mind like better to ask forgiveness than permission. I mean, I get that. But coming up, let me pull it off. Yeah, it's like the US wants to be seen as liberators, even if maybe those places that were conquered by Spain never asked them to liberate them to save them. You know what I'm saying? Did they actually ask the US to save them? They want to be heroes? Anyway, and now because of Teddy Roosevelt, who we literally named the Teddy Bear after, side note, we're at war not in the Caribbean only, but also in the Pacific. The US arrived to the Philippines and seized that the locals had already been fighting against the Spanish for years. The Spanish were weak and were totally declining. So it's like the top of the ninth inning or the fourth quarter of the Spanish in the Philippines. And the US shows up and it's like, let us liberate you. And go to the like, well, we've already been fighting this bloody. Yeah, it's like we've done it. You know, it's too late for you to come and liberate us. We're almost one the war. We're almost free so we don't really need your help. War for years against the Spanish. So yeah, I guess United States, if you want to come help us deal the final blow to Spain. Right. So George Dewey, this Navy commander and his fleet, show up to Manila, meanwhile back in the US, people are like, wait, weren't we just supposed to invade Cuba? What are we doing in the Philippines now? And the US government's like, because the Philippines is a perfect hub for commercial opportunities in Asia. There you go. Like in Japan or Germany, like in Mexico, which would clearly diminish our geostrategic advantage in the Pacific. Ta-da. They didn't say that. They didn't even say that. They didn't even say that. They didn't even say that. They didn't even say that. They want to liberate people. But that's what they meant. That's what they meant. The people you liberate. The horrible and decent spirit of the American military. So the Spanish see the US arrive to the Philippines and it's like, great, we're done. So the Spanish military commanders asked to meet with the US military commanders. They meet in secret and spains like, listen, I know we're losing, but we really want to save some face here. We don't want it to look like we lost to the Filipino revolutionaries. And I'm not kidding. The Spanish commander literally said that he would quote, be willing to surrender to white people, but not to the Filipinos. So the US commanders like, okay, there's no opportunity to do that. We said we were such a demeaning thing to say and I'm not even surprised because of what I saw and detail in Ovela. I know it's still just a telenovela, but it's based on stories of a Filipino hero. So I'm thinking that some of what he depicted in his books is actually inspired by probably true events and things that happened in the Philippines. So yeah. In that TV show Maria Clara, Ibarra, you can see how the Spaniards think about Filipinos. Like there's nothing. We're deliberate the Filipinos, but we haven't promised anything yet. So we would much rather it looked like the US defeated Spain instead of helped the Filipinos defeat Spain. Much better for our brand, said the United States. So together the United States and Spanish militaries organized a fake battle, a fake battle in which the US would fight the Spanish in Manila and the Spanish would intentionally lose. And the climax of this whole theatrical battle according to the plan was that at the end the US would storm towards the inner walled city of Manila. The last drop of the Spanish are. No, no, no, no. Don't tell me that the credit of booting Spain from the Philippine, like the entire credit goes to the US instead. Please tell me that's not the case. Oh, plan. They were not with the Filipino fighters. The ones that had been doing all the actual fighting against the Spanish joined them as they stormed towards the walled city to deal the final blows to the Spanish Empire. And this would mean that the Filipinos technically didn't gain their independence. That's the US who conquered the Spanish Empire. That's ridiculous. And then the Filipinos. Oh, can you give us $20 million for our troubles and the US was like, yes, sure. So now the US wins the war and they claim sovereignty over the Philippines. We liberated you. So yeah, wow. They did the fake battle. They won the war. And instead of liberating the Filipinos, they just say, hey, where are your new colonizers? Psych. Meanwhile, back in the United States. They got to keep up this white savior liberation narrative that they created to justify going to war with Spain. So you see a lot more theatrical PR by the government. They staged this giant military parade in New York City where this military commander who did the fake war, George Dewey, marches down. They called it Dewey Day. It was like a two-day parade in New York City. They created a big military arch for him. He became like a military hero for having liberated all these people from this span. And then for the cities like crazy advertisements, like this soap advertisement that has George Dewey, the commander, washing his hands with the caption, quote, the first step toward lightning the white man's burden is through teaching the virtues of cleanliness. And on the side, you have soap being offloaded in the Philippines and being given to the locals that the US had to frame. This not as conquest, but as the honorable people in the US to save these people. Or in the words of the so bad, the dark corners of the people. Oh my gosh. Geez. This is insane. Yeah. And was not that long ago. Oh, okay. So this is where things really heat up. It's 1900 now. Spain loses the war, obviously. And the US now owns Puerto Rico, Guam, and they claim the Philippines. The whole Philippines. The whole Philippines. But the whole Philippines who have been fighting for their freedom for years are like, no, no, no, no, no. You just walked in here on our rebellion and conspired with the Spanish to make it look like you were liberating us. No, this is our country. We don't need another colonized. Yeah, that is. And this is where things really heat up. The Filipinos start fighting again for their independence in this time against the United States. It is a pretty horrible bloody war one that I never learned about in school. It includes massacres of men, women and children by the United States and hundreds of thousands of civilian deaths. But the US eventually won. And they established a government in the Philippines. Back in the US, the appetite for expansion continued to go down and people sort of just forgot about the Philippines. They forgot that there was a war there. One newspaper summed it up by saying Americans didn't know if the Philippines were islands or canned fruit. But the fact that the US went to war and now owned the Philippines in addition to Puerto Rico and Guam. So this baked a very important question, one that hadn't been asked before. Which is, is all of this land America? Are these people Americans? This was a huge question. And the answer to that question affects how we see these territories still today. Okay, so a few years after these wars, there's a guy in New York City who's importing oranges from one of these territories, Puerto Rico. And he's paying tariffs on these imports because you know, that's what you do when you're importing oranges from another country. Wait a minute, another country. This guy was like, didn't we conquer Puerto Rico and Guam and the Philippines? Isn't that America? The constitution says that you can't put tariffs on stuff coming from other parts of the US. Like New Jersey can't put tariffs on like avocados from California. So he sued and his case and a bunch of others like it made it to the Supreme Court. So now the Supreme Court must decide, is this land where we just won a war? Is this America? Are these Americans? If they are, do they get all the same rights as other Americans? Do they get to vote? Do they get to participate in the US economy without tariffs? Like any other state does? And honestly, this isn't a question about oranges and tariffs. The real question at stake here is, is America the land of the free where all are created equal? Or are we an empire? No different than any other empire that scoops up colonial possessions in war and rules the people who are usually black and brown as subjects, not fully a part of the country. That was the question that was at stake. And in this series of cases in the early 1900s, the Supreme Court decided that America was the latter. Is the latter. They created a new category of land called unincorporated territories where the people don't have any representation in the democracy. But where Congress could create laws on their own, particularly laws dealing with revenue, which would not be allowed by the Constitution for states within the Union. So in great revenues. So that's totally unconstitutional for other parts of our country. In other words, unincorporated territories are land we control and exploit for revenue, but whose people don't get to vote and don't get the right to try to like their own. We're ridiculous. So yeah, ridiculous. So how long? They weren't important enough for strategic enough to be considered to become states like Hawaii or Alaska. So I sort of faded from American consciousness. Like this is why we never heard about this in school. Like it didn't make it into the history books in any sailing way. That's like, how far the Philippines had faded from people's minds became very clear in December of 1941 during World War II. The US had owned the Philippines for like 40 years. 40 years? The Japanese bombers flew across the Pacific and fought some American naval base in Hawaii. Yeah. There was a movie too about this. The Japanese came to their bases. Guam and the Philippines do American territories as well as several other American and British territories. Yesterday, December 7, 1941, a date which will live in infamy. Here's the draft of this speech. This is the original draft that FDR spent the day marking up before he gave it. Zoom in a little bit and you'll see on this draft that it mentioned the Philippines originally. But FDR crossed it out. It crossed out the mention of Manila. Yes, the Philippines was on some map somewhere. Yes, we technically... Do you know how disrespectful that is? You claim you liberated a country? Did they even consider it a country? I mean, with this much disrespect, I don't even think they considered it a country. They probably considered just a piece of land. So they liberated it. They treat the people of that piece of land like they are inferior, clearly, because they don't consider them US citizens. They can vote. You know, they can do much. But they still exploit the commercial aspect of the land and everything. And oh my god, it's just so freaking disrespectful. And the president doesn't even mention the name of that country and the capital. He doesn't even recognize that the Philippines, that the US has a government installed there. Oh, no, not yet. But the people really didn't want to hear about it because these people weren't American. The Supreme Court had decided that. They weren't going to become states anytime soon. So why mention them? After that day, Japan actually fell on invaded the Philippines. They didn't do that to Hawaii, but they did to the Philippines until the end of the war. At which point, the Philippines were finally granted independence in 1946. Fast forward to today. And this, we own you, but you're not really Americans, precedent established by the Supreme Court still applies to four million people who live in unincorporated territories. Or let's just call that for the people that are new. These are colonial possessions. The people who live here don't experience the full rule of law. They don't get trial by jury. They don't have full representation in our democracy. And they don't get to vote for the president. This is why when a hurricane hits Puerto Rico, the government is not nearly what it should be. The way Trump talked about Puerto Rico as almost another country is not a part of us. Mirrors exactly how the Supreme Court talked about these unincorporated territories. They're for revenue, not to compete with American farmers. We conquered these places, but we didn't want to bring the people fully into the American project. We left them out. And there they remained today. This was very, very insightful and interesting. And basically, yeah, the US acted like an empire, which is shameful and they are still doing it clearly. My gosh, and to think that, you know, in another universe, if you will, the Philippines could have become an American state. You know, that's crazy to think about. Really, it's insane. And I wonder if that would have benefited the US even more. Because I know that Filipinos would not have led that happen, I think. You know, I don't think so. But I think that if the US had made it a stage and basically, you know, made it part of the USA, then it would have been very beneficial, in my opinion, to the US. But now, you know, like, Philippines is an independent country with its own government, its own laws, its own rules, its own presidents, its own history, everything. And yeah, I have reacted to a lot of videos that talk about Filipino history. If you're interested, I even followed from afar, you know, the recent elections. I reacted to a documentary about, you know, the Philippines and the presidency and all that. So it's very interesting. But anyway, this was very, very cool. Thank you for sending it to me. Let me know in the comment section below your thoughts on this. Where do you stand? You know, I mean, as a Filipino, I'm pretty sure you're happy that now you are independent. But you never know. Maybe there are some Filipinos who wish that the country had become fully American, I think. You know, there's probably, I mean, the probabilities are there, you know, like, I wouldn't be surprised. So, but I'm in Manamingsalamualaikum. Oh, thank you so much. If you found value in this video, then do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.