 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Fez and this is the commodity and today We are trying pan-seed beehun and chicken adobo and from what we have been told chicken adobo is the Philippines national dish We're gonna do this kind of the same style as we did with Malaysia's food We like to call it foodception. Yeah, okay, so we're gonna eat While reacting To a Filipino street food video watching them eat and hopefully Y'all are at home eating as well, so we're all eating together Yeah, pretty much and that is where the foodception comes in so Which dish would you like to start with first? I say we start with this one because it's gonna be a little bit more difficult to eat because I see bones in the meat Yeah, so I'll go ahead and set this one to the side. Let's take pictures. I'm first that way we can Throw it in for you guys now. We got these from Taste of the Philippines, which is in Garland, Texas right outside of Dallas, Texas Mike Chin from strictly dumpling. I believe has also done a video from there But thank you guys at taste of Philippines for providing this food I'll go ahead and set the beehun to the side So let me know this so in Malaysia Their main dish is actually the rice and the other the rest of it is kind of like the side dish the protein is never the main dish in the US Everything protein is always the main dish right and if you have rice with it, that's kind of like the side Yeah, so as rice the main dish in this dish or in general You're gonna do that with a spoon. Well, I'm gonna I'm gonna start out with I'm gonna get some of the Rice throw some gravy on the rice with a potato Top though, you know try it like that and then I'm gonna try the meat like kind of nibble on it. Yeah Well, I think I want to do the same Rice Sticky sticker Now the owner of the restaurant said that he kind of Does his own twist. He's like I don't want to be like everybody else. Yeah, so this might not look completely like yours But it's supposed to be generally the same thing. Yeah, I'm gonna grab a piece of chicken. So I can Who I didn't grab a drink You ready Oh my god, I can already tell off the back That is so savory It's almost like It's got a and it's very very faint but a faint tanginess to it To me it tastes like it would be good with like Hand yeah, that's fantastic Oh It's tangy. I will say it's got quite a bit. It's kind of salty. Mm-hmm It's so good. Oh What is that? Kind of Gamy. Yeah, not in the bad way. I like gaming food. So I When you hunt you kind of got to me into the game food. This is amazing. Mm-hmm. Not what I expected. No But kind of like a hint of like a I would say almost like a soury tart flavor to it. Mm-hmm now I Will say obviously the The foods and Really the culture in general Is I would I wouldn't say much different from Malaysia, but much different from Malaysia. Oh, yeah, it's way different This doesn't give me like a Southeast Asia vibe not from what we know from what we've had like Malaysia's national dish Nazi Le Mans completely different It's more of the the sambal kind of spiciness and This is just super savory if you were to get rid of the rice I Could see this as either a southern dish mm-hmm or a Mexican. Yeah, I Completely agree. It's lacking some of the leh eat from Mexico and The rice is definitely wrong for Mexico because they do more of a Spanish or Stau rice that's a little bit less sticky. Yeah in red sauce usually as well That gravy is so amazing though. It is Delicious, this is fantastic Finish your chicken and then we'll go over here to this Be home now like how they just chop up the leg like I was like it almost looks like riblets But once you get down into it, you can tell it's just the Either a leg or a wing that's just been chopped up. So we'll throw it. We'll re throw the picture real quick right here And that's what it looks like we're gonna go ahead and squirt some of this Lime on there. It's like Yeah, it's rice noodles rice noodles. Yeah rice noodles chicken and veggies Favorite noodles right, right? Yeah, they're just so thin and Yeah, nice like rice And it's not overburied right. It's a lighter rice noodles are just so light All right Like I'm I think my least favorite noodle what was the noodle that we used on the the black Meal that we had the flat noodles no they were like all oh The round like egg style noodles like really thick, but they're really kind of chewy I'm gonna throw one of these. I don't know what I'm got this is like a little bean Throw me a little bean on there. It does Maybe a pepper now I think you're right. It's on top of being So I get that soy in the same car Yeah, it's not a crazy soy kick to it But this is super good Yeah, it has that same kind of a tort mix to it Definitely not as Salty no we're near It's delicious though this is in to be fair. I'm probably tasting quite a bit of the lemon Is it I think it's a lime and a white mine That's one yellow line Yeah, so it looks like there's onions carrots lettuce Beans I think that's it and then chicken Yeah, this is fantastic. All right, we need to get into the video otherwise it'll be a 30 minute video Yeah, so let's hop in while we're eating we're gonna watch Filipino Street Food Tour in Kuepo market Manila And this is one of our favorite Food YouTubers I never knew I'll be at a point in my life where I'm eating this is some fried chicken Cascons and comparing it to Kalamari, but here I am today. We're in Kiapple market in Manila, Philippines I know basically It's so hard to get them all art with everyday little prices, but if that Walmart was outside on a bunch of tables They have everything here. Do you need a wristwatch? Do you need some chicken balls? You that's gonna make sense soon. We're gonna be trying out all the common food street fare of the Philippines and Probably all of it's gonna be fried my heart is very excited as is my heart's arteries quick interview. Hi there really quick question. How are you doing today? Providing he's so dumb. This is why we like him so much Delicious street food to people I've been there for almost I guess Can I have some quickwek and some of this please I'm starving right now. This is my first dish for today So when you eat the quickwek it should be a little crunchy on the side You're gonna fry this up. Oh, there's a lot going on in there. Let me introduce you to the fry lady Hi fry lady you're killing it can I get a pound? Yeah all day what you know about that fry life To start off the day and we're getting a little bit of Like the quality I've been wrapped in the orange batter and fried and then oh oh so fast so efficient Look at that. Does anybody eat the food here just plain without any sauce? No Without the sauce you've got to get that vinegar on there Definitely that's also my favorite what's most important is you want to put vinegar on everything Bam lots of vinegar and then a little chili sauce, hey, this looks intense I am not the most spicy lovingest person I can handle spice but generally in life I'm not trying to prove anything to anyone. I don't want to have food that's burning my face off I just want to enjoy my food. Okay. Oh I was pretending at first, but this is actually really good. I can not talk about the feeling of it. Oh, it's pretending at first Did you make this vinegar? Dang this is swimming in vinegar and that's what you want nice and crispy on the outside a little bit of egg in the inside Ben just enough yolk. We have a large ball. Let us know if this is actually the national dish Yes, because we kind of ordered it from a Just a regular waiter But we didn't get a chance to talk to the owner till after right He did say it was a national dish though. Did he? Now if there's anything specific that we need to try Let us know down in the comments because we're open to trying anything at least one give us some crazy ideas And he even said that if there's something that we kind of need to let him know maybe and if it's not on his menu He might can make it. Yeah, so All of batter that's been fried with bits of veggies inside and soaked in tons of vinegar and a little bit of chili sauce That looks amazing, but does That is fantastic actually super heavy if you eat just here You're gonna have to take like a two hour nap before you get back to work after lunch It is not about balance. It is just all about do you want indulgent greasy fried food nice and crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside very nice No, I'm about to do Are you gonna mix it? I'm gonna gravy it up The most one part about shooting in this market is that everybody's looking at us like It's a McDonald's umbrella Fish balls Chicken balls. All right today. I'm putting every kind of ball possible in my mouth Spalls are pretty common as street food in the Philippines. I did not know they had chicken balls to them. I am never heard What part of the chicken this is Heather Okay, you cannot get any street food unless it's doused with some kind of sauce the food itself is incomplete Whoa Now that is an interesting wall the outside gets a little bit crispy and almost creates a Tough membrane that squeezes onto the inside so then the inside is just like a chicken nugget almost But the outside is a kind of a crispy membrane So let us know what the average chicken ball is made out of Because I'd like to know that and do you all use the BTS sauce? The BTS sauce good with this sauce though. I'm telling you this is like good kid food Like 12-year-old meme would eat so many of these done next So basically what I'm doing today is I'm trying to give myself a heart attack by eating all the most greasy deep fried food That the Filipinos street tab to offer could I have some calamari you can choose your own? Okay, that one is good and that one is good and Oh, that one is good. It's already been fried once. Oh, let's hit it again a little bit of oil So what he's doing now is cutting up the calamari vinegar or hot sauce. Let's go Oh, I wish I could reach out to you people on the internet right now Let's go with vinegar. It's been requested sunny. You've got to eat the calamari in the Philippines So these are squid rings. I mean most people know calamari is squid rings that they're breaded Their deep fried this lady has a very nice Mobile card. It's attached to a bicycle. So when she's done. So we had calamari at a Asian buffet and it was phenomenal Asian buffet the other day and it was some of the best calamari I've ever had yeah like usually so calamari is one of those things that if you cook it too long It's chewing gum or too short It's chewy. Yeah, but it was perfect. It was so perfect at a buffet and usually buffets you get like your Excuse me B-level food. Yeah, it's usually like not the best food But it's good because you're getting as much as you want right but this was like amazing calamari. Yeah, I was impressed Just like home and then it wasn't like spicy hot but it's loaded with boxes obviously Okay, okay Mmm, this is probably one of my favorite things I've had today You know my favorite thing about shooting is people are either very impressed and curious or very like the owner of this card She's looking at me like whatever. Oh my god. Oh Mmm She doesn't care. She's not even looking at it She won't look at me. They're crunchy. The vinegar brings the tool a bit of a soggy place But again, this actually goes together so well it works. It works for everybody. Don't eat all the gravy Everyone is very happy. What is this one? You guys let us know how offended you are by him mixing these two foods together Because if this was Malaysian food we would have so much hate in the comments below That we're mixing two dishes together and when I say we him I'm not if they have Latin culture they know this they know this Oh a sweet ball Can I have this you know what we're gonna knock out every type of ball the Philippines has today It's salamah I think she's starting to like me. She's coming around She's coming around you know I had a lot of very savory things today, but now we're having some sweet balls All right, so we have the sweet balls with what tastes like it's a sweet Tamarind sauce. No, I want you to notice this plastic baggie Around the bowl very convenient because when we're done with this bowl She doesn't have to wash it she just throws the baggy away. Hmm. I recommend you do this with all things in your life You could put these baggies over your socks and you don't have to wash your socks You could put them over your shirts over your furniture never have to say he's seen somebody add her little food stall So excited about a sweet ball, but here we go It's sweet ball time Oh Oh, I have no idea what's happening. It tastes like a fried piece of bread And then they put some kind of syrupy tamarind sauce on it if it's a hot day you're in the Philippines You want a snack that's a little bit savory and a little bit sweet and shaped like a ball most importantly Come and get some sweet balls This is so fantastic You know To me it feels more like a southern dish Yes, for sure it it does just the savouriness from it. Yeah, you got Like if you were to trade this out with something else like a veggie Mm-hmm. It would be the take out the rice. That's what I'm pointing at Um and just switch it out with the veggie it'd be delicious. I think the rice pulls it together My mic is growing hair It's black hair. It's definitely the rice. We'll get together rice is one of my favorite side dishes No, I love rice. I'm just saying if it was like if it was like a true southern dish Mm-hmm. You got food in your beard. I don't know If it was a true southern dish, it would just have a vegetable there instead Yeah, but the way that it is is delicious. It's perfect. I wouldn't change anything I love rice. I'm Mexican. I love rice. We eat rice just like every other country outside of the US and Europe. I don't think there's a lot of rice used in Europe I mean Spain uses rice in life heroes walking among us and I am not talking about Superman I'm not talking about Batman. I am talking about the fried isaul man Mm-hmm last time I was in the Philippines. I tried isaul the chicken intestine that's grilled and I Looks good So they take in the chicken intestine they put some batter on it and they fried it up and it makes a beautiful shape on the stick I'm no idea what you're trying. I know it's gonna be a little meat and then a little crunchy. Oh, it is a lot of that Liver and heart and all I crap. No That's just like gizzards gizzards are just cut up. Oh like what you cooked for us Yeah, oh Then yes, I've had that. Oh, we have livers last time. Yeah, but we've had gizzards I love gizzards. I love liver. I think they're like one of the best snacky foods outside of it being deep fried If you just do like a regular pants here or whatever. Mm-hmm. It's a super healthy meal Yeah, it's not bad and they're super cheap. Yeah, like crazy cheap Thousand degrees out here is the perfect time to be eating some fried isaul step one I'm gonna have to dip it in the vinegar. This is what you do you can dip one time and that is it You get one shot if you go back to double dip They will have your head you'll be ostracized from the community And generally people will just not be a fan of it that that's the worst part. He's so dumb. Okay. Yeah, here we go Friday sound. He's like us is what yes vinegar Like he reminds me of people that I would normally hang out with It's so yummy. It comes right off. I thought it would like stretch you don't taste any of the Intestine flavor. It's just crunchy and then chewy on the inside and milk. He gets a little more. I never know I'm in a place in my life where I'm eating fried chicken intestines and comparing it to calamari, but here I am. It's pretty dang good I would absolutely eat this again. Esau. It is a delicious and thank god That we have heroes like this walking our streets Delivering these morsels these mighty morsels of young men. Thank you. And thank you They're so un-amused. Yeah He's that is you know, it's one of two people. Yeah, I'm eating a lot of fried food including many varieties and balls I like to settle my stomach in the nice banana That is also fried and so what we have here is a couple nice tasty treats. We have fried banana And we have here what I believe is called Don't which is And it is wrapped with some rice paper and fried right? But that's amazing sweet sauce on the outside. I never had fried banana at the Asian buffets. Yeah, but wrapped in rice paper sounds like plain tains are really big in Latin America Fried bananas are very big in Latin America as well. No because I mean they have banana, but that looks amazing And Hmm some parts of the outside have become Candied or fried like crystallized sugar on the outside the banana and inside very soft and fru-laid Outside it's kind of like what you might imagine, but instead of being some kind of processed pop tart or something It's nice. It's made with a whole ingredients. Okay. All you paleo people You're gonna love this one banana wrapped with rice paper. It tastes like some maybe tamarind sauce on the outside But who knows for sure it could be almost anything. Do you like this? Do you like this? You're a fan? It's like not a fan not talking to you. See this is how we are too Yeah, we'll try to get anybody to talk Very tasty out of everything I've tried today This is certainly in the upper echelon of yumminess is how I would describe it and I don't do a rating system But if there was a hierarchy of yumminess, this would be near the top. This would be like a duke This is the duke of yum next time you're in I'm in Manila when you see a big bowl of vegetable oil a boiling and some food of frying you need to come and eat Yeah, I'm on the best ever food review show Easily, yes That looked amazing makes me really excited to want to go to Manila ah this Just sets everything off. Yeah, I was really happy with this is amazing. We're definitely gonna I wonder if they do this with beef. I don't know, but we're definitely gonna destroy the rest of this I'll fork really after this video This is amazing guys if you haven't any other food recommendations Please throw them down in the comment section below and it seems like we have a lot of Indian people that watch these So now there's an abundance of Indian restaurants in the Dallas, Fort Worth area So if there's something that you want us to try we will be able to go out and find it Yes, and if there's Filipino food that we might not can find we might can find somebody who can make it Yeah, so we'll figure it out But we do need your recommendations you can put it down in the comments But the best way to do it is going down to the description and click on the discord link Join our discord. There is a Suggestion type area and you can just put in like foods and stuff like that There's a food food area, you know, is it really okay? Just go to the food Oh, yeah food food section in the discord and put that down and we'll definitely look into it and we'll see what we can do as far as finding it Because there this one where Mike Chen actually went I'm sure he's went to multiple ones in the meta flex, but this one is literally like 12 minutes away. Yeah It is right down the road and I was super happy because as much as I love going to see Alex It's a good drive. Oh, it's so long Yeah, it's a 30 to 40 minute drive depending on time and day, but this was literally like right on the road But if you're a Malaysia stay tuned because we do have a very very Strange to us dish in the words. That's coming. Yeah, so with that being said my name is miles. My name is fed. Thanks for watching guys peace out Yeah, who's excessive