 morning, tubers, family and friends. Good morning, John this morning, my son, John, he's 22 and we're on our morning walk. We just ate breakfast and I'm eating a kettle of Muncie. It's like a lemon, it's like a lime. People call it lemon, but it's like a lime. It's a nice day today, but for the last three days it's been pretty dreary and rainy. Yesterday I never even turned on the aircon because it was absolutely zero sun all day long. As you can see the pool is kind of as a greenish tint. It was a lot worse this morning, but I, you know, well and I worked our butts off and brushed the pool and got the pump circulating and netted all the crap in the pool and put a bunch more glory in it. So the thing that's the worst about days where it's so rainy is it's not so much the rain that destroys the pool. It's the wind that brings in all the particles of biomatter and then that starts to turn the pool green. Well yeah, yesterday this thing is flat lines zero all the way across and now we're making about eight kilowatts off and on because of the partly cloudy. Mostly cloudy I should say, but it's way better. Usually I run about 200 kilowatt hours of bank, you know, a surplus going to the grid, now I'm almost 200 kilowatts below negative on my bank because of all the cloudy days. Now that we've had the last four weeks. So that's just part of the game when you're in the solar business, but I'm thankful. You know, I used it for saving my last bit of savings money to buy that solar, but you know what, I've saved so much money even since I've installed that which has been what a year and a half now. In another year, I'll have had the entire system paid for that's how awesome solar is here. So it's like two and a half to three years right in there is the payback. But now that kilowatt hours have gone down so cheap here this last six months, the pay off is going to be longer. It might even be three and a half to four years if it stays down this low because we were like 16 pesos per kilowatt hour six months ago and now we're like five or six right in there, right? That's just crazy swings in the cost of power. It's unbelievable how cheap it got. And I don't know if that's a government subsidy or what it is, but at least, you know, we're safe still saving lots of money and that's the bottom line, right? Just that it's, you know, everything pretty much is cash and the Philippines. You can use your credit sometimes here and there, but you're going to get screwed because like if you want to put a loan on a car, we're talking 18 to 25 percent, sometimes higher that you're going to pay on the financing on that. They do the same thing with motorcycles. It's like 80 percent motorcycles on the road here and they charge unbelievable amounts of percent financing, 30 to 40 percent for motorcycles. And that's the truth. I mean, that's why you can go, the price will be 20,000, let's say, on a low end, or not 20,000, 50,000 on a real low end 100 CC, maybe 125, be around 50,000 pesos, which is about a thousand US dollars. And we're talking the base lowest model you can get, right? You can say it's around 50,000. And you can go in there and pay cash 50,000 and bring it home. Or you can finance it. And over five years, and it's going to be like 200,000 by the time you pay for it. If you let it go for five years, that's how crazy, ridiculous the payments are of their interest rates here. They're getting away with it. Because no one can afford it. No one can afford cash. I shouldn't say no one. Maybe 10 percent of the population can afford cash if that. That'd be pretty lucky if that was the case. That's more like 5 percent. So that's why it's so great for foreigners over here, right? They can come here with cash. Almost like I did, bought this land, bought this, you know, did all this construction for five years, paid all for all of it out of my pocket. Not one loan. I don't have one loan on anything. Paid for these vehicles, cash out of my pocket, you know, and paid for the solar system, paid for everything cash. The only thing that foreigners get ripped off on, and this is what happened to me when I had the house built, just the house, right? The house and this driveway and this wall that goes all the way around the property. That was about 250,000 US when it should have been only like 150. And that's because I, you know, I was gone away from the project. I had to work. I was still working. I was flying back and forth from the US when I was working in Alaska. Flying back and forth couldn't keep an eye on everything and the costs were just crazy. And you know, what are you going to do? You know, you just got to pay them. So I probably lost 100 grand, higher price than if I would have been stayed here and did it myself. Which that's what I did when I built this store, this car port, the pool, the tower, the chef building. I was here 90, 95% of the time on that. So I keep the costs down. I did, I bought this truck mainly for hauling materials. You know, all the, not, well, a lot of the big huge materials like rebar and haul block and stuff like that. I had them deliver that. For the most part, like, I had hauled 50 sacks of cement at a time. They just put it on loader with forks and put it right in the back of my truck. I probably hauled maybe 30 loads of 50 sacks, at least 30 loads, maybe more like 50. It was a lot of cement. Because I overbuilt on durability as far as all your stress, strengths and stuff with the concrete, especially the pool. There's no hollow block in this pool. It's all solid concrete all the way around. And same thing with the tower, all the foundation base is all solid, solid concrete. And then there's hollow block on the first two apartments for the walls. And then there's a pre-fab, two and a half inch thick, pre-fab solid concrete with rebar in the middle for the walls on the upper two levels, the office in the bar. So it's really super, super strong. And it's tough to do a tower because it takes longer. Just with all the scaffold I bought, like, close to 200,000 pesos worth of scaffold. And I use maybe half of that scaffold for the railings and stuff for all the stairways and everything and use it for several other projects as we were getting done with using the scaffolding. So I got my use out of it. I still have a bunch of scaffold poles left there in that bottom pile right there, if you can see right there. That's a scaffold pool. And I, you know, so I probably still have 100,000 in scaffolding here. I've borrowed some of it to a foreigner friend I got a couple times and when he was doing a remodel on his building in DiPolo. But it's, you know, I had to buy some tools, like a planer, hand planer, you know, drills and grinders. I had to buy that kind of stuff here. Some, I brought some tools, which I did use all the time, but some tools, you know, like those grinders, they'll last, you know, maybe four to six months and then they'll, the brushes will go out on them. So they're like, I don't know, five to 10,000 pesos depending on what brand you quality you buy. So there's always expenses that you don't really foresee on construction. So you always got to figure 30 and this is, this is serious now. 30 to 50% higher than what you're budgeted, construction costs, you think it's going to be, you know, have an extra 30 to 50%. Then you're going to be okay. And I, that's about how much I ended up. It was right around 40% higher on my budgeted construction that I had to dish out to get all the projects completed. And I can say it took five years. The only time we really stopped on that was three months during when COVID first hit. In a month or two when we had to go out of the country here and there, but maybe six months out of five years we weren't working construction. And then that also that big function hall in the back of the house there, that was all done while I was here. So yeah, I mean, it's a lot of construction, a lot of work. And like I say before I spent between five and 600,000 on everything, everything that's where it came out, but that includes the vehicles, the generator, hi, hon. So what you're ready? So LaZelle and Ro going day off today. Are you okay? Okay. Huh? Okay, come on, bud. So just saying, have lots of extra money. And it'd be good to have two or three different kinds of income streams coming in just in case because you never know. And once you get here, good luck making the income streams from Philippines because only for one thing foreigners can't work unless they get a work visa, which is very, very small chance. It happens, but very small chance and you have to travel. So only your Filipino wife can work a business in this country, right? It's earning any kind of extra income or get a job. But if you plan on having a family or if you plan on her just caring for you, you don't want her working, right? And as it is right now, if we didn't have Roel and Zelle here helping us all the time, there's just no way that you can survive. Well, you can if you have just a little rental place and it's, you know, totally minimal living. But you know, I like shoulder room. I've even in the US, one of my valley houses in Las Vegas, I could barely walk down the hallways in my house because they were so small, I hit my shoulders almost on both sides. If you hang a picture, the picture is knocked on the ground most of the time. It's just because how tight everything is on these places in the US. And, you know, it's just two before cheap ass construction. And here everything's built to last hundreds of years, right? It's steel, steel and concrete. And in the US, it's wood, wooden plaster. You know, your walls are made of plaster. Here all my walls are solid concrete. You know what I'm saying? So, yeah. That's the difference right there. If I were to build this place in the US, it'd be close to, pushing close to two million US dollars. And when I spent around 500,000. So yeah, that's your big, that's the big difference right there. Now, like I say, I ended up spending 40% higher than I really wanted to on all the construction here. But then once you're into it, that's why you see so many unfinished projects all around the Philippines and these surrogor old countries, especially. You know, they'll think, oh yeah, we only need this much money and we'll get it done. No, and it ends up costing, you know, 50% more or 100% higher than what they figured. And then so you'll get a band in projects. So then all that money that you spent to start the project is lost, completely lost. You may as well bulldoze down the place if you don't finish it. That's why once you start, you better have the funds to finish it because there's nothing worse and just pour and tons of money into a project and then abandoning it and have a total loss. And that's what would happen if you were to start a big house project or anything like that. And then wasn't able to, you know, finish it. All that would be lost. And that's why I said, I just bit the bullet and said, well, there's no way I'm going to, you know, start and have lose a hundred, a couple hundred thousand dollars because it's not finished. I wanted all finished, completely finished. And that's a paint. That's another huge, you know, another 500,000 pesos, which is, let's see, 50,000 pesos is a thousand. So $10,000 just in paint. Painting and crew getting everything painted around here. You know, I bet you I spent actually 15 to 20,000 US dollars in paint, all the paint and I had done here. You know, all these walls, you know, inside and out, inside and out all the rooms, all the buildings, everything, you know, it takes a lot of money and a lot of time. So good luck with that. So I mean, you can have, you can lay it all out on paper and get estimates and do your best, guess on what the project's going to be. There's always stuff that comes up all the time. So you know, like I say, I'd have a minimum. If you say, okay, I'm going to get this project done for $100,000 US dollars, I'd have a minimum of 150,000 just completely dedicated to the project. And that might not even be enough. I mean, prices fluctuate for construction costs. Another thing with Filipino workers, they always want time off. You can, the best thing to do, gather and get a good crew going and that are dedicated, you know. But, and that's what I had here. I rarely had any problems with the guys I had hired on my crew because I had a good foreman that really knew that he'd worked with before the guys. But then you get the foreman taking advantage of you sometimes. So that happened to me toward the end of my project. But for the most part, as long as you had big huge meals, I had big huge feasts, you know, leach on feasts and stuff like that and treated them real well, paid them pretty darn good. For a while there, I was even paying my foreman like 800 pesos a day, you know. That's, and that's huge. Well, mostly I was paying them between five and six hundred at the beginning of the project. But as the project, as a whole construction project went on, I was slowly raising everybody's wages up, wages up. You know, every probably three to six months, I'd be giving them another 50 to 100 pesos bump every week and all stuff like that. So it got to be where my weekly payroll was probably pushing 20,000 per week. So it was 80,000 pesos per month around there for, and then that's not including other contractors I had coming in every once in a while like plumbers. And I'd put them on an actual contract. I'd write out the contract. And we'd agree on a price. And I'd put all the stipulations in there. What you know, you had to be all tested and stuff within a certain period of time and blah, blah, blah. So sometimes my payroll, if you include this, sometimes I had three, four different side bid contracts going besides my regular construction crew. So you know, you got to coordinate all that. So sometimes my monthly payroll was over 100,000 pesos a month. So you know, good luck on that. And then that's another thing. Now, you know, we got so much land. That land really needs to be cleared every six months because the foliage grows up so quick, especially if you're, you know, you're avococonuts, you're harvesting coconut or other fruits or whatever on your agricultural land. That's all got to be cleared. And that takes money too. That takes like two to four weeks depending on the size of your project. And another 20 to 30,000 pesos for like a four or five man crew, you know, to finish all that clearing. And that's twice a year. It's another, let's just say, 50,000 depending on how big your property is, of course, and where it is. And how bad your, if you're like, we're in the middle of jungle. So literally six months and it's just six foot. So that's all stuff you have to think of too. So there's always the money going out, going out. I always think about that because like right now, I only have two streams of income because I don't get paid for YouTube yet. I'm still just a small fry. And you know, I don't put much work into it. I just throw up a video from my phone and let it ride. And that's my fault that the content maybe is not that great of what people are used to. And I know that. Mostly this is a vlog about just my personal day to day life. What's going on? So all my family and friends can keep up with what I'm doing and see the property and see all the stuff that I have to do and all the responsibilities. So they can have ideas and hope a lot of you out there can understand and appreciate what it takes to keep a property going. And a lot of you do a lot of you understand. All this has to be swept every day, every other day, every third day at the most depending on weather and trimmed. All this is manicured and groomed. We pay Zell and Ruel 10,000 pesos a month to do that plus room and board. So it's a big, huge effort. And then Lela Bethani are constantly working too. And the girls, the two high school girls help out too once in a while. And then John, and we also care for John, he's 24, seven care, right? I mean, it's a huge, huge responsibility. But that's life. You got to play the cards you're dealt and make the best of it. Nothing's going to, nothing this old world is going to be good. So when the good times are happening, I always told my older children that before they grew up and went out on their own is that, you know what, you need to really relish the good times when you're, when there's something real good happening like I'd bring them to Disneyland or Disney World or something in the US. And you know what, you gotta remember, this is the good times. Because remember in relish it because most of your life is going to be pain. Pain always. Pain worrying about your loved ones. Pain from injury. Pain from working your job. And if you don't like it, which most people don't like their jobs or their careers, you know, or it's a high stress. If you make good money, it's like my job. Super high stress, super high danger, right? High pressure, oil and gas and chemicals all the time having to deal with all that stuff and all the knowledge I had to retain to do my job well. And sure I only worked six months out of every year because that was a schedule in the oil field in Alaska. You work two weeks, you sleep and work and eat there on the job, work 12 to 18 hours a day. And you go home for two weeks and decompress. But still it's high stress and you're traveling all the time away from your family. I mean, you know, just like a lot of military has to do, it's worse if you're military or these guys that go overseas and a lot of a lot of Filipinos know about this stuff. They're the workers of the world. They go on contracts for six, eight, 12, 18 months on ships, cruise ships, merchant ships. They're all over the world, right? They go and then they come back to their home and Philippines for two weeks to two months and then they go again for six to 18 months, right? And they just send their money back home all the time. That's the way it is in the Philippines a lot of people are like that. If they can handle it, you know, some people can, some people can. So that's just, you know, the choices you make in life, what you want to do. Oh, the pool's getting a lot bluer now. Look in the hole, a lot better now. They don't take long. You clean it, brush it and get the pump circulating and put the right chlorine in it. They've been running for what? Maybe close to two and a half hours, something like that and it's cleaning up real good. I'll run it for a couple more hours and shut her down. Yeah, this is just some of the things you got to think about. If you come overseas, move overseas, sell everything you got in the U.S. and come overseas. I gave probably 70% of all my stuff to my youngest daughter that lost her mother. My second wife died of cancers and I gave 60 to 70% to her and I sold the rest. And you know, gave her everything. And that's what you got to be prepared to do is just sell what you can and give the rest away. You can't bring guns over here. That's another thing too. I had to give away all my guns. I gave all my guns away to my friends and relatives. So that's, you know, that's tens of thousands of dollars that I gave away basically. Yeah. And it's just because all what you want in this earth and this life with the years that you have left. If you want to stay minimalized and just rent and you know, that's another thing though. Would you feel secure with all kinds of money in the stock market or in the bank, you know? Then you could die in a heartbeat. So many people die in motorcycle crashes here in the Philippines. It's unbelievable. It's constant. You know, it's the foreigners because they're not used to driving here in the Philippines. And it's no holes barred. You know, western wild days here on the roads here. You got it. That's why I like this big van because you know, someone hits you. 99% of the time it's going to be something smaller than you. So the bigger rig that you're driving, the safer you are in the Philippines. Big time. So I stay away from the motorcycles. People are maimed and killed constantly on those things. Stay away. So anyways, that's about it for now. We're going to walk out maybe another five or ten minutes on John. Get tired yet? Get tired? Okay, you're doing good though. So we'll let you guys go have a good day. Take care. God bless. Just really, but you just have to do pull the trigger. You have to do it. You have to take action. If you just think about it your whole life, you'll never do it. A lot of people are scared to pull the trigger. I mean, literally some people save for years and they'll have a big plan. And before they get on that plane to do the last thing they need to do to fly out of the country for the rest of their lives, they're chicken out and they can't pull the trigger. So yeah, it's a massive adventure, but most of the time people let fear keep them away from their dreams. So it's all about your dreams. And for me, it was what God told me to do. Honestly, I don't trust the banks. I don't trust the US. It's just a scam after scam after scam. The US is the worst in the world and they legitimize and they make legal these scams. Like real estate brokers, real estate agents, insurance companies, insurance agents, all those types of things in the US are scams. Scams to keep the common person down and keep them broke all the time. And that's the biggest scam that there is is the US. And the whole system there deserves to fail. The whole thing is a scam. Stockbarks gets a scam. The whole thing is a scam. So just don't trust no one. Only rely on yourself. Put your money away. Put it into gold. A lot of it. And you know, just keep your powder dry. I got like even right now. I live in the Philippines that there's abundance of food around me growing wild all the time, right? And besides that, I got like probably five years of freeze dried food stocked up here also for a family of four. So you just do what you can to try to predict what the future holds for you and your family and just do the best to make it and be successful. So anyways, from the Golden Palace and Tower in northwestern Mindanao and the Philippines, the most dangerous place in the world according to the US State Department's website. Don't go to Mindanao. You're going to be kidnapped or get killed. Yeah, I think you can get killed or kidnapped probably anywhere you are in the world. But so why are they, you know, picking certain areas to warn people to stay away because there's something that's probably real good about that for most people, right? Probably a good place to be if they say don't go over there. So keep that in mind too. Love you guys. Take care, bye-bye.