 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today we are reacting to Wake Up in the Philippines. Philippines Tourism Add 2020. We have gotten this in comments. And I think actually in the discord is where I actually originally got this from. So we've been getting a lot of suggestions. The discord is the easiest way for us to actually get your suggestions as comments are just filled with a lot of other information. So if you want to send us some suggestions, join our discord. The link will be down in the description. And there is actually a section for suggested videos in our discord. And we hope to actually get to meet you there. Yeah, most definitely. You ready to hop in? Yes. That's all I get out. Don't forget to like, comment, subscribe. Explore. Discom. Travel. I'll see you in analytics. Today I woke up in a historic playground. This is a beautiful speech. We're looking back to the 16th century. Things are pretty old. The layouts obviously different. The buildings and everything. But it kind of reminds me of New Orleans, but much cleaner. Yeah. I mean, the buildings are different, but just the kind of style, the old vibe that you get from it. Yeah, I agree. I'm with you on that. Yeah. Not that. Really old school. We get our thrills and a giant sandbox. So apparently that's a thing. Yeah. And spend all day playing in the water. I did not know they had a desert. Unless that was a beast. This is a place where time stands fast. Really big ones. Yeah. But we can never see too. That's a Toyota I think. So gorgeous. Yeah. Wake up in a little bit. The background looks really good too. Yeah. I woke up inside an artist's dream. We're debating grass and ministry. A brush drum. And works of art span from floor to ceiling. I would miss masters at their craft who transform even the ordinary into exceptional. So what I'm getting out of both of these places so far art's a big thing. Yeah. We're doing pottery and molding and art here in this region. So that's cool. The live confection came in more colors than I could imagine. And the creative escape waited around every corner. That's beautiful. That is gorgeous. Central Buddhism. I woke up to my own adventure book. Having no idea what that is. That's why those are old toyotas and those are really expensive here in the US. I'd hate to go back up the structure. Who's carrying me? That is gorgeous. Central Islam. Trust my gut. And let the story unfold. I can serve like that. Yeah. Me the best trouble plan is to make no plans. And just let life happen. I've always wanted to go on a hot air balloon. Funny story. My mom did one on her 40th birthday. And it crashedly? It did. Really? Yeah. But I mean they were all fine. No, yeah. My mom was like, I want to go up on a hot air balloon. And she did it. And she doesn't want to again. Probably not anymore. She's almost 70. But at one point we were talking about on her 50th to skydive because she turned 50. I want to say I turned well, if she's 70, so 20 years ago, I think I would have been 20. I was turning 18 or something. And then my sister would have been 21. So it had been really cool. 50, 21 and 18. So, but we never did it. Kind of glad we didn't. I just woke up from the time of my life. It started with a major throwback. Did I got to meet the big shots? I look like US Marines. Yeah. That's beautiful. More art. Yeah. That ride. This looks like a nice place to go just because of the food. The best thing about it here. The good times I'm never over. Metro, Monella. I woke up while nature was sound asleep. So I could marvel at its kingdom. I stroled through its lush gardens. The views like that are breath-so-key. And the wonder of clubs. Here, you can dance in the mountains. Walls that hold hero's story. Wow. Wow. See, okay. So I do like art, but my thing is about art is I'm not much of an abstract. Like when I went to Spain, I went to what was it called? Museo de Prado, which the main reason I went to that one is number one. They were doing a Picasso thing. So I got to see a lot of Picasso's, which if you haven't seen like those level of artists work, you've got to. But I'm not really into it in general. Right. And the other reason why is because Pablo is Latino. So. But my main type of art is I do like more like comic books. I like to be able to tell what I'm looking at. However, I love like his history museums. Like I like seeing things that are old and classic and are not classic, but like old like historically. And they're still there. Yeah, those are the things I love. I love that kind of stuff. Like I love going to like when I go down to San Antonio, I enjoyed it. I still go see the Alamo and all the the historic things that happen. You're referring to that. And I'm referring to that because if there's like a history behind it, I love knowing about it because I like putting myself in that position. Yeah. Like I like, I know it sounds weird, but like watching the show Downton Abbey and those kind of things that are really historically accurate because they hire people to keep it as historically accurate as possible. Because I like seeing like what would it be like for me, it would be horrible because I was Mexican. Yeah. Living in those times is not a friendly time for me and my people, but it's still really cool. Right. So like the Alamo places. How was on the wrong side? Or maybe the right. You never know. I roamed places that stood the test of time. And others that were there since the beginning of the bar zone. So these are just multiple different apps. Yeah. I like that place. Because there's so much. Yeah. Instead of having to do one ad at a time. Memoroba. You know what we need to do. Limerick. Based off of all these places that we're planning on wanting to visit, we just need to go get our diverse license. Yeah. So whenever we can just travel with our equipment and we don't have to have lessons or talk to anybody, we just do our thing. Yeah. Because it would be so much. That's so beautiful though. Like it's just got this patch of green in the middle. Yeah, that's so cool. It's like God is just like, I think we'll add this. This is my brushstroke. I'm a brushstroke putchy right here. Nature and Tossum. It's so unique and confusing. Yeah. One you could really sink your toes into. I wore it to beach's view and ever walked before. One of the ways, whispered their secrets. This place was my very treasure. They make it so personal. I found it. I couldn't even though I couldn't stay forever. The story of the islands never leaves me. That's amazing. I'd be like, let's try to go down this hill. Yeah. Pala one. That looks so secluded. 10,690 kilometers. We were dreaming of going far away. Not to escape life, but rather so that life would not escape us. I guess they're not talking in this one. At first glance, she dazzled us. Her parodest, parodocytal, teradactyl. Her teradactyl. She offers us the, and she gives us new eyes. I'm really, I'm so fast. I mean, it's beautiful. We're just not going to focus on the words. Yeah, we're just going to enjoy the views. The other commercials were better storytellers. Yeah, literally. So gorgeous. A lot of these bicycles have really big times. That was the worst act. I just woke up in a non-stop action scene. Where we're always at the edge of our scenes. There's that. Defying gravity one moment. It was the first ad they didn't show art to. To the moon with giants. Well, sure. And getting lost in the lights the next. After feeling the heat. Ooh. That's really, really. Feeling the heat. We finally regained our balance. So in the Philippines are those shrimp or prawn. Let us know. And found an attic finale. It's gorgeous. And this is our vehicle. Big cool. Welcome back, hi. We're really peaceful. Oasis where last memories are red. As the Philippines slowly reopens with care. We're at the island. We are now ready to welcome more local travelers. The better boy, hi. Enduge in the new clean. That was cool Like it wasn't a an electric dispenser Mm-hmm. It was a bottle that it just pushed down on for you. Oh, I missed it. Yes, it's oh Wow, that thing just pushes down. Oh, I bet you that's way cheaper too. Yeah, watch That is the or maybe that's the I mean that's basically what it does Yeah That was a beautiful route. Yeah, I know the separation and stuff I mean, it's no different than when you're said when we were selling cars, you know like no But they were separating two people that are eating together and living it's like separating us right It's like hold on we're gonna put a glass here to keep us separated I think we're just trying to show like all the precautions. Yeah, yeah, so it's safe obviously are you all getting vaccines? Where are y'all at and y'all's Are y'all on lockdown are y'all open? Are y'all still having to wear masks so we're both fully vaccinated? Um, obviously the US is pretty much I think they said 50% or more as fully vaccinated, but as far as like masked mandates They say that even the doctor Fauci, which is basically ahead of the CDC has said that masks As long as you're fully vaxed are good to go mm-hmm Yeah, let us know down in the comments. I want to see how you are doing. Yeah Welcome back That's beautiful Everyday I wake up to a feast I love shrimp so my dudes who are prime I can see my peer into history My dude He's got some words Is that a mango? I'm hungry. I'm starving This is pretty much all I've had today I only see hungry for more Buster Today I woke up below the surface I'm so in for that. Yeah, where I learned to face my fears I Go with the flow I've heard that dolphins can be pretty Jerks, I've heard that be I've also heard they're very already and nice too I'm whether what to believe I don't know Oh Whoa whoa oh so you stuck around yeah Oh, that's the What do they call chocolate chocolate hills hills. Yeah I woke up to well done known He's turned the sias So beautiful I've said that a million times, but it's just Different scenery everywhere Like nothing is the same Explore the locals living history Perhaps even find a hole in the wall Or discover a whole new world to be on top of Do scamba on xampa Sam Feng Oh my goodness. I want to go to an Asian buffet today. I thought you were meeting somebody. I am. Oh that looks so dang good. That's beautiful. Do y'all have seafood buffets? That's what I want to know. Yes. I've been to a couple down in Florida. They're like $100 but they're amazing. But no fail. Always a whole lot of fun. I love the colors in this one. Yeah. Today I woke up on wild ride. Northern. Northern. Northern. Now. Now. Yeah. Nope. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. I would do that. I would do that. I would not climb. Yes. Nope. Yeah running. Yeah no running. There was another thrill waiting around the corner. And forever long I saved for the right. It's all in some of the things. Oh I'm going down. So I got a question. When you look at like this, when they talk about islands, do y'all consider this as an island? Because I would say like 90 something percent is underwater. Or maybe it was a huge island at one point. Right. But is that still classified to y'all as an island? Yeah. It's like a sand bar. Socks. I wake up. Socks. Socks. Socks. Socks. A place where everything grows. Socks are even dreams. Yeah even making fun of me. More artilistic style. So I'm guessing this is probably further north. Because isn't that where they said most of the indigenous people are at. And always have the idea. Wow that looks delicious. The people here are connected to the land. And everywhere you look. It shows. Nice. That one was kind of a different scenery. Yeah. Again I think it was less water. See it at gal. Sire gal. See it at gal. Seattle. Gal. Seattle gal. I'd like to do that. Each corner a love letter straight from cloud mind. That's cool. Oh wow. Yes. That's a deep sand. Yeah. Worst place to run on sand. Best place to sit on sand. What is the walls I find nowhere else that makes me stay? I want to see something like that. All those fish together schooling together. Look at that. I think it's like somebody actually goes out there and mows the grass. Yeah. That's insane too. It just naturally grows like that. And this doesn't show a specific place. No, I think this is just all of the fun in general. That was a great video. A lot, a lot to take in. Yeah. That was a bunch of places. The food in the background and the last scene that you guys can't currently see. It's pretty dark right now. Looks amazing. Yeah. I think that this is like a good intro type situation because obviously we want more suggestions to get us more in from the locals. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That are more specific. Yeah. Because this is covered, I believe, probably basically the entire country for the most part. Yeah. So I would love to know more specifics. We are planning hopefully next year to start traveling. Our first spot is basically already planned out and hopefully fully funded and everything. So we've got an email down below. So if you want to help sponsor to get us out there, send us an email. Yeah. And we'll see what we can figure out. Maybe this is number two, maybe number three, who knows exactly. I appreciate the suggestion. This was really good. The only thing is there was a ton of ads. Yes. There was an ad. You guys won't see them, but there was an ad literally every probably minute out of these 17 minutes. Yeah. It was a lot. Yeah. So with that being said, my name is Miles. My name is Ben. Thanks for watching guys. Peace. Alex.