 Hi and welcome back to another video. So today I'm going to react to how generous our Filipinos are. So the original that everyone is being reacting is not on YouTube anymore. The 8 days one, the original one is not there on YouTube. So I don't know why they took it down. I'm going to see this one that someone put on. Hopefully it's the one that everyone's been telling me to react to. So if you're new, hi, my name is Samantha and welcome to my channel. If you're not subscribed, please do subscribe because many more videos will be coming along. And the video that I'm going to react, I will leave it down in the bottom so you can go and check it out. Let's go ahead and see this video. I hope I don't cry because I'm very sensitive at this present moment. So... Still so shocked. No, don't really. This is amazing. My name is Marquianne and today we're traveling through Filipino culture to see how we can rely on the kindness and generosity of strangers. Let's go do it. I've known a lot of Filipino people in my life and I was always surprised by how kind and generous they were. And now that I'm in their country, I want to show you how generosity is a big part of Filipino culture. Okay, so today to prove how amazing Filipino are, we're going to go on a challenge. I'm going to try and get things for free without asking for it. Let's see how people will respond. The first challenge is food. Okay, so we're going to go up to that food truck and pretend like I've lost my wallet. Let's see if we can get some food. I know Filipinos love to share food. Let's see if they will share it with me for free. I'm wondering if you would be willing to share food. Hey, what do you like? No, don't really. So you would be willing to make one of these for me? Yes, okay. You're really cool. Bring it in. Yeah. Filipino is, oh my god, even at the backslap. You guys are so nice. I got to move to the Philippines. Okay. You wouldn't get anything free here. I will be very honest. It is incredible how giving and how loving Philippines can be. I honestly will bow down to you all because if you all like that that warms my heart so much because I truly think that we should all love each other and appreciate each other and respect each other no matter what. So my biggest thing to my children is you need to really, really respect and appreciate life. It's fantastic. Honestly, I in Spain I've never seen that. I've got a friend, okay, I've got a friend and she's a really good friend of mine and she helps a lot of homeless people on straight and I think that for me is down. People that help each other is, so yeah, let's go. That is like amazing. It's amazing. I never expected this stuff to happen in other countries except in the Philippines. Why are Filipinos so nice? There's some rain in their blood. Is it in your blood? Is it in your blood? All Filipino. Before we try to do the next bigger challenge, I need to make sure to pay the guy back. This is just a small gift for you for being so nice. Oh, thank you. No problem. I hope you like it. Thank you. Thank you for the gift. The second challenge is getting a ride. The next challenge is a little bit harder. If I walk up to a random car and ask for a ride, what do you think they will do? Oh, it's one over there. So you want to go through the island triangle but we don't have any money so we can't call a tag and you're scared and I will drop you off. You're so nice. I'm so surprised right now. That was so unconditional. Stop it. They said yes. We were able to make a new friend and see Manila by car relying only on the generosity of the Filipino people. You always do things like this to people. Yes, why not? If you can give it to them, why not? That's amazing. Right? I'm still so shocked. What just happened? Are you serious? Are you serious? Is that just really, is that really just happened? The third and final challenge is to find a home to sleep. This one is going to be a bit tough. Dude, how is supposed to find shelter? We will go to random homes in Manila and what we will do is we will knock on their doors and we will politely ask if they could host us for the night. We will pretend we have nowhere to stay. This is the ultimate test to show you the essence of Filipino culture. I know. I know. So what are you going to ask us here? I know. It's my 4-2 peak. No problem. Thank you. It's funny because they reject us so respectfully and politely. I'm so sorry. We don't have any place. We need a place to stay. So sorry. 2019. I don't think I can accept my 500 pesos. No, I think it's all my... Wow, she's going to get so many. I'm just pregnant. Oh, wait. You can't, you know? No problem. Okay, and then you're welcome to the stage. Oh, that's so nice. Yeah, my mom's just there. She just came. Oh my God, I'm going to be a pride, bro. God, thank you guys. Thank you, bro. Oh my God, we found a place. This is amazing. These people are so nice. Philippines. Exceptional. Exceptional. Exceptional. I'm still in shock. Why are you so open and kind to letting us like, complete strangers stay in your home? Being nice, being kind to people goes along with it. And, you know, we want to spread that energy, eh? If I can deny someone helped them, and that touches them, it's very nice to be nice to the people. I think. Yeah, the world would be better for you, right? It would be better if you could use a total kindness and compassion. I can't say any kind to one another. Yeah, that's... Oh my God. It is currently 140 in the morning. We just had the craziest bonding experience with this family, eating balloon. Yeah. Singing karaoke, trying Filipino drinks. They are such a nice, open-minded, open-arms family. And it's inspiring to see how much this culture gives, especially when it's a culture that doesn't have the most. And it inspires me to want to give more and just have that instant connection with strangers and just invite them with open arms. So, we're going to bed now because I'm exhausted. Wow, we had Filipinos offer us a ride for free, a meal for free, and even a home for free. This is seriously amazing. If you've never been to the Philippines, you definitely should. The country is beautiful. But the people from the inside are even more beautiful. My name is Marquian, keep smiling, and I'll see you in my next video. Okay. That is amazing. Our biggest problem is that we've lost trust in people, and we're scared. That is the biggest massive problem. I would not let anyone come into my car and drive them. I would honestly eat. I would not let anyone come into my car and drive them. I would honestly eat. You might think I'm crazy and I'm horrible, but I'm not what I'm doing is protecting myself because of so many horrible people that have hurt so many people around me and around the world. And the trust is gone. It is terribly gone. It is terribly gone. And it's so, so, so horrible to think like that. I would see someone, I don't have any problem, a feeding, I will help him in that kind of way. But bringing someone to my home or to my car, I can't trust. And it's not because I'm not a nice person, it's because I'm scared. And that is very frightening to live like that because I've lost my trust in people. And that is what we've missed out in so many things in life because we can't trust. We do not know who to trust because they've ripped it away from us. And I'm talking about like, I'm really talking about a lot of people in this world. I'm not talking about just Spain or England. I'm talking about a lot of people. So it gives me hope that people in Philippines are so generous and so nice and heartwarming and will accept and help someone. But we've lost so much trust in this world that is so hard to get back. But I really do hope one day. We will get that trust back and we can be a better place for the future for our children, for our grandchildren, for our great grandchildren. So I hope that one day we will be. So it gives me hope seeing Philippines like that. And I am truly, truly grateful for that. And I'm so grateful that people like you all show me and tell me to react to videos like this because it really touches me so much. And I'm truly grateful for that. So thank you, thank you. I truly hope that you all take care and you have a wonderful, wonderful day. And I will see you in my next video. Bye!