 My boys and you all are at and back with another Filipino reaction video. Now today I'm gonna take a look at the easy, PC history of the Philippines. We're gonna check it out, we're gonna see if the facts are correct or not and maybe we can even learn something new about the Filipino history. Well, we probably all know something like we know that you have been on the Spanish rule for about 300 years, we know who who say it was out there and a lot of other stuff but who knows if it was still learned something new and let's see if the facts are correct. Are you ready? Easy, PC, history of the Philippines. There we go. Yeah, I like this. A bird. An easy, easy history of the Philippines. The Philippines. Birthplace of boxer Manipakiaw and the black eyedees member. Whoa. Manipakiaw, of course, they gotta start with him and this is really funny even though I'm not really a boxing fan. I still like to watch Manipakiaw fight and the funny thing is my sister who actually still lives in Denmark, she loves Manipakiaw. She's always watching when there's a match on, well it's not a game, right? It's a match and well she's a girl but who cares? Anybody can like boxing, right? Let's see what else? Oh yeah, past IPs, that's right. Oh, they've been throngs. They smell like popcorn. Really? Over 30 volcanoes and the delicious, delicious food. Seafood, fresh fruit, cheese alcohol. Did we mention the banana ketchup? Yep, that is a real thing at the Philippines. Oh my god, banana ketchup. Who doesn't know banana ketchup? If you've been to the Philippines or if you live in the Philippines, you absolutely know banana ketchup and it tastes really good. On the map, there's the banana ketchup. You can also eat it in spaghetti or hot dogs. Hey, actually that's a great idea. Why not put the hot dogs in the spaghetti and then put on the banana ketchup? Well, that's a feeling for your dish, isn't it? All right, guys, if you haven't tried banana ketchup yet, you've got to find the nearest Filipino grocery store. Go out by yourself to a bottle of banana ketchup and give it a try. It tastes absolutely amazing. We're here. If you think all of that sounds pretty great, well, we're here to tell you that it really is that great. But how did the Philippines become the Philippines of beautiful culture and wonderful foods? A place where tourists can see volcanoes and whale sharks. Easy peasy. Let's look at some history and figure it out. The Philippines is an archipelagic county. County? I thought it was a country. Huh? Okay. Which means it's made up of a lot of little islands. Almost 8,000 islands to be exact. To be exact. Almost 8,000 to be exact. But if you want to be exact, you've got to say how many it actually is. And I understand that recently there's been a lot of islands added. Something like 200. I guess that's because of all the new technology. They have to can much better survey the areas and they see. And then of course, as the famous beauty queen or one of the beauty queen set, it's just high-title low-title. Well, we all know that there's one of the 7,000 islands in the Philippines. So if you guys know how many exactly this right now, please leave it in the comment below and don't use the old figure. Please use the new updated figures. That's a ton of islands. But actually only 2,000 are inhabited. Okay. In fact, over 2,500 of them are not even named. And more are being discovered every day. Around? Huh? Wait. More being discovered every day. If it's every day that more islands have been discovered, does that mean, let's say at least one a day? That means we are adding like 365 new islands a year to the Philippines. Hey, 10 years out, be another 3000. Whoa. God. I don't think so. That might not be completely correct. Yes, there are new islands being discovered because of better technology. But still one a day or several a day. I don't think so. 25,000 years ago, an indigenous people of dark complexion called megritos, traveled from a land bridge in Asia over to the island of the Philippines. Easy, easy. The negritos would be considered the first people to inhabit the Philippines. There is some archeologic evidence that there may have been people on the islands many thousands of years before then. But it's still a bit up in the air. In 3000 BCE, waves of Indonesians traveled by sea and landed in the Philippines. And in 200 BCE, the first Malayan settlers arrive from South China. Huh? Let's go. First Malayan settlers arrive from South China. I'm sorry, but maybe I'm wrong here. But I thought the Malays came from Malaysia because we are part of the Malaysian race in the Philippines. And so the sort of Malaysia, Indonesia, and the Philippines. That's why we even have a lot of words which are very similar. People look very similar in Malaysian, Indonesia and the Philippines. Yeah, some similarities and words are like Ilao, Araw. They're very closely connected to these countries. But Malays from South China are not. But there are a lot of Chinese coming from South China and moving into the Philippines, of course. So if you guys know if I'm wrong here, please let me know below. It could be very interesting to know if the Malays also came from China. Modern Filipino culture was heavily influenced by the Malays. And many Filipino peoples have grown out of intermarriages between Malay and Indigenous peoples. In the 1300s AD, the Philippines began trading extensively with India, Indonesia, China, and Japan. Okay. Arab traders from Indonesia introduced Islam to the Filipinos. In 1521, Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan would be the first European to discover the islands. Of course, the islands had already been discovered many times before by many different peoples. But well, that was kind of how the cookie crumbled back in the day. Magellan named the island the archipelago of San Lazaro. San Lazaro? I thought it was San Lazaro. Well, I guess this is the funny thing. When you live in the Philippines, you start pronouncing things differently. And I know this thing, even I do it after being here so long. But I pronounce certain things, it becomes different. Well, San Lazaro is what I would usually say. And I know there's a place in Manila called San Lazaro. San Lazaro, San Lazaro, San Lazaro, but I guess this guy is not a Filipino. Easy, easy, right? Okay. Wrong. Unfortunately for Magellan, if he sailed to the island of Sebu and Christianized the local kiss or Raja, but a chief 10 of the island of Maktan rebelled against Sebu. Chief 10 La Pula Poo, cool name. Took 2000 men and defeated 48 armored Spaniards. 48 armored Spanish people against 2000 Filipinos. Of course the Filipinos would win, right? Magellan died in the fight. Six weeks after he had discovered the Philippines. Tough luck Magellan. But don't worry, there's a white obelisk marking the spot where Magellan was. Well, this is actually funny because this is one of the first things that I ever knew wow is we gotta thunderstorm going on outside. Well, it's rainy season according to pagasa. So, manulan, yep, manulan and thunderstorm. San Abelang Bajano. Hey, can I get a water? Can I get a tube? Because it's like a tomb, not a tube. It's not a tube because of the drinking water. Alabaian, Anaman. Well, anyhow, back to where I came from. One of the first things I knew about the Philippines was really that Magellan got killed in the Philippines. All right? I know he was a Portuguese explorer, but he was in the on the payroll of the Spanish king. All right, so it was basically a Spanish expedition going here. And then the other thing I knew is really what I'm seeing outside right now. I'm seeing the thunderstorm, but it's not really a typhoon yet. But I remember learning in school. This was the very first thing I ever knew about the Philippines was about the typhoons here. And all the natural disasters, like the volcanoes, like the easy pieces that just now, so many volcanoes here. We have a lot of natural disasters, like earthquakes, typhoons, volcanoes, and stuff like that. We're actually in a very unlucky position. I remember that's at least what my teacher told me back in school in Denmark many years ago. So, let's get back to Magellan and see what happened after he died. Let's go. Not bad. In 1542. A Spanish expedition led by a green Lopez de Villalobos claimed the islands for Spain and named them the Philippines after Prince Philip. Prince Philip would go on and become King Philip II of Spain. And the Philippines became part of the Spanish Empire. In 1872, three Filipino priests were executed by the Spanish colonizers. The crime? They're supposed complicity during an uprising of Filipino workers at a naval yard. The priests, Gomez, Burgos, and Zamora. Burgos, Zamora? Ha, it's not a Zamora, no? I thought there was Burgos and Zamora. Gomez, yeah, okay, that was fine. Well, anyhow, guys, we always hear about Josef Sal, Aguinaldo and all these other look- wow, it's really- wow, can you hear the thunder outside? That's amazing. Wow, that's great. Let's get some water. Let's get some water. We need the rain. So anyhow, back to Burgos, Gomez Burgos and Zamora. Now, why don't we hear a little bit more about these guys? I'm rarely ever hear about them. And it would be nice to know what exactly the point was of the rebellion. Why did they rebel? I understand they were priests. And they were rebelling against the Spanish Catholic Church. Was it also against the government? Or what was it that they really wanted to change? If you guys know anything about this, let me know down below in the comments. I'd love to know something more. Let's see. I know. If Josef Sal, Aguinaldo, and Aguinaldo can make a show of their national heroes. And if you guys know what's going on, let me know. Refer to as Gomboza. Gomboza? Okay. That's a little bit like our fellow YouTubers, Jamil. If you haven't watched them, you should. Haha, lots of fun. One of the earliest name-portmentos. Benefer and grandchildren have nothing on these guys. Became martyrs and helped to inspire the beginnings of Philippine nationalism. All right, guys. I don't know if that was a coincidence or what, but that thunder is really getting very loud here. I'm sorry for the interference. I don't know if we can still use this video, but I'll give it a try. But just as the nationalism was coming up, that's when the thunder started. In 1886, Filipino doctor, poet, author, and nationalist Josef Sal wrote a famous novel, Noly Mientanje, the Lost Eden. Which was a diatribe against Spanish administration and the religious orders of the Philippines. Well, Josef Sal has finally arrived on the stage. And we're going forward to the nationalism, which resulted, of course, in the liberalization of the government and eventually a free and independent of the Philippines. Wasn't there a time with the British right here for just a couple of years and the 1860s as Pfizer remember? And with regards to Josef Sal, I know that he also studied abroad. So he was a very educated person. As many of the mysteses were at that time. And he was a mystizo. All right, and I actually remember that he started in Spain and in Germany in Heidelburg. I actually saw a statue to Josef Sal in Heidelburg. Some years ago, I was in Heidelburg, Germany. And that was actually a very proud moment. He saw somebody that you recognized from the place you actually lived or spent most of the time in. Easy, easy. Because of this, he was exiled from the Philippines. In 1896, while on the way to Cuba, to serve as a doctor, wait a second. On the way to Cuba, but the ship is going to Malaysia. All right, guys, you got to learn your geography. Cuba is the other way around. And at that time, Cuba was also under a Spanish administration, as far as I remember. Right on the American Spanish War, where the Philippines came under the US administration, or US government. Resale was forced to return to Manila. But once there, he was arrested for revolution, tried and sentenced to death by a firing squad. Oh, that was down in the Resale Park. The firing squad, that's where he died. It was martyred. And if you guys haven't been to Fort San Chaco yet, I absolutely suggest you go to Fort San Chaco, you go down to the Tommoros, it's a beautiful place. And you can find a video that I made about Tommoros in my upload, so in my video list, my playlist. It's one of the most beautiful places actually in Manila. Well, that's really not that much left of the Second World War, because almost everything got bombed despite the sun. It was really the most heavily destroyed city after Second World War. Okay, let's go back. This execution set the country aflame, causing a revolution to break out. The one that treated you of Paris and the Spanish American War in 1899. The Spanish ceded the Philippines to America. Yes. Now as far as I understand, this was really not what was planned by the Filipinos. The Filipinos wanted to be an independent and free country. And they actually did declare this and kind of got screwed over a little bit by the Americans. The Americans paid $20 million to the Spanish to purchase the Philippines. And during the liberation of Manila, the Americans actually made an agreement with the Spanish government, a Spanish administrator, that they would have a mock battle for Manila. As long as the Americans would not allow the Filipino rebels to enter into Manila, then after the mock battle, the Spaniards would surrender Manila and the Philippines to the American. Soldiers. The Filipinos were not down with this, though, and they declared independence. They had a guerrilla war effort against the US. In 1902, the insur... 1898, it was declared as June 12th, or was it 1899? Something like that. Okay, that was June 12th where I could not do declared independence for the Philippines. But then in 1946, the independence was granted by the United States of America on July 4th, was also the independence day of America. So for a lot of years, the independence day in the Philippines was actually celebrated on July 4th and not June 12th, which we have reverted to again. Action ended after the American governor of the Philippines, William Taft. Yes, the Taft that would one day be the 27th president of the USA. Improved economic conditions, settled disputes over land ownership, and allowed Filipinos to study in the US, which helped modernize the country. Easy peasy. 30 years later, in 1934, the US promised Philippine independence to be effective in 1946, allowing plenty of time for this transition to take place. A year later, the Filipino people approved a constitution, created the commonwealth of the Philippines, and named Manuel Quezon Imolina as president. But in 1941, the Japanese invaded, because not even the Philippines could avoid World War 2. The Japanese defeated General Douglas MacArthur and President Quezon was forced to establish a government in exile. Three years later, Quezon died, but Vice President Sergio Esminha took over as president, and General MacArthur re-invaded the Philippines. Easy peasy. MacArthur liberated Manila. Great job. And men, President Esminha established the government once more. And finally, in 1946, just like the US promised, the Philippines became an independent nation. Manuel Roxas Iacunia was elected the first president of the new independent nation. Today, the Philippines, let's see what they are talking about here about our biodiversity. Oh, that's a tar ship. Love tar ships. I remember my sister once. She was a bit around 16 years old. I was a Bangkok that time, and my sister came to visit, stayed in the house for a few months, and one night, I had already fallen asleep. I heard some very funny noises coming from my sister's room. I was like, somebody was running around in there, you know horse playing and stuff like that. So I went to her room, knocked at the door, and she was going all crazy because she had actually bought at the night market in Bangkok. A tar ship. She bought her home. Now, when she bought it, she should not have done, of course. I mean, this is not an animal that you keep as a pet, right? So she had bought it, and it was very quiet. It was a little cage. And she thought, wow, this is so cute. Well, these big eyes, you know, and it doesn't really move. It just sits there, you know. So of course, it must have been drugged, I guess. So people wouldn't, you know, see how they really are. So of course, once they dropped more off, this little tar ship got all scared, you know, and ran around and climbed up and down everything and what I miss when don't buy endangered species or animals that belong in the wild, okay? They belong in the wild. That's where they should stay. Or, you know, they could have some in the sewer. We can go and have a look, and we can get to know more about these animals, but do not buy a tar ship as a pet. Place for tourism. It produces and exports more coconuts than any other country in the world. Delicious. Well, I also know that mangoes. Mangoes from the Philippines are extremely popular, especially in China and Vietnam. When I go to China, I obviously feel like being a mango everywhere. It's unbelievable. They love the taste of the Filipino mango, and I have to say it's really, really good. Because when I try mango, which has been grown in other countries, like at the Vietnam or Thailand or even the south of China, they don't taste the same. The flavor is different. The sweetness is missing. You know, it's not the same. Filipino mangoes are absolutely delicious. And the mangoes from the Philippines are more than 90% of Filipino speak English. Okay. And many are multilingual. In fact, the Philippines is the biggest English-speaking nation. Is it? Fifth largest. Okay. Well, we've got America. Of course, we've got great Britain, England. Ah, we've got Australia. They don't have too many people. I actually thought of food of the third largest. I wonder who the others are. Ah, India. Ah, India might be bigger, yeah. Okay. It's amazing. The Philippines is the top supply of nurses in the world. Thank you so much, nurses, for helping us to feel when we're sick. And Filipinos love a basketball and boxing. Tourists can visit volcanoes. Some of them are still active. The Puerto Princesa Underground River, the Chocolate Hills, the Banal Rice Terraces, or the beautiful beaches of the island of Portaca. Great job, Philippines. If you've loved learning about the history of the Philippines, it's easy, easy to click to subscribe. Well, guys, that was definitely a very compressed, very short version of the history of the Philippines. What do you think, Mist? Was there any important events in the history of the Philippines that missed in this video? Or was it really pretty accurate? I think it was like 95% accurate. There were some things which were missing maybe. We could have expanded a little bit more, but I guess if you only got a few minutes to make a video about the history of the Philippines, it's not bad. It gives a good introduction. I like the graphics. Absolutely amazing. And if you go around the Philippines, you can actually learn a lot more about the history. So, guys, we're in your Philippines. Try to learn something about the Philippines. Don't just go to the beach. Don't just go to Makadi or BGC, sit with a cup of coffee. Like I usually do. It's important to learn something about the history of the place you're staying because it really tells you how the people are, why they are like they are, why they're different from you. And, oh, there's a couple of museums you can actually go to. I know the National Museum, of course. It's a great place to start. There's also a few other ones. There's the Malco Museum. There's the Lopez Museum. Few other ones. I don't really seem to remember much. But of course, the entire district of Ensomores is a great place to go. Please let me know if you know of any other museums. They'll be great. Oh, there's one in Makadi. I think it's the Ayala Museum. I believe that's located where the old airport was. Yes, guys. At the Ayala Triangle, they actually used to be an airport. I have a see if I can dig up some old followers of that. And post them in a video coming up very soon. And in the meantime, I'm going to go and check if it's going to get flooded outside because I hear the thunder is getting really, really strong. And I hope it's raining a lot because we seriously need water. All right, guys. See you next time.