 What's that? I'm flying off the cobwebs on this channel. Is this being about 25 years? Get that dust away. Oh, we're back. Wow. This feels good. Welcome back to another juicy react. It's been a very long time coming. We have had busy lives. We've had a baby, I think, since we last filmed a video on this channel. Yes. We've had a baby. We've moved countries. We've done a lot of traveling. A lot happened. There's been a lot. So if you're still here, if you're still subscribed, if you're watching this video right now, thanks for coming back. Welcome to the grand return. The grand return of juicy react. It's been a lot to do list for several years. Yes, let's admit it's been years on this channel. But finally, we've made some time. We've put some time aside. We said let's just do it. Let's sit down for one video today and get back into the swing of it. So welcome back. We have a fire now. We have a fire. I don't think we remember how to film these videos. They've both been incredibly awkward, but it's fine. And if you're new around here and you're thinking why are you rambling on, just get on with the reaction. We are going to get straight in. You guys have been amazing. We have not stopped, even though we stopped uploading on this channel, we have not stopped receiving recommendations for reactions. So we have a lot of videos to go through, which I'm sorry, I missed this channel a lot. I have missed the channel a lot as well. It's a lot of fun. If you've got any reaction recommendations, please head over to our Instagram set on the screen right now and you can send us a little DM there. And if you want to see it, we've been up to in real time. Feel free to check out our other main YouTube channels, the juicy blog for loads of travel blogs. But anyway, as you guys know in these videos, we never pre-watch. We never have any idea what we're about to see. We literally press a space bar on the laptop in front of us with you guys and we're going to see what this is about. We've got a title that's it. We've got what do Filipinos look like to foreigners? No idea. No idea what this is about. No idea what the angle is. Is it a blog? Is it a video? I don't know what it is. So we're going to find out together. Are you ready? I'm ready. Oh my goodness. We're back. We're back, baby. Three, two, one. Filipinos are very pretty and handsome. Oh. Do you know how it's these years? Is it happy to be a... I don't know. Okay. When you search the term Filipinos on Google, this is what you see. This and this. Brandy Moss. And this. It's hard as well, I think. But he isn't Filipinos. Filipinos just like him. When you watch television in the Philippines, you see Filipinos as this or this or this or even this. But to the people who've met Filipinos all around the world, what do Filipinos look like? I think everyone, my interest in anger for a video is from my perspective, from my personal encounters with meeting Filipinos and having Filipinos friends. All I could say is that Filipinos are very diverse. And some might disagree, some might agree. I have mistaken Filipinos for Thai people before, especially with women. Not so much as men, but with women sometimes it's very difficult to tell the difference. But then once they say, oh no, they're Filipino. I'm like, ah, okay, now I see. Yes, of course you are. I think that's just me. I don't know, being in there and you think that's what that looks like. But then if you think of English people, they look so different. Yeah, like so different. You can get so many different people. Yeah, that's the same everywhere. They have lighter skin tones, more look, East Asian, more look South East Asian. It's a mix and everyone is very unique in the way they look from my perspective, of course. Hi guys, my name is Madeline Mousey. I'm already from Annamaya. I'm here to do an action. Yeah, I'm sorry. I hit someone, not in the Philippines, like Filipinos. I'm pretty sure I have a brain. I'm not in the Philippines, I'm in the Philippines. I'm pretty sure I have a brain. But I feel like if you're from a place you're able to identify people from the same place, easier than people who are outside of the place. You know, so if you're from the Philippines, you're able to identify people. I don't think I like Filipinos. As compared to people, I'm not. I'm from maybe like we could probably tell someone to be a more than our family, maybe. It's expensive. Maybe. Like for English people, I don't know. I don't know. Like if you saw an English person in an American house, we're going to comments in the talking of the video. I look like I'm from the matrix doing the red pill blue pill, but you get my point. Like I believe that no people, no place, no country is a monolith. People look different. But I also think that if I'm not from the Philippines, maybe I'm not able to identify more comment traits or features, but I would just like to make a point that even if you don't have these common denominator features, it doesn't invalidate your identity as someone from the Philippines. It doesn't invalidate where you're from. In my life, all I've seen is diversity when it comes to people from the Philippines. We look on this channel and we see that to me, everyone is different, but they're all from the Philippines. And that's the beautiful human experience. And that's all I got. So yeah, thank you. Bye. I'm from the Philippines. Yeah, I know. And I know it's a beautiful map. It's not diverse. Maybe it's just because of my lack of knowledge, but not like that. Not like that. But the Philippines and other countries around the Philippines, they have common features. That's interesting because if I'm supposed to say it's very diverse. His opinion is opposite. I think that's about it. I'm from Egypt. You might have picked up a lot of different people. Yeah, by any culture. In my opinion, Filipinos have a lot of common in general. Either in their face features, their skin tones, even in their morals. They're interconnected people. Like, really, if you find a Filipino have a darker skin tone or a brighter skin tone, they all have the same skin tone in my opinion. Also for their eyeshadows, they're very sensitive. Mostly being connected. Sometimes I have a lot of differentiating between a Filipino and an Indonesian, but they look really alike. But in general, in my opinion, I find Filipinos have a lot in common. Even in their morals, they're so friendly and kind. It's a rare thing to find a Filipino fronting in your face or not trying to find a Filipino. It's best smiling. I think it's easier to tell from someone's morals personality that this is a Filipino and a Bella. I've been very lucky for past years. I've met amazing Filipino folks or half Filipino folks here in Calada and have some of the most creative and hardworking people that I've had the pleasure of knowing. That in mind, I guess it's difficult for me to talk about physical traits because I'm very aware that it does really vary on the person, specifically because I've met people who might be half Filipino, half Black, or have different just features to what I might have associated in the past. I'm not a person who is the most passionate about Filipino, but I'm not a person who has to feel the dark or hair and darker eyes. But, nowadays, I think, again, because of the people that I've had the pleasure of knowing, I'm very aware that Filipino culture and race is not monolith, it's not how much on us, and it's actually quite diverse. Hello, it's me again. I'm Antony. I'm making him a cow. I've been sent to Vietnam a lot of times. I'm not making him again. I'm not a Vietnam off-sufficient. We are sharing some common features, similar skin tone. For example, my housekeeper is a Filipino, and her skin tone is a little bit darker than Megania's, but whatever for me, she just looked like the same as everyone in my family. And what this was made for? You want to see her as a single? Thank you. We are a lot different people in Korea, and we have great conversations. I think it's more videoing. We have a lot of comments like, and the guy is trying to please the check us out. And now to the point, what is in your opinion when you think about Filipino people, how do they look like? The people from the Philippines look cute because they have big eyes. Do you like cute eyes? I like cute eyes. That's why she said that. I thought Filipino looks more different than Koreans. But some people look like Koreans. That's the same in our couple. She has a lot of people. Since you've traveled, I can see now. In my opinion, just from the Filipino I've been sent to Thailand. I don't know if it's a typical flu of them, but I believe that they have some of the most healthy and beautiful and voluminous hair in the world. Can't remember. I've never told about it. Their hairline is amazing. They don't lose hair line. Men are fine. They have really thick eyebrows, and it's really nice. But the women, they're gorgeous. I think they're some of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in my entire life. I think so. They have good... Oh, you think so. Which ones? Their skin is just like... And I think they're really creative and really positive. That makes them amazing creators or influencers. They're really outgoing. They're really outgoing and open-minded and super creative. That's just our opinion, though. It doesn't mean everyone is like that, of course. Hello, my name is Alina. I'm half German and half Spanish. You can find me on TikTok and on Instagram. I have a few fillings. I love the plaza. Why not? I do that. I think it's a Spanish person. Like darker skin, full lips, a little bit Asian features eyes and dark hair. I mean, it's very beautiful. I love the tint look, you know. So when I think about a Filipino person, I think about a Tant Asian person with a lot of European Latin vibes. Yes, that's a Filipino person. Interesting, okay. A very pretty and Tant's arm. Like all my friends on the Philippines. She's big five. Gorgeous. Hello, my name is Ariel. I'm from Singapore. So growing up in Singapore, I interacted with a lot of multicultural people. So a lot of people from various parts in Southeast Asia. I'm obviously not a lot of Filipino people. So a lot of them, to me, I can easily distinguish whether from... I can kind of distinguish if someone is Filipino, someone from Cambodia or Lowe. She's growing up around different people. So there are some traits that I would say are quite telling if a person's Filipino. First thing in my opinion, I think Filipino people have very dark hair. So they have very dark eyebrows, very dark typically black or dark brown. And they also have very thick eyebrows and thick hair. So that's one of the physical traits that I use to distinguish. The second thing is that obviously because when Southeast Asia, a lot of people are quite tan. And a lot of Filipino people, I think, are quite tan as well. They also have more distinct features that I would generally pinpoint as physical traits. So a lot of those people that I met have a rounder kind of part-chake face. Where it's rounder to top and point here at the bottom. She's really going to detail that. Yeah, that's so specific. I couldn't be that specific. I feel like every country has a cyber-civacity that it would be hard to give us. Yeah, it's a full-chase, hard-shaped face. But I think one of them is a really good account for that now. And now that she said, yeah, I've never thought about that. They have quite Eurocentric features. So typically when I see a Asian person, but also they don't look completely Asian, I would kind of second-guess. And a lot of them that I've encountered happen to be both, you know. Hi, I'm Sadi. I'm from Indonesia. Interesting. To me, Filipinos look like us in the nation. I feel that we have quite many similarities in terms of the skin tone, facial features, and also body size, eye style, you have a pink eye style. And probably because of that same interesting. I never would think that it would be that specific. Yeah. We prefer and probably we have this one. Well, I do feel tall in the Philippines. Hi, I think people are shorter today. But that's not a lot of countries in Asia. I haven't liked that though. I know that I'm talking to my fellow Indonesian. But then I'm too in England. I'm too heavy. Yeah, we pull off a joke. We just get it instantly. Filipino likes to laugh a lot, similar to us. We just like to smile and in the middle of the conversation, it's just like Filipino things and also our things. Filipino in Indonesia, I think, quite many similarities, not only in the physical look, but also personality-wise. Just like our foreign friends, we Filipinos still have a divided opinion. What a Filipino truly is. Some Filipinos is the diverse race highlighting the ethnic diversity of the Philippines with naturally kaya mongi Filipinos beautifully darker in agredos, lighter skin groups such as the mestizos and Filipino Chinese, and many more groups with distinct features that encompass the symbol. To other cover-bions of ours, being Filipinos defined by having big, double-lit eyes, brown kaya mongi skin, and those are labeled as pão, which isn't really something to be ashamed of. In fact, it's often heard in the number of Filipino songs. Oh, I can't tell for the copyrighter. Stop that. Yeah, I can tell. We school kids tackling the Filipino identity, which all equate to the idea of a homogeneous physical appearance of Filipinos. However, if we were to say that the Philippines is a truly diverse country such as the United States, Brazil, or Singapore, we must then question why the term Filipino-Pilipino, which is roughly translated to very Filipino, exists, to describe the appearance of your average one. If you look into this map by the Harvard Institute for Economic Research created in 2002, we can see that the Philippines apparently isn't as diverse as our neighbors, such as Indonesia, Thailand, and Malaysia to name a few. But we also aren't as ethnically homogenous as Japan or South Korea, which are the most homogenous in Harvard study. If we were to look at the closest census of the Filipino studies on this. Overwhelming majority of 95% of the total population in the year 2000, we're of ethnic fluke. Oh, to all that was used to describe it. I'm struggling with some of these. For example, from Austrian-Asian speaking migrants, such as the Tagalog, Sibuanos, Lumads, and the like. The most significant foreign ethnic minority at that time were the Chinese Filipinos followed by the mixed misdesis. However, it's important to remember that ethnicity, like race, is a social construct, which simply means that it was made by people and some of the things we find difficult to understand. So next time a foreigner says that a Filipino celebrity, or even people like you and me, either don't look Filipino or look very Filipino, remember that a Filipino can look like this. This, this, and a majority of us still look like this. But in the end, we're all simply, beautifully and wonderfully Filipino. Oh, nice ending. Yeah, so that is interesting, because part of me is like, well, one is very, very interesting to talk about humans in general. Yes. That's what people do. But then I'm like, what's the point? No, like... George, why don't you always do this? You always go so deep for the point that things aren't point. What? One, it doesn't matter what different people look like. I get that it's interesting and see different people's opinions and stuff. But I'm kind of like, what was the purpose of that study? What does it achieve? All right. George, like it's like... It's sad. No, it's interesting. I get that it's interesting. I'm just kind of like... I guess it is interesting. It was interesting to hear what different people think. It's interesting to see what different people think. Even if the answer is that everyone looks very different and it's diverse, it's so interesting to have that conversation and to dive into it and see what's the people are like. Yeah, I'm just so far away of thinking about people's looks. Yeah. Like, I really don't. I just like... Like I said before, like I tell more easily, like, like, accent or personality. That's true. It's a nice way to look at it as well, I think. Yeah, I suppose so. I guess because then you don't want to get into judgmental, because the world can be very judgmental of people's looks, people's appearance, and that's just, I guess that happens all the time in the truth. All around the world. Yeah, but cool. First one back. First one back. Like, I enjoyed watching. And also, we have sometimes have comments that say, like, stop talking. Yeah, you guys stop talking and just watch it, yeah? Yeah. It makes us laugh because, like, I guess these videos are reaction videos, and we're reacting to it. So, are we supposed to watch the whole thing and then speak at the end? Like, are we doing this wrong? We prefer to watch it with you, talk a little bit here and there. And a little bit here and there. And then have a debrief at the end. It's also way easier to edit. True. But guys, we are back. So please do get on our Instagrams, send us videos that you want us to react to. We must have missed so much stuff going on. Yeah. So, when we used to do this channel, so much cool stuff, we learned loads of stuff. We found out new things. Yeah. Like, the stuff we did with the singers and celebrities and all. We know a lot. We, yeah, we got plunged into a whole new world for us. Yeah, and you guys know, like, we love reactant to videos about the Philippines because it was our home for so many years. We still got our place out there and we've been there so many times. We go there, like, a lot with our son. Yeah. Our son spent that three times. Our baby was always been to the Philippines three times. So, like, we love being here, but also, like, talking about it. It's just like a fun little bit. There's a strong connection. Yeah. And we know you guys, hopefully, still love these videos. So, yeah. Thanks so much for watching. Please subscribe if you're new. Give it a thumbs up. Let's get this channel back on the road. And we'll see you in the next one. We're going to film another one straight away, I think. Are we going to go for it now? Let's go for it. Why not? We'll see you in the next one very, very soon. Bye.