 It's written me out though how the people really received me, right? When I came in here to the Philippines, are you a secullo new? You're a secull. Ah, hi, a secull. Look at me. I'm like this. Bro, do I look like a secullo new to you? Ah! Maybe wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Let's put up a picture of a secull right here. Just just put it up right here. Put it up right here. Okay, look at my face and look at that face. Does that look like me? Now let me show you my smile. Let me show you the... BEEEEL! Let me show you the side of you. Okay, get out, get it out here. Get it out here. NO! Hey, what's up guys? I want to tell you in advance, Merry Christmas. Malagayan past school. My ayong past school. In advance because we're going to definitely, definitely be kind of busy on Christmas Eve. And but I'm going to be filming, okay? So we're going to have a great, great Christmas video for you guys on Christmas Day that's going to be dropping. But for now, for today, to people who are thinking about moving to the Philippines, okay? I want to talk about the first time I came to the Philippines. When I first came to the Philippines, off the plane, the first thing I noticed was the heat. It is so hot here, man. It's like, and it's like different kind of heat than we're used to in America. Like, when I first got off the plane, the heat hit me like this. I said, Damn, no, where am I at? It's year round summer. But they do have a rainy season. We're going to talk about the rainy season and typhoon season as well. The next thing I noticed was the smells. The Philippines smells different to a person coming from America or coming from the western world to me. My first impression when I first got off the plane is kind of like a smell of like paper burning. That's the best way I can explain it. It kind of smells like paper burning. But do you know why? Because trash and waste and garbage is dealt with differently here in the Philippines than it's dealt with in America. Okay, a lot of people burn their trash. Not everybody. But I mean, I know they have trash places and stuff like that. But in a lot of places, the trash is burnt. You know what I'm saying? And it sends the fumes up into the air. So just that little bit of maybe somewhere, some barung guy that was near the airport or whatever might have burned a little trash or whatever. Even if it was just a little bit of that smell in the air, to me coming from a place where I never smelled that before, I automatically smell it. I said, Hmm, smells like something's burning. Is something burning? And I was, look, I'm so crazy. I was asking the other people that were getting off the plane with me. Hey, man, is something burning? You smell that? Do you smell something burning? They're just looking at me like this. Like, what are you talking about? So I get off the plane and I get in there, right? Get into the terminal, handle all my business and stuff like that. And I'm thinking in my mind like, yeah, man, I'm going to have to call me an Uber or whatever. I'm going to, you know, get me a transportation service. But when I came out with all of my luggage and everything, I saw so many taxis, okay? And I said, oh, well, this shouldn't be a problem at all, right? I've never seen that many taxis in my life, okay? Not even in New York. I mean, like New York like has, still has a taxi culture, you know, in America, whatever. But most people in America, they just get a lift or an Uber, something like that. You just call them and they just pop up. Now, but here in the Philippines, they still have a really prevalent taxi culture. I mean, it was taxis all the way around the terminal, like just waiting on people and when they saw me, of course, me being a foreigner, like, hey, hey, hey, hey, come here, come here, come here, come here. Remember, I had one video where I showed how I learned to do this instead of this. Well, they were, come here, come here, come here. And when they were doing like this, I'm like, what is this? What is that? Come here, come here, come here, come here like that, like that. But I learned later that that's how they summon someone. Hey, come here, please, come here, right? So all these taxis or whatever, whatever, whatever. So of course, I got a taxi. I was first in Manila when I first came here because I came here to film. We were filming in Manila. The freaking traffic. Oh, my God. I ain't never seen nothing like that in my life, okay? 43 years of existence, I ain't never seen traffic like in the Philippines in my life. The structure of the traffic infrastructure is totally different. It's kind of like organized chaos, if you will, right? And you have to know the rhythm of the traffic to be able to be successful in traffic in the Philippines. I didn't understand the rhythm of the traffic. The rhythm is like this. First come, first serve, all right? If you coming out and somebody's already starting to come, you better stop. Or they're going to keep going. They're going to run over your damn car. Okay, so you got to learn this first come first serve as far as traffic goes in the Philippines. Somebody will cut you off quick as hell. And in your westernized mind or like an Americanized mind, he like, hey, he'd cut me off. Like, no, he was already halfway there. And even though you had the right of way, quote-unquote, we would call it in America. Somebody's going straight and somebody else is coming this way. Well, the guy going straight is supposed to have the right of way. That's what we say in America. It don't work like that here. You better slow down or you're going to tear up your damn car. Okay, telling you now, it's different, man. In the road, you may see people with the tricycats, the tricycles, the tricycula. You might see an elegant, you'll see a horse in carriage. Just start walking right in front of you and you got to slow down. What are you going to do? You going to run over the horse? No, you got to slow down. There's always dogs and stuff going across the street. Like, it's totally different, man. And I'm telling everybody who's moving here to the Philippines, you're going to have to get used to. The roads are totally, totally different, dude. Once I got to mixing in Minglin, with everybody walking around, seeing different places or whatever, I started to realize there is a lot of cultural diversity by here in the Philippines. Like, there's people from all over Asia here. Now, I'm not talking about the tourists. I'm talking about there, there's even people who are mixed here, right? Have Korean, have Filipino, have Japanese, have Filipino, have Chinese, have Filipino. You know what I'm saying? It's like so many different mixers. And let's not mention lifestyles. You got the Christians here. Okay, of course, you got a big Muslim population here. You have the mountainous traditionalists that live here as well, who kind of go with the traditional Filipino spiritual systems and their clothing is different. All of them dress different. Have an, oh my God, you don't want to start talking about the languages and dialects. Oh my God, there's around 180 languages here just in the Philippines alone, right? And you know, I mean, of course, Tagalog, Messiah and English, those are top, top. But there's so many other ones as well that I didn't even, I didn't even realize that it's not until I started talking to my girl and she was explaining to me, oh no, no, the Muslims, they speak something different. Oh no, no, the people that live in the mountains, they have their own dialect. Oh no, no, these people in say, Sebu, they speak Messiah different than people that live in Illigan. Right? In Sebu, they speak, what did you say? What did you say? Sebuano, Ibar. It's Messiah, but it's different. In Illigan, they speak Ilarganon, Ibar. Right? It's still Messiah, but it's different. And I'm sure Tagalog is the same way. There's different ways of speaking Tagalog, not just one way. So I had to learn that it was very layered. There's different layers here and you gotta get used to that. Oh, the brownouts. Yo, I was not ready. I'm chilling one day, man, I'm sitting there playing a play, so it's the liiiiing, doing my thing, everything went, yo! Ha, the TV just went off. Where's the lights? Where's the aircon? Right? And even in the dark, I could see my girl just looking at me like this. I said, why are you looking like that? What the hell's going on? She said, babe, it's just a brownout. Chill. A brownout. And that was my first time even hearing the term brownout. Like in America, when they say blackout, right? But those occurrences are very, very rare in America. Brownouts, on the other hand, is a very normal thing here, unless you've got a generator. You know, after a while, I just learned to deal with it. Because my girl, oh, and for all of my people who don't understand a brownout, you know, Filipinos, don't listen to this part. For all the people who don't understand that are coming from America or the Western world to the Philippines of brownout, is when all of your power, okay, in your house, or maybe in your barunga, or neighborhood, goes out for sometimes 30 minutes, sometimes it's a few hours, right? And then the power comes back on. Okay, this was something I had to get used to, right? Coming from America, you take everything for granted. You turn on the... Light switch, the lights go on, come on. The lights go on, stay on. Right? Then when you come to a place like the Philippines and they have a brownout, you're looking around like, what the hell is going on, right? You know, so, but it's something you gotta get used to. You gotta understand the Philippines is still considered a third world country. You know what? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I don't even want to say third world country. From now on, let's not call it a Philippines a third world country. Because to me, the people, the vibe, the lifestyle is first world. It ain't third world. Let's just call the Philippines a developing country. Debye, let's do that. And in a developing country, you have things that's the whole point. They're trying to develop, they're trying to make their country better, right? They're trying to build it up to a second world, first world country. So guess what? Sometimes things are not as they are in first world countries. Their power infrastructure is not as reliable, right? As in the Western world or in America or something like that or whatever. And guess what? It is what it is. You can't sit there and complain about it if you decide to move here. If you move here, you move here. And you've gotta get used to it. But that don't mean that we don't hope that it's going to get better, you know, as the years go by. And they're working on it. The Philippines is really, has even in the five years of I've lived here, I've seen them make a lot of strides in trying to make their country better, more comfortable for the people, you know, in every way. So the brown out is just something that will surprise you when you first get here, but you gotta get used to it. You gotta figure out a way to still entertain yourself, Debye without current, right? So I got smart. I said, I was right. I'll get you to premium. Okay. And download all kind of shit on my phone. I'm talking about, you know, video game play, like, you know, watching the video games I like, you know, I download some of that stuff. I download like funny videos, I download different things or whatever. Not in the course. On our other phone, we download cartoons and stuff like that for the kids. So when the power goes out, we put the phone on the power bank and sit back and watch what we download. Right? Or we just sit and talk to each other. That's something that people don't do no more, right? Because everybody's doing this. Brain burnt, right? Now, you're watching me right now on your phone or whatever. So they don't stop watching me. She watching me. Okay, by all means. But I'm just saying, like in general, we spend a lot of time on our phones, guys. And it's getting to the point that it's making people lack in social skills, because all they know is the phone. Right? They don't know how to sit there and talk to nobody. And sometimes I'll use brownouts as time for the family to just sit down. There's no aircon. So we turn on our battery power fans, pop our candles up. And we just talk. Right? And before you know it, jeez, everything's back on. Right? Now, it's kind of funny because I notice when the lights come back on, I hear everybody in the neighborhood go, yeah, like that. If you guys been through that, like it'll be a brownout, then when everything comes back on, you can hear through your windows, everybody says, yeah, like that. Right? Because they appreciate things here in the Philippines that people take for granted in other countries. You hear them say, yeah, because they appreciate having current. They appreciate having there. You know, they're gadgets working and everything like that, having aircon and all that stuff. Right? So that's one thing I can say is living in the Philippines has made me appreciate the things that I didn't even think about when I was living in America. Right? It's written me out though how the people really received me. Right? When I came in here to the Philippines, are you a secullo new? You're a secull. Ah, hi, secull. Look at me. I'm like this. Bro, do I look like secullo new to you? Maybe wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, let's put up a picture of secullo right here. Just just put it up right here. Put it up right here. Okay, look at my face and look at that face. Does that look like me? Now let me show you my smile. Let me show you the... Feeam! Let me show you the side of you. Okay, get it out here, get it out here, get it out here, get it out here. No! But yeah, yeah, yeah, they thought I was secullo. They asked me in my basketball player, whatever. When I tell them that I'm former military, I'm a former Marine, you know, retired disabled. That's when they say, oh, okay, military. Okay, so that's where the arms and the chest and the body and all that comes from. Okay, okay, then they understand. I'm just glad that they received me in a positive way. Filipinos, I noticed they try to see the good in a person from the beginning, right? It's many things that still, even after almost five years, surprised me about the Philippines. You know what I'm saying? That I'm still learning. I'm still learning. How about the typhoon, yes? The typhoons, you said? Yeah, thank you. The typhoons. Typhoon, matter of fact, let's talk about typhoon season. Woo! Shit! I ain't never seen that much rain in my life, okay? I mean, wow! The Philippines, yes, is prone for typhoons. That's something else for all of my people that are coming out here. Especially people that want to come out here and live. Just know there is an actual typhoon season. You got to make sure that you always watch the weather, watch weather reports, stay abreast of what's going on. Okay, and I heard it from firsthand experience, Debye, from my girl, you know? She went through a very, very terrible typhoon in 2011. What was that typhoon called, Queenie? Typhoons in Dome, right? It got very bad, their house flooded, totally washed out to where she was on the roof of her house for hours. Okay, that's how serious typhoons are here in the Philippines. So it's very, very serious guys to stay abreast of the weather developments that are going on in your area so that if you do live in an area that's lower, know that's near a river or something like that, you can get out of there as quick as you can, right? The Philippines is a beautiful place to live, but you've got to remember it's in the middle of the ocean. You know, it has its turbulent times, it goes through a lot of weather anomalies that people that are coming from the western world or you know, whatever, you might not be used to it. So I'm telling you now, I'm teaching you right now, you know? That these are the things you got to get ready for, right? Typhoon season is serious, rainy season is serious. You know what I'm saying? Until I got used to it, I used to say when we go through rainy season, it's raining again. It's raining, what the hell is raining for? Babe, it's rainy season, it's going to be like this for a few months. All right, check, we're going to house. Right? You got to get used to it, man. And some days on rainy season, it's serious rain. I'm talking about rain that comes from the side and smacks you in your face like this. Damn, shit! You got to hold your umbrella like this. Okay, no, I'm a student. Guess this shit here, okay? Yeah! We have a great, great Christmas video that's going to be coming out for you guys. We're going to be going two hours away from where we live in Illigene to a bigger city, the sister city of Illigene called KaGaiandi or a Roe. Right? And we're going to go there, we're going to go and see the fireworks, we're going to, you know, I'm going to get a hotel for the whole family and we're going to just go down there and have fun. and I'm gonna get footage of everything. So you guys get ready, cause my adventures from Christmas Eve are going to be recorded. Then I'm gonna, when I come home, I'm gonna edit it all up and I'm gonna have it out my Christmas. So everything I did on Christmas Eve, you guys are gonna see on Christmas, man. Okay, until then guys, thank you all of my subscribers. Thank you for all the people who support this channel. I love you guys, man, I appreciate you. And until then, subscribe, like, comment, do all that shit. All right.