 Hi guys! What we have here is our giveaways. We are still on the other side of the this one is at the No48. This is part of space. And we are also giving away BTS map of the sole persona version 1 and the intro to her group. Somewhere here. Somewhere here. So I hope you guys are gonna give a lot of attention to this because you know it's a lifetime experience to learn something new from YouTube. Yeah only here on the else planet. Of course it's for you. Everything is for you right? Yeah. Okay. Wow. I love her makeup. So pretty. I like her makeup. Yeah. She's so pretty and white. Oh she looks like Vanessa. Oh she looks like Vanessa. You know her. She's like a YouTube right? I think. Oh yeah. I think she's so white. Yeah. The answers are so pretty. Are they like the main singer? Group. This is how you do it. You too? Yeah. We learned that. We learned that. She's like beautiful. I think the concept is like that right? Yeah. She looks like a video. Sexy concept? Oh. Oh. What's that? She's like a rock. Oh she also raps. Oh. It's called Gansi. Oh. Hey. Wait. I see in the bathroom. Nadine Lustre? Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Ariana Grande. She looks like Ariana Grande. Like a bit. It's like a party. It was so nice. Yeah it is. I love the lighting and all that. The lyrics is so gross. Oh my god. Oh. I love it. Maybe they're her friends. I like the music too. Like a Nostyle. Nostyle? Nostyle. Maybe they're part of the book. I think so. She looks like like French. Oh yeah. I think there's a lot of women in the outside. Or they're all beautiful. I like the dance. So cute. The song is actually cute. So they're all just dancers? Or they're dancers? Or they're not singing? Yeah but are they? But they do like artists. They look like artists. Oh my god. Oh she knew again. Oh yeah. She did. All the girls at the ending. They're all Filipinas and love with you. Oh really? Because I think one of them I saw her and some other videos or some other commercials. I think so. But I'm not sure. Does my memory is not good. Anyway. Oh that's why. That's why they're so pretty. Like when you do your song, you're like, oh my god she's flirting with the person. So pretty. Filipina. Oh my god. They're so nice. It's like I've been a third. It's so traditional. You know from the beginning. I think it's like a butter culture. Yeah. Wow. It's so good. Oh they're really good at it. But they're not good at it. Jam, I'm really like girls who can rap. Yeah. Wow. You know she speaks English in between. But then the lyrics itself is so good. Like she just said brown. I still like it. Yeah. Nothing on us. Nothing on us. Wow her pronunciation is so good. Is it like traditional? Oh. I like it. Traditional. Philippine traditional. The other nice lips and I feel like Yana that is one camera below. Oh my god. Did you listen to the lyrics? Yeah. Oh my god. So much respect. Yeah. I think it's like all about independent something like that. Independent identity. Filipinos identity. Wow. This is so awesome. Like really. Oh. Oh. Yes girl. Speechless. Oh. And then I think it's all female. Oh. I like this song. They're DNA. DNA. Ah. Little bit right here. Oh. Did you hear that? Oh. I can't hear it. No. This is so good. This is one thing I like about Philippines music. What? They put their culture and history in their songs. And it's really nice. It's so good. It's so good. Yes. Oh my god. That's so good. Like, you know, amongst the video that you showed. Yeah. This is my favorite. Yeah. It's good. Oh. Yeah. Yep. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He... Buh Her hair Wow Damn I love her hair It's so good Wow Oh Concordial Look at her fashion Purple Impossible It is KZ Damn I don't know what I'm saying Oh, it was her Yeah Awesome Chantido Oh, it's Chantido Another Chantido This is Rose's favorite My favorite Yeah I think I heard it today I heard it in a car Oh, the song has those kind of aesthetic Yes It's kind of in the... Yeah, yeah In the channel that makes... Her voice reminds me of Kaza You know? Balaloo This is like a celebrity story Yes, it's time to be a star It's like a movie Oh, make up I love her eyeliner It's so good I'm so amused Like the color is so vibrant It's really good Love story? Yeah, I think it's like a little bit of a love Like she's waiting for her love Oh, you can't erase what happened the past But she already knew that it isn't possible It's a melody that I like Yeah I think they broke up It's like a breakup song I want to cry I want to cry I'm now... I want to cry I like it I want to download this song I like the song It's like... She's so addictive She's such a good singer Wow Like so sensual You're voice is so sensual I can't hear you Oh, it looks cute Oh, yay You say Korean? No, that's why I said in the last video he looks Chinese Are you? I saw him, right? I don't know He's so good He's so good He looks like a Korean He looks like a Korean I want to do it for a long time Really? I like it Oh, it's good I really like this song What? Did you hear the girl singing? I like the vibe I like the vibe very much I like the vibe very much I like the vibe of the song The music is... What did you say? I like it I like it I want it I don't think I want it anymore Okay, same You know, when rappers make that face, they're like a country What's the meaning of the song? I have to study hard I'll study hard I'll study hard Shanti do it when he's rapping He's like saying something so fast But his face is so complex I like their music together, that's so good I like the song also He has dimples Oh, it's my look I love this I like it too Oh, it's better with the song It's so nice The first video that you guys watched was Donalyn Bartolamas Dilahad Dilahad Dilahad A female empowerment song written by her as a response to the saying Boys Will Be Boys In an interview with the Philippine Daily Inquirer, Donalyn states that I'm already used to men saying that boys will be boys This is a song for people who have had enough of that Being a man shouldn't be an excuse for your wrongdoing, cheating, or whatever That's not how it should be You don't try to justify it by saying you're a man, and that's simply your nature The second video is Us by Filipino American rapper Ruby Ibarra Us is a collaboration with three other Filipino artists Class, Classy, Rocky Rivera, and Spoken Red Poet Faith Santilia According to April Magazine, Us is a love letter to all of the Pinae women Us encourages us to be proud of our diversity, honors our strengths, and celebrates our ongoing legacy of organized resistance With its message, it can also be a source of strength to all women who need some inspiration to love themselves The music video features various Filipino historical, cultural, and political references One of them being the phrase Isang Bagsakh or One Fall, which for Ibarra symbolizes that we all start together and we all end together The last video was Kaisy Tandingan's chart topping collaboration with Jantido Pintitled Impossible Impossible was originally released as a part of her 2017 album entitled So Supremacy It was then re-released as a remix earlier last month with additional bars from Jantido According to ABSCBN News, Impossible is a song about a woman who was cheated on by her partner The lyrics in the chorus highlight such by saying it's impossible that it only happens in movies It's really just that simple since what happens in the past can never get erased Oh, I like it So it's a cheater, cheater? Yeah Oh! That's how we guys try to ask our Kevin and you together again love Oh! She said you must be a good singer Yeah! Our relationship for is impossible Okay, yes it's impossible See you tonight Now that you know a little more about where both the lyrics and music videos are coming from What are your thoughts on the three featured videos today? Yeah, first impression, you girls are so fruity Like, oh my god, why are you guys so fruity? They're so thin You know? Real thin? It's about woman talking to the guys Don't get our conversation never seen? There was only one person who was saying But then the rest were really, really too fruity Yeah It felt like everyone is contributing like I don't know how to say it but There's no main character Everyone is the main from the video I like the song I'm so interested in the song So, it's a very special concept Yeah, but I'm a bit too much The song's meaning is girls' empowerment It's a meaning The music video is so different I'm so excited Of course, I'm okay I was really worried Of course, I'm okay The girl's empowerment is a theme It's not like the music video is not right Because the last girl is 5 or 6 different girls That's what I'm talking about But the back of the song is Girls' empowerment I think it doesn't match the topic That girls' empowerment I did the white hair line down I didn't know why they were like Showing their like, either wear something like that Showers Okay, I got it I think the first one for me Because it talked about beauty And it talked about Filipino beauty They kind of talked about Filipino Low-key, they know what's Filipino Like, you know, I think some are like Yeah We talk about natural Filipino beauty But they don't have to really show I get that, you know, Filipinos are beautiful There are many types of Filipinos But the majority of the icons we see And TV and on music videos And mixed Filipinos, they're like, whether it's Swedish blood Or American blood or Spanish blood I get that, you know, we have a lot of cultural background There's still a lot to, you know, delve into When it comes to Filipino beauty standards The thing I found kind of off about me for me Is that they showed all this luxury Like, they were talking about different kinds of Filipinos people That was a good point They showed like all these luxury Sitting in a bathtub, with gold and swimsuits And I'm like, wait, but you're talking about If power in women, when this is what you're showing who you are, I guess Because your music video represents what your music is about How you interpret your music And you're showing how other people should interpret the music as well It's not unlining, I guess I think the first and the second video Like, the lyrics, almost the same message Yeah, so, yeah But in a different perspective and a different way The first one was like, lovely, beautiful, very women You need to respect those lyrics And then Ruby Ibarra Like, she's so powerful, like, you know, I'm so proud to be Filipino It felt like my heart became so hot I mean, it's not warm, it's hot, it's so weird I mean, I mean, like, a passion to be part of a... See what you're saying I think Filipino women who listen to Ruby Ibarra I think they're gonna be more patriotic They're gonna start loving their country more Because even us foreigners, we felt like, wow It's something, you know, there's something in this song I'm gonna be like them, yeah, they're so proud And then, what's the word for a word? It's a word for a word Yeah, it's a word for a word, anyone is good Like, you know, people think that they're below other countries Especially here in Filipino And we all know that women were surprose Even before and times But then it shows, like, times are changing And things, and the culture Everything is becoming modern, everything is becoming new So, you know, everyone should love their selves For who they are I love to feel things Yeah Don't, you know, put value on what others say about you Everyone is valued for themselves Like, the being themselves Having a good life Yeah, just see proud, you know? Every time, about everything Yeah Everyone is valued for themselves Yeah, everyone is valued for themselves When we were in Sarvyeong, we heard the explanation It was also about two girls, females What they did The influence? Yeah, actually, I like the music which is really meaningful Like, God related with their nationalities Or how they get their freedom or something like that And actually, I was able to hear some lyrics Like about the freedom, power up the woman Even the clothes Actually, this one is compared with the first video The music video was quite mashing with its topic Yeah, they're clothes The culture clothes And the cultural place Oh my gosh, I love it That video really shows more of the women and power men But the music video, they really show and represent their country and their power with it And they're like, you know, trying to like tell the people We are proud Filipino Like, I'm so proud now I got to watch that video It was like, I talked about so much things It's in sugarcoat things Here's it explicitly They look absolutely Filipino Like, they don't have contact lenses on Yeah, there is like any standard way we need to use these kinds of things It's just like, you I like that They just explicitly said Like, historic things, the dominating white males, Catholicism and all that They do a lot of historic contests And added to the song So, they gave a lot of things to look at And things to explain it is to think about I like that they were being honest Yeah And being truthful That what they believe Yeah, it's like they had their own philosophy The last one was okay, like the visual effects It was good Because the pastel colors Yeah, and the neon colors, I loved it I loved it And then you was quite good matching with the actresses I mean, we singer I love that part, how are you? You know the topic is like girls' empowerment And the third one is the theme I think you did it like this to me I think we're done with the story And I think we're going to show it to you And then we're going to go on a date And I think we saw it somewhere I think we saw it somewhere Oh, I like it What do you think? I think we saw it I think we saw it I think we saw it I think we saw it I think we saw it She was so attractive Yeah I'm a girl and I personally like guys I felt like I could even fall in love with her She was so beautiful Not only beautiful, but she had this power in her Her voice, yeah She really attracts people She really reminded me of Hwasa Hwasa is not the ideal idol, model of beauty In Korea, but then everyone loves her for her voice Because she's such an attractive person I guess that goes the same with Kaze She's attractive and her voice is so central But then she has that power And she has that power You are so good They are really good She's like a Filipino favorite rapper Shantido, yeah It's like my third video watching him rapping But then every time he raps I don't know if I'm Filipino But I can hear the words It's always something new I wish I could see more And I personally want to download that song I wish I was able to meet Shantido in person Hi I'm rude I want to meet you in person, but you know It's not She's shy Like the song title, it's gonna be impossible My favorite Had to be the third one I like the vibe And it's so steady I know, it's so nice And just the sounds of it In the EDM part And it's so nice And the meaning of it is so good And it's something that I can relate Yeah, it's so good We do Since it's your first time hearing OPM music, like, end up You can hear your voices and the music production So what are your thoughts on OPM? The only OPM that I heard was like really old music Or really acoustic Like, they were playing guitars and stuff But this is the first time I ever heard it With a hip-hop side Or with a dancing or something Actually, I really loved it I found out there are a lot of genre in here Of course, there is a barrier with language But still, we can get the points The music video is kind of thing That can be shown To other country people To what is the music they are playing about So I love this I usually don't watch even the music video And then I only listen to this kind of music When I'm taking a rap, working Like, friends cars, something like that So I'm really not familiar with Yeah, with filming music I wasn't able to recognize any of them But the thing is, I love every music Actually, second and third was like really really good Yeah The visuals, meanings, okay The last one, like, I didn't want to go back to you Something like that, right? Old people really have something like Relationship problems And then like, painful love, something like that So many people can relate with it And then they will love it And then they will love it And then they will love it And then they will love it And then they will love it And then they will love it And then they will love it