 Hello, you pea poppers. What do you call them pea poppers? Because they're from pea pop land. Oh, pea pop land. That's the only thing we know about the Philippines. Yeah, we've learned a lot about them recently. Yeah, we have. We started this journey on this channel, expecting to react to many different countries. And we've reacted to the Philippines, Brazil, South Korea, Japan. And the Philippines about four more times, because you guys loved it. Yeah, you spread it on Twitter, and you're like, more, more, more. So we're like, all right, here we go. Yeah. So we've kind of been going like every other day, lately, where we've go like Philippines, different countries, Philippines, different countries. But today we have Chalabee ads, which was highly requested in the comments. So, I don't know, I don't know what to expect. No, that's not true. Yeah. The fast food restaurant ads. I mean, we watched the travel ads, and those are really cool. So maybe Chalabee. This was a new one for Father's Day 2. We gotta try it. We still gotta go there and eat it. Right now, should we walk down there? Yeah, let's just walk. Probably be there in like three weeks. Anyways, if you enjoy, make sure to subscribe. Like the video, spread the love, and let us know what else we want to see from the Philippines or any other country down in the comments below. We need to gestion. History, geography, travel, whatever you want to see. Food! Let's know. I love food. I love this food. Anyways, let's do this. We'll also be eating some Filipino food soon. Travel into the Philippines eventually. Eventually. And try Jalabee eventually as well. So hopefully you stick around for the adventure when that all starts to happen. Yeah, so subscribe so you can see those things too. Yeah. Anyways, here we go. Let's do it. Jalabee Father's Day commercial. Inspired by a true story. Hopefully this isn't. He's so, they're so happy. We're not here. I'm just trying to get my strawberry. My strawberry. Let's eat. The usual. Okay, boo. Boke problems? No problem. I said, I'm gonna eat the bowl. I'm gonna eat the bowl. Thank you. Oh, special tip of your mouth. Thank you, tell you. Did she even take a bite of it? Did you see that? She made a little nibble of the bread right there. She should have just, just swallowed the whole thing whole. I have a problem. No problem. Yeah, she's a meeper. Oh, God. I'm so happy. Um. We're doing the same thing, huh? The lockdown is getting worse. Yeah. It's getting worse. We're doing the same thing. Bye. Bye. He's so happy all the time. The film, everything's happier. He's so happy. He's so happy. He's so happy. He's so happy. He's so happy. He's so happy. He's so happy. Oh, special promotion. Libring aid, Pantantogupit. Sir, you can't help it. Pantantogupit, sir. Sir. How would you have hair cut from here? He didn't take a bite of it. He's so happy. Yeah. And here we are, the same thing as the other people. It's like a dream. Well, what's that? You got a burger and a piece of chicken? Yeah. That's interesting combo. Yum, yum. It's way... Uh... My strawberry beer. Oh, haircuts on the go! Is it walking out of the street? Hey, man! That's cool. Listen. Utterly cool. Oh that's cool! That's the actual guy that did say pretty unexpected things. But it's like I'm the only guy missing, I guess he's read reading the words to what you areeg just laughing and unable to say a lie, but I'm no stranger to what he's like., or... What, bro? As I was memorizing our own goods, Looks like a pretty like he's got a nice cushion seat for people that Yeah, look that'd be cool. Dang that that will like in motorcycle pulls that whole contraption. That's pretty cool Even got it like a mirror right here Oh Thank you Cool Father's day. Yeah, look at the little jolly bee. He's like, hey, come eat my chicken. Huh, and my rice I got mango pies. All right, and next one. I think this is their most viewed one Yeah, this is their most viewed one. So we figured we'd do this one in addition. Here we go Oh, it's got a little jolly bee bee. Oh, it's so cute. It's just like You're squeezing it goes and chicken It's a music video Oh You can fly Oh, we Have you seen a wean forever? Yeah, we sport pop pop do we use for everything when I listen like elementary and middle school? Oh We He's just to have a couch myself watching a burger I Think it's like his face But they deliver it to us from the Philippines they better Look at Christmas. Oh cool That that delivery driver You better just drive it directly to the ocean put on some like jet skis on his tires and He just goes like True just on the bottom of that ocean surface go through the mariana trench. Yeah That has to drive across the entire United States It's That he did here and we take it by and be like so a little cold. Yeah So stupid all right one more for grand parents day to get to all the holidays Here we go now that's your story cool Uhgies Oh I think I can predict the plot. She's gonna be using all that money to save up and buy something nice for the grandchild. Chicken! Jolly! Yay! Oh, it's a double-decker. Extra rice. My senior citizen card. And Saraparenya Kosaama. We're going to have a little dinner. We're going to have a dinner. It's a lot of fun. I'm going to have a drink. I'm going to have a drink. I'm going to have a drink. I'm going to have a small drink. I love her tingboi. I love her so much. I love her so much. Surprise! What? It's okay. I'm going to have a drink. Whoa! I love her! Yeah, PSP! I want one of those out of a... Stacker game. Oh, that's what you got that for? It's like, stick, stick, stick, stick, stick, stick, stick, stick. I killed it and I got it from that. Dang, you're a sadder. I know. That's why I'm an epic gamer. Yay! I want chicken now and I want bale-bac! Is that what it's called? Bale-bac or whatever? The pasta thing? I don't remember what that is. And I want it to... Apparently the mango pies are like, oh! Oh, that does sound good. Mango pie and then hollow, hollow. We have to make sure to mix it. Yeah. And then get some... I want to have the rice will taste too, because it won't be like... It tastes exactly like jack in the box, but I... Yeah, true. Unsold the unbuttered jack in the box. Right. Those are kowl. I mean, it's cool that they go all out for their commercials. They pull on the hard strings, you know? We don't even do anything for Grandparents Day. No, you know, it just tastes as weird at the Grand Pairs Day. Like, it doesn't exist. It's just like one of those things on the calendar that's like, oh, it's Grand Pairs Day. It's like one of those things where like, yeah, nobody does anything for it. Yeah. But, uh, yeah, jollaby. It makes me want to try it even more. The advertising works. But it's so far away. It is. Mmm, Chicago all the way in Chicago, eh? Eh, we can go to Chicago, get some deep-dispiece, and some jollaby, eh? Hey, I'm locking you. It's not even Chicago, eh? You're just kind of excited like that, that's what I'm excited about. Hey, Dot Bears, hey, I'm from Chicago. Hey. Dot Bears. Hey, we like the bears here. The bears in the city. Hey, I want to go watch a Cubs game, yeah? I don't even know what I heard something. Dot Bears. Uh, anyways, jollaby. Uh, if you want us to react to some more Filipino geography, whatever, like something like this, let us know what you want to see in the comments below. And, uh, subscribe if you enjoyed the like the video, if you enjoyed more reactions. Come on. Come on. Hopefully you guys check out some of our other country videos too, because I don't know, maybe some learning experience. Yes. You learn with us. We want to form you guys as well as learning our film. Yeah. It's like a learning channel. We're all learning about the world. The world is a circle. The world is a circle. Yes. See y'all later. Bye.