 Hello good morning, good evening and welcome to Big World Cinema. Without further ado, we'll continue with what you're here for. And if you enjoy this channel's content, please could you like, share and subscribe. Thank you. I wouldn't leave you car there mate, if I were you. I have a YouTube channel. Oh no, I don't see much of a YouTube channel. I don't have many followers. So you'll be fine. That's upside down. That's upside down. So why choose a particular place to live? What do you need in your life that makes you want to live in a particular place? Today is Wednesday. It's my last morning in Fort Cochie. I've been here four nights. I've stayed here four nights. I've stayed one night in an apple and four nights in Fort Cochie. It's a lovely place. It's got a great vibe to it. I love the buildings. I love the architecture. I love the layout. I love the streets. I love the people. But could I live here? I've spent most of my time, well I spent all my time in the touristy area down by the Chinese fishing nets. I spent all my time there, apart from spending my time working in my guest house. The times I've gone out I've spent down by the Chinese fishing net area. So I haven't really got out as much, which I should have done. It's my last morning. And I'm a little bit annoyed with myself for not having seen very much. Hello. I need to spend what hours I've got left here having a look around. Although I have been here before, so it's not as if I've seen the place with fresh eyes. I have been here a couple of times before. But it's the first time with a video camera. And you can hear the noise. There's a lot of construction going on. You can hear the noise. The traffic is still quite loud, but you're going to get that all over India. The traffic is loud. As soon as I stepped foot back in India, that was the instant thing that reminded me. I was back in India, the noise of the horns. So here I am back in India. I love all these little alleys in Fort Coaching. Little narrow alleys, you don't think you can go anywhere, but they're actually they actually go places. I love the houses here. They've got great houses and great hotels with lots of lovely balconies. Morning. Oh, it's dead end. It is a dead end. Is it going somewhere? Well I thought it was a way through there, but on the map here it says there's a way through, but it doesn't seem to be... I'm going in that direction towards Matenturi. Matenturi, I think you have to go right and don't go left. Yes. And then think the past one. Okay, thank you very much. Okay, thank you. Well, you can go this way. It's just on Google Maps. It's not very accurate. No, you can't go this way. So Google Maps is completely wrong. That's to do what the lady said. Back to the main road. So there was a dead end there after all. So this is the Fort Cochute Yeti Tim in a way that both goes to Analan. I just come from. Are you ready? Yes. Are you sure? No, thank you. So I think to this place before our Cochute, let's go and have a look. Oh, it's... is it open? I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm going here to Art Cochute, but it's closed. So what you'll find with India is you'll see a lot of guys being affectionate with each other, holding on to each other, holding hands, putting their arms around each other. They're not gay. It's just the way that it is in India. It's just the way that people are. I love how they come up with names for their companies. One flag. Okay, this is a little bit stinky. I'm going to have a look at the flag. I'm going to have a look at the flag. I'm going to have a look at the flag. I'm going to have a look at the flag. I'm going to have a look at the flag. I'm going to have a look at the flag. I'm going to have a look at the flag. I'm going to have a look at the flag. Here's all the knockoff. The fractions are the price of a replica strips back home where they're about $50. Hello, hello. Whichever place I visit will stay. I always ask a question, could I live there? So, could I live in Fort Coachie? What makes a place want you to live there? Friendly people. That's what makes a place. What do you want to live there? The places with friendly people. Smiling faces. That's what you want to see every day. So, why choose a particular place to live? What do you need in your life that makes you want to live in a particular place? Well, for me is Butterbeade. Variety. Places to go. Restaurants to visit. Hello, hello. Hello, hello. It's got to have life. Life on the streets like this. You've got to walk out your house every day. And there's got to be places to go. There's got to be a variety of places to visit. If you're living in a small town and there's not much going on, it's not going to be very exciting. If you're living in a town sitting with a lot's happening, it's going to put an extra springy step. So, what makes a place a good place to live for you? The answers on a postcard please. I've come across fashion avenue. This area seems to be dominated by clothes shops. I'm going to have a look at the street. Now, you've seen me walking along the streets in the Philippines. Maybe, maybe on you followers and haven't been watching my videos from the Philippines. And everyone is friendly in the Philippines. But I think India might nick it a little bit. I think they're more YouTube obsessed in India than they are in the Philippines. Which I'll see. Hello, hello. I'm good. What's your name? My name is Philip. This is YouTube. You choose. You look jealous in here? I will tell you. So, I will put you on YouTube and make you very famous. Okay, thank you. Yes. Wow. Unisex spa. I think. So, why would I not live here? Well, the biggest factor for me is the horn. People are stuck in traffic. They can't go anywhere. But they're still flaring their horn. Hello, lovely ladies. How are you? Hello. Lovely. So, if I was mere a fort coachy, I would ban the horn. Get rid of the horn. I'm going to go to the mountain. I'm going to go to the mountain. Yes. Go to the mountain. Okay. So, I'm at the mountain churri museum. This is the place where you can go. continuously. Come along here. So this is a very touristy spot. Lots of tourist shops. Well the prices are vastly overrated. Let's look for somewhere to eat. Time is it? It's now 12.09. Some for me brunch. Alright, what else is there that was my gift? There it is. Change of house, these are empty chairs. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm going to have a drink and maybe have one. Have a look. So that's salad. What would otherwise have been a wonderful eating experience? Taking advantage of Ant. Be asked for 450 rupees for a four chapattis and omelet, a bottle of water, a moussela tea and a dish to go with the chutney. 450, that is just really taking the viscule. So it's just given me a bit of a bad taste in my mouth to be honest. I should have asked the prices. I normally do. I normally ask the prices. How much is that going to cost me? I didn't. I thought a small family round business on the back street wasn't going to cost very much. But obviously I was wrong and I'm still learning. After all these years of being in India, I'm still learning. Oh well. Here at BWC, Uncle doesn't charge a subscription fee like Auntie does. But buying us a coffee would be much appreciated. Thank you. See you later. See you later. See you later. See you later. Look at busy junction. So whilst walking around the tourist area of the village, I saw a guy dispose of an empty coffee cup by the side of the road where they were loaded coconuts. And the manager of a boutique hotel came out and said, sold into pick it up and take it away. And I went over and I said, well that's great. But you need to encourage the other billion people in India not to discard their rubbish at the side of the road. Look at this lovely little sports ground. Look at that. Brilliant. Is that a little home? Look at this. Oh, I love the home going to ruin. I imagine there are some wonderful apartments you could get here for very little money. There are some great spots and lovely balconies as I said earlier. They do seem to like a balcony in Fort Coachy, which is great because I love a balcony. Look at this place. They have been great homes here. Look at these lovely balconies. So not only is the traffic noisy, but they also drive at Maniac Speed. I'm cheering around the corner. Probably as soon as you come outside your house you're going to get run down by a passing motorbike. What was saying? Look how you find a DC condo here. Stopped side down. Okay, thank you. I don't think this rickshaw is going anywhere in a hurry. Look they decorated my flat. Oh what a beautiful balcony. So I just witnessed a guy walking over and just tossing his rubbish into this waste ground. I despair. Get your rubbish here. Get your rubbish here. Use TV, use bikes, use bicycle wheels, use cabinets, whatever you're fancy. Dumping ground. I need to take a look at the other one. I'm going to take a look at the other one. Man looks at home on his phone. Taking his armchair. Get in the middle of the waste. Get rid of all the waste. Look at these houses. Pretty nice aren't they? Yes. I just met this gentleman who's transporting these mattresses in his van. And he has amazing eyes. What is your name sir? Answer. Are you from Cochie? No, I'm from Colum. Colum? Okay. I was in Barcala. I was in Barcala last week. I'm from the UK. You're just working here? Yes. And how is it? Good. It's good. Hey. This man, is this your friend? David, my friend. Hello, hello, hello, hello, what are you doing? I just met him. What is your name sir? My name is Adi. Peace to meet you. It's nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. Take care. Okay, bye bye. Hello, how are you? I'm stuck in traffic. Where are you from? England. Where about? Northeak. Northeak. How are you? Well London. I've got guitar, I've got it there. How are you doing? I've been doing it by the way. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. You're stuck in traffic. I thought I video you. How long have you been here for? I'm in England to the factory. I like to ride two bikes today. And what's your ride? I'm going there next week. Where did you go? Where did you go? I'm going to a Donda. I love a Donda. I went to a Donda. I went to a Donda. It was so nice. Exactly. So, where are you heading? Pervert. I'm just kind of like a beast very. I'm just kind of driving wherever. That is great. Enjoy it. Thank you. I have a YouTube channel. Oh no. I don't see much of a YouTube channel. I don't get many followers. So, you'll be fine. What are you doing? It's called Big World Cinema. Big World Cinema. With two G's. Remember? I remember. I'll look forward to myself. Please subscribe. It's still stuck in traffic. Yeah. Enjoy your stay. I'm going to a Donda. I'm going to a Donda. I'm going to a Donda. I'm going to a Donda. I'm going to a Donda. I'm going to a Donda. I'm going to a Donda. I'm going to a Donda. I'm going to a Donda. I'm going to a Donda. Enjoy your stay. I'm going to a Donda. Where are you heading to after this? By the south. I'm OK. OK. And you go to Bacola? Yeah. I just come from Bacola. Really? It's beautiful. I'm joking, mate. If you go to Bacola, you're the best. You're the best. I'm going to a Donda. You're the best. I'm going to a Donda. You're the best. I'm going to a Donda. Bacola is the best. So, go to Bacola. We're still stuck in traffic. You still got told to me. I know you. I'm going to take one. I'm going to take a nap. Bye. Bye! We justcyled? N Sure, I'd like to come back here, but I don't think I could live here It doesn't really offer enough to live here permanently. I don't think So I was walking down this road yesterday and I realised that five years ago when I was here I stayed at good karma in for one night and then the following day they said there's no rooms available so they moved me across the road to here and I had a lovely room up here at this home's day and there's also a a roof terrace so this is where I stayed five years ago it's very strange how yesterday I just came down this road by accident not realising it was the road that I stayed at before as if I was being guided down this road to go back and have a look and look at the development this place wasn't like this before this place has gone big time What's that? England! England where are you going now? I'm going back to my accommodation I'm going back to my accommodation yes really? No, no thank you No, really? Yeah, okay, but no thanks So, if we come inside this was the room that I initially was given with once more window up there so it's not a great room we get off the stairs to my room Oh, it's a bit of a mess So this is my room yes which I moved away from the corner swill beds cupboard no hangers up here although I'm not too sure what the point of that is that was just left here I mean if you want you just throw it away and then bathroom well hot water worked one day didn't work yesterday, toilet and sink it's okay so I'm working in here to I spent the last one day since day of Tuesday Saturday Sunday Monday the last three days working on the roof terrace upstairs but I wanted to work in here today I only start work to here the guy who runs the place tends to sit upstairs as well so it's nice to have a bit of privacy in my room where it's working Just a quick reminder to please click the thumbs up button if you like the video or thumbs down button if you didn't obviously thank you so I found this spot quite close to my accommodation I have some of drunk children nice views it's not always the places which have good food I'm attracted to I'm more attracted to places where I can have a good view sit and relax and feel comfortable so I walked in here and then start the smiling and some of the other time walking around finding a decent spot and if I'm not happy there I will walk out I mean in the past when I've been with partners and walked into a place and sat down and I hadn't quite felt the vibe I had wanted to walk out they said oh no no we can't we can't walk out now we've we've sat down but I think so good why should I stay and not feel happy there I I'm quite happy walking out of places because I'm not good comfortable there so girlfriends in the past have been upset with me for more for you to basically get into the move on but why should you stay can I be move on okay thank you I saw the try it could be repeat that's gonna look like a very cold one you have a very cold one yeah yeah not this one no cold all the legs yeah I don't know I don't know my omelette has arrived so 116 rupees or one piece of bread and you saw the omelette and 50 15 rupees extra for the extra second extra bread you've been watching Uncle the man from big world cinema please like and subscribe and send cash yeah