 Hey what's up guys this is Shinshmi okay today we are back to this video Battle of Mara Y AFB, round this town so what's that Mara Y means? is that the name of place in the Philippines? so what's going on there? I have absolutely no idea about the Battle of Mara Y this is my first time to hear that so what's going on there? well let's see what's going on you enter the content give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing if you hear so let's get into it oh i see it's about IS that's why it's called Battle of Mara Y it's a critical issue in the Philippines right it still keeps going on it's not solved yet that's terrible isn't it? I'm holding out a dark warning to the world you should do something oh my oh my god is this Philippines are you serious? this is not the Philippines that i know where i know the Philippines where i know is more peaceful that's not like that wow i can't believe there's a set of dangers placing the still in the Philippines wow crazy this is all i can't believe this is the devastation i don't know i don't know very very shaming wow oh my god that's terrible he must be just a citizen in this mara why because the way he's shooting is not like the proper way he's no army right so she's just armed people right this place looks like Afghanistan you know but this is the Philippines right where is mara Y exactly this is this is a band area right you cannot go there right so oh crazy oh this isn't a rack or syria it's barawi and the Philippines and ISIS captured it oh my god oh that's cool tanko wow what the hell wow what's the idea oh my someone's hit oh serious this is serious oh god so they are they Filipinos i mean they look like like you know on muslim so some Filipinos got their muslim religion in the place in a place wow this that's how you didn't know really i thought there were only Christians but there's some muslims wow this is interesting momamma they didn't laugh at all Filipinos troops are about to protest that but that needs a for the circumstances and rebellion oh crazy oh this coming up dude makes me feel like i'm in there in real wow this is good video you can feel like how devastating it is there yeah Come off his stick.. No!! Wow!! Seriously, WORDZONG! Oh yeah, the symbol is a symbol of IS, right? So I guess they are killing people for the sake of Arra, right? They are educated or brainstormed in that way as scary education, that's so scary. Mmm, the sound is so serious. Yeah, beautiful, we are really cool though. I like it. Oh, mission accomplished! So it's already finished. That's really... Oh, enemy kills. Wow, so big number. Casualty is almost almost 200. That's quite big battle. So do America something about it? Because America's Philippines are like, right? Ah, no, top of that. I guess embedded Philippines because their enemy is America, or some rich people, right? I just remember the... I saw the news about IS, invading Mindanao. I think it's about four years ago if I remember correctly. So yeah, that's it. Actually at the time, IS issue was getting improved, getting better because of America's contribution. They system IS progression and being running already killed, the data of IS being running already killed. So that news wasn't really focusing in Japan, that news wasn't really big. But when it comes to this kind of video, when you look at this video, this is seriously bad. This is an issue that you can't ignore, right? Since it seems to be solved already, that's really... But the thing is, why IS could embed Mindanao in the Philippines? I mean, you know, my concern is they must got lots of guns or bombs from overseas. So they imported them, right? And so, members of IS must enter the Philippines from IS headquarters must be from overseas, right? My concern is, you know, there is a system that, you know, such a bad people can easily come into the Philippines from overseas. And, you know, using some, you know, connection or, you know, there is some way that you can import really, you know, lethal weapons or, you know, some really dangerous items from overseas. So there's just such a system in the Philippines, that's a problem, I guess. As it stands, obviously, another terrorist could embed in the Philippines. I hope not. Absolutely not, right? So I hope the control of, you know, exporting, importing system or immigration system in the Philippines got improved already. So that you can, you know, solve this kind of issue, you know, terrorism issue. Okay, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. I hope you like it. If you do, make sure to like, button and subscribe please. So, my turn was a... you