 Future Friday. The freshest. It's got sent to us lately because Juan Carlos was performing Ere Life and we love that song and we love Juan Carlos. But also he's done in collaboration with I think Kyle Echarri. I haven't seen the video so I just presume he's Kyle Echarri. It could be. And there's also the teen heartthrobs of like ABS, CBN, so other... How can anyone be mad? The combination of a great song, sang by beautiful people. Imagine when you were like in the 90s and the 80s. And obviously the heartthrobs of them would have been like Pio Loba Squal. He's still heartthrobs. Yeah but he could sing that. He's still that guy. You know that guy that was like acting with Sara Heronimo. You had that guy that was acting with Regina Velasquez? Oh yeah, he was like the bad... The senator of the 50s. Yeah he's really said it to him. But he might think... He was so shook. He might think ABS is heart-teen heartthrobs like in the 80s. In the 90s. Yeah 80s and 90s. I guess this is kind of it. So let's see how this goes. Mark for these people. I'm just concerned because I think they're all actors so except... I mean Juan Carlos X and as well I think as Kyle. But I don't know if the other actors can actually sing. I don't want to see that moment of that Sara Heronimo do it with that guy. He could not sing. God bless him. Honestly he tried his best. Yeah it is. Yeah just look at them just being like... I was a little... you know... studs. God's like I'm that guy. She's me crowd then. I love that guy. I really do. Yeah I just see what I mean. I love Juan Carlos. I love him so much. She has to be out there with like the coolest people I've ever seen. Oh freaking camera. Okay. Oh the Araneta Colossium. Hi boss. I don't know. I love her. I know who she is but she's pretty. I love how like they're like co stars and like people that work in the industry just freak out over the same people that everybody else freak out about. I love that. Well this whole thing is well it runs like the Venezuelan industry in the early days of the 2000s like when we were involved in there where if you were at this age and you were like a good looking kid or like a good looking teen right they would always pay you up with like another good looking girl right and like you every fucking show you did everybody gig you had every modeling shoot you did every if you're an actor every acting role you did you always together with that chick right and it kind of reminds you that because the Philippines seems to do that all the time. And I think it's a little bit more intense in the Philippines that he was in at back home. Because social media was nothing. No I think he's has always been like power couples like people yeah they they I think some I read most industries do that the US used to do that all the time as well. And now they don't care as much. Yeah but yeah that's true. But like one of the biggest things like talking points in the media in the US is like this fucking guy is like you know he's now dating this Jenna or this Kardashian or this actor or do a lot of people is like dating the guy that was actually before dating this person. Oh yeah that's what you see all the time right in the media. But I don't know but I don't know if it's like because in TV I remember back home I don't know if that's what happens in the Philippines but it was like strategically placed. Yeah it's so strategist. They just had to you know keep up the appearances for everybody. Yep. Oh okay. Oh nice harmonies. Nice. He was late did I entrance. I'm listening how people are going absolutely feral. Oh boy. Okay Kyle was sick. Okay Kyle at the top. Hey look someone was carrying that chin. No Kyle at the top was doing. Yeah someone was carrying it because the beginning was rough. Well it's hard to find. This is good. Yeah Kyle's just... I even hate one guy what the fuck. What in the power ranges? Literally. Yeah. Okay. You know what? Because these are all actors you can 100% tell. These are all actors and models or whatever. Can I just say can I just say this? If this was in another industry this would suck. Oh so bad. Yeah come on. So hard. So here's the thing say you know this guys from the TV show or their stuff in TV or like their movies and whatever. And then you get to see them doing this. You're totally gonna lose your marvels. Yeah. That's so good. I mean obviously one carlos and Kyle are carrying. Oh they are. Which I think is good. How are dynamic there? It's something that it was really well put together. Obviously Juan Carlos is carrying and so is Kyle. Kyle, Kyle is carrying as well. That dynamic duo there I never saw that coming but obviously the producers and ABS totally so we're coming. They also seem to be good mates as well. Oh it's such a great dynamic. They bounce us off each other really well. They've got really good vocal color. I would love to see a duet cover of this by the two of them. And then it allows like the other guys to be. It allows this to be what it was which is like a beauty pageant for little ads. It's essentially right. Let's show off the boys. You know what I mean? That's the only is. Fair play. It looks like Kent looking by the vocal. Oh shit bro, how did he don't play? That's that guy that... I feel like he plays. He's like Taylor Lanna or I'm like... You know he can look, he can cast that as the bad guy. Oh here we go. Nice! That's one of the first times that drummers get that correct. Because he's so hard. It is a hard... Yeah, it's a hard, it's a hard freaking run. They took away the delay. Ooh, he just did what I mean. Just adding the right platform for the guys to shine. Ooh, look at those. That's the point in me when you were far. So deep down. That's so raw, that's so light. His mic went off. Yeah, his mic fucked off. Yeah. Yeah. Levels, levels. Stand up for the gang. Oh, he's awesome. Yeah, yeah, yeah, baby. Yes. What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? Come on! I would be losing my mind. No, he is the coolest man of life. Funk Carlos is like, bro, that kid... I pay so much money to watch him like, I would pay so much money. Just literally has to keep doing this shit. Oh my god! Yeah. Okay, here's the recollection. The first ever recollection of Funk Carlos is that live... The... Buon. That live performance that he didn't like get festive all. He was like, he was nothing for his song or anything. He was a guest and he absolutely freaking murdered. Bloody murder. From the crowd control to like the rawness of the environment and that left such a big marking because I was like, dude, who is this child? Who is this 19-year-old who literally run through my life? He was just finally run through my world. And then you see him now, like growing into this absolute rock star persona that it just continues to wear rich and grow and it's just going to be like, he's going to be the next rock star legend. He is already like, like such a big, big rock star. But I just, I wanted him to reach like the world with that type of like style, that industry because we don't really have that many like alternative rock singers in that style, in the world lately, that are that open to be artists on stage. And so on apologetic. Like he is so dope. Shout out to him and shout out to everyone. Fab play. This came out a lot better than, you know, because a lot of risk here took. They took a lot of risk and the, you know, the ads that obviously don't know how to sing that well. And it was all life. It was all life. From the band, from this... There was no back in track. There was absolutely no help. Fab play to Kyle as well. Very well done to him. So from that, goodbye.