 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Fez and this is the commodity and today we are reacting to the secrets of the Philippine peso So this video was recommended to us in the comments section in a couple of video a couple of our different videos It's been recommended if you guys are interested in Bank notes we did an Australian dollar video yesterday. So go check that out after this video But I think it's super cool how all these other countries have beautiful bank notes in our suck and ours sucks It's got cool art work to be fair It's just super basic. Yeah, what bill is it that's gonna be getting Who was it? I don't remember it's supposed to be changing to We're supposed to have one that's supposed to be changing like drastically. Yeah, I think it's the The five now the five dollar will never change the one dollar will never change as far as like the people on right It's like the 20 it's the 20 I just can't think of who they're putting on it. I think it's a woman. I just can't think of it Well, let's hop in check out the Philippine peso and see what it's all about. Let's do it You'd be right to cool some of the world's bank notes a little boring or drab or unimaginative I'll be honest out of this one too are pretty dope. I think they all look good except well The end of the evening doesn't look bad. I didn't even think about the 50 though And we don't see a whole lot of fifties. Yeah, that's like I think the fifties really the only one that has a little color to it I'd never noticed honestly. I didn't think what I said in the last video we did about It is the last Coin or build that I really had. Yeah, I mean the fifties just in person it looks bland Apologies for immediately offending about 1.3 billion people But to someone who's drawn to colorful and shiny objects. That's cool. You've got to admit These aren't exactly the most exciting bank notes in the world a Philippine peso However, it's an explosion of color that's very true. It's native wildlife and historical figures And in this video, we're gonna take a closer look at them and they're hidden secrets If you enjoy it, please consider subscribing and that's a little side note I get tons of comments about the Philippine flag being wrong in this intro It isn't wrong. It's just that when displayed vertically the colors get flipped Anyway, let's begin with the lowest denominator Boom But so before we really hop into this if you guys haven't already this channel is super cool If you're into this kind of stuff subscribe, he makes really good videos. Yeah, we really have been enjoying it Yeah, the bright orange 20 peso. It sees the country's second president Manuel L. Cezon Who also appears in the watermark and again in this box on the top left? There's also this cool tilt effect up here where if you tilt the note and get the angle Josh You see the number 20 The background features a Malacanian palace plus a historical scene of when Filipino was declared the national language in 1935 the reverse season Asian parms if it's in the foreground and the Benauai vice terraces at the back Now this banknote is fairly low value approximately 32p 40 US cents or 36 Euro cents and with the amount of wear and tear They receive in circulation. It was recently deemed more cost effective to replace it with a coin Although I don't have one to show you it retains Cezon's portrait from the bank notes Which are being slowly removed from circulation? Next comes the striking red 50 peso featuring fourth president Sergio as Melia with an image of the country's first parliament on the left and of the Lita landing on the right The first steps towards the country's liberation in the second world war the background as with Ordnomenations is made up of micro print that looks like it's really on the back can be seen a pair of giant Travelli fish in front of tar lake a crater lake within which is an active volcano which itself has a smaller crater lake within Like all the notes in this series the featured species glows under UV light and these random That's so different to the other so far like out of the three This is the most different from the other two. Yeah, and it's not a bad different. I wouldn't even say it's a good different I just think it's a different. Yeah, it's just cool on its own. That's dope though. Whilst ordinary paper simply glows bright Cool ordinary banknote paper doesn't glow at all the Philippine peso has added these Oh, yeah, they did the same you have that yeah on the additional security feature Things start to get really interesting with the 100 peso note it features fifth president Manuela Rojas alongside the country central bank to his left and a historical scene of the proclamation of the third Republic on his right the reverse features of my own volcano and a whale shark Which is a seriously cool animal to have on your currency? Yes, when it was released this night was deemed too similar in color to the all blue 1000 peso Particularly this middle section though It might seem easy to tell them apart here in perfect lighting Imagine your a taxi driver working at night or you work in a dark Clouds you say somewhere. Yeah, it created enough problems to warrant a reissue of the night fully purple today Both notes circulate simultaneously, but the old style are no longer printed and becoming increased There's still a big difference. Yeah, I don't think that well I Don't think that would have actually helped me out if I was trying to see it Like that little bit of difference of blue to just making it purple. Yeah, like This would be a good bill to make a difference Because one has three faces on it and one has one face on it So I think there's a pretty big difference aside from the color like for me I think the size of the bill might actually be a good idea in the situation Yeah, because it seems like a hundred versus a thousand is a huge difference. Yeah Singly rare to find but it certainly isn't the rarest peso note that title goes to the 200 peso often referred to as the $2 bill of the east Although I couldn't find any reliable figures This denomination is rarely seen in circulation and many of the country's residents have never even seen one and nobody seems to know why What's more, it's a note of very useful value worth about four US dollars and bridging the gap between the 100 peso and the 500 peso so it should rightfully be a very common banknote if you know the Can you okay? So here in the US the $2 bills like it really is it's rare however if I wouldn't took a hundred dollars I could go get fifty two dollars from the bank from the bank. So could y'all hypothetically take of some like a thousand peso Note and get it switched over to 200 yeah, like it five two hundred yeah peso notes Because you really don't see two dollar bills anywhere. Yeah, it's you see kind of like a gimmick nobody ever pays with them It's always people hoard them and keep them as if it's really any value They still print them yeah, and you can literally go get hundreds of them if you want them And that's what's weird as you never see them But you could always get them because it would be convenient like if you just need to go get you a drink from the Yeah instead of putting a dollar 75 and just throw a two dollar bill and get back a quarter. Yeah Yeah, I don't know why that's it. Yeah, same concept I guess Please let me know as I've gone slightly mad trawling the web for answers But anyway, it sees the country's ninth president besides a house of independence and the baris fighting church Although these images were slightly updated in 2017 the reverse features atasia against a back I like seeing the Tazia on the bill whenever he had it lit up. It was like a bright Countries gorgeous chocolate hills Next is the vivid yellow 500 peso portraying the country's 11th and first female president Kauravansi Akino beside her is her husband Senator Benigno Esa, Kino, Jr. Who was assassinated in 1983? To the right is the statue in his honor and on the left is seen from the people power revolution that followed his death Interestingly, it was not the yellow revolution since many protesters wore yellow ribbons Which explains the color of the note and even more interestingly the couple's son went on to become president himself And was in office at the time of the notes release. That's crazy Yeah, to the right of the portraits the reverse features a blue-naped parrot and the we say that's crazy But Yeah, the bushes Panto princesses of tyrannian river that's the first time it's happened The first is the right firstly the parents be confeders are incorrectly colored later revealed to be a limitation of the printing method used And then the little dot that indicates a river on the map of the Philippines is slightly incorrect I mean it's not exactly the biggest error in the world I'm looking at you Australia and you're 2.3 billion dollar typo But then the 1000 pace of camera to fight the front depicts three famously heroic figures who died resisting the Japanese occupation during World War 2 To the left are crowds celebrating the centennial of filipillips. I gotta see that. I'm sorry the front Responsible is it Responsibility I think it's responsibility spot-end correctly They're supposed to be an E right there right? She's ability. Yeah, I think you're right. Yeah, I heard a Google How do you spell responsibility? Good thing we didn't have to T1 oh, oh, it's responsibility. Okay. Yeah, I was like it looks right. So they're supposed to be an eye right here. Yeah, that's funny I but then the world figures it's funny my dad's an edit keep that's it Pick out the left or crowd celebrating the centennial of Philippine independence in 1998 a South sea Because haven't you seen those little things like your brain can figure out how many of these things and it's got like ones and Backwards letters and missing like major amounts of letters and that's just how my brain works It doesn't that's full things out and there's lionfish on there Yeah, that's super cool. I think that's my favorite Yeah, as far as As far as what we've seen we don't know if there's like a 10,000 yeah, pace and now I've here it so far got a pearl Paul is featured on the reverse with the two Batahar reefs national park in the bad south That is called a fish in a sea turtle again, though Criticized for the location of the map marker Now this time the location is quite dramatically wrong, but the printers explained they moved it So wouldn't interfere with this a UV security mark of the featured species. That's cool I was out the pearl, but it would have made a sense to just not include a marker at all Yeah, it doesn't look like a new planet was entirely excluded from the map Though again, this was a conscious design choice essentially cropped out since it was too far north Despite these minor criticisms the Philippine peso has truly joined the ranks as one of the thousand highest No, and certainly colorful currencies on the planet Not only do they detail significant events in the country's history But they showcase a very best of its natural wonders and indigenous wildlife resulting in a series of notes that faithfully honor such a wonderful country That's awesome. Yeah, I really like that. I think the thousand is my favorite just because of the artwork on it only carry thousand peso notes I mean the artworks beautiful and all of them But that last one I love the ocean and I love ocean wildlife and that's my favorite. Yeah, I thought it was really cool Yeah, if there are other currencies that y'all would like us to take a look at please let us know down in the description Comment section, but down in the description there it will be a Link to our discord. Thank you where there is a place for you to actually put suggested videos That would be the easiest way for us to find it Yes, and with that being said my name is Miles. My name is thanks. Thanks for watching guys. Please out