 Okay guys, many of you have been asking how to experience the province if you are a foreigner and you don't have a Filipino friend or partner. So today I'm going to do the best to show you what to do. Step one, you have to get a motorbike, obviously fill it up with some petrol, which we've done now. I'm just on the main road going towards Saraygaarden. So we will go off some road I don't know and try and experience the province and I will show you the best I can. What I would do if I was alone here. Let's go. Okay guys, this is my local filling station. Okay guys, like I said, filled up on the main road now and we just been to have to look for some roads to turn down to try and experience some province life. So hey, so let's go. And to film one handed here on the main road. I don't know. So it's a question to get asked a lot. People want to experience the province life. But obviously I would say it is a bit difficult if you come alone to live really experienced maybe how I've been living in the province because obviously I'm with local people and everything. So today we will do our best. I will do my best to show you what I would do. So I'm going alone. I will go to some place. I have no idea where I'm going to go. I'm just going to drive some random roads I don't know. And I'll show you what I would do if I was alone to try and experience province life. You just have to have a bit of adventure. So let's go. I've turned off now of the main road. I just found some little road heading into the mountain. So what we're going to do now, we're just going to follow that road along and see where it takes us. I want to go as far into the mountains as I can because obviously the further you go, the less that's there and the more like kind of province kind of vibe you get right. So I would always just fill up the motorbike beforehand but if not you have like places like this look all along the province and the cell light petrol. And Coca-Cola bottles or seven up bottles and a plus light. How much does it cost? 69. 69. 69 pays over for one liter of petrol. So basically guys it's okay. All they do is they get it from the filling station. I was probably just put it into those bottles and then if you stop for some petrol or gas you just stick it in the motorbike. I mean some little village narrow but we're going to head further up the mountain. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Okay guys we've been driving up the mountain now for quite some time. To give you guys an idea of where I am, how high up I am I will just stop and show you check out these views. Look at that. So we're nearly at the top of the mountain. Nice views all around. And I'm hoping a bit further up this way we can bump into some little villages. I'd say it would be mostly farmland up here but we will see hopefully we bump into a few people. One thing I've noticed as well guys up here it's a lot fresher. A lot colder and check out behind me like all the little native houses. Nice. So cool up here actually I'm a bit cold I'm not going to lie. Hello hello. It's funny guys when you drive around these places because obviously now I'm so far from the city there's obviously no foreigners at this direction so everyone's like hey Joe, hey Americano. I'm not going to lie guys I'm a little bit lost but that was kind of the plan for today. Those who have been in life different provinces in the mountains will know it's pretty chill pretty relaxed life in the week. Most people are just farming so you will not see too many people around but the views are just unreal. Check it out. It seems now we come into some bit of a small village anyway. A lot of construction going on here. Some nice big houses. Also some simple little provinces. So pretty nice. I don't know what the name of the place is I am for those who are going to ask I will try and find out. We will see they've got like food spots. Well I think the food spots might just be people like cooking in their house. Check out this guys we're pretty much on top of the mountain now and look I don't know what this used to be some kind of hall but even in the Philippines like we so far into the mountain I cannot even explain and check it out. They have a little church there as well. Kind of looks like it's in better days but obviously for this small little village they have this church. I don't know if it's still in use it seems to be for someone's cleaning it and the spl現 it cheers inside. So very common in the Philippines actually even like I've been driving around province different places you do see a lot of churches. You probably wouldn't really expect it to see it like on top of the mountain but there is every light little community here kind of has a church so Philippines is like very Catholic for those that didn't know so that is why. Let's continue on. It looks like the road is just going straight through the middle of the mountain. I wonder where it will bring us. Check it out guys we've had a bit of a landslide all the bad weather so all that's in the middle of the road. God knows where I am. I'm so lost to be honest. It seems like I'm just in the middle of the mountains and I'm looking around. There's a few houses scattered around. Look. Oh fuck all the rocks have just fell from the ends of the road. Okay guys I've stopped now in the little village here in the mountains check it out. There's like bananas different fruits. It's like very small but I said I would stop to show you what some like maybe little province villages like. There's like houses scattered around the mountains everywhere obviously and then this is just like the little strip where people can come to buy their food clothes everything. So they've got a clothes shop there petrol everything food place. Hello. Oh yeah. Oh colourful. The guys are drinking colourful. Red horse it's colourful it's hubog too much. So they're drinking the colourful. Got dried fish I think some fish some little store there but also look they're closed place. I will go and say hello to the girls. Hi. How are you? How much money you made today? Look. This is the closed store sell the little flip flops for the kids. This clothes everything. Oh boys. No I don't. Do you? No. Nothing. Why? But you have a girl. Oh man. Yeah. Do you have kids? Yes. I have a twin. Twins? I am pregnant now. Oh my god. So many babies. So many babies. It's a limit. You're very busy. Oh man. Busy all night. All day all night. Oh man. Oh man. Is he all night? Is he all night? All day all night? All day all night? Oh man. Oh man. Oh man. Oh man. No I don't have any babies yet. Am I the only Americano that's been around here? Do you see any of the foreigners here? Why not? No. See you guys. I'm the only one. Two far into the mountains. I'm going to go to drink a bread or some clay pool. Are you the first? You want to drink with yours? I will go and play billiards. No I just... Something to do. Something's not bad. It can make you strong. Yeah exactly. It can make you strong. It can make you strong. I'm playing billiards. No, tea. I'm having a naughty. You're the naughty one. But she's the best naughty. Why how many kids do she have? Oh my goodness. Why is it? Why is it always busy? It's always busy. And for hours it's busy. For hours. Do you work here? No. Ready and mother think. You just come to talk. Yeah. So the three of you were like married tests. More like a gutsy. Yeah? I know what this married test is. You? Me? No way. It's not married test. When I come you with the one asking me, you have a wife with a children. What's the answer? Come in. Yeah, I have to come in. I have to come in to show the world the beautiful ladies in the closet. We are all the maris. I don't know what that is. What's that? Maris. What's that? What is the question? The customer of maris. Next time I'll see you maybe you have another few children, right? And you will bring your also your children. You will be too. I will try. I will try. For me. Make it fast. I'll make it fast. Better to practice. Not produce. Practice don't produce. That's my advice of the day guys. Take care. Practice don't be so busy to make a new one. No practice making the day. Bye bye. I'm going to go into this. I'm going to go into this. I'm going to go into this. I'm going to go into this store and get a red horse and then play some billiards. So this is what a local store looks like. Some growing. I don't know what that is. Hello. Hi. Okay. Do you sell red horse, right? Red horse? Yes we have. Okay. I will take one. The store is very dark. One bottle. Is it a big bottle or? Big bottle. Okay. We don't have 500 or so. It's only a kind of bottle. You're alone today? Yes. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. We're too tall. And like I said guys, just next door to the store is the... Billiard or red horse? We know. I'm going... Not a bad table as well. I thought you were joking. No, I never joke when it comes to red horse. So common game to play in Philippines and the billiards, it's 61. Basically like 9 ball but you have to park the balls in order till you get to number 61. But when I play here they always just play against me 9 ball because for me 61 is just a long game. So we will play after that and we will see how he goes. Okay so I've got a challenger for 9 ball. Video. I will pop all the ballers now. Are you okay? Are you okay? Hey guys! You're a talent and you're a footballer! Speak beside it because many people from the city who watch football I cannot speak beside it. I get it. Hey now! Oh! What do you want? I can get it. That's not foul. That's not foul. He's trying to cheat already. That's not foul. That's not foul. Okay. I can get it. Good, my dad. Not good. Okay. Okay. You got it. You got it. Ah! I can get it. I can get it. Can you just call again? Ah! I can get it. I will call for the baller. Oh! Foul! Foul! This is the owner. This is the owner. Hi! What's the owner's name? Bling! Bling! Bling! Bling! Bling, Bling! Yeah. Bling! You know. She's single. She's single? Yeah, she's single. It's not foul. It's not foul. Think I think you're... So guys, I've just been here for the last few hours playing pool against this guy. He's just eating snacks, we're drinking a few red horse. Now these guys are playing. I have to pay you 40 pesos, right? Yeah. So, not bad. Many games for 40 pesos. Oh, are we getting it? I'm the champion on this table. Huh? On that. In Philippines, actually, when you go around the province, there's loads of different pool tables everywhere. They love to play pool. As you know, they've got the famous pool player in front of Reyes, right? So, there's pool tables everywhere. I like to play pool too, so it's good. I found one today in the middle of the mountains, so I'm not bad. Okay, guys, like always, I never know how these videos are going to turn out. I tried to show you the province life. I had to play pool all day, but as you can see, like, come out, ride the motorbike. You will meet a few people. There's always a few people that will speak English well. In the province, when we saw it foreign the mountains, obviously, there's not as many people that can speak English, but you see, I always have a good time anyway. You can enjoy the play pool. Go and check out the farm. I don't know. Do a bit of everything. Hello, hello. Hello. Hello. The kids are just coming back from school by the look of it. Now I'm just going to head back. I did not eat anything yet today. So, that's what it's like, guys. You just have to get a motorbike and drive and have a bit of adventure. To be honest, we're so far into the mountains. I have no idea where I am, so it might take me a while to get home, but that's how you can experience the province life, guys. If you're alone and you don't have a Filipino friend or partner, you just have to come out and drive into the mountains. The Filipino people so friendly, you will meet people. Yeah, that's it. That's it for today's province adventure.