 It's a fried chicken dinner all rolled up in the flour deep fried wrapper, dipped in gravy and it's pure luck. It's pure. In this video, we will feature international celebrities reaction on Filipino lumpia. But before anything else, please subscribe to my channel. Pinoy proud and pride TV. Christopher Comstock, also known professionally as Marshmello, is an American electronic music producer and DJ. Marshmello, what can you say about the Filipino lumpia? Evenly distributed, take a hold of the wrappers edges and fold them together. Fry several rolls at a time until you see a crispy golden brown outside. And mmmm, mmmm, a delicious filipi net treat, little... Gabriela Wilson, no professionally as her. He's an American singer and songwriter. Her, what can you say about the Filipino lumpia? Chees. And what's this called again? Lumpia. It's like the best. Where have you been all my life? It's the best spring roll you've ever had in your life. Jokoi, is an American stand-up comic known in the United States. Jokoi, what can you say about the Filipino lumpia? Oh, Jokoi, we're eating good in the neighborhoods. That right there is called lumpia. This right here is suja. That's vinegar and I think that's garlic chunks in there. The Los Angeles Rams are a professional American football team based in Los Angeles, California. Los Angeles Rams players, what can you say about the Filipino lumpia? Yumminus. Today, after the Rams and 49ers game, I partnered up with Marcus Peters in the Family First Foundation. We're in the cell, Lumpia's here and we're going to race. So what's up? We're still here. We're going to race. Five, please make a move. What is this one again? Each make a pop, please make a pop. Eurostevins. Better known by a stage name E40. It's an American rapper and entrepreneur. Eurostevins, what can you say about the Filipino lumpia? Eurostevins also known as E40 is an investor in the lumpia company. Lumpia, I grew up in a neighborhood called the Hillside, Valéo, lots of Filipinos. Lumpia is a Filipino food. You know what I mean? I love Lumpia. That's my favorite dish in the world. Retoto. Jomonte Harper. Don't professionally a sweetie. It's an American rapper, based in California. Sweetie. What can you say about the Filipino lumpia? Eurostevins. I'm a shabby lumpia and some pork. This is definitely top three of Filipino food. I got one? Yes, no beer. Oh. Bring it to the pan set. Oh. I think I would pick Senigango or pan set. I love Senigango. That's my favorite. Cameron Diaz. It's an American retired actress who is also an author, producer and a model. Cameron Diaz. What can you say about the Filipino lumpia? I haven't been to the Philippines but I grew up with a lot of Filipinos. Really? Yes. My best friend that I grew up next door to was her mother from the Philippines. And I ate it every single day. And you kept your figure eating a double and lumpia and rice? Rice all the time her mom made the best rice. Drew Barrymore is an American actress based in California. Drew Barrymore. What can you say about the Filipino lumpia? Salama. Salama or lumpia? Lumpia is lumpia. Yes, Shona or Adelga. Adelga. There we go. It's all food. I have many friends in America that are Filipino and so they would make it for me. But you know what? Nick and Vanessa Lachet. Nick Lachet is a former member of the boy band Nighteat degrees. And Vanessa Lachet is a former beauty queen and an actress. What they can say about the Filipino lumpia? I have never made for him and it's a Filipino dish. He's right over here and it's called lumpia. And it's actually one of my favorites and with something I love growing up and it's one of his favorites, I don't know why I've never made it for you. Why have I never made it for you? It would be delicious like everything you make. Thanks, babe. You have to say that. What I... Cardi B is an American rapper and actress based in New York City. Cardi B. What can you say about the Filipino lumpia? Philippines. Philippines. Philippines. Because I know my uh... I know my uh... She's like my honor ready because like she is 50 years right? 50? 50 or so. I'm 22. 22. Oh man, you've been a rapper for 22 years. Do I feel like I'm being pussy? Yes, I'm... Yeah. Mmmmm. Mmmmm. How about you? What can you say about famous celebrities reaction on Filipino lumpia? Please comment, like and subscribe to my channel. This is Pinoy Proud and Prite TV. Thank you so much for watching.