 Hey YouTube, how are you? I'm Akosikalvin Kashel at Akko. I nag babalid with my Filipino, oh my Tagalog adventure. Previously I have made some Tagalog content which are already available on my channel. I would appreciate if you take your time to go and watch those videos after watching this video. But today I will be talking about my Filipino experience and the few little words that I learned on my first week. So let's get into it. The first Tagalog phrase that I learned in the Philippines was one long pasok which means there's no class or we won't have class but I guess there's no class. If you know this term of this phrase it will save you from a lot of stuff. It will save you from wasting money and wasting time. Actually I have a little story behind this. You know during my college days we had a GC group on Facebook and normally when we don't have a class so my teacher will just tell us that we don't have class through that GC. And if I remember there was this time like on my first week in the Philippines we didn't have a class. I don't remember the reason anymore but we didn't have class. My classmate texted that we don't have a class so he texted in Tagalog like one long pasok so I was new and I didn't know the meaning of that so I got ready and I went to school. When I got to school there was no one in the class at all. There was no one. I was like why they're not here so I went to the foreign office and then I just talked to my mom like mom. I was supposed to have class at this time but my classmate did not there and then she was like did you receive any tags? I was like no I didn't receive but I mean we have a GC and this is why the tags and then she was like oh well long pasok I mean it means like there's no class you can you can just go home so from that day I mean I kept that word so it's really some it's really a bit out if you know well long pasok because it's gonna save your time and money. And the second word that I learned was Biad Paul which means he is my payment so you have to know this this word if you write like public transport like Gipni. If you guys don't know Gipni Gipni is a public transportation in the Philippines so they have I mean other type of public transport so if you don't know Gipni how Gipni looks you can just look here yeah this is how Gipni looks like and but whenever I need to give my money to the driver I'll just say to the person that is next to me like Biad Paul and if you don't know they use I mean he and the Philippines they use Paul a lot that is just a sign of respect you know when you're asking for a favor that is just a sign of respect. And the third Tagalog word that I learned is Parapol you should know Parapol if you're writing a Gipni. Parapol means stop like please stop here or you can say Parapolito please stop here so you have to know this term if you write the Gipni because if you just get into the Gipni and then you don't tell the driver where you're gonna stop he will take you until the final destination so you can just say to me into the driver like Kankuya Parapolita or Alangilan so he knows like okay this foreigner he will stay in Alangilan or Edsa and the next Tagalog word that I learned is Guhtom Nakho my classmate that will always be talking in Tagalog will just say oh let's go to Nakho I'm like what does it mean and I still remember my classmate Queto mev's Queto so he will be like oh no bro it means like I'm hungry so let's go outside to eat so during college day we had those canteen like behind the school we will just go eat so you have to know Guhtom Nakho Guhtom Nakho it comes with Bu Sok Nakho if you say Guhtom I'm hungry and Bu Sok Nakho I'm full like if someone invites you to eat oh let's go eat you can just say Bu Sok Nakho so Bu Sok Nakho Bu Sok Nakho so the person knows that you're ready for and the last word for today just for today because I'm pretty sure that I'm planning to bring a part of this since I have to talk more this is just the little experience that I have lived in the Philippines like I went through a lot in the Philippines which I really appreciate it it just made me grow as a man so and the last word of phrase for today is my Hal Kitsap when I arrived in the Philippines if I remember there was this music by Janela Salvador so if I remember like yeah Janela Salvador but that time this song was really kind of viral like so this song like my classmate they will always sing this song in the class I'm just like man what what are you guys singing so I'm just like oh my Hal Kitsap is like I love you whenever I'm going home after my class I'm just like I'm just telling bro my Hal Kitsap and then we will just like be laughing so guys to this is my Tagalog adventure I'll probably bring a part two of this I will appreciate if you subscribe to this channel because I'll bring a lot of Filipino content I have a lot of experience which I would love to share with with you guys or with even like other foreigners as well so this is your boy Calvin Kassel as you can say in Tagalog I'll see Calvin Kassel Marameek Marameek Salamat Paul hey