 Hello! How are you? I'm Malika and I'm going to the channel. Today I have a brand new list of videos that prove to the world that Filipino crowds are the best crowds at concerts. And I don't usually make shout outs or do shout outs on this channel. But today I have to give a big shout out to Jess. Because Jess, when this person contacted me on Instagram, they came in with a plan. They basically did the work for me. You know that work of research and answering people and checking suggestion and making lists, they basically did that for me because they contacted me and they just said, hey, I have this, this, this, this, this video that showcases how great Filipinos can be at concerts. You know? And I was like, you know what? Because you made it so simple for me, I will react to this list and make a video out of it. We got Filipino crowds apparently at a one republic concert. So they will have things sing apologize and halo. But halo is not a one republic song. Isn't that like a Beyonce song? I think so. We got Filipino crowds at an Ed Sheeran concert and also at a Maroon 5 concert. So there we go. So we start. Make sure to follow me on Instagram at music game news because that is where you can DM your suggestions and without further ado, let's jump right into it. The noise harmonized to one republic's apologize. Hi voices. Hi! It's insane. They are on pitch. Did you hear it? They were following the bass to perfection. I think 45 countries in and I already know this is going to be by far the best part. Yop! Yop! Indeed. By far, you said. No contest. Whatever note you picked, keep that note please. Here we go. Tune in. Tune in. Tune in. Those are three notes. Here we go. Tune in. Tune in. From time we said. Tune in. It's perfect. Tune in. It's perfect. Tune in. It's perfect. It's perfect. Tune in. It's perfect. Tune in. You said. Tune in. Tune in. Unbelievable. Wow. Tune in. It's a polka-chal. Tune in. It's a polka-chal. Tune in. It's a polka-chal. Tune in. The chills that you must feel whether you're part of the crowd, the Filipino crowd, or one of the artists or band members to hear a huge crowd like this singer's song to perfection. I can only imagine the feels, you know? I said, it's great. The polka-chal. You should. Oh yeah. Oh my god. That's very impressive. I wish we could have heard, you know, the crowd sing the entire song. That's insane. All right. Let's move on apparently to one republic sing Halo with the crowd. Okay. So this video is put vertically. It's a little weird. I will try to make it right for you guys. All right. Also, the audio is very distorted. Wow. Let's see if they can do this. Oh. And this is completely normal. You know, for someone like me who's been reacting to Filipino music and Filipino artists and random Filipinos, now this has become normal to me, to be honest with you guys. But years ago, if I had seen this video, I would have been just flabbergasted. But because Filipinos, every Filipino almost has a karaoke machine in their house and they, you know, use it every time there's a gathering and they practice and they sing. So of course, the majority of Filipinos can do this. You know, they can for sure follow the artist. This must be one of the reasons why the Philippines is one of the fairer destinations of artists, you know, around the world. Because of the crowd, how interactive they can be with the artist and because of the fact that they can be in tune and because they can sing. Next we got Maroon 5. The dude was about to finish the song, right? To continue, but they didn't let him. When the crowd is so good that the artist has to stop singing to hear the crowd sing his song. This is crazy. It's overwhelming. He does not need to sing. Obviously I wish he would stop singing and let them finish this song. That would have been more interesting I think. Man, Maroon 5, they're a huge, huge band even though it's mainly the main singer that really, when you hear Maroon 5, you see his face, right? What's his name again? Levine, something Levine, right? Something Levine, I was going to say every Levine, but no, it's something Levine though, I think. Yeah, man, they were super popular at one point. Alright, Maroon 5 again. Wow. That's insane. So this video also is in vertical. I'm going to put it back in horizontal. It's insane. Did you hear that? Okay, now we move on to Ed Sheeran. And the crowd can finish this song for you, man. Wow, chills, bro. There's someone that's close to the person that's filming this video, that's off key. For sure. It's basically as if Ed Sheeran had backup vocalist that he didn't even have to pay for. Actually, they paid him to see him and they're singing for him. That's the best deal ever, right? Yeah, that's the best deal ever. Yeah, that's the best deal ever. Yeah, that's the best deal ever. Yeah, that's the best deal ever. Wow. Unbelievable. They were literally the back vocalists of all of these singers. Of Maroon 5, of Ed Sheeran and who was the other one again? And one republic. Incredible. So how should I even call this video when Filipino crowds decide to become the backup vocalists at a concert when Filipino crowds don't let the artists sing at his own concert? I don't know. But seriously, they are capable of actually taking the spotlight. That's how in tune Filipinos are. The Filipino crowd is at a concert when they know the song, obviously. It's insane. So yeah, I'm not sure which title I'm going to go with, but it'll probably be one of those. Great Z. So again, thank you, Jess, for this awesome suggestion. Let me know in the comments section below your thoughts on this compilation. And also, were you part of these concerts, of one of these concerts, and could you describe the feeling when the Filipino crowd just start chanting like this? Because it feels like a chant. But I'm in Manamingsadamatful. And of course, if you found value in this video, then please do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here. Because this is not the first time that I actually reacted to Filipino crowds. So yeah, check them out right here.