 Good morning YouTube and today's video I'm going to drive around to show you just how much it costs to live in the Philippines It's one of the most common questions that I get so I'm going to show you all of the daily expenses and you can get an idea of how much it costs to live for one month in the Philippines So let's go let's go buy some stuff You know them they're in probably three videos now you want to say hello? Hello We're going to do the prizes here at a Karen Dorea This is probably one of the cheapest places to get food How much is something like a port? How much? This one is 80 80 for a port? Are all of the meats 80? Yeah, yeah, 80 Okay all of them so this one 80? Yeah, you're free for Ritada, 80 What's that one actually? Port Minuto I like that one I like Port Minuto What's that? Okay, Port Adoro Oh no no I was in ordering I'm just looking at prizes How much for a pancet? 40 Okay so pancet is 40 how much for a vegetable? 30 What else do you have different prices for fish? Yeah that's one is one 80 One 80 Oh you get a big bowl of synagogue? No it's that Fish soup Fish soup East-a soup okay This one is a beef skin How much is that? 60 Is it pateis? Yeah it's a beef skin Beef skin, oh beef skin Okay I'll just do a port, this is Port Minuto Yeah, Port Minuto with potato, carrots and beef Okay, all right I'll do one of those please And just in vegetable Burning glory Yeah, see that one, morning glory Songho Songho And let it Yes please let's get this size Maddie and Henry's eatery How much for this one? 20 Okay, how long? I'm gonna try No thank you Just a salamah Salamah Yes please Thank you for helping in the video also Bye bye This is my go-to Eatery This is a relatively new find for me actually Port Minuto I usually just get a dobo Really good, if you want local food This is a great spot Port Minuto It's kind of like a thick stew and you taste the black pepper With it, really good, I just ate it With a camera off me With a make a aisle I'm not gonna talk to you while I eat We'll talk later These shops, this is where I usually buy most of my stuff Or these shops that you see all over The roads here and the provinces So let's look at some prices here for water Things like that All right, hello Good afternoon, what's your name, by the way? My name is Elvi Elvi, okay nice to meet you, I'm Jonathan So this one liter water is how much? 20 pesos on me What about something like the stick coffee that I just had? Four pesos All right, that little stick right there It's a lemak, are you all right? These are like one coffee right there Yes, a four pesos Four pesos for one of those, how much for these peanuts? You're not this five pesos Five pesos for peanuts? How much for? Sorry, sorry for the question How much for ramen noodles? No, that is 11 pesos For noodles? 11, 11 All right, thank you, 11 for that Oh, actually, I do need a toothbrush, can I have one toothbrush please? Salam ma That is Grand Peak 20 pesos I already bought some stuff before I started filming So I'm not just coming here to get prices What's your name, sir? Jonathan? Nice to meet you, Elvi you said? Yeah, Elvi, okay Elvi, okay awesome, all right nice to meet you, Salamak Yeah A common question I get is in regards to healthcare costs or travel medical insurance So I thought this would be a good video for me to talk about what I personally use for myself because this is one of my monthly expenses So I would like to say thank you to Safety Wing for partnering with me on today's video The reason I chose to work with Safety Wing on this is because I was already using their nomad insurance for myself before I even spoke with them Safety Wing is literally designed for nomads like myself or like some of you probably You can sign up online even after your trip is started you don't have to list off specific countries or dates No pre-approval necessary, you're covered for travel related costs such as loss check luggage, medical emergencies, covers personal liability up to $25,000 per adult If you need to cancel for any reason you can do it online and you'll only pay for the days that you use My personal plan I'm paying only $45 a month, you just go to the website, choose your age group, and it'll give you a price quote based on your age I'm gonna say something as important as this always do your own research on it don't just blindly take my word for it But I do know that several other YouTube channels and travelers like myself use Safety Wing as a well known company I've got my own personal affiliate link I'll put that in the description below if you want to go read more about Safety Wing and see if it's a good fit for you Okay now let's go buy some more stuff $11.11 We're here for a reason it's not to get to stuff it's to get data for our phone There's so many people in here Alright, we're gonna put load data on our phone they call it load, load, smart and team Next, double gig of video plus 99 Total 17 gigs, two gigs every day Well that equals 14 so then we've got three of whatever that is Okay, so that's the one I always get That's the type of phone number I'm not going to give you my phone number That's 99 pesos, usually last week See cashews are always more expensive than peanuts but so these are about a dollar Pretty, I don't know 90 pesos, that's sunscreen, this is the most expensive thing here 700 pesos for sunscreen, this one Bring your own sunscreen, it's more expensive here I think I'm sorry, I'm sorry Sorry? Travel escape Travel escape I'm a fan Okay, thank you Salamat, shout out Shout out You don't, I can catch you out if you don't want to be in it You do want to be in it? No, that's my family Salamat is your family That's my ex You exo? Salamat, I know Let's go to the next expense, I love them in there They're the bubbliest, friendliest people in this 7-Eleven They're so happy all the time Alright, let's go Hi, how are you? I love making videos here Alright, so these are your prices per liter of gas 71 pesos, 70 pesos per liter Let's see how much 100 pesos gets us in the motorbike Hello Hello, hello Hello, hello We are at almost red Alright, I'm showing in the video how much gas costs Let's do 100, please 100? Yeah I don't know how many liters this tank is I just think it You don't know really that Thank you Alright, Salamat there This is how much gas we have now 3.4% tank That's too bad I'm not actually staying at the resort that I'm about to show you But I am going to have dinner at the restaurant there So I'll show you what those restaurant prices are like At a nice resort right on the beach Alright, right here With this location Apatizers Calamari 4.75 Apatizers are a little expensive actually but off the grill That's not bad Chicken skewers 3.95 Main course Something like Ginger, beef, and broccoli 6.95 Burger is 5.95 And these pizzas are big, you can share a pizza Pizza is 6.95, 6.75 I'm not going to tell you where I am now This is my secret spot if you watch If you follow the channel you can figure it out because I make videos all around here And I show you where I'm at But specifically right here I'm not going to tell you That's not too bad for this location Given this live music The scenery Alright, I'm going to eat And talk to you later This is a different day, a different video on a different day But I want to show you one more thing And add it to the video Because this is Filipino Barbecue The reason I want to show you this place is because you can get Filipino Barbecue here But also I know 25% of my viewers are from the US Also American food where you want to go for your pancakes Or burgers, best burger, and best pancakes In Panglao Bajal area You can pick like for instance this is 18 pesos You want to be in the video? No, okay that's fine Alright, so I'll put them for you right here on the grill And you just pick whichever ones you want So you can get chorizo, chicken legs, or 85 For chicken leg Gizzard 15, hot dog 25 Chicken feet Chicken feet Chicken feet Chicken feet I'm just going to do one, four, please Salamak Aiyo Salamak Aiyo Here this is, what is this? Chicken intestine Chicken intestine Chicken intestine I've eaten this in a shargaw video Then you can add what is that barbecue sauce? Yeah Salamak This is my usual go-to with street barbecue Pork Maybe two more of these pork So I'll set them on there Alright, we'll set them on there And then you can get rice with it I'm going to get rice Actually let's do one more here And if I have eggs, you're going to have to bring it home Actually that's what I'm going to do I'm going to do one more and bring it home Some oil on there I'll give you a few more things that are common This is another store We don't have any big supermarkets down here Where I am in the hole in this area of Panglao So let me just show you around One of these markets to show you a couple of things I forgot like eggs, rice, beer, stuff like that All can be here 65 cents So it's all here in the bottle 60 pesos Nuts 50 pesos for a bag of nuts That's 270 for olive oil 75 for flour That is full Oh that's 450 for a big detergent 100 for flip-flops Boos over there But this has got a lot of stuff here This is where I get most of my stuff in places like this Alright, 52 pesos for a kilo 495 got the Negro wine GMB 1,050 850 Oh I need to buy something I can't just come in here and look at prices I can always use more stick coffee Let's go this way Alright I can't buy this I can't buy this I can't buy this I can't buy this Alright I kept track of everything we spent today And added it up to show you how much we spend an entire month if we do exactly What we did today every single day First let me tell you a couple quick things that will save you a lot of money If you have a Charles Schwab bank account they will reimburse you for all of your International ATM fees This will save you a ton of money These ATM's charge about 250 pesos each time you withdraw money Then your bank might charge fees on top of that I think you might need an American phone number or an American address To sign up with Charles Schwab And if you don't then check with your country because your country might have a bank that does that and reimburses those international ATM fees Alright so let's add up all of the expenses Basically if you do exactly what we did in this video I added in how much I spend on laundry every month, the phone bill, the gas prices And I put the 4,000 peso motorbike rental I'm also assuming that you're eating out every single day like we did in the video I played with these numbers a bit on the spreadsheet Meaning on various expenses and the final monthly expenses usually came out between 600 and 900 US dollars These are not my personal expenses This is basically targeting tourists to let you know what you can expect when you come to the Philippines Tourists typically spend more, eat out at restaurants more Locals definitely know how to get these expenses lower But if you're a tourist you're probably going to not know how to get the lower prices This number basically is what we did today in the video times 31 So do not base your entire budget of your trip around this number It's going to vary significantly from person to person depending on your personal lifestyle Of course that's not including your room because that's going to vary greatly depending on the individual and your budget So I've got a couple videos here showing you more specifics on your room prices This is nightly room prices between 7 US dollars All the way up to resort that has rooms will be on $100 per night And this video shows you the monthly room rental rates between 250 US dollars up to 250 US dollars Up to about $550 US dollars per month I hope this video was helpful. Thank you for watching and I will see you in the next one