 But you're Friday. The freshest. Alright, so why don't you send this through a DM saying this is how you party in the Philippines? Which is not a normal place as we already know. He has already been stated and proven as a fact. The water be different, though. Definitely. So I expect this to be a worse. They do a line and I think it's like a wedding or something and then they grab a mic. It's like a vocal relay. And then they sort of pass it at that. It's like the choo choo train but you know here in Bracenburg somebody dance and the choo choo thing. And the mic and see that's the Filipino version going. And then he said prepare to be blown away. So I am prepared. This is very popular on Facebook. Yeah, it has to be 110,000 shares and has like 10 million views. 100 million likes. At 100,000 likes. That's what I meant. No, I had 100,000 shares. No, no, no, no, no. Likes. No shares. I literally just saw it. No shares. Okay. So many here, but this song is epic. There's two likes, okay. Oh, she has her own leg. See everyone can at least carry it to you. Monzan, son. Oh Okay, I would crack on their pressure Be like you know your phrase is coming up and you're like No, I don't think you crack the only big the only person to crack like an egg with me me The hundred and you yeah, I would absolutely unless his channel gives Or pangarab a ko and I begin Okay, what the fuck pangarab pangarab ko and I begin car. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. What else could I do? I could do Dilanikau. Oh I could do Broadening your repertoire your karaoke. I think I can kind of like just because of that I can kind of like I could do that a little bit. What other one I could do I could do you give me your forever by exactable to look? Yes, he can yes, definitely could do I don't think that's like I'm gonna sound good. No, we're all gonna have to be fucked, okay? Grace I love that but honestly to be completely honest I don't think sack would be like a like a karaoke classic yet. No, but for a set is at is at what is that pack some more? Pack some more my oftenary that's definitely I think you would have oh That one like remember one for like 50,000 weeks What I was through the fire anyway Anyone's going anyone can do that. I yeah, if you're really drunk your belief system goes through the roof man. Good point Everyone can see Okay I'm a friend I'm a friend I'm a friend I'm a friend I'm a friend I'm a friend I'm a friend Wow Oh Didn't she I'm a friend And they're like freaking messing about Have we threw the bag? What the hell This is what they consider parting In other parts that are what they consider this A paid performance No, but to line up You know how you get like, I feel like this This is how he goes Because you're gonna get your ration of food in prison No, but this is entertainment But no, no You know how back home Back home like family parties People get pretty wild And then they're like, oh go ahead you sing No, you have to play the game Go ahead Spend some time with the costumes that you don't like You know, I feel like this might be one of those moments We're like you're pressured Put into perspective Yeah, so the Philippines is like singing culture In Venezuela, we're from Or just South American in general Yeah, it's a dancing culture And so the way you guys do If you're watching from the Philippines Or you are Filipino The way you guys do So this we do dance Everyone bro, it's like Grandma, the girl you fancy The girl you don't fancy The girl that fancies you You don't dance with lads that much Did not even Boys, boys, boys, boys That shit don't go that way That's not going down well in those family parties anyways But what the hell are you doing? But they sort of encouraged you to dance To be fair to be fair That's probably just like It would be better than not dancing And then you're like You're like You're like a shondap on the internet So it's like this, I would imagine Sort of the same in the Philippines You have to sing even if you're really bad You got to have to take the piss Yeah, you stand there And everyone's going to record And they're going to post it on Facebook And it's going to go viral Okay, kid, okay, you know You're very tired She's just getting her down She's just getting her down You go, girl Here you go, you go, girl Okay, go, through the fall I love that song She's very good one And they get up and felt Oh Yes, why don't you act the record on Pop Oh Oh my god Oh my god Oh What the fuck Oh my god Oh my god, that goes from flip Freakin' Yeah Dude, she's unbelievable with that That woman is outrageous Give me that, my dad, next Both Throw the fight Dude, that's what music is about, man Music is about, man Wait, no, we're so restful I had like another 10 minutes, bro Literally, they were just jamming They were just warming up There was some moment they were, I got so much energy, I felt like working out It was like, through the fight How do you ever felt the burn When you're through the fight I never worked out to that song, I've worked out to bangarab I caught Kangabingika Fuck sake, what's going on with my Filipino brain? You channel your inner Tagalog Tagalogmang Bangarab ko ang ibiginka That's correct Ika wa makasama Presid's dancing the whole song Okay, you've worked out with today Definitely, I love working out the balance Oh, that is so weird Yeah, in one of the podcasts You guys are going to see with that K-pop group called Was it with Kingdom? It was with Kingdom The very beginning popularity They are awesome And they're podcasting One of the songs that they have is kind of It's like Citypop with a ballot Yeah, yeah, yeah, we're Citypop And they were really surprised, I'm sort of, you know, I'll hear you working out to that And they're like, whoa, what the fuck You work out to that, that's so weird I'm like, man, bro, I love it Because you get inspired and in the belt They always have that climax section And I keep changing, yes You sort of go out on an arm day or on a pool day It's wonderful Pool days when you do pool exercises There's pool exercises Inside the water No, no, in the gym The gym Do you have pool exercises Like a deadlift You pool I love it, okay, I see it right I love it Push, push, come I like it So like a pool up That's a pool exercise That's it Right? Wow, new things I learned today Listen Push, push, pull, exercise Invite me to a Filipino party I want to be rocking like a birthday party Yeah, we heard that there's some I will, you know, last along was coming to London So we're obviously going to be involved in that fair for my musical theater hard to just miss that opportunity. And isn't there Roy Abba, who is not far away? Oh my god! I can dress up all fancy! Like I'm going to the opera! But yeah, let us know if you're coming to London, if you're coming to any sort of performances or stuff like that, or if you're hearing London, let us know which ones you're going to. But goodbye. Okay, bye!