 This is B-Boy Mremirez, a very famous celebrity here in the Philippines on the GMA network. Today, he is going to help us check out a brand new product that was sent to us that supposedly is going to be the best translator you ever bought. All right, B-Boy here is going to help us test this product that was sent to us. We are not sponsored in other ways other than they said can we send it to you? I'm like sure. So, you know, sponsored would have to be all positive. It's not positive. It's not going to be positive. It is what it is. So, we just want to be clear that we didn't pay for this product. They did mail it to us, but that's as far as it goes. It is supposed to be an in real time translator, which would be incredible. So that you can listen to somebody talk. It will tell you in your native language what they are saying. And then also when you speak, it will tell them in their native language what you were saying all in real time. A lot of the apps that are available now, you know, you talk into it and it will show up on the screen you can press and then they can listen. And it takes, it's clunky, you know, it's not quick. So we're going to see, we're going to see if this thing is better. The app is called Time Kettle. And it comes with this AirPod looking thing here. And if you open the app, this and you select the model we have, you've got to open this up. I'm going to give you the right. I'll take the left. Turn green. All right, there we go. There's this fancy screen saying connecting. And we're going to put them in. You pick the right ear. I think the left ear. All right, confirm. And then there's different modes. So, simul mode, I think is like a simultaneous mode. So you press talk, press it, touch it again. And that way, you know, it doesn't pick up the person, the other person twice. And it will translate it to that person. They tap which is talk back, tap away when they're done talking. It'll send it to you. So let's try this mode first. All right. And so. Nice. You heard it. Oh, my God. Hey, you speak Filipino now. Angaling with this. So, a very galing with this device. Wow. So you said it was super great. Yeah. Basically, sometimes you're going to find that translation will be slightly different. This is cool. Come on. It'll be something. That's a good question. I don't know. You don't know. No. Time kettle. So we're going to provide a link and they said they're going to send us a discount code. So by the time I post this, we should have the discount code. Yeah. You'd understand. Yeah. I don't believe it'll be, especially with Filipino language, 100%. San Kayo Pugunta, mamaya. Did that make sense? Where am I going later? Yeah. Oh, yes. We actually just came down just to meet with you. We do have to pick up some things at Katzoo. Nice. Nice. And so if you look on here, I'm going to pause this. We're not translating nonstop. One person's translation's upside down so that you can show the phone like this. So they can read this side and yours is down there here. So that everybody has their own version of translate. Now let's go through the other options. That was the Simul mode, mode, then they have touch mode. And so tap your ear button to start talking and then tap again to end it. Oh, it's like hold. Just like this. I can't hear you. Yeah. It's that I speak now. And then I'm a boutin' of a man, I'm a guy. All right. I think pretty decent, right? Now let's do one that you guys can actually hear and that is called speaker mode. So you can tap your earbud and it will tell us it will say it loud so you can all hear what you're saying. So go ahead. I'm going to the nice weather today on the island. So if you wanted to be able to just say something and have the other person understand what you're saying, you can put it on speaker mode and you don't have to give them an earpiece. All right. The next one is called listen mode, which I believe is just for you, just one person. So yeah, you put that in and you just tell us if you hear everything only in Filipino. What's going on over here? I wonder. So I told you in Filipino, what are you saying? So if you put this phone down right here and the people next to you are talking smack about you. Yeah. So he's getting it. Then you would be able to know what their conversation is all about and they wouldn't know you know. Keep in mind, we have Christmas music playing in the background. And it's still working. Awesome. So I would say this is definitely something that works. It works really well. And the whole time it's also putting it all here in text in real time so that you can read it in both languages. Does it save the text? Yeah, after you're done. So I pause it here. And then I believe you can click save. There's a button for this. Yeah. Okay. So if you highlight the text, you can copy it. You can just copy it. Yeah, you can press you can press copy. So you highlight it and then you get different options. And also you can even edit it. But I'm not sure why you would want to do that. But I guess if you want the other person you're like, that's not correct and you can modify it and say, look. Maybe it learns. It could. From your corrections. I'm not too sure about that but I do know that this is working pretty cool. Especially if you were to go to like a foreign country, if you go to Japan, you don't speak Japanese. Right. So you imagine if you had that, it'd be so much easier. And when you're ordering, you could just put them in. Speak your own way. Have it come out on speaker to them what you're asking for. And they would say, okay, most people can just say, not yes. Does it have a Philippine dialect? It does not. It only says Filipino. Just the Takalo. Yeah. So when I go here and I go settings and I select Filipino, it only gives me Philippines. So I'm going to guess it's the galag. It's not just English. You can like English. You can have United Kingdom, Ireland, USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand. In order to get a different dialect of English so that it easier picks up on somebody speaking Irish. Right. They're not going to understand it. If it's only looking for plain English or USA English, you say, so yeah, this is something rude. How they recommend. Fantastic. Well, thank you for joining us on this. No problem. Good test, right? I think it's awesome. You like it too? This device? Yeah. What was the price? 150 dollars. All right. So $150. So it is pricey, but it's good technology. You're not buying just this piece of junk, right? I'm going my coconut. Hey kid, don't ever let them get inside your head. They'll tell you what to do with my instead of everything you know that you could get.