 I like that. I don't know what it looks like. Hi guys and welcome back to Double, the reaction. Which is back from Drinkno and I really... I have to speak. My name is Molly and this is Matt. We are full time jammer vloggers. If you've been following this channel for the last month now then you will know who we are. Full time quarantineders, like everyone in the world. We're all together. We're all time doing nothing. I have. Doing absolutely nothing. Get in. Budgy hair. Bad haircuts, hence the hat. Keep that on. And if you watch S-Sleeze video you will realise that Matt was not in it and that was back. Which is good I don't know. I don't know if that's good or not. I think that was just a bit lazy yesterday. Guaranteeing got to me yesterday I think it's one of them days. So Molly took over, it was probably better with just Molly wasn't it? I think it was. If you want, maybe I've got to make cuts but maybe I've got to do one of my own at some point. I've got a hair and a mouth I can't bear. What the hell is wrong with you? I've got a hair and a mouth. I'm just disgusting. There's a hair and a mouth. That was all about anyway guys if you have, I'm really sorry. There was a hair and a mouth though. If you have any other recommendation. I'm just going to wait for you. I can do it. I was trying to speak like, you know when you get a hair and a mouth I can't fit. I can just fit it in my tongue. But Disney's the start. If you have any recommendations of videos that you would like us to do then please message us on our Instagram, at the download and travel or comment below. It could be anything. Yeah, we'll get round to doing it. Whether that is cooking, eating, talking, newsing, gaming, learning, the lot. And while we're on the topic of double and travel, Instagram name, that is also our other YouTube name which is our travel YouTube channel. And if you are in quarantine which will resume most of you are on a board and want something to watch. There's an informative cinematic travel vlog which are the more recent ones or a cringy old shaky travel vlog from over a year ago. Go and check them out. Lots of countries. Over a year ago, a lot of the US, Hawaii, Fiji, Australia, etc. and the more recent ones are the likes of India, Sri Lanka, the Philippines. Yeah. There's a bit of fear. A couple of European ones as well thrown in between. Oh no, we've got about that. And they're more recent ones. The old ones are pretty funny. That's just eight years ago. The worst thing about the quarantine that I'm finding is that we are halfway through the year and we've only really spent three months of the year traveling. So we've spent more time at home this year. But without further ado, we should probably start getting into this video. Because this one is what is it like living in the Philippines? We've done it. What is it like? We've done it. Whether it's going to be from a Filipinos perspective or just a general perspective. We'll give our perspective after they've given their perspective. Hey everybody, it's Marie from Asian Boss. What comes to your mind when you think of the full of beaches? Yeah, what else? The people. Amazing people. Yeah. Beaches, islands. Perhaps you try to have it's contour as you go. Not really. But at the same time. I'm in his issues at the moment. I'm in his issues at the moment. You're going to travel destination. But what does it like to be like? I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. Today we asked the people of Manila to find out. When a scale of one to ten, Ganapurkhaiya, I say. I don't feel there or what's there. I feel there. Right. Because we have problems that we have to have a therapy. Of course, the bridge continues to be rich and the poor remain poor. So you have social political policies and the employment. That's pretty happy. It's pretty happy. There are many things that are not like the other countries. Because it's very good. More politically things come expensive. I haven't been to many other countries. So I don't really have a good comparison. But it seems better in other countries. You always think it's better elsewhere. We do. We'll keep talking about the Philippines as a third world country and how we're suffering in their problems. What's the problem that we have to have a good relationship with? You know they're in Manila if they're in traffic. We're going to have a good time. The past is the same. The past is the same. The past is the same. That's the problem. They have to leave so early. They have to leave so early. They have to leave so early. The past is everywhere. You're going to meet lots of beggars in the street. And no big cities. Yeah, you're going to meet a lot of people. And for the intellectuals. For some reason, people in the Philippines, they seem to take pride in not being very smart. I think they're really smart. So what? It speaks too language. It's like, oh, Eddie, wow, it's like they're not making the effort to make themselves better. And then they are... What? I don't agree with this guy because being in the Philippines for a long period of time, you realise and you see like a lot of jobs that are advertised whether you're in a hotel or a restaurant. Like jobs that over here wouldn't need a degree or then to go to university in the Philippines. You're over the point. Yeah, the qualification level is really highest. So like for a job over here, you wouldn't need that qualification, but in the Philippines, they expect you to go to university. But we wouldn't get that job. No, we haven't got that. But over here, we could get that job. It's so great. It's so great. So I think they are clever because a lot of them have to go to university to get even jobs over here that you definitely not go to university. Actually, believe shame people. I don't mean crab mentality, right? Because if somebody is doing better than you, you want to drop out like, heal in, so I think that's a really big problem to the Philippines. Inflation rate. That happens to be more clean than that, right? That's a really nice thing. I don't know. I don't know. So it's only been a lucky year, actually. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. If you know, you know, you know, you know, I know. There's no way. If you start to get that job, you will be able to get that job. Do you know the Philippines? I think it's Korean. It's Korean. Because I can't get that job because I'm the most successful person in the world. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. Japan is a field. Yeah, Japan. So why Japan? I love the food, the culture, everything. Oh, yeah, the food. But then it's really clean because it's there. And public transportation, really efficient. It's a very easy field. It would be easier to live there. United States or Canada. Because the only language I know is English. That's easy, though. And Filipino slightly. But so I can already get a stable job. You don't have to learn any other language. So there's a lot of Filipino in the Philippines. Then there's 10 points to me. So there's a lot of Filipino in the Philippines. Because you can see the number of Filipino in the other countries. The ones that are staying in the other countries, in the United States, in the United States. They find it. That's the corruption of the nation. There's no change. They live abroad because they need to. Since we are the lack of job security in the Philippines. We're very populated already. And probably the economy is better abroad. If you start to get used to it, you want to make another OFW. It's hard. Yeah. It's a big issue because of the opportunity. If you want to make it here, you can do it. But if you want to make it here in the Philippines. No, I don't want to work abroad. I want to be close to my family and I want to help. And the girls in the Philippines. If you're close to the Philippines, of course. Oh, you're so good. It's much better if you're in the Philippines. It's better if you're in the Philippines. When I was at the age of 24, I went to Saudi Arabia for two years. Do you think the OFW is better than the other countries? Yes, very much. In the Philippines. The Philippines is better than the other countries. The OFW is better. The country is better than the other countries. The country is better than the other countries. The other countries are better than the other countries. It just depends where you are. It's hard to say because some OFWs, sometimes the jobs are just lawyers to get them into other countries. And their abuse. Depending on the job of your children. I think that some of the Ws have a better life. But not all of them. The Saudi is three years and five months. We don't want to go to Saudi because we're going to Saudi. We're going to Saudi for a long time. What can long hours is that the problem? The problem is that the Saudi people are not here. I think that's why I'm here. In 2017, annual global retirement index, the Philippines spoke about 19. It's the only way to put it in the Asian countries. It's the same as the Philippines. So why do you think the Philippines is such a popular retirement destination? It's a very popular retirement destination. Especially when it's a foreign country. It's a very popular retirement destination. It's a very popular retirement destination. I think it's also just because of how people relax and get their jobs. Because the cost of living is much lower than in other countries. But usually people who are related or people who are willing to come back to the asylum. Of course, the country is. It's warm beaches. Then, the Philippines is the only country in Asia. So, Philco is an advisor. If you were to give and advise to those who would want to retire here or would want to explore the Philippines, what tip would you give them? It's a very popular retirement destination. It's a very popular retirement destination. It's a very popular retirement destination. Even other places are also busy with the Philippines. Yes! Because the Philippines is very busy with the Philippines. There are so much to travel. Actually, within the Philippines culture, there are lots of different sub-golches. Learn about the Philippines as much as you can, the different regions. Because for me, the Philippines culture is very rich. And it would be a shame if... Yeah, there is so much to say that. I think the best way to explore is to get the locals... Then, for you around that... That them take you out. You're going to get the experience it off. The people's answers surprise you. What surprise you the most? Let us know in the comments below. For photos closure, we were able to unite sets of people in five hours. So, given the limited sample samples, we shouldn't take their opinions as a reflection of the Delef Filipino population's view. That being said, we hope that you were able to get some insight into what living in the Philippines is like. For more authentic insight into the latest news and cultural trends from all over Asia, we should just subscribe to Asian Bus and follow us on our channel. There we go. I think that it was a good insight because you know, loads of people's different views. And it was more in depth. It wasn't just like yes or no answers. I know there's only nine people, but you got to elaborate on their point of view. I do think that there is just too many people that would have conflict in views. You're never going to get a sort of an average view. It depends all on where you're from. You've got a job they've got, how wealthy they are. Like you say, whereabouts they live in the Philippines. It can vary. Like for us, we'd say, yeah, it's amazing. But we've been lucky enough to suppose have the choice to go there and visit there. And travel there. And travel there. Yeah. So it completely depends. We would have a completely different point of view to someone that's a millionaire in the Philippines, or to someone that's living in poverty in the Philippines. Just like in the UK, a millionaire will have a more positive view than someone that lives in poverty. Exactly. You are always going to have a problem with the country you live in. We don't like in the UK. Yeah, we can't wait to leave the UK. Exactly. As soon as possible, we're getting a flight straight back to the Philippines. And actually, if you know when, when are, I know it's still very uncertain at the moment, if anyone knows when the visas are... Rephrase that. Yeah. Anyone knows when we can have our visa back. Yeah, so when we can, we don't come up quarantining, but when we arrive, when can we be allowed back into the Philippines? Because we will book that flight tomorrow if the visas are being given out. So let us know. And let us see how it's traveling again very soon. It is something that we are desperate to do. You know, I think when you sit down and have time to reflect on what we've done in the last year and a bit, with the help of you guys on our Dublin travel page, it just makes us want to do it again. Yeah, so we want to get back as soon as possible. And we feel it's safer out there than the UK. We've said this before in a video. A lot of cases. And we would go, when we get there, we would want to go somewhere that's got zero cases. Obviously, we would, hopefully, there's a way that we can get there that we get tested in the UK before we leave and tested upon, and we would pay for a test upon arrival. So there's two tests, haven't got it. Go to an island that has no cases. Wait for it to get all back to normal and then travel to the Philippines again. Exactly. And I was going to say we have actually done a video on why the visa is safer. And that's safer, so check out our Dublin travel page. Of course, and yeah. You didn't do it quick. I don't know. Ready? I don't know. That was terrible. I know. Come out below. Yeah, the recommendations. Yeah, if you have any recommendations, comment below. Send us your own scum. Dublin travel. And if you're new around here, make sure you hit that subscribe. Drops a like. And keep on Dublin.