 So Harvey, we want to try this chicken guys. It's like a chicken race. So we're gonna try this one. I think it's our Korean food. We have like kimchi. So we're gonna try for one box, it's one-tomato sauce, and it's half six to seven chicken. That was the girl telling me so we're gonna try, hopefully I get. So that's gonna be like fast, now with our sandwich with coffee. It's gonna be our overhead fast. Yeah, we have enough to see what's going on. So this is where we used to eat sandwich like breakfast with coffee, because the coffee is so big that even you know it's not expensive. Like the first edition of all, like, I actually get both of us at the end of the show. Yeah, just get it. Yeah, so we want the tuna sandwich guy, but then we don't have tuna sandwich. We run out of tuna sandwich, so they are. So we only have pork. So these two are grilled. Yeah, so these two have grilled pork and chicken sandwich and tuna sandwich. But then right now they don't have tuna sandwich and chicken sandwich. So we only have pork sandwich guys, so we have no choice. We want to eat real hungry also, and then we like the coffee, because the coffee you know, we like to taste, compared to other coffee. So for the first, not bad, the coffee guys. And this is the name, this is the name of the coffee is Bamae. I don't know if I'm saying right, Bamae. So we select the sandwich, and today we decided to call her, so I like the sandwich. We don't know what to eat this morning guys. So yeah, and then we come here, no tuna sandwich. And then we still need to wait for this table, because before it's like five minutes ago, this table is not available. Like we picked waiting for them to finish and some people have just sitting, and then just sitting and talking like you know. Just wait for them to finish. So after this, we are going to the dirty market, because we need to buy fish, fish fish for dinner. I probably gonna make a canila, which is raw fish, like with vinegar, something like that. So yeah, and then we gonna cook like fried fish, and I'm not sure what else we gonna cook for dinner. So yeah, so after this, we are going to the dirty market. Maybe in the plastic. Yeah? Okay, so this is the chicken, looks good, but we never try it. Hope we like it. It's nice to chill her with coffee and sandwich. So we're just waiting for our tuna, I mean we are waiting for our sandwich guys. So the coffee is ready. Oh no, I'm so ready. So this is the coffee, so big. And this one, I think this is for 100 pesos guys, and it's big and you know, quite enough for us to feel like McDonald's, this small one. I mean McDonald's would like also the coffee for McDonald's. It's just, we didn't feel like to eat burger this time. We just had a thing go. I think one day ago we just had burger, so this time we'd like to have tuna sandwich, but then they didn't have the edible, so we're gonna have a pork sandwich. So this one is fresh milk. So we're still waiting for our sandwich. So Harvey is looking for his blender, he dropped his blender, because you know he is so we use his blender, wherever we go he used to bring, but then he dropped his blender, so he has no choice. He needs to use this big ol' sugar. Okay you can try, try the chicken, Malauk. You like it or not? Let me know if you can take this side, you don't have to. Oh okay, you look like a stucker. Look like they put a little bit this time. Okay, because you need to add a fresh milk. Yeah, it's not okay. Don't do it here. No, it's not. I'm gonna have to go going down there. So just put a little bit down. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. So just put a little bit down. Oh my gosh. The water's big, so hot, the water mixture is big too. Yeah. You cannot drink bitter, does it probably not? What? Red Bhanshuga. How you with this? This one, Bambi? Bambi. Bambi. Can you make it for me Malau? See, it's also cheated. I think you need more milk. Me, I'm gonna put it in the milk. Okay. It's done. It's still a name, I swear. You look like they're one small ones. Small size, so this is the pork sandwich. This is how they make the sandwich guys. I like that place that they put on the sandwich. It's... I think this is like the bread, the whole. Yeah. It looks like it's the same. I thought it's not the same because the one that I saw is small. But then they all seem like this. How maybe not? I don't know. What do you think? You know what? Take the sugar back. If you need it, you have it. Thank you. So this is the sandwich. We love this sandwich. This is pork sandwich guys. Look at that. Good, no? You want to try this? I put sugar, but it's getting more. And this place is too tight. Yeah. I don't want to just eat and just go. Oh, why? You can start eating. I like the two sandwiches, but then they don't have. The only thing that we didn't really like this much before, because the sauce is sweet. That's why. I didn't put the sauce in mine. I didn't put the sauce in it. Oh yeah, so the sauce is really good. It's okay. Here I have it. Because I don't like the sauce. The taste is like I don't know. Okay, then. What do you think? I like it. Then you have many loves and good. Yeah, I know. I like it. Okay then. So let's eat. Let's eat guys. How about the chicken? Okay, then. And if I was sick? Yeah. No time for sick. If I'm hungry, I have no fish in to use this day. This is only good for people like very, you know. They used to know, wow, looks good. Look at that. For 120 pesos. Not bad, right? No, right. Yeah, I'm going to say. Okay. What do you think? It's cold. Yeah. But the taste. Yeah. Because how he used to know, when he comes to the food, he likes hot. What is that? Oh, I thought it's totally the food. Also the woman you like hot. Wow. Yeah, I push your hot. And the coffee also. You like it very, very hot. Sometimes it's happening that when we eat at McDonald's, this service, it is hot, but it's not like hot that. You know, like, how he likes it. He likes it very, very hot. That's when I ordered it before. Yeah. Make sure my coffee is hot. Yeah, you already remind him that they make sure they make it very, very hot. But then they still don't listen. They give you not hot. Yeah. But it's happened one time that we give it back and they give us new one because you cannot make it hot. Because we want just like, you know, make it hot in the microwave. But then they said, if you are not satisfied with the coffee, then they need to give you the new one, replace the new one, new coffee. So anyway, guys, it's eight. So I think I'm gonna eat also. I'm hungry now. So I'm gonna eat this vlog. I think I'm gonna be like, oh, vlog guy. Because it's just, you know, just no special this vlog. It's just we are walking here, coming in McDonald's. We've been so small and eating our breakfast. So yeah. So hope you like it. And don't forget to subscribe. And thank you so much for watching guys. And see you in another one. Bye. Bye, my love. Bye.