 you is the Ku tengor. It's called a, if the kingdom's overgrown, meet me at the cornerstone. I know that I can't be without you. There's fondness all they've got, we're done in an amery room. It took me forever to find you. Together vibes. Because when it's on the way, the love I've had. Finally arrived, we've just checked it. It's almost 8 o'clock. We're out of the way, so we're going to get ready. Have something to be good. Morning. Good morning. So we're heading out for our kind. In our hotel, the Seabed's resort. And we're going to the theme hall, have a look around. The sun is calling. The Seabed's resort. The Seabed's resort. The Seabed's resort. The Seabed's resort. The Seabed's resort. The Seabed's resort. The Seabed's resort. The Seabed's resort. As we wait for the smoke to clear, and we watch our dreams appear. I know that we can rise together. This vision that we share is ours. Together we can touch the stars. I know that we will see each summer. Because when it's on the fly, the love that you get. We'll be there to guide you in every way. I know that you've come and done this thing. The sun is calling. I know that you're my only hope. I know that you too do to me. I know that you too. I know that you too. I know that you too. I know that you're my only hope. I know that you're my only hope. Let me jump in.unintelligible tatorge I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud I'm gonna shout me, call me Give a hug, give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Give a hug, give a hug Nice Really strong What is it? It's very tough It doesn't have to What hold is it? The slime, the soul, the drink, the drink, the lime in the soul I'm so full with life. I'm so full of the same. I just use the spray stick. I'm gonna cheat it. Before you ladies, you should fuck off sensual eraser. Goodbye, again. You failed at this point,