 Good morning, January 11th. This means today is another day. It's another video. So as you can see guys, I am almost prepared. Today is my last day here in Manela and I can't wait to go back to the province because my family, my daughter, I really miss them and of course my house and other properties waiting for me. Okay, so I think I have done this video before, but since a lot of my new foreign subscribers asking me to film it again and that is to give them an idea on how people react whenever they see a Filipina and foreign men couple. I am here guys because I love you also. Let's begin with our main topic, but disclaimer, this is not to say bad things about Filipina people. I'm not generalizing, not all Filipina will give comment like the the things here that I'm going to mention in this video, but again I just want to be real here. This is a real talk whether you disagree or agree, again it's up to you, Lavis, but as a Filipina this is how other people comment whenever they see a foreigner and from the Pina relationship. So number one are you ready? Wow, she married a rich guy, so this is funny because ever since when I was a kid, these people guys doesn't have any idea that whatever you have right now, they ask it, the big house is the money in your account, it's because of your hard work. These comments are coming from people specifically those who have an experience to go out of the Philippines and they have an experience other culture or yeah they just think that all of you foreigners that are watching my video right now are rich and worn red golden spoon. So let's just tell them that hey I'm not rich, I'm poor, I'm just a regular guy in my country because they wouldn't believe you. So that's one mindset of some Filipina people. Second one, oh wow she's leaving the Philippines to live abroad with her husband. So I have a friend planning to retire here with the husband and now she's being pressured because she told me that a lot of people are questioning her decision like why do you need to settle here in the Philippines if you could live there overseas? They don't think that leaving the US or other first world country can be as expensive like you have to work hard, you have to at least like the one or two job and like here in the Philippines a lot of people doesn't have job and still eat three times a day so they don't know about it. She told me that they are looking for property where they can build house in at least like a small business and that's it guys. That's why I said on my video before that if you want to retire and stay here in the Philippines for good then you can at least go look for a property where you can build your kingdom with your Filipino wife and not close to her family. So that's it. Next comment, wow she is in her family will now have a good life. So I don't know what kind of thinking some Filipino has but this is common lobby. So when we talk about this comment it's either they are expecting you to provide for them to give them the convenience that you can also give to your Filipina and your children like a table full of food. Some people would expect that because you are a foreigner you will give your Filipino family millions of pesos to build a big house or buy a car give them a business or something that will make their life convenient. So next comment wow she just want his money and she's after the green card so even if you guys are both sincere and in love with each other these people wouldn't believe because they think that these Filipinas especially if she's young and you are a bit older they would say that she's only after your asset your property and she doesn't love you at all. So it's useless to explain to these people but you know what important is that you know the both of you are sincere in your relationship. So I mean for those who are in an age gap relationship be prepared because you will hear a lot of this comment from people and they will judge her Filipina like oh she's using her brain she's not really in love with him because he's older so you know guys age gap relationship isn't common here in our country. Okay next is oh she's lucky because out there so many beautiful Filipina but why why this guy fell in love with with the ugly pinai so now here in the Philippines a lot of people has a high standard beauty standard so whenever they see like a couple where the guy is handsome he's a good looking and the Filipina is like me I mean simple or chubby and doesn't reach their standard they would comment a lot calling. Ugly you don't deserve to have her there are so much better Filipina than your girlfriend right now and they don't think that you fell in love with this girl because probably of her personality or good demeanor attitude or something like that they would only based on the outside look so that's one of the comment okay next one is okay she uses a potion in black magic all right so this is what I'm telling you Lavi's in my previous videos if one of the couple is good looking and the other one is not they would judge that either one of you uses a black magic or potion to to get the person that you want because some people are jealous okay especially those Filipinas who are comparing themselves like why why maybe she uses a black pot magic or potion to get that guy so another comment is a lot of judgment and make fun either both of you so I want to be honest here not to make fun of you Lavi's but this is a real talk okay if you are overweight if you are bald if you are older probably 30 years age gap and you have a beautiful Filipina she's sexy she's young I mean yeah you they will make fun of you and if you are the good looking foreign man they will laugh on your Filipina they will make fun of her so anyway let's just leave it like that okay this is not to bring negativity in your relationship but I just want to be realistic here say and a lot of you requested me to do this video when they ask for borrow money and you didn't give they'll charge you a lot so this is a common issue in Filipino culture by the way guys if you are in a relationship with a Filipina you should be upfront and be honest talk about this issue even before you start the relationship that because it happens a lot where the family member or the friends of your girlfriend would lend or borrow money and if you didn't give they will call you like stingy so if they ask your girlfriend and she said like I don't have money we don't have money they would think that she changed a lot just because she's now dating a foreigner she became stingy and doesn't want to help doesn't want to lend a hand so be careful sometimes other people will also borrow money from you love so it's a no-no and be prepared to say no to Filipina people even if it's the family member of your girlfriend another comment calling you no taste so this is like when you are dating that's what we call ugly for the penis alright some women would always compare themselves like why he fell in love with her she doesn't have degrees she doesn't have etiquette she didn't even finish high school she doesn't even know how to speak English properly or something like that any comment that they can give or they can say they will like throw it on your Filipina so calling you no taste because as I've said they have a different level of beauty standard okay the last one we have a comment like now she don't need to work she can be a princess or a queen this is one of the mindset that I don't know where it came from but most of the Filipina people would think that if a Filipina marry a foreigner she doesn't have to work and she can just sit at home when in fact being a housewife guys we all know that it takes a lot of job like cleaning the house making your husband excited all the time in the bedroom or you know being a mom to your kids doing grocery cleaning the bathroom cleaning the room cooking okay baking gardening and all the things you know what Lavi's as I've said we cannot say anything to these people because they have a fixed mind already you cannot just argue with them or explain to them your reality when leaving and marrying a foreigner so that's so far that's all the comment I hope you enjoy it and if I forget something please comment down below and we will try to do again a part two okay thank you so much Lavi's I have to end this video now and I'm sorry because I canceled my livestream for today see you bye bye I love you