 The last time we were here at the Mollivasia it was Just reopening and getting to a point where everything was returning to normal now We're back. We're expecting a lot more things to be reopened and a lot more selection So we can't wait to see we have a lot of things that we've been planning to get when we got here Let's see if we can go find them. I'm excited. I'm excited. I love shopping. So it doesn't even matter. Is this surprising anyone anyone anyone? How cool is that? While they're under construction they build a cool neon alley for everybody to explore To make up for the fact that there's a lot of construction. So why not let's give it a shot Get ready for the new Mollivasia Very loud the construction up above and but the air conditioning is fantastic in here. Wow And you can see everybody loves taking pictures. Yeah, honestly, this would be great for photoshoots. Oh, yeah This is very cool Nice thing they did So the goal of today is to dress Michael Michael better Wow, sir one he's gonna look like a king. Okay, I promise you somebody is pretty good at this All right my wife knows what she's doing It's almost like I was a sales associate a shop associate something I was a sales associate once upon a time In a clothing store, I know how to sell clothes, okay, and I know how to pick them. Are you selling me clothes? Yes, but it's costing me is what else. It's like oh, okay, okay, only half good. Yeah, yeah, yeah This is beautiful as we remembered Very very busy though. Prepare it is is this where the mushroom place was from last video I just remember the lights and we were up there Well, by the way, we have been here before so check out that first video of us and see the difference Yeah, and just you can see the difference of everything Well Well how many times have people said wow at night your video footage isn't as good Right, it's sometimes trash to be a quite honest guys go pro here at 11 or 10 sorry 10 11's not over yet It's not very good at night Great during the day great for underwater getting splashed that kind of thing But now we are here at the Sony store and we're finally getting that rectified we've got Tripod and has the controls on the tripod as well and this camera has a flip screen Yeah, that allows you to use it as a vlogging camera Like that and so you'll be able to see yourself like you want to do a vlog Plus you can flip it back so you can see yourself from the back So it's a hell of an investment, but it'll be worth it. There you go. And look it's tracking you already The first shot of this camera There you are Come look at the cakes you you like oh she loves cakes guys She loves it My birthday's coming up it is true. It's away That was pretty good Live that's pretty creepy These are cute A fluffy a furry basketball nice. I was really big police car the helicopter was here as well Okay guys the windows a little foggy Oh Inside There's a lot of options here at the Mollivation So many options What will she choose that's the question it's so busy. Oh, yes Everybody likes food I guess The mall is so busy that every restaurant we go to has a line of people waiting for seats. It's so busy Oh, she likes this Barkles and pink Wonder why I wonder why do you remember the last time we came here? There's that dessert museum Yeah, we have to go because we came and it was already close do you get dessert though? I would hope so I hope that's like souvenir you get ice cream Oh Oh cherries Cherry bomb I mean I know I'm giving food for my You Now we are exhausted tons of bags we need some food and We're still looking but we decided to come over here To the park because they have a ton of restaurants over here And maybe just maybe there won't be a huge line we're hoping I saw that rocks with we already came over to this side so we're gonna go over Elvis is in the house I don't know how often he plays here, but he's still here Why don't you guys say hello Hi Wow, thank you. Thank you. We've been here a three months down. We love it Yeah, we love it. Okay. Yeah, we are I can share yeah fantastic. We are at the Roadhouse Manila Bay And it is been Amazing we want to hear and there's so lovely and look at this you're right there Right there on the water It's a little too hot and muggy for us today, so we're gonna eat here. You got Bruce Springsteen up here There you go for all the Bruce Springsteen fans. Are you a Bruce Springsteen fan? She doesn't know what to say I've been Jimmy Hendrix Okay, he's going oh Oh, wow they got him all All right, all right, we should get some great service. It's just us. I know That's fantastic. Private private signing Can you see what one of our purchases is? We live in the Philippines where it's hot And they get a furry jacket and she looks like she walks the streets of Chicago With a bunch of girls working for you your hustling. She's a hustling. I'm a hustling baby This hot yeah, you're gonna hot pepper. I'm gonna have to take off my jacket now. Oh, no Okay, I turn it Now leave it there. Pails. This is really good. These are really good The poppers they're basically they're stuffed with cheese You're right Brown to okay, we've been busy or I feel I did we saw so many people going to the boardwalk or like the Bay Area But even now it's still so busy. So we'll be fine. Yeah, we'll be fine, but wow Every brand is here by the way. What is your favorite store? If you if you're a mall shopper Wow, we just came upon this place and I've never seen it before It's unbelievable this whole place is all made in the Philippines. Everything you see is made in the Philippines And I like their slogan trick this out And so it's one thing if you're buying things, you know, western stuff that's very very plentiful here Absolutely plentiful. It's everywhere in the mall, but there's not a lot of stuff made in the Philippines Well, guess what? Yes, there is so this is so amazing. We're gonna enjoy looking around here. Let's see what's available Of course you go for the dress Oh, yes, I can't remember what the celebration is What anything I guess traditionally formal that's right traditionally formal event You