 I'm going to go to the beach! I'm going to the beach! I'm going to the beach! I'm going to the beach! I'm going to the beach! I'm going to the beach! You guys, today is a super exciting day because while I'm having my birthday cake of my dreams Birthday cake is a thing Yes, the best kind of birthday cake Meanwhile, my sister BFF Funny is already on the way to the Philippines which is crazy I can't imagine still that she is going to be here in Las Dana Day Hi guys! I am in the first friends airport and I am waiting for my plane to Dubai How to carry a huge pizza on a motorbike So, that little video she made for you guys was earlier now she just landed in Dubai but we will actually leave already later tonight to the airport to pick her up because there is crazy traffic going on the way to Manila So, today is going to be a very, very long day with Nozli Okay guys, it's almost midnight we are leaving for the road It's very strange for me that I'm going to pick someone up at the airport yet I'm no makeup wearing pajamas Funny is already on her plane from Dubai to Manila and for me the blankets are waiting We are almost at the SunCymon exit which is the lately infamous spot where they are supposed to be like an over 10 km long traffic at least they are worth for over a week due to the typhoon except now Oh, there's the flood There's the flood you can see us We went through the flood that was it This was the road that was supposed to take us five hours it was literally five minutes I'm not mad that we didn't get stuck in traffic but this was literally the reason why we are not sleeping right now and in the car Well We are in perfect condition as you can see Nozli Jonathan didn't sleep at all I slept two hours then before to the parking lot of the airport and that's it but now it's almost time but we are accidentally at the departure area our driver was sleeping We are accidentally at the departure area our driver was sleeping two hours night We are at the arrival guys even though we are barely facething we successfully found it and it's so nostalgic to be here because it was the exact same spot where I arrived over a year ago when I came back to the Philippines you were waiting for the summer event I'm not here Oh yes, and we have a time so we came up with our own funny relay that Tourism slogan Tourism slogan of the Philippines more funny than the Philippines and we just couldn't ask Thank you to the audience We love you very very funny We are tired you guys I'm sorry I just wanted to give you a while I think it's just a very short story time because some of you I hope you sometimes I call her my sister even though I called you guys before that I don't actually have like real siblings but we literally like grew up together with funny and we call each other like sister we are literally like siblings to each other so I would have felt like, I'm sorry I'm sorry I saw I would have felt like strange to just address for my friend in the vlog because that doesn't really describe our relationship properly so that's why it's also important part of the story so you guys can like know how special it is that she's coming to the Philippines for the first time to see my life here literally like when my parents came all over again Excited Excited Excited Excited Excited Excited Excited I miss them You guys! Now there's one more funny in the Philippines. I have a few ways to do it. You guys always describing on the airport. It's the funny. The third team is going. First look at Manila. It's 8am at the moment and originally as you probably know we were making polls and talking about it on the live. We should be doing funny on the first day in Manila but everyone is like top the out. Don't let any door be sleeping. Being fun is been traveling for 20-25 hours. 25 hours. We decided no Manila tour. She will be here for a long time. We will definitely be coming back to Manila soon to a tour. But today while everyone is half asleep we are going to take it easy. But gonna take the first views of Manila from the car window. I'm so tired. I'm so tired. I'm so tired. We are going to sleep on the way to Manila but now I want to see if Manila's reaction is so I'm also so tired. That was a pretty church. I'm so tired. I'm so tired. I'm so tired. I'm so tired. I thought it was so interesting that the buildings are so big. Huge condo buildings and smaller buildings and they all mixed up together. Yeah like that. Sit this cape of Manila like this smaller units and then the big skyscrapers at the back. I wish I could remember how it is to see Philippines for the first time. We left Manila guys and now it's lunch break. I'm going to eat like the food that's for first feeling the Philippines. Not banana. First time meeting a banana ketchup. You can try it with the ulam. Teaching the important words like ulam. Did it smell like regular ketchup? The banana ketchup is a star already. Kalaman sea cucumber shake. That's the first. Well not food but ulam. But she's taking it in the Philippines. The food is arriving you guys. We just wait for everything to be here. There will be a challenge for fun because since it's a local restaurant, we only got the phone and the fork. We just think of the food that only I would have done a week. We got two of my favorite local foods for fun to try. Tofu sea sigen ketchup. Soy team vegetarian here, funny oil sauce. She will eat mostly the same type of food that we are usually eating. What? It's my first time. Pretending. Jonathan's first time meeting ketchup so he mugs oil sauce. So it's a joke. So it's a joke. So it's a joke. Not tutorial seeing if she figure it out first. That. Good. My invite Jonathan is eating like a European. Trying to put the rice that keeps falling off the fork. We have team European here, team Philippines. In Hungary we eat with the fork, even rice which doesn't make sense at all because it will just keep falling off. The best skill to learn for everyone coming to the Philippines is to eat with a spoon which is way more convenient. We need everything with the fork. Yeah. Banana ketchup. Banana. Banana. Banana. A little bit banana. I really love this. Not the same as tomato ketchup. But similar. First of all, banana. Again. I'm not your own. I'm a banana. I love tofu. What's this? Oh my God. Oh, it's so funny. It's real. Like with my mom. No. Welcome to the Philippines. Thank you. So as we arrived to my mom in Los place, you guys. So taking fun is to her first Harry starry. Oh my. Starting the local life already.辛い? In before I know. Oh my. Oh. Harry? Why? What's wrong? I don't know. So зем Dean? Hi. I don't know. I'm going to the airport No! We just have to go to the airport I'm going to the English school English, come on Thank you How much time do you guys have? Very early, so this place When we were here with my parents They didn't change much This is the funny, funny residence Funny, funny residence Just gonna spend two nights here We'll be rest and look around the area And then we are going on a road trip But for now I think it's sometimes around middle of the day We've completely lost track of time But everyone is gonna just freshen up And take an up So I think see you later guys See you Good morning guys We woke up Good morning Good morning, it's like 5 pm Poor Jonathan is still sleeping Because he was keeping our driver And third day in that night So the driver won't fall asleep So he didn't sleep for like 36 plus hours So he's finally taking a nap But we are awake And funny right now is Trying her first ever round button Okay How much time? You pressed it like You are making your money Oh I don't know I'm not really sure if it's going to be a short coffee I'm going to get one Giving funny a family resort tour Now most of the guest went home It's already getting late so We can take over the whole place This is the Kidi 4 The Kidi 4 Papaya It's a papaya Papaya 3 And we spent the rest of the day Just admiring the rice field view And chilling at the pool And catching a fish And we spent the rest of the day Just admiring the rice field view And chilling at the pool And catching up And we have so much more plant And so excited to share with you guys But this is going to be the end of this vlog So thank you so much for watching And we will see you next time In the next vlog Bye