 What? Yeah, that's what I thought too. And I'm like, what? I'm still not sure what this is about. Wooey. Wow. Pretty interesting fact. Amazing. What's up Philippines? Welcome to a brand new reaction video. I'm Mike. I'm Lily. I'm with your travel food and lifestyle vlogger's based in the beautiful country of the Philippines. Lily, what are we reacting to today? All right. Today we are reacting to a video that was sent to me by one of you guys and it says, these people in the Philippines are not very smart. What? Yeah, that's what I thought too. And I'm like, what? Why should I react to it? And I was like, I don't want to, I don't know, in... I'm still not sure what this is about. I don't want to offend anybody. But the viewer said, trust me, this is a good one. All right. And I'd say without further ado. Let's jump in to it. Oh, my God. Philippines are so warm and friendly. So hospitable to tourists. And they are always so positive, smiling and easygoing. Mabuhay! This video might be meant to be pinot-baits. Because while always staying, might be true. Let me ask you something controversial. How often do you hear about Filipinos being intelligent and did Filipinos have any real impact on the world? And I've met a lot of intelligent Filipinos. Yeah, me too. Aren't they just all about being nice and smiley? Well, there is much more than the stereotypes. And so in collaboration with all the Filipinos in Team Project Nightfall, we created this special video. Why Filipinos are so much more than just their stereotypes? Good morning. For starters, you have to say to Filipinos. For how fast your computer runs? Yes. Filipino inventor, just out of Bantao, made the first single chip graphical user interface accelerator, which in simple terms allows for data to be processed faster. He helped simplify computer design with fewer chips, making computers smaller, more portable, and more affordable. And it's extra inspiring when you realize that this now billionaires used to walk barefoot on dirt roads as a child, back in his small Filipino town. And while... You mean it happened? And if you are making any video calls these days, Filipino engineer and physicist Gregorio Zara is your guide. Because way before, Miss Center Zoom, FaceTime Skype became a thing, he already created this, a video form. Wow! And it's not a fight! It's not a fight! Yeah! The Filipino women you are looking at right now gave the world a medical incubator that works without electricity. Thanks to her, many babies that live in remote communities will survive, because her improvised incubator can be cheaply reproduced. And as we talk about being world-class, let's talk about how amazing Filipino talent is. If you love Disney and Pixar movies like Final Mimolo, and inside out, you have to think this world-class Filipino animator, Roni Del Carmen, for working people on those iconic films. And then I have Bruno Mars, Olivier Rodríguez, Bella Porsche, Vanessa Hutchins, Heidi Steinfeld, all of these horror-series of Filipino blood, too. But with this one, you're most likely not surprised because Filipinos are known for their talent. To make the world impact even stronger, nearly two million Filipinos work in many countries outside the Philippines. If there was a world cup for where we want to outsource, Philippines takes the cake. And lastly, I mentioned hospitality as a stereotype at the beginning of this video. But in history, this famous trait literally saved lives, because the Philippines opened its arms to many refugees in the past. Like Russians, Jews escaping Nazis, Spanish refugees and Chinese immigrants. All persecuted people who wouldn't be accepted by other countries. In this very remote corner of Asia, the only country who replied to the call of Iowa was the Philippines. And so, having all of this in mind, Night Farm, all together now, San Aol. San Aol Filipinos will appreciate the underrated geniuses of their nation. San Aol. And so, we're going to start looking at the stereotypes. I hope everyone will share this video, whichever country you will come from, to prove that the elite is always so much more than what media says about it. Today, you have been pinnoy-baited because, undeniably, more Filipinos deserve to be proud of themselves not just for their positivity or hospitality, but also for their intelligence. And their impact on the world. Wow. Good video. You were not sure about that. I was not sure about that. I was like, Mely, why do you put us into this position? I don't want to watch this video. But yeah, it's a pretty interesting video. And that's also something that we wanted to address, I think. We have a lot of people, well, not a lot. It's like a few, just 2%. Who go in the comment section, they're like, you only show the good stuff from the Philippines and you never criticize poverty and you never bring up different topics, politics, and I don't know what. And our point of view is that in the past, it has been covered by mass media in a bad way, which gave a little bit of a bad reputation. So we want to point out the good progress that is happening, the people who deserve to be seen, talents, no matter if it's singers, no matter if it's inventors, or I think we even met a guy who works for NASA, and he's a guy type. So it's really incredible how diverse the country is. And yeah, I'm just stunned every day by everything that we explore in the reaction videos that we explore during our travels. And our daily life here. Yeah, amazing. Awesome. Yes, guys, if you are new around here and you don't know who we are, our main channel making it happen blog is linked in the description box down below. So if you want to see some travel and food blogs from this beautiful country, check out those videos. Also, we have a lot of international travel videos on that channel, which are really, really fun to watch, so definitely check that out. Also, we have a dedicated music channel where you can watch and listen to music with B-roll shots of the Philippines of us traveling around. So basically just some good vibes that we're sharing and you can watch it from home while you have guests or... Well, if you're just chilling, relax and have a good time. In any case, if you enjoyed today's video, be sure to give it a thumbs up, subscribe if you are new and we'll see you guys next time on... What's up Philippines? Bye-bye!