 Hi everyone, if you're new here, I'm shooting some of them from Japan. If you enjoy the content, give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing for you here. So, let's get into it. Right, today I'm reacting to this video. Trades! Is it great? Trades. Trades? I don't know about it. Anyway, it's her name, isn't it? Yeah. Apparently this is a series of movie that be in our anime. And I don't think it's what the computer does Japanese anime, isn't it? But like, wow, it's filmed by Netflix. It should be popular in Philippines because, you know, they don't film unless it's popular, right? Yeah, I'd like to get to know more about Filipino's culture. So this is going to be a great opportunity for me to know that, you know, Filipino's culture. Right now, I have absolutely no idea what this story is about. So yeah, I wonder how different it is from Japanese anime. So, you guys are ready for my reaction from the, you know, Nimez Island. So yeah, this is going to be the honest reaction. So yeah, don't be offended, please. So, let's get into it. Apparently the train broke down over the quality of the bridge. Service crew funded like this. What? What's this? Is it some kind of zombie stuff? No, come on, give me a break. You know, there are many zombie, um, no film or, you know, anime is already and I've watched it many times and I've got tired of it. So yeah, I hope it's not so. In a pile of missing persons reports. Is this creature? Oh, so this is about magic? Well, I like its style of drawing by the way. It's like a type of titan, you know, Japanese famous anime. Yeah, you know, this kind of serious drawing matches with this kind of, you know, uh, scary anime. So yeah, I like it. That age has passed. People fear what they don't understand. That's why our family has always been the bridge between mankind and the supernatural. Natural. What the hell are we dealing with? A lot of drives are on age making bad deals with Butterfolk. That balance you and your father have tried so desperately to maintain. He said it's a, you're treading on very, what? She uses Katana. I don't know, Popda. She's got, you know, uh, two Katana style. Wow. Yeah, it's cool. Yeah, she's like a, you know, Musashi Miyamoto. Yeah, it's a famous samurai with a, you know, two Katana style. So wow, I'm not sure if she's falling, but, uh, that's, wow, cool. He's a nice little treasure. Can't be too sure, but the underworld is, let's listen. So yeah, it's based on comic. Yeah, it's been by Netflix, so he must have been popular. Please help me. You are the Babayan Mendarimba. Healer a, Babayan Mendarimda. What's that? Healer and Warrior. So this is about like a jujitsu kaisen. Yeah, you know, Japanese famous, um, magical, you know, anime. I warrior. You were born ready. Hank, the creature is a China. Do you hear it? Calling for me? Ah! Wow. You want my advice? Keep your heads down. They're coming for revenge. Here's the latin ghost. Kill her. There's something bigger going on here. The tribes need to be united. Oh! Oh! What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? It's, yeah, actually cool. Yeah. Yeah, that's so filmed by Netflix. I mean, it's so high-coldy. Wow, that's exciting. Can't be so spruing. And there are liars amongst your allies. Come on, boys. Come on, boys. Come on, boys. Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Let's put an end to this. Ah! Ooh. Wow. Wow, looks interesting. Actually, I want to watch it. Well, I still don't know really about this story, but just judging by the trailer, yeah, it could be popular in Japan as well. Because in the first place, it's a score, really. But the quality, you know, like, drawing, our film, our voice actor, the very good quality. Yeah, it's like, it's obvious though. Since it's made by Netflix, you know, like, demons like the Promised Neverland or Attack of Titan. And these anime go really popular these days in Japan. Other content, violins, and horror things. Well, interestingly enough, the enemies appearing in anime like demons or titans, whatever, they eat human. Well, this is also common point. And the zombies in Traiseid eat people as well, right? Yeah, so I think this is, you know, also the same setting as these popular Japanese anime. Well, I don't know why these kind of horror anime go really popular these days. But in my opinion, people these days are really stressed, you know, we are really stressed because of current situation or, you know, for Japanese, Japanese society really stressful, right? So as you might know, so people, you know, need to something like, you know, exciting, something stimulating so that you can release your stress. You know, you watch horror, an email or film when you're stressed, right? And feel better, right? So yeah, something like that. So if I'm right, Preze will get popular in Japan as well. But the one thing that I'm not sure is about the relationship. You know, this point, the relationship is absolutely essential for popular Japanese anime. You know, like a relationship between your friends, your family, or a teammate, whatsoever, people fight for people helping each other. This is what popular anime is needed. And I wonder if this anime trees contain this kind of thing. Okay, so that's it for today. Thank you for watching everyone. If you'd like, make sure to like, subscribe, so, say I'm gonna madau.