 Hello and welcome to Military Combat Network. In today's video I'm going to react to the Philippine Marine Force Recon. You guys have been asking for it all week, so here it is. Again, just like the Philippine Scout Rangers, I'm going in blind. I don't know anything about the Marine Force Recon, so I'm going to watch this and then I'm going to react to it. But I'm really excited to get into this video because I really enjoyed the Philippine Scout Rangers. It's probably my most favorite video I've ever seen so far and reacted to. Let's dive into this reaction. The video quality is not the best. We're having to have this mindset that we are willing to go and give more than the ordinary soldiers. To become one of these warriors, the best of the best must undergo one of the world's toughest training courses. It's even worse than I imagined. I can imagine but few succeed! Those who dare will be trained and tested in the push to receive the coveted badge in this elite band of brothers. Special forces for the people of the reinforcement Guys I've got a quick question for the viewers Do they have to speak English during the courses or do they speak you know the home language? Philippine I'm not sure like I said I don't know too much about this It looks like they have to speak English This is the marine basic school where they turn ordinary civilians into some of the toughest soldiers in the Philippines For the next six months these volunteers will endorse some of the most unforgiving training the country has to offer Mostly based on discipline because of the discipline It's important to know that Because if you don't have to do training, you can't participate in the training This discipline is what forms the core of a force recon ethos Crucial in defending a country rich in conflict The Philippines is an archipelago over 7,000 islands In the south the nation's armed forces must wage war on scores of separatist militia like the Abu Sayyaf Dedicated to establishing independence from a Philippine government The battleground is dense jungle and remote mountainous terrain and these challenging conditions demand a special breed of soldier What we wanted was a strategic type of unit which would which could conduct far-ranging reconnaissance patrols and operations and It's personal could infiltrate by sea air and land The force reconnaissance battalion is the special operations arm of the Philippine Marines Specialized in long-range reconnaissance patrols Ebbibious assaults and hostage rescue We must have this attitude that we must be better than the others because the rest of the Marine Corps expect us to perform Way above the performance of others And it all starts here Turnate Cavite Southern Luzon The intensive training program is designed to be as realistic and hazardous as possible because as soon as they graduate They will be sent into combat Most of the Marines are really tough because when you land on a beach there is no days for recitation there's no way of going back into the ships So it's the only way he's forward so the Marine Corps has developed very tough warriors Yeah, and the basic training is tough, but though you know, it's not just obviously the Marine Corps that it's forging some elite soldiers I mean after watching the Philippine scout Rangers. It's incredible how tough the Philippine military forces are Honestly, I am very impressed. But looking back about 30 seconds ago. I've noticed a slight difference already The Philippine Marines are wearing jungle boots where's the Philippine scout Rangers did it So someone who might know that why? Please leave it in the comments down below. I'm intrigued. I'd like to know why they have different uniform and you know different boots Who's the pass at the top can try out for the most elite team on offer the force recon battalion If they get selected they'll move on to three months of specialized training We're a new level of hell awaits I love his expected of us. Can I say where elite? We're supposed to be a little bit. We have to have this mindset that we We are willing to go and give more than the ordinary soldier The force recon battalion will fight a highly specialized kind of war the core of which is represented in their batch The knife shows that they are warriors black and lightning represent their stealth and the parachute shapes shows that they are airborne Nice they're just about everything For the first time using these skills With a country spreading over 300,000 square kilometers airborne insertion is the quickest way to deliver a team of special ops troops into a conflict zone If you want to be forced recon you have to have the coveted silver wings and the training to arm them is not for the faint hearted I Say Day one and the recruits are stripped of their ranks From this day on everyone will be a number looks wall unequal footing. They all share the same goal the jump of a lifetime I know they clear your training starts today Urban training requires a special dedication and courage because the urban training is very challenging Basically and mentally They begin with the spring up and out roll call a physical workout designed to help their landers In the Mahina the Tata vanilla He's not all about aircraft So the exercises that you can do That you have to do is for the purpose of jump training This is just the beginning and already some of them are feeling the strain Recruit 23 is the oldest of the batch Of course In this first phase close to 25 percent will be eliminated Can't it six hope she won't be one of them After roll call the punishing exercises begin For Much of these exercises are especially designed to form the muscle memory needed for their ultimate mission Shump from an aircraft descended one thousand feet per minute and land alive This year the Marines have selected more women candidates than ever before It's a unique opportunity for Mary Joy Elmido You The first thing these recruits will learn is the last thing that happens The landing Getting the body into a flexible position for it to withstand the impact of hitting the ground Not landing correctly could lead to severe injury or death This is just a taste of what the next five weeks are going to be like It's a lot of repetitive moves and motions But this is where their discipline and focus will be put to the test You Next they move on to practicing landing on the move It's a chance for them to begin to feel the impact of a landing From here the recruits move to Fort Muck's eye side Where they will find out if they have what it takes to jump from a tower 60 feet high and survive And worse than that For the toughest missions the Philippine Marine Corps sending their specialist operators The force were connoisseants battalion These men are the best of the best Hoping to join this elite group for 92 men You're saying these are the best of the best Let me know in the comments section who you think is the best Philippine Marine Force Reconz Or Philippine Scout Rangers Let me know down below And in women in stage one of their airborne training course Over the next two weeks the rigors of the training schedule will become extreme As they prepare to move from ground training to tower jumps Already the toughening phase has forced out two volunteers Because most have been kicked out Vernon Women havent tried to make the懂得要逢 However what the body's desire and passion is Yeе Stop For some reason that we have the same boots boots on now as the Philippines got rangers but earlier on I'm pretty sure that jungle boots on. One of the riskiest procedures for an airborne warrior is to safely exit an aircraft. The force recon jump as teams with split second accuracy. Delays on exit could mean landing miles from your target. Proofs, you're welcome, balon, cagat. Mix it, editor. Only thing you can do. Take in your oil. Clip your elbow. Proper grabbing, reserve. While counting, nest together, speed together and spring up in out. Because if you don't spring, the other side of the aircraft is on the side. 12,000, 12,000, 13,000, 4000. Hop! The landing is done, right? Yes. Use the air pressure to get the air pressure out. The air pressure is complete. The air pressure is complete. The air pressure is complete. The air pressure is complete. This training is for fixed line jumping. A line is attached to the aircraft which automatically releases the parachute as soon as they jump. But things don't always go to play. It's done, okay? It's done, it's done. Go! Mix it, bro. Yo, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Go! Can the air pressure be gone? No, no, no. Can the air pressure be gone? Interesting. Can the air pressure be gone? No, no, no. Go! The next test is to practice the malfunction procedures well being suspended five feet off the ground. They have to react to any of three possible scenarios. Necessary procedures that could someday save their lives. What are landing? Help it disengage. First up is candidate one, one of the senior members of the batch. His performance will set the bar for the others. The first one is the patient's patient. There's a lot of pressure. You can't get it out of the box. Okay. Get together. Mix it, you're going to get it out of the box. Ready? 100,000, 200,000, 300,000. The white flag represents looking up and seeing the parachute open. Three top levels. Treetop level means he needs to release his straps in time for a water landing. Hello, everyone. I'm glad to see you. Alex, stop. He's a very good guy. He's a good guy. He's not that good. He's a good guy. What's wrong with him? If he's going to do something, he's not going to do anything. He's going to be fine. The first recon is always ready. Adapting and surviving in every situation is an essential part of their training, especially in the water. Okay. Straping the legs up under hands looks to me like Navy Seals. American Navy Seals. Yeah. I know what's coming. I haven't seen this, but I know what's coming. To learn how to deal with potential drowning situations, the troops are bound hand in foot and thrown into the sea. I love you, for the sake of the race. I love you for the sake of getting there. If I can't get out of the water, I'll just get out of the water. I'll just get out of the water. The fear of drowning can lead to panic, so the men are first taught to relax. Relax. I'll do it. Next, they will have to learn to control their breathing. And make their way to shore. That looks really hard. 10% of the force recon recruits who take this test are expected to fail. Back at the special ops camp, the airborne courses in the final stage of their ground training. Next, they need to overcome their toughest challenge yet. When airborne soldiers land in high wind conditions, they risk being dangerously dragged for long distances. They must learn how to get out of potential trouble. To practice, 10 men will drag a recruit along the ground to simulate wind drag. To pass, they need to be able to regain control by standing up. They need to be able to get out of the water. They need to be able to get out of the water. They need to be able to get out of the water. They need to be able to get out of the water. They need to be able to get out of the water. They need to be able to get out of the water. They need to be able to get out of the water. They need to be able to get out of the water. They need to be able to get out of the water. Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! They've got just a few meters to force their bodies around. They're going to get out of the water. They're going to get out of the water. It's female recruit 52's turn. At five feet, she is one of the smallest on the course. I'm really happy because I'm happy with the performance. I'm happy with the performance. I'm happy with the performance. I'm happy with the performance. Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Nochālyn. Are you okay, Abe? you're okay once he has got me. Go! We're good friends. Watch out the way. Hope she does it. Behold him! Hold me! Here. I'm going to get a ride. I'm going to get a ride. I'm going to get a ride. I'm going to get a ride. 52 has one last try to get this ride. I hope she does it. I hope she does it. Wow, well done. Good effort. I just got a ride and I was able to ride it. I was able to ride it. I was able to ride it. I was able to ride it. I'm not going to control it. I'm going to get a ride. I'm going to get a ride. I'm going to get a ride. Now, the rest of the men have to prove they can do it too. With all the ground techniques conquered, it's time to take things higher up. Phase 2 moves to this training tower. A massive 60 feet in the air. They call it the Tower of Hell. The Philippine Force Recon is an elite unit that specializes in land, sea, and airborne special operations. Part of what makes them so effective is their expertise in the close quarter combat method, Pakiti Tersha Kali. This Filipino martial art arms the users with a complete strategy to destroy the enemy at close range. The main thing is that they have a little blade, hand guard. This is the main point of the pull guard. There are a lot of people here in the middle of the fight. They say that they can do it in the middle of the fight. They trust the pull guard. At the same time, if they are in the middle of the fight, they can do it. So, if it's practical, they can do it. They always try to do it. So, they can do it. They are the ones who do it. This ancient system of fighting can be traced back to the 1500s. It's elaborate movements were created so they could practice the art in front of their Spanish colonial rulers without causing suspicion. Looking more like a dance than a martial art. Today, these moves are used against a different adversary. I'm going to say this because we have been receiving a year since 1990. There are many people who have been fighting against the Marines. They are the brothers of the Kaba. They are the ones who are the ones who are the brothers of the Kaba. The practice focuses on the proper use of the Philippine Bolo, a long, heavy, single-edged machete. Each thrust is meant to kill. In the 24 hours of the fight, they can't get out of the fight. We have to take the lead. The main thing is the Bolo. The Bolo is used when they are running out of ammunition. They can't get out of the fight. This is what we are doing. We are going to take the lead. The extension of life. We have to take the lead. The Bolo is my life. Close Quarter Combat is a vital part of recon operations, especially in the southern islands of Mindenau, which has been plagued by Islamic insurgency and terrorism for decades. Thousands of well-armed fighters continue a campaign of guerrilla warfare against the state. The current trend is what we foresee in future wars. It's not wars between countries and war, but wars between proxies of these countries. And usually these are insurgents or terrorists. And what you need is highly trained soldiers. We can conduct surgical operations in whatever and whatever place they are. The force recon battalion was called into action when it was assigned to conflict-ridden Mindenau in 2000. Their mission to neutralize the forward defenses of Camp Abu Bacar to clear the way for the rest of the Marine battalions to move in. Master Sergeant Luis Marmo was part of that operation. So our mission is to take our men to the airport. Because the enemy is going to be there. So the enemy is going to be there before the airport. The position is there. We are in the front-down, going to the up. So we are in the up-sila. So our height-out number is there. So we need to take our mission to the right. Using classified tactical maneuvers, they've reached their objective. But three of his comrades died in battle. For the 90 men and women hoping to join the prestigious ranks of the force recon, they're now entering phase two of their airborne course. Here, they must face the dreaded tower of hell, where they will be tested on exiting and malfunction drills, while speeding down a zip line over 100 meters. It's the first time they will find out if they really have what it takes to be airborne. One small step into thin air takes a huge amount of courage. If Vertigo kicks in, they will fail the course. The instruction is there. The riser is there. The riser is there. The back is there. The feeling is there. We are excited. This is the last phase of training. Before the final jump. It's spring up and going to one to four. Grab your reserve, spin your head, and get together. Check your malfunction. Go, go, go, go! Go, go, go! The instructors are looking for 100% confidence when exiting the aircraft, because hesitation could lead to an uncontrollable spin and possible death. This is the moment of truth for candidate one. It's normal to have a ride, but it's still a long ride. It's like you're going to be a fighter. You're going to be a fighter. Go, go, go! 100,000, 300,000, 400,000! Nice. Go, go! There are many different types of machines. Posing, tower, a lot of energy, a lot of energy, a lot of energy, most common in the first day, because we were the week exit. And the grading of reserve. So it's not that hard to perform. Because they are the ones who are going to do this one week to be able to do the jump week. Alongside proper techniques, the instructors have come up with their own special remedy to help spur on the nervous recruits. What is it? We are going to do this in the evening to get the rope. We are going to have a very good time. We are going to have a very good time. It's a very good time. candidate six is one of the lucky first to try. We are going to put a lipstick to put it on the camera. One, one, we are going to have a ride. The girls are sure. Go! Is it anything? Not up no, no, let's go. Let's go. At the end of the zip line, a rope stops the recruits from hitting the trees. Next up is female recruit 22, one of the seven women trying to make the grade. But she's in trouble. Pitch it in there. Pitch it in there. Damn conditions are making it difficult to stop. Ooh. Hello, why? We are going to have a ride. We are going to have a ride. We are going to have a ride. We are going to have a ride. We are going to have a ride. We are going to have a ride. We are going to have a ride. These men of the Force Recon are the first amongst equals. Of the 9,000 Marines today, only 300 have earned the right to wear this badge of honor. But they only get there that they successfully pass some of the toughest training in the Philippine Armed Forces. When forward observers need to be sent far behind enemy lines, the Force Recon battalion send their eight men teams. But they don't go alone. They're joined by a deadly team of Marine Scout Snipers. Nice. They are the top priority units in the Philippine Armed Forces. They are the ones who have the right to wear these. The Marine Scout Snipers are masters of camouflage and marksmanship. Nice. Living up to their motto, one shot, one kill. One kill. To pass the final stage of sniper training, they must put their own lives on the line. This is the confidence firing test. A mistake in this live fire exercise doesn't just mean failing the course. It could mean instant death for their calm, radon arms. Oh my God. This is worse than the Philippine Scout. It's designed to replicate the psychological pressure of a real operation. Oh my God. I know the way to do it. I know the way to do it. That's it. 50% of sniper trainees fail this sharpshooting course. Either by not making the grade or backing out on this final confidence test. The members of the airborne class are in week four, the towering phase. This stage is key in perfecting the proper exiting procedure from an aircraft. Each day, the challenge of carrying more gear has been added. This is a quick release. It's a very good one. It's a very good release. It's a good release because it's a good one. It's a good one. Today, the jump has to be made wearing full combat gear, all 15 kilograms and carrying a weapon. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. Bring up your hands. Elbow clip. Head back in. All certain. All certain. All certain. It's a good one. The example of the rifle or the pack, the same as the one on the ground. The proper damage of the reserve. The one that we mentioned earlier, the one that will be the elbow sticking out, the reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve in the village. That's it. It's a good release. It's a good release. The reserve you need to reserve. Traveling at over 35 kilometers an hour, there is it much time to think. Everything has to be done by instinct or there won't be enough time to pull your reserve and save your life. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. The reserve you need to reserve. So, you need to reserve. So, you need to reserve. So, you need to reserve. So, you need to reserve. So, you need to reserve. You need to reserve. You need to reserve. It's good. It is the last day before the jump, and the airborne class is putting in some last minute practice. Letيل. Wait for me. I'm going to go to the ocean and go. Check in the pain and pick up a roll. Hanto. Hanto. Hanto. Hanto. Hanto. Hanto. I'm far positional. I'm so very big at the phone. As they contemplate the final hours before their last test, the recruits share some lighter moments. It's keen strengthening the ties of brotherhood amongst Marines. This is the training of the Marisa Pakeira. But they are still training after the training. So we are in the sea and we are in the forest. So I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I'm just not. I'm just not. I'm just not. Depending on these bombs is how the elite teams overcome enemy forces. It is a matter of life and death. Because behind enemy lines, the only thing they can depend on is each other. The recruits may have conquered their fear of the tower, but things are about to get tougher. All their weeks of training will be put to the test. And this time, if they make the same mistakes, they could pay the ultimate price. In the Philippines, an elite force was formed to counter the nation's communist and Islamist insurgencies. They are the Marine Force recon battalion, who are ready to take action at any moment on land, sea and air. Quick reaction falls. The day they have all been training for has arrived. It is jump week. Today, it is fly or fail. The recruits will have to exit from an aircraft at 1,500 feet and land safely a total of five times in order to earn their silver wings. If you are not convinced, you will be able to get two seconds from the government. Yes, sir. But that is just a monitor. They will be jumping out of a bell UH-1 helicopter. This aircraft is used to drop troops into remote areas for an assault, taking the enemy by surprise. The drop zone looks like any area of scrub land. But if you are coming at it from 1,500 feet, it is a minefield of potential hazards. It is a minefield. Despite five weeks of training, their first jump from the aircraft is exposing all of their mistakes. What is the best jump? I hope you will get a nice stomachache and you will be able to get better. I hope you will get better. I hope you will get better. I hope you will be able to get better. I hope you will get better. You are going to get better. You are going to jump. You are going to jump. True to being a Marine, they have to be ready for anything, even landing on unexpected terrain. What happened last night? Do you want to leave? We are putting out the supplies for discussed. I will give you subscribe this mission. It is good for us to take pictures, compared to the trade wave. So, like Andrea was speaking, we paid back money with INTH. Despite the unconventional landing, we're crewed 34 passes and moves on to his next jump. But for one recruit, this is his last jump for a long time. His right leg is broken, and it will be another two years before it's strong enough for him to jump again. The rest of the airborne class is getting the hang of it. But there is a problem. Training has been stopped. We didn't have to do the entire schedule of the aircraft. We had to do the same for the rest of the day. The rest of the day, the rest of the day, the rest of the day, the rest of the day, the rest of the day, the rest of the day, the rest of the day. The aircraft has been called away to an operation in Isabella Northern Philippines. The conflict this time, coming from the country's 40-year struggle with communist insurgents. It's not easy to make the most of the time to get out of the plane. It's a very serious situation, it's a very basic training of the dumpers, and then wait for tomorrow. With just a jump away from receiving the coveted silver wings, all the recruits can do is wait nervously. Nobody knows if they'll have the chance to pass the course, or if this conflict means all their hard work will be for nothing. I guess they'll get it done and pass out. It is the final week of the airborne course. After days of waiting, the recruits finally have a chance to complete the five jumps to earn their wings. Okay, next is the thing, it's the first jumper jumper jumper. Oh, pass out this time. It's not easy. There are four jumps, the 51 jumpers, and the three jumps are per day. Just as the first team jump, strong winds halt the training. This weather is the most dangerous time for jumping, and one recruit is missing. We're going to get the two of us together. We're going to be able to get the wings back. The wind has caught recruit one. It's a small injury, but with a strong wind, it could have been much easier. We're going to get the wings back. We're going to get the wings back. This is a big blow. The wind has caught recruit one. It's a small injury, but with a strong wind, it could have been much worse. Finally, a break in the weather. Recruits 52, 6, and the rest of their group are on their final jump. The last two jumps are over. I think we have a lot of jumps. We have qualified airworts. We're going to get the wings back. We're going to get the wings back. I have just arrived. I'm going to get the wings back. I'm going to get the wings back. Look at that. We're going to get the wings back. It's a big blow. They're going to get the wings back. It's a small injury, but with a strong wind, it could have been much worse. We're going to get the wings back. We're going to get the wings back. The wings are going to be open. This is the moment they've all been working towards. They're fifth and final jump. The one that will finally earn them their silver wings. That looks insane. They just couldn't all land it correctly and passed the course. Their feast. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. No! No! No! And Sarapu, for the time being, I was just kidding. The moment you jump, but the moment you jump, I'm really scared. Sarapu is really scared, so I can't go. Sarapu, get out of here! After six weeks of intense physical and mental training, they have now earned the right to be called, Airborne. Right up from the sea! Airborne! Airborne! This is a ritual. Welcome to Airborne Family. So basically, you get your pins, stuck into your chest. If you don't have it, you can do it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Sihun. Airborne! This is the first time you've seen this a very interesting video. This is the Philippines. Red blood. Let's go, Tripai! Airborne! Airborne! Airborne! Thank you very much. I'm really looking forward to the real fight. I hope you will be able to get your pins on the map. Yeah, I really enjoyed this video. Slightly different to the Philippines' scout ranges, but still enjoyed it. So basically, I'm guessing from what I've seen, it's the shown one part of actual Marine Force Recon training, which is the Airborne Jums. If you enjoyed this video, consider subscribing. Leave a comment. I will try and reply if it's within the first couple of days. And also, if you enjoyed this video, give it a like. It really helps the channel. Thanks very much guys, and I'll see you in the next video. Take care.