 Hello and welcome to the Philippines. Travel. Are we getting any closer to being able to travel? Three foreigners were recently turned away at the Mactown airport. I'll tell you a little bit about that. Tell you a little about there. They're starting to loosen up on some of the quarantine requirements. So maybe that is just a little step very little step in the right direction. I'll talk a little bit about the logistics that we face going forward and question for everybody. It doesn't this all have to end some time. Sooner or later, the nations of the world have to understand. They're going to have to live with this, deal with it. Try to protect the most vulnerable and there are the most vulnerable groups. The age of those with comorbidities. Some of you will say, no, it's never going to end. This is part of a program. To help control people, to make them not only control them, but to track them. And there are a lot of tracking systems going into place as we speak. Others will say that, yeah, yeah, it has to end. Others some think that it's good if it never ends. But in the end, the world economy suffers, but the world economy is made up of individuals, made up of people who have lost their livelihoods, who have lost family members to other issues because of the lockdowns. Anyway, let me get into the news before I get on a long rant here. Love does not conquer all. There were three foreigners all with romantic interest from the Philippines were turned away on their rival at MacTan, Cebu International Airport recently after they failed to present ballot entry visas according to the Bureau of Immigration. Two of the passengers in Australia and in Germany were turned back by immigration officers on Tuesday after arriving from Singapore. The third passenger, an American, was turned back after he arrived on Saturday, October 2 from Los Angeles, USA. Two of the foreigners said their spouses were Filipinos who were not traveling with them. While the third foreigner said he was here to visit his Filipino fiancee, all three claimed not to know that they were supposed to get a visa before traveling to the Philippines. These incidents prompted the BI Commissioner to remind foreign nationals that the Philippines is still closed to foreign tourists due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and that only aliens with valid and existing visas are allowed entry. Morente advised tourists or temporary visitors coming to the Philippines for business, humanitarian or other meritorious reasons to apply for 9A visas and entry exemption documents from any Philippine embassy or Consulate abroad. You need to go to the embassy or Consulate in the country that you're from and apply for the proper visas before coming here. You cannot just show up and say, hey, I'm married. Morente said airlines also have a responsibility to check the foreigners who booked their flights to the Philippines have valid visas. To these guys have to pay for their flight back, I would presume so. Airlines are subjected to administrative fines if they board and properly documented via where that goal. Airlines are subjected to very bottom down there. Airlines are subject to administrative fines if they board and properly documented nationals for nationals. Hence, we wish to reiterate the importance of property documentation to avoid such incidents. He did not name the airlines involved in the incident. Alright, jumping over to Philstar.com. Philippines OK is New Quarantine Protocols for Travelers from Green Yellow Countries. October 8th, 2021. So let's go down here and just take a look. Unfortunately, we will not apply to most of you, but for some of you. Philippines on Friday started implementation of shorter quarantine protocols for international travelers coming from countries classified as low risk and moderate risk for COVID-19. And you know, it's interesting because I've checked travel sites and each country has their own list. And they have different ways of categorizing countries. And of course, if like Fiji is allowing, I think Australia is going to be on their green list. Well, that's where a lot of their tourists come from. So they're going to target people. What generally there's a large group of people that come from a particular country. And you would think the Philippines would be looking at that also, but it doesn't appear so as we get down into their list. Fully vaccinated individuals from green, low risk and yellow, moderate risk nations and jurisdictions needs to undergo facility based quarantine until release of their negative RT PCR test results taken on the fifth day. So they got to stay at least five days and then wait a day or two or three for the results. They will then be required to undergo home quarantine until their tenth day. The day their arrival will be considered the day of arrival will be considered their first day. Meanwhile, unvaccinated, partially vaccinated or individuals whose vaccination status cannot be independently verified or confirmed as valid or authentic by local authorities. Coming from green or yellow countries will undergo facility based quarantine until the release of the PCR taken on the seventh day. After that, they need to undergo home quarantine until their 14th day. Four in nationals are required to secure their own pre-bucked to combination of at least six days for the full inoculated. Four in nationals are required to secure their own pre-bucked to combination of at least six days for the fully inoculated and at least eight days for the unvaccinated. They are required to secure their own pre-bucked to combination of at least six days for the fully inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inree and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for fully vaccinated and inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for the full inoculated and at least eight days for extra inoculated and where they were ideally infiraated inoculated. Her first applied medicine vaccine has more than 80% until 31.19 and close. espnвонx diagnosed a quick illness from mildepathy tha光mi highwayxia was provided within 94% of Wortes died in classes per day through 16 years back from or a separate arrangement, or B-O-Q issued I-C-V for non-OFWs and foreigners fully vaccinated abroad. Here is the red, yellow, and green countries. Red list, Bermuda. So only one on the red list. Presently, green list. And you can read down there. Let's see. New Zealand is on the green list. And I don't have a lot of subscribers from some of these other countries. All listed. Island Tech Countries. Syria. Syria is on the green list. That's interesting. All other countries and territories are on the yellow list. Logistics, inclusivity, discrimination, or non-discrimination. I'm going to get into more of the logistics later. How does the industry and nations all of a sudden start bringing in tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions of people, again, after shutting down the world's economies going on, what, 19 months going? How does that happen? Global logistics involved. Very difficult. Anyway, inclusivity. There are number, I think, the nations in the European Union, for instance, the Travel Association, which includes the airlines, for some time, have been trying to come up with various types of passes, which, of course, they discriminate and are not inclusive. But there are three categories that help include most people, but not everybody. There's those who have been vaccinated. The problem is different countries accept different vaccinations. Now, in fact, Israel, and I'm sure other countries will do the same thing. Those who had two vaccinations, they're fully vaccinated, their vaccination, their travel passes no longer any good within Israel, because now they require the third booster shot. And will there be a fourth and a fifth and a sixth? Will it go on forever? How did you get in my video? I'm not sure. Anyway, there are these various passes around the world, the European Union, the travel industry. There are three categories that they list. Those who have had the virus and have recovered have natural immunity. They have antibodies. They've built up. There are several studies, very large studies now, and even quotes from scientists, some of the pharmaceutical companies, that your natural immunity probably gives you a much greater number of antibodies than the vaccines do. Quote from scientists, some of the pharmacy companies. And there's very, very large studies that say the same thing. You have natural immunity. It gives you a greater number of antibodies. And they probably last much longer. Maybe a lifetime. So that is one category. And a category that the pharmacy industry and some of the governments are fighting, because they want everybody to get back to regardless, which doesn't make any sense at all. The second category is if you've recovered, well, that's the first category. The second one is if you show a negative test, just like to travel many places in the Philippines, different parts of the world, you've had to show a negative test that will allow you to get a pass to travel. And the third category is somebody who has been vaccinated with one of the approved vaccinations. Now the other issue there is that the effectiveness, efficacy, I think, of the vaccines is waning after about six months. It appears that's what I read in the mainstream news. And those of you who only read the mainstream news, I suggest you go and check out some alternative news sites because there's a whole lot of information out there that is being censored. And it is just so bizarre, the world that we live in, that Facebook is the biggest thief here, and that they're stealing and they're censoring so much of the scientific and medical discussions. So they're stealing the discussions, the free discussions, the free speech from the populations. So going forward, what we're going to find is the old vaccines. Many of you have been double-backed. In a period of time they will be obsolete as new and better quote unquote better vaccines come online. I think Merck and others some are coming out with nasal sprays that are a vaccine, the Japanese and some other country. They're coming up with, I think Merck is coming up with a pill. I watched one medical explanation and say it works much like Iver Meckton in fact. So what's going to happen is your past that's good today isn't good next week or next month. So anyway, at some point in time, you're thinking person has to say, well, there's a certain point where you shouldn't have to have any vaccine pass to travel. Going forward, right now, and there are hundreds of millions of people all over the world who've recovered from the virus. So that should be a big factor in deciding travel and plans in the future. Now getting on to some of the logistics of how do you open up these countries? How fast can you open up these countries? Let's talk about the Philippines. It is far too late in the year for the Philippines to gain much economic benefit from the Christmas season, travel, the tourist season, which is usually November, December, January, February and even into March because if you said today, tomorrow, which isn't going to happen, that we're open. People can come in, even from Korea where most tourists come, China and the various nations around the world. The airlines have to gear up. The hotels, resorts have to gear up. They've been closed for over a year and a half. They have to hire people. They have to train people. The airlines are understanding, they're starting to say, if you're not, Vax can't work. 30% of the airline pilots probably are not Vaxed. I've not been vaccinated according to what I've read, but one airline. And probably you're not going to get vaccinated. So you're laying off hundreds and thousands of people from the same companies you require to get the economy back rolling again, the travel industry. Now getting back to Philippines specific logistics, this article is about OFWs overseas. Filipino workers returning. No shortage of quarantine facilities. And you go down to the bottom paragraph there. There are about 10,000 OFWs staying in 178 quarantine hotels. We can still accommodate more who will be coming home, especially during the Christmas season. And let's jump forward here. But let's go down here just a little bit. Usually what we consider as critical level is when the OFWs in quarantine reaches 15,000. And we're far from that figure. Now my understanding is that the airports, primarily the Manila Airport, NAIA and Cebu Airport are where international travelers are coming in presently, Filipinos and foreign travelers. And they're allowing about 2,000 people per day. Now multiply 2,000 passengers a day, times seven days, what do you get? 14,000. Well, they have 15,000 rooms available, apparently. Now maybe they are separate from what you would consider other foreigners. Maybe there are other hotels that take on non- OFWs. So I'm not sure there. But you imagine if they're only going to take about, if they're limited to 2,000 a day, there's a logistics issue. And you're going to require quarantine. Well, where are you going to put all these people? There is probably some pent-up demand. Once the government says here are in Thailand or any place in the world. Once the government can be trusted and tell the people we are open and we're going to deal with this. The more restrictions, the more requirements that they continue to have, the fewer travelers, tourist expats, they're going to have coming in and helping for the economy to recover. Obviously, Thailand has found that they have tried a number of different ways to attract, especially rich, what they call rich affluent tourists, and pretty much all their efforts have fallen flat on their face. So in the final analysis, even if they, well, it's not going to happen, they're not going to say tomorrow, we're open. It's going to take many, many months. And then the logistics of actually getting things open is going to take additional months. All of you who have prepared for this are going to have to go through other steps as time goes on. New variants come about. New vaccines. The old ones will be dropped off probably. New ones will be required. The Philippines has a tremendous potential and a lot to offer to the tourists, to the expat in their many, many islands and just like Thailand does in other countries. They could take advantage of that potential or they can just blow it. They can just let that recovery pass right over them. And the potential money spending foreigners will find some place else to go. There's lots of options. The more difficult you make it, the more restrictive, the more requirements you make it as you raise costs. I expect some of the costs of travel are going to go up. The prices are going up. As they demand, as they've shut down much of their industry, as demand exceeds capacity, they can raise their rates. Governments will be raising tourist fees. Thailand is going to add a, I think, a 500-bott, some tourist tax or something like that. Which isn't a whole lot, but it's. It's another cost involved in travel. So those are some of the things that are going to happen. Anyway, for all of you who have bought tickets, plenty of tickets in the near future, you know there is hope out there, but nothing's going to happen tomorrow or next month. Hopefully soon. And I wish you all safe travels. And especially those who need to get reunited with family members and those sorts of things. Anyway, thanks for coming along. Take care, stay safe, and I'll see you next time.