 Hello, hello, hello, this is Tom, Domino's Philophenie Adventures. You know, as a foreigner coming to another country, you know, sometimes you may ask yourself, what are the rights? What are the rights that you have as a foreigner in the Philippines and what are, what are something happens and are you going to be safe? Safety. In fact, I looked at this Congress, they actually, I'm in the, in the Bill of Rights here. The foreigners in the Philippines are entitled to the benefits of the individual rights secured in the Philippines Bill. The question was asked to me, what rights do you have if you have property there and your wife owns the property, what rights do she have and what rights do you have as a foreigner to gain part of that? Well, she owns the property no matter what. When you buy that property, she's going to own the property. Now you can own the house above the property and you can actually put that in writing and have that in writing with an attorney. The rights are that anything, anything land is, it's like anything else. Some of it, a lot of islands are that way that whatever country that you're in, the locals have the land and you have maybe a house or other articles, cars, vehicles, machinery, a farm equipment, things like that. If you use a farm equipment to tell the land that is still can be owned by you. If you purchase the items, she purchases it and she can prove it, but there you go. A lot of Americans are what they're doing. They find themselves sometimes maybe in sick situations and the reason they find themselves is they come here with rose-throwed glass and things everything's going to be okay. And it is most of the time, but there are times where you may find yourself that you bought a vehicle and she may have paid the vehicle and she owns the vehicle even though you paid for it. And it's in her name, she owns the vehicle and less until you go to court and until it sells elsewhere, it's like it is in the US. So if you're a foreigner here in the Philippines in 1902, what they did, they, the rights of the Constitution and according to the principal's, according to the Constitution, as extended to the Philippine islands by the Presidents' instructions and by the Philippine Gulf, foreigners are entitled to the protection of their life, liberty and property. Now that's property that you may own except for land and some of that. A lot of times people are under the impression that if they paid for it, they own it. It's theirs. Being a foreigner in a different country, it's not as it is in USA. In a foreigner here, you, you own what you purchase that's in your name. If it's in your wife's name, she owns it. There is no offensive but it's about it. It's hers. If I, that van is in her name. That's Bruce Van. I had them put in that name. I didn't say Tom and Ruth. I said, put it in your name. I trust you. You want to keep the van? Keep the van. You know what I mean? It's not like that. So, same thing with the house. She owns the land. I own the house. She owns the van. She owns the garden stuff. She owns everything in that nature, right? But here, here's where the complication comes in. The mentality sometimes is a couple guys, Steve W. is, he's from Macau, California, is here. And there's a stickler about some things. The relationship did not go as well as he thought it was going to. Six months later, he's married. They're married for just a month or so. She found herself an unfamiliar territory. He's going to have to sell a seat. What do I own and what I don't know? What's in her name and what's in your name? A lot of times you can request a court to sell everything and split it accordingly. But if she has the land and she decides not to sell the land, she may not sell the land. And there's so many guys getting trouble that way. They're sending money here and sending money and sending money. And you guys know the story of the guy that sent to a quarter of a million dollars here. And he has a quarter of a million dollars. And he found himself a quarter of a million dollars gone. And we're all the things. The house, the car, the the fernry, the garden center, the pickery, all the sorry, sorry store, the bakery shop, we're all that money go. Well, she owns all of it. Because it's all in her name because he gave the money freely. Once you give the money freely, and she grabs it and she puts it in her name. Now he has to go to court to fight that. Well, they overturn that. It's entirely up the court system. You have to fight that on your own. And it's entirely up to the judge. I don't know. I really don't know. But I know that a lot of times people don't realize that that is something that you really have to be aware of. Olmer is eating something. Get it. Get that. He's always eating something. Excuse me for the delay. Why is it is always delay when I'm around here, right? So we find yourselves in that unfamiliar territory on what you actually don't want you to know, even though you paid for it doesn't mean that you own it. And I want to get that clear. So many times, guys, things that, well, I bought the motorcycle. I bought her a motorcycle. I bought her an in-max. I paid $150,000 in pay so far. $3,000. And it's mine. Well, no, it's not yours. You may have paid for it, but this is someone else's name. And the tags in someone else's name. So they own the bike. So make that clear that if you find yourself down the road, whether it's six months or a year, you better get that worked out now, whether relationship is good and get that worked out. Say, honey, if something happens to God for this, who gets what? Who gets to keep what? Who gets to sell what? And then we're going to have to go to court to fight all of it. Now some Filipino will say, I'll just split it with you. But there are a lot of Filipino will not say it. They aren't splitting anything with you. It's mine. I earned it. You know, and that's their mindset. Well, that's what happened to Steve here. He says that she and her mindset, she earned it. Well, how does she earn it? It's my money. And there's a large sum of money. It's like $80,000 US, or a million, pay so. And that will offset you a lot. That will put a man sometimes in bankruptcy in that situation. Luckily, he's okay financially, but he took a hit. And in his mind, what should I do? I said, well, you take her to court. You don't have to get an attorney, take her to court, and find it. So are you separated? Yes, we're separated. I left the house. I said, okay, seek legal advice. Go seek legal advice. And I'll give you an idea on what's going on. You never really know what's going on. You never really know what's going to happen in those situations. You always have to really take your time and think about things before you commit to a long-term relationship. I don't want to tell you how many people have written me and told me and even though my channel was down, I've still got them. And now the guys like Steve this morning, Paul Pickard, it sent me a message this morning in the same situation. I always get the negative, but then they get the positive. And the couple of guys message me this morning. The comments, I five to the guys. The relationship's going fantastic. Mark got here. He's over in Jinsand and relationship is perfect. He's set. So that makes it really nice and content. And you really don't really realize it. You really do have to take the time. Think about those things before you commit to a relationship and make sure you have that all planned out. Because you never know exactly what's going to happen. If you're here all learning the background, you just want to go out. If he's wanting to go out, he's wanting to go out. A handful, handful. God bless everybody. Thank you so much for always coming on videos. And thank you so much for this wonderful, wonderful day in the stream and video. And I'm watching him at the same time.