 It's crazy, it's crazy to me. What? I really learned a lot about this video. Hello! And... What's up Philippines? Welcome to a brand new reaction video guys. This is Nelly. I'm my... Which travel food at last time, August. It's 10pm. I'm Nelly. You tricked me. Welcome to our reaction channel. This is video number three with filming today. So we already are very... Full of endorphins because we're after a lot of videos. And we are still... Oh, no. We are again in ECQ, home quarantine. Back to ECQ. More tattoos. We're back to videos. If you don't know as our main channel, making it happen, the vlog is linked right up here on that channel. You find some really, really fun travel videos from all around the world and all over the Philippines, some food videos. And just our daily lives, so definitely check that out. In the description box, we'll find out by the group where we share some fun and insightful information with you guys. And you will also... We share all the secrets that we have not yet spoken about. And you will also find a link where you can send your video recommendations to react to. But Nelly, what are we reacting to today? Okay, today we are reacting to 10 surprising facts about the Philippines. And I wonder... I wonder how many of those facts are surprising to us? Because we have been to many places. I've seen a lot of things, experienced a lot of the culture and life here. So... I don't know. Take a guess in the comments. Be honest. How many of you skip forward past that whole thing that I do painfully at the beginning of every video? The reason why we're doing it is because a lot of new people come to the channel every time we publish a video and they don't know us. So we have to repeat everything 100 times. So apologies for that. You know, we always have it to see from that perspective. So let us know. Do you skip or do you watch? I do. I do. You can just... Alright Nelly, jump into the video. Okay. The place that is known across the globe as one of the friendliest nations around. The Philippines has become quite the destination over the last 10 years, seeing more and more tourists flock there for the incredibly crystal blue waters, remote islands, and the freshest coconuts in the world. I was lucky enough to travel to the Philippines a few years ago and felt like I was surrounded by a beautiful oasis. It's actually the perfect place to get your scuba diving license if you're ever interested. I did. And it was a great experience. So if you've ever been, drop your comments below to let us know what some of your favorite parts of the Philippines are. In today's video, we'll be looking at 10 surprising facts about the Philippines. I hope you'll enjoy today's facts. I definitely learned some new things while researching some of the fun bits of information. Fact number 10. The Philippines is the 13th most populous country in the world. Oh, I know. The Philippines is the most populous country in Asia, which is actually quite impressive, considering its size. In July 2014, the Philippines welcomed its 100 million citizen. Interestingly, the annual growth rate of the country is about 2%. Which makes it amongst the fastest growing countries in the world. I've never wondered where the beautiful country the Philippines got its name from. Well, the islands were actually named after King Philip II of Spain. The Philippines has had a lot of influence from other countries over the years, especially from the empire of Spain. All my shopping lovers, this fact is for you. Filipinos are actually big fans of a good shopping mall. Out of the top 10 largest shopping malls in the world, three are found in the Philippines. The M M M M M M M North Edsa and the M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M Asia. I can see Asia. I can see the first shop of a holiday fans getting ready to book their flights for some solid retail therapy. Now, when you envision the Philippines' geographical makeup, what do you see? Well, did you know that the entire landmass of the Philippines is made up of islands? Yep. Which actually makes it amongst the top archipelagos in the world. Fact number six. As a result of Spanish colonization, the Philippines' predominant religion is Christianity. 90% of the country actually practices Protestant Christianity and the other vast majority practice Roman Catholicism. Now, for all of you foodies out there, if you travel to the Philippines, you will not be able to leave without trying one of their freshest famous exports, the coconut. Otherwise known by the locals as Bucco. I was very surprised to learn that the Philippines produces and exports more coconuts than any country in the world. Wow. 9, 2.5 million tons of this fruit alone. That's amazing. That's a lot of coconuts. Alright, our next fact is to talk about the cheap needs. They are a classic and unique mode of transportation in the country. They are a really fun, bright and convenient form of transportation that many Filipinos used daily to get around. Even local cabs can be seen in the form of a jeepney. If you've ever seen one, get ready for the sight of these incredible little trucks. After the Second World War, the Philippine Jeepney was created from the idea of the GIG American soldiers brought over to the country in the 1940s. Alright, let's get into the more social side of things. And the Filipinos are some of the most social and amongst the top textures in the world. It was actually reported in 2009 that 1.39 billion SMS messages were being sent within the Philippine's daily. The country was one of the earliest spots to adopt the method of text messaging for communication, earning the title, text capital of the world from the mid-90s to the early 2000s. Understandably, Filipinos are celebrated for their social nature, being well-known for their warm and welcoming family and friend-oriented values. For all of you sports lovers out there, this next fact is for you. Filipinos are in fact huge basketball fanatic. If you've ever been to the Philippines, you'll know this fact to be true. And if you ever plan to visit, get ready to see basketball and NBA paraphernalia everywhere. It is not uncommon for many of the young boys to be sporting popular American NBA team jerseys. And to find a batch of all games going on around pretty much every corner. Basketball courts can be found in just about every town and Filipinos make it a priority to set up leagues at community halls. The Philippines Basketball Association, or PBA, is actually the second oldest in the world after the NBA. I had no idea. Interestingly enough, many Filipinos actually get the opportunity to go and play in American colleges and then bring back their experiences to their home country to play in the PBA league. Alright, bringing us down to fact number one. We're about 175 languages spoken in the Philippines. What? 171 of them being considered to be living languages. The other four tribal dialects have recently been reported to have no known living speakers. Some of the dialects you might hear are Tagalog, Bikolano, Huawei, and Kapan Pangan. The country's official languages are Filipino, which is based on Tagalog and English. Actually, the Philippines is the fifth largest English speaking nation after the U.S., India, Pakistan and the UK. So guys, thanks for tuning in to today's 10 interesting facts about the Philippines. Tell me what was the most surprising about that. How many languages do we have in Austria? 1. 1. Well, we have dialects. We have dialects. I don't know if she counted the languages. We have 1-Langowadja. I don't know if she counted the languages as dialect. I know it's quite true. Let us know in the comments down below. But I really learned a lot with this video. It explains that basketball, how to say, fanbase here, the texting, everybody that we know every Filipino, sends messages all the time. It's always connected with family and friends. And the Philippines is not social media country number one in the world. Yes, and it's just the coconuts. We know we have a lot of coconuts, but it makes such a huge amount of export. It's crazy. It's crazy to me. I've seen these coconut trucks driving around filled with coconut water, delicious. And I said to them, Actually, you know you could use coconuts to create fuel. Yes. Yes. But yeah, I saw those trucks filled with coconut water and I said to my, this would be worth billions in the US. And it probably is. She means coconut oil. Anyway, guys, if you enjoyed today's video, be sure to give it a thumbs up. If you knew around here, subscribe. Turn on the notifications. And just some photos here on the channel. Also, check out all the links in the description box below and we'll see you guys. Next time on... What's up Philippines? Bye-bye. You