 Music Good morning guys welcome back to another video. We just got some cash out in the supermarket. We suggest we do something really exciting and we're going to be hiking up the town of Okno. But first we need to work out how you have to get there and how to get the boat across the lake. We're outside the front of the forum all now. It is very very hot this morning. I think we're going to do that ourselves rather than put the tour. We're going to get a try school down to where you get the boat. Find a boat man getting take us across and then we're not going to get a guide, high and a carpet ourselves so I spit the adventure. We're not really appropriately dressed for it again because it is really really hot. But yeah we're going to bring you with us. It might go right, it might go wrong we'll have to find out. Music We've got our e-triacy pool. We're going down to Talisa. I think it takes about 30 minutes to get there. We've got 150 pesos one way. Obviously I have to pay it back and then I think they have a tourism centre where you can enjoy your boat. Obviously where there's two of us we're going to cost a little bit more because the boat fits up to like seven people. Music We've arrived in the town of Talisa. It's actually in Batanga so I didn't realise we're not one of the boat in stations. We've got it there, we're going to 2,500 for boat fast return. We're going to have to get down to 2,000. There's an environmental fee when we get there and I think it takes about 25 minutes by boat to get there because it's all over my legs. 25 minutes. We've got to fill in a form so they know who's on the boat. It's nice, like a cute little town here. Music And we are on the boat. I think it takes about 25 to 30 minutes to get to the bottom of the volcano and from there he said it could be about a 30 to 45 minutes walk but that depends on how fast we walk. We've got to wear our life jackets. Very fashionable and we're going. Music We are moving with that. It's very windy. It's actually got quite a strong current on here. I didn't think it would be in a lake where we're flying across. You wouldn't think it is a lake, you would think you're on the ocean here. But we're not heading to the main crater that you can see at the front. We're actually heading to the main lake which is in the centre because it's like a volcano within a lake within a volcano within a lake. It's all very confusing. Music Music So we made it off the boat. That was actually such a fun journey. It is vacant. Do you think it's much hot on the island for my view? It does feel a lot hotter. Oh we have half hour across. It's that. Well it's about half an hour I think. I had time when it's so quickly because it was so much fun. There is a coffee shop here. It's a Starbucks. It's a Starbucks. It's just so funny. We've gone into like a little, it's nice. Like a little green with shops. Couple of little restaurants. A little towel volcano sign there. If you want to get one if you're a proper tourist. But we're going into the tourist information centre. Where we have to pay our environmental fee which I think is a hundred each. We've made a really bad decision also. We did not bring sun cream. We did actually put some on the back of our necks. Before we came to avoid getting sunstroke but I know where did I think it was going to be this hot. It is absolutely boiling. We're obviously walking. Some people opt to get the horses up. I know. That's very fair lights. Boiling hot. Up mountain. Not really the best so we're definitely be opting for the walking. And on our own without a guide. We're now on the right path. I believe you can walk for a nice little village. Things like that. They're very helpful. Put us on the right path up. I think you just have to follow the horse poo. Yeah I think that's the best way to go. Just follow the horse poo because you know the horses have been up. We've underestimated it a bit, haven't we? Oh my god, so much. It is so. I didn't expect it to be like it's a workout purely because it's steep. Not that it's hard. I wouldn't say it's like a hard one. I think anyone can do it. But it's just very steep. And very, very hot. But we've made it to the first light viewpoint. We've come around. Up over. Tell Lake. Look at that. That is incredible. Absolutely incredible view that is. But I think we are the only ones that have actually decided to walk. Everyone else is getting the horses. I must say as well the horses actually do looking really good condition. A lot like them again. They look really well looked off though. Well fed, well watered all in the shade if they're not well working. You also have a different like track full horses which is a lot easier and more horse friendly. It is seriously view point central. This is viewpoint number 200 and god knows what. It is unbelievable. On this little man made wooden. What would you call it? View point. View point. It is a view point. You did just say that. But look at the view. And you can actually see the wind residents from here all the way up. Somewhere up the top here. Which is crazy because you must think what the view is looking down on here. I think this view is so much better anyway. Also I don't know if it's just me but the trees are so green. It reminds me a little bit of Thailand here. It just looks like it's been an editing scene. It's really similar. It looks a little bit like Pp. Yeah just the way that it's all like it's just so green. It's just beautiful. Really nice. But we've still got a go. To make it to the lake. Keep getting overtaken by all the horses. The only two people going for the hike. But these guys just keep on flying past us. So hot. You can see you're getting nearer to the top. All the lazy people. Not us. Me and Molly. But here, get the smoke in. I think it's actually the last place at Arokto as well. And that was in 1991. Somewhere around this bit. So this bit here is absolutely boiling hot. The sulfur or whatever it is that makes it steam. It's boiling hot and it is burning my legs. It's definitely active. And this is literally where it last erupted. And now if you can see, but it's smoking along here. I presume that is like the sulfur. And it is extremely hot. And we are up. Definitely made the right decision walking. It's like a gym workout where the only people working. No thank you. There are a few more steps here at the top. You've got all the horses resting. Sort of in the shade, which isn't too bad. But literally, with the last few steps here. Oh wow, I'm going to see the crata. Oh my god, I've just had to basically take a seat here. But look at the view. From up here, the lake is so green. It's like an emerald colour. And around the surface you can see smoke coming off the red bits as well. So it's definitely still active in that sense. This is crazy. The crata. It's even bigger than I thought. And it was like a town that's underneath there from like the 1700s. Crazy, you've got a lake within an island. Within a volcano. Within a lake. For a volcano. It makes no sense. But it is incredible. The colours are just, it's like emerald green. I'm so pleased we walked. It's so much more raw. And it's like a mountain. It's like a mountain. It's like a mountain. It's like a mountain. It's like a mountain. It's like a mountain. It's like a mountain. I'm so pleased we walked. It's so much more raw than when you get to the top here and walk. Walk, don't get the horse, trust me. You'll like enjoy it a lot more. I hope the drone shots the justice. I can't tell it's so high up up here. It doesn't even look like the drones moving. Ridiculous. A couple of viewpoints. Few little restaurants. It's incredible. And it looks, I don't know if you can take a boat or go on there now. I don't know if it's too hot the water in there. I think it's too hot in the sea. If you know, like, come in below. It looks like you can see like sulfur around the sides. Incredible. But I think we're going to go up there in a minute because there's a little viewpoint. We've made it. I can't believe it. You get a 360 view. You've got all the way back up there. Tagayatai, Tallahassee, the lake, part of the volcano, in again, and into the main crater. I've never seen anything so beautiful in my life. I can't believe that you can see the lake all the way around on a 360. It's beautiful. Wow, wow, wow. We're now at the highest point. Up here is incredible. The volcano, the lake, all speaks for itself. It is ridiculous. Only an hour away from Manila. We highly, highly recommend it. You can do tours from Manila. We're going to go to the lake. We're going to go to the lake. We're going to go to the lake. We're going to go to the lake. We're going to go to the lake. We're going to go to the lake. We have our游텔不ente that you can. You can get in. It's easy, it's single, anybody could possibly go to the lake. Like in the mountains. But, there's no way. That'sographic Pang Myleh. You can go about if you want to. We used to have spots that we photographed on the evening of this 5 hour race. Oh my god. We're back. In the world's best. We're at Donuts. I am so, so hot. Don't know why we got my donuts again. It just got a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit much of a bit of aiatric much of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of Honda setzt mezons said at least eight minutes in the September At night at the Mosques Apple Mac freeze as well because I am in trouble. Look at them shoulders. Can't see I put a show back in the room. I'm really really burnt. Really stuffed. You stuffed? Really stuffed. Mmm, really need to get it. It's alright. Just need to get a try back in the hotel now. It's only a shower. I'm filthy and sunburned. Move that out the way. Wow, I am very, very burnt. It's a little bit later on. I don't know if you can see that properly. But my arms and my face are really, really burnt. Are you burnt? So burnt. That was such a burn. Oh my god. It was actually my fault because Matt said brings some suncream and I did. Yeah, don't hike a volcano without suncream. But yeah, we've come back. Literally I've layered myself in off the sun. Relaxed for a bit. Got the tender white going as you do. I forgot to pop out because this is our last night in Tag Eye Tide. Unfortunately, until in a couple of days for Molly's birthday, but that is a secret going on. I know that Molly. But yeah, we'll be back in a couple of days. We are off into Batanga tomorrow to check out the beaches. So we've got to get a few things from supermarket and go and have some dinner. Yes. Dinner. Good. Good. So much. Right. I am stunned. We just had dinner in Trafoli's, which is right underneath the four or more opposite hour hotel. And I don't know if you can see it. Look at this bag. Right. Oh my god. It's so heavy. We went to the supermarket in the mall and we got our essentials for when we stay in Pico Deloro tomorrow. I'll just tell you what we got. We got two coats for our tender eye and we got a tender eye. We got three packs of deep crisps. Oh, is she crispy? They're like our favourite crisps in the moment. Look, two big bottles of water. We got three packs of pretzels because I'm a bit obsessed with chocolate coming pretzels at the moment. We got a loaf of bread. The breakfast because there's a toaster. Butter for omelette toast. Noodles and pasta. Basically just so that we had a couple of things to munch on throughout the day and lunch time. Possibly dinner if we wanted to relax. And yeah, in this humongous time that we have to carry tomorrow. I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of