 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Best My My name is And this is the collagen didyat style channel for the past year and a half ish. What do you have to like count? Yeah, I'll be honest, this is a double take of the beginning because I didn't have the hard drive all the way in stone in the camera. So we weren't recording. Yeah. With that being said, being a reaction channel for a little over a year now, our main countries have been Malaysia, Australia and the Philippines, and we have only gotten snacks from Malaysia and Australia. We have never had anybody send us any snacks from the Philippines. So I'm scrolling through Amazon. I thought that means the same thing there. It's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, so I was scrolling through Amazon and I saw a Filipino care package. This is supposed to come with the light. Thank you, Amazon for taking care of us. Yeah, thanks Amazon for sending us some Filipino snacks for money. Yeah. This is supposed to have like nine different snacks in it, I think. Is it like a mystery box? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I thought it was like, and it might even have like noodles in it. So we might have to take a moment to get some noodles down for that. So with that being said, if there's anything in this box that is not what you wanted to see or you want to see us eat or try some other things, our PO box is in the description down below if you want to send us some authentic Filipino snack foods, especially if you disagree with this one. Yeah, if you disagree with this one for sure, send us something that show up and show out. Yeah, show up. All right, let's cut this open and check it out. I let you do. All right. I think I do most of them. So you usually do one side and then I'll hit the other side. Oh, let me do that. No. We could do like retinling for reds, like never allowed to touch that I missed or link is never allowed to touch tonight. Yeah. He's violent. Yeah. All right. This is pretty packaged. Yeah, and they give full-size snacks. They're not like sample sizes. So it was like $35 at $45 for this. Something like that. So hey, how much? $45? Like $45. Hit the like button. Make it blow up. Let's help us out with this. All right. So we're not using YouTube money from this. We have Jack and Jill Piquitos Nacho pizza flavored potato crisps. That that sounds awesome. That does sound good. We have Jack and Jill Chis Curls Curls. This seems more American. She's girls. She's flavored corn curls. I wonder if those are going to be like well-known because they're not corn on their potato. Jack and Jill. Very westernized. Is that Piquitos or Piautos? Piautos. Okay, Piautos. Not Piquitos. Roadhouse barbecue flavored potato crisps. That sounds really good. There is some noodles in here. So noodles. Jack and Jill Chippy flavored our chili and cheese flavor corn crisps. Corn chips. All about those are going to be kind of like free-dose. Yeah. Free-dose. Oh, maybe. All right. So I've heard that these are very popular. These are yeah, born boy, boy, or boy, belong corn, Nick. This is barbecue flavor. We call these, I think these are the same thing, right? Yeah. Yeah, these are corn nuts. That's what we call them here. Here's some chippy's barbecue corn chips. So we've got the potato and the corn chips in barbecue. I'm getting better just sitting here. And sour cream and onion potato chips from Jack and Jill. And getting to the bottom, we have three different types of noodles. And these are noodles we haven't had. We've had endomy. We've had, uh, uh, Malay me. No, it was, uh, dang. It's French with them. It is like maggy me. And then this is lucky me. This is, uh, pan-seat Canton, Chow-mean noodles. This one is, oh, goodness. Kalaman flavor. It looks like a lime philippines lemon flavor. This is original flavor. And the original flavor looks like onion and garlic is the description and that it shows on there. And this is the hot chili flavor. Yes. So those look good. And this is my San Skyflakes crackers. Oh, yeah. So they're not shy? No, they're, they're sky crackers. I got a cracker right here too. They're individually packed. You can take it anywhere you go wherever you go. That's cool. And we've got some stickers and some more sky flakes. Sweet. They just crackers. Crackers. Yeah. So we got little little little stickers too. We need something to put that on. This is a neat little care package. It is. It's like somebody actually sent it to us. Yeah. So philippines flag that's dope. That is dope. We need something to put that on. Uh, philippines. We need something to put that on to it. And these. Cool. This is a chicken and dobo and a hollow hollow. Chicken and dobo. Hollow, hollow. Not halo, halo. Did we figure that out? Is that hollow? Okay. It's not like a lot. Like everybody was like, no, yeah. No. All right. So are we, are we gonna do any of the noodles today? Now let's make that a separate. We can make a separate video. We'll make, we'll make them the neuters a separate video. Why are you drinking a monster at at 9.30 pm? Obviously. I'm just not gonna waste it. What do I want to do last? Let's do the corn, the corn mix. Last? Yes. So we're gonna, we're gonna hold off on the corns. Let's do something that's an original. I don't think that we would say would be kind of basic to us. That'd probably be the cheese curls or these. No, that should be like number two or three. Yeah. The cheese curls are going to be. Now let's do bar, okay. So barbecue would probably the most generic flavor for us anyways. And I will do these. I will say personally, I'm not a big fan of, like corn chips. I like the corns, but I'm not a big fan of corn chips. I love corn chips. Like like Doritos and stuff like that. I'm not a big, you know, like Doritos. You're the only person in the world. Yeah, I'm not a big fan of them, but I like the flavors. So you can't take flavor away from a chip. All right, so let's pop open our first one, which is the Roadhouse Barbecue Jack and Jill Piautos. And the way I say most generic for us, because everybody has a barbecue flavor chip here. These are like, these are like premium quality chip bags. There are tests. These feel like legit chip. Like and I'm not, I'm not being sarcastic. Yeah, like these are quality bags. Our bags are always like super cheap. So wait, I thought you all got y'all English from the US. So do y'all call these chips or crisps? They call them chips. It's written crisps. Yeah, but like on these, it says chips. Oh, maybe these are the British or something. And it even says flavored in American English. These are tiny little, tiny little boogers. Yeah, they are. Are we thinking it? I didn't know of your hand me more. Very barbecue. They're like a kettle cook chip. They're like baked layers. Oh, that's why I'm going to make this are good. You're very good. Yeah. I like these. I don't do barbecue chips very often, but I have no issues with those. Now we're going to move on to, because they dissolve in your mouth so well. Yeah, I like, like if I get lays or stuff like that, I usually like the baked anyway. They have a, cleaner taste. Oh, yeah, for sure. Now we're moving on to the Skyflakes crackers. I'm assuming these are just basic crackers. It's like a salty and when I saw, I think it tastes like a buttery cracker. I don't believe you. It is buttery. And it's got, it's got good crunchage, you know, like, it doesn't, it doesn't like overgranulate. You know what I mean? Like where it does, it's like shatters out. It stays consistent. I actually like that a lot. Yeah, those are definitely different than what we have that we typically have. We might have something that's more similar to that that we don't like crackers just aren't very popular in the US. I didn't want to go back to back. I mean, they are popular, but they're not like, what am I trying to say? I don't know. Crackers are pretty popular. Yeah, they're popular, but you don't like eat them like just every day. You might eat some when you're doing chili or something like that, or your kids might eat a lot. All right. My kids don't eat my these are the chilian cheese chippy's corn chips. I'm down for this. Let's see how okay, never mind. They're just like, you know, they don't. What is it I compared them to? What are those called? The other show? Yeah, Fritos. These have a different consistency than the Fritos. Well, I feel like they have a different texture. Yeah, crunching is a different crunch. And it's less coarse. That's what I was about to say they're more ground up. That's what I don't like about about the other ones. That was a good bite. You know, when you did like that perfect amount of seasoning on it. That's what I don't like about the other ones is the fact that they're coarse and these are more ground up. So that's good. If other corn chips were like that, I'd change my mind on corn chips. Now we're moving on to sour cream and onion. That's one of my favorite food. Yeah, I'm a sour cream and onion boy. Do you all see salt and vinegar or you know what I really got them to practice pepper? Yeah. It's got a little bit of a bite but not like a spicy bite but more like a, it's a unique bite. Right. Not like hot pepper bite. I can see the MSG's glisten. So beautiful. That's good. I'm a fan of this sour cream. Okay, it takes a sour cream. All of you have tasted the onion. Okay. I'm actually taste the onion over the sour cream. Oh, there's a sour cream. I really got all my time. I tasted the onion. It was more prominent than the sour cream. Yeah. That's okay. I take it back. I wouldn't say it's the best one I've ever had. Well, that's true. The like our lace sour cream. I feel like they kind of douse it. Yeah. Oh yeah. And sour cream and onion flavor with oil. That way it just like soaks into it. But those are kind of a, at least they taste like they'd be a lighter option. Right. I agree. Now we've got the barbecue flavored chippy corn chips. Not complaining because they obviously gave us a huge variety of flavors but I wish there would be different brands. You know what I mean? Yeah, no, I agree. Unless there's just a limited amount. I mean, yeah. Pink. Those taste a lot more like. Yeah. Freedom. You can make a good freedom pie out of that. That tastes just like freedom. This, I want to save this to this. I like cheese balls and also, well, you're not going to like these. These are cheese curls. And I also like cheese puffs. And so I want to save the two things that I love for the end. Ooh. They like hit me when I opened it up in the nacho pizza. Yeah. I've had, we've had chips. I think this is like a seasonal thing here in the US whenever they do the pizza flavor chips. Pringles always has pizza flavor. Oh, okay. What are the ones that are the pizza, the pizza roll ups? You know what the two's? Pizza sticks? No, they're, uh, oh, they're rolled up in little. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't either, but I know what you're talking about. These are good. I would say this has the most interesting flavor profile. Most intense. Yeah. Out of all of them. Like it's a smacky process. Yeah. All of the others are pretty light on the, uh, the flavor side. Not in a bad way. But with, with our chips, the flavor always like tries to overcompensate everything. Which is usually okay. Yeah. We're not complaining. Uh, but the flavor is lighter on these snacks. Again, that's, that's cool. But this nacho pizza flavor was not like, it was, it was very pronounced in the flavor. How, how, how's that so easy to tear as thick as that is? Right. Oh, I bet you know, these tastes like, I like how tiny all of these are. Cars are so much like all these chips are like this. Our chips are like that. And they feel so puffy. Yeah, these feel yeah. Yeah. I like them. How did you get them so crispy? Remember like, not. I put like 10 in my mouth. Oh, I tore in the wrong place. I like those. I do too. They're, uh, they're also light on the flavoring. But they're not horrible for you either. There's a lot of sugar or a lot of carbs, obviously. But, uh, two cups for 160 calories. Uh, times two would be that whole entire thing. Yeah. I'd say that the last two so far are my favorite, the nacho pizza and the cheese cropped. I wouldn't turn down any of them. All right. I just lick my fingers. I gotta use the same now. Now we've got the boy belong or boy wing corn, Nick barbecue flavor bigger tastier crunchier. I hope these taste like cornuts. Well, they've got to. That's what it is. This fried corn. Like, I love corn nuts. I haven't had them in in a long time. At least I've got to eat all the time. These are big. Some big nuts. They'd be a caramel. Oh, these are real soft. By far, the strongest flavor out of anything we've had. So make these about three times more crunchy. That's what ours are. I'm cool. Oh, I thought you meant like, I need to be better. I think I think I'm going to like how crunchy they are. I like the, I think it's a big sweet one. It's like on them. Where's it just? Just shoving it, just chewing on them down. These are perfect. I'm high opinion. We're good. Mm-hmm. I'm fighting. I've been told that those are some of the most popular snacks in this snack type. It's for the corn. Like the dry graph, the bag graph, the bag type thing. Like where you just have to do a little quick bag. Give you thoughts. All of this great. I really hope those noodles are just as good. Noodles are always amazing. So talking about the noodles, I am really excited to try these. Obviously, like we said, we're going to do a separate video for the noodles. We'll just do one full video. Americans try Filipino instant noodles. Because that's pretty much what we did for Malaysia and Indonesia as well. And they both had good noodles. And did we decide last time that the endome was the preferred? I prefer to. You prefer to better. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You liked the endome better because it was a drier. It was a non-soup noodle. Yeah, it wasn't meant to be a soup noodle. And it was awesome. Yeah. I liked the Maggy Me because it was a soup noodle. Yeah. And I like soups. I love soups too, but man, that endome, the taste, the flavor profile, adding an egg on it. It's just insane. It's such a good combination of foods and flavors and everything. So I was all about it. So I hope these are just as good. We need to make sure we're actually like, if one is a dry noodle versus a... We need to pay attention. Yeah. Because we only have three to pick from. So our three to do. Right. So if we screw this up, like that looks like a dry noodle to me. Yeah. Yeah, dry noodles and place them with the prepared sauce mix well. Yeah, so this is a dry noodle. I'm sure the other ones are as well. Yeah. But we'll know when we do the video. And if you guys want to see that video, click the subscribe button in the bell notification icon that will you guys can stay informed when we end up posting it. It'll probably be one in the next week or so. Also, again, if there were some snacks on here that you didn't see that you wanted to see our PO boxes in the description down below. If you guys want to band together in the comments section and all chip in on a care package to the United States, I will really want to try some Filipino sweets. Oh yeah, that would be really like... Something different. Mm-hmm. Like some dessert-style snacks. That would be really cool if you guys wanted to send us something like that to try and give our thoughts and opinions on as well. We're a show. Hey guys, I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please hit the like button. Do you want to see our future videos hit the subscribe button in the bell notification. And if you want to support us directly, hit that join button with that being said. My name's Miles. And my name is Faz. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out.