 You guys said I need to listen to this one SB19 MAPA. It got the lyric and everything. This has, this is the first video I've seen with 1 million likes. I'm not even gonna lie. I've never seen a video that has 1 million likes. That is crazy. Apparently this one is sad bro. But hey, I'm ready. Let's jump into it. Let's see. You could have done what I've done. But you ain't no arm man. In the trash and I double it up. Yo my people. Welcome to V5's T-V. I'll get into the another reaction video. Hey, I got my jig and everything that's ready. Let's go. It's a sad one bro. It's a sad one. I heard it's a sad, sad one. I got some more songs by SB19. So don't worry. I got a lot of songs in the archive in the playlist. So you're gonna see a lot of songs coming through over the pause. You know what the months that's coming. But yeah. Let's go. Oh fuck. It's one of these songs. For anyone out there that's lost the love one someone close to you. I've lost close friends that's precious to me. They're not around anymore. I've lost family members. But I am, I won't lie and say my mom and my dad is still alive. So you know, I very much appreciate that. But for you that's if you're watching this and you ever lost the love one, especially your mom and your dad, I'm here for you bro because I just can't imagine how you flipping and feeling. You can hear the pain in the vocal. That's some other job as well. No matter what the circumstances are, no matter what the situation is, no matter how tough the time may be, your mom's always finding a way to make things work. If you don't have no money, she always get money from somewhere. She always do something. If you don't have no food left, she always find a way to make sure your belly has food in it like. That's how mother is just a mother is just a super woman, bro. I'm telling you. I'm not a woman. I can't be a woman. I'm just a super woman. Because you're a woman, I'm just a super woman. Because you're a woman. I'm just a super woman. I'm just a super woman. Close your eyes, don't worry. Rest for now because she's not alive anymore. Take it back from the tap, bro. I'm not ready for this. I'm not even ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for this. May her soul rest in peace. And I'm being genuine, bro. Because I can't even imagine. I can't even imagine losing my mom. My mom is everything to me, bro. My mom is everything to me, bro. My mom is everything to me, bro. I can't even imagine. I'm not ready for this. And that's a father's job. Oh my days. It's just like a condolence for my mom. So my mom is like the shortening for mom. And part is like Papa, right? So my mom is Mama. And part is Papa. Because it's both different person and they're both not alive. I'm guessing. So that's where you put Papa. So you combine both words together. Is that? That's what it's called, Papa? And that's where the dad job comes in now. So always to prepare you for the real world and teach you some real stuff that no one else is going to teach you. So you can be prepared and ready for what this world brings. Because if you're not ready, bro, this world will take you and break you apart. And listen. So that's a daughter's job to be in your life, especially as a guy, a young man. You know what I mean? To bring up the society, to make your proper, you know, to make into a figure of what they call a man or this type of stuff, you know. So I'm guessing. So I'm guessing. So I'm guessing. So I'm guessing. So that's where you put Papa. And that's where you put Papa. And that's where you put Papa. So you combine both words together. Is that? That's where you put Papa. And that's where you put Papa. And that's where you put Papa. And that's where you put Papa. And that's where you put Papa. And that is where you put Papa. Oh, I'm mixing. That's right. And that's where you put Papa. Yes. Thank you. They saved it. That's where you put Papa. They chose the regular language amor runway. because of them. So why do you have the most important thing? Come on! Now, like if you have an aunt for the people that their mom and their dad's still alive, make sure that you let them know how much you love and appreciate them. Because when the time comes when they're not around anymore, you want to feel in yourself that at least my dad and my mom know how much I love and appreciate them. You will feel more comfort in your heart when that stuff happens rather than no communication, day not knowing, fighting, arguing all the time. You know what I mean? But this, right, you get what I'm trying to say man. Oh, my part. He just said, my part, my part mean my because the translation said map and he said, map. So, my theory was wrong. So the translation is map then. If you have an aunt, your mom knows how much I love and appreciate them. Because when the time comes when they're not around anymore, you want to feel in yourself that at least my dad and my mom know how much I love and appreciate them. There's a reason why I left this song to react to Lost because I know that after this Mahmoud would not be that there's not gonna make more fire in my personality as it was in the previous videos so I left this for Lost and it did it did what meant to do to me as I expect but yeah man SB19 Ma Pa got a lot of songs safe and it looks like if they do lyric translation as well it's even better but yeah flat the reaction of this video share your support by slapping up that like button subscribe to the channel for more content like this spin your boy spin your homie peace