 Ooh, the loot. Oh, yes. I really like these guys. That actually looks good. I've tried those dumplings. They are absolutely delicious. Oh, I know that Johnny G. That's a great place. Kumostar Philippines. Since the Philippines has reopened for tourism, there has been a tremendous amount of foreign vloggers that have pilgrimage out to the Philippines to make brand new experiences and to experience this phenomenal country. Well, today I'm gonna react to a few of their very first reactions upon arriving here in the Philippines. So without further ado, let's jump into this video. Welcome to Manila. Welcome to Manila. Welcome to Manila. We're in the middle of the hustle and bustle. Today we're gonna show you some amazing looks. Ooh, that looks good. It takes some of the unique transportation and show you everything else that's amazing that he has to offer. We're excited. So let's call the name Paris Mommy and it looks like... This guy's a cool organ. We got some staff. Oh, Mommy. I love Mommy. It's delicious. Maybe in test time, maybe liver. We'll see. I love the plastic bag over the poles so that they can reuse it easily. That's so cool. It's pretty good. Wow. It basically just tastes like... kind of like a thick, really nicely seasoned chicken soup. I just can't get over the feeling of how awesome this place is. Everyone is so friendly. Oh, that is so cool. I think this is the first time we have had where the streets aren't just filled with vehicles. I saw a little guy selling balloon and if you guys don't know what that is, I'll pop it on this green here. But this video gets 10,000 likes. Chasely balloons. We need to check if he got 10,000 likes. I'll show you again, a taste test here. Oh, that sounds delicious. Oh, he has. These are potato chips. This is absolutely delicious. I'm just going to show this all my mouth at once. Nice. It's kind of the real food. Very good. Cool. Watch how to use it in your own language. The dobo has that salty vinegar. A little bit sweet. Yes. Have you guys tried a dobo? Chicken dobo? Pork dobo? Get yourself some of the dobo. Look at the recipe. It's actually really easy to make. It's so good. Oh, take your chicken. We have found if you're going too far of a distance they're going to want you to take the jeep. Knees are a taxi. So we're like a 40 minute walk. So we're really hoping one of them will take a walk. Go to the Baywalk. You don't have to be walk. You don't have to be walk. You don't have to be walk. How much? 100. 100? Yes. Let's go. You've got to ask him if you can ride. You can ride. Cool little small thing. I feel like it's going to break apart. I think that's it. We're just going to do chat. So much. Sonny. Oh my god. We have been anywhere nice. We have really hit the city. We have shown I feel like so many parts of Manila. But I think we're going to end it here. Holy smokes. This is crazy. Yeah. Like this is all the same. It's just such a nice. Like those people exercising. You can kind of see like the ships in the horizon. And you look like you can go on for miles. Like it's such a beautiful place. The Philippines so far has been unreal. These first impressions are really like these guys. I love being here. I absolutely love them. If you like these, please like the video and subscribe and follow us along. Today we're going to sample the top street food in the oldest Chinatown in the world. Nice. Track down some authentic Filipino food, swing by the largest mall on the continent of Asia and see what our sprawling Bayfront hotel has to offer in between. Let's start devouring. First up is these Sanity Cafe and Restaurant where we're going to get one of their fried chicken dishes. This is supposed to be the best Chinese style fried chicken in town. That's actually the best. Oh, nice crunchy. I really good. And it's in the batter. The batter has some flavor to it. This batter is delicious. There is some sort of seasoning or flavoring in here. That's making it really distinct and different. Different than what I expected. Definitely. Mmm. Oh, juicy. Yeah, that is good. I'm not the world's biggest fried chicken guy, but I can get used to this. It's nice to see that they came here and the kids with as well. What? The guide is here. Yeah. Maybe mine. Cool, it says maybe there's a little lime in the batter? It would be. So I tried. I asked what seasoning they used in this batter, but they can't tell us it's a secret recipe. Secret? It's going to stay a secret. It doesn't look like we're doing a very good job of pacing ourselves today. I'm going to get like 12 plates. No shame, piece from that plate. Yeah, I don't know what it is. So we're going to find out in just a minute. This is just awesome. And this outer layer is soft. It's not crispy at all, so it's not deep fried. Oh, it's a fresh one here, my friends. That is delicious. It's like a grape on the outside, and it has a little sweetness to it, which gives it an amazing flavor. And I can't really tell if this is tofu or chicken, but I think it's tofu. There are so many vegetables in there. This is really good. It looks like they're in the right spot. It's kind of like stona. I've been there. Love that. Yeah, Brooklyn's going to try it first. Yeah, it's got filling. I like how the kids are also very adventurous like the parents. Shake? What's that she needs? And unless there's a language barrier and I didn't understand it right, it's made with pork lard. Yeah, you heard the same thing. That's right. That is sweet. I'm like a creamy sweet, very subtle flavors. I would say it has a little similarity to shortbread. Oh, good. So maybe we do go to dumpling. Yeah, I don't think so. She said it was their best seller. I've tried those dumplings today on absolutely delicious. Yeah, it has like a lime. It was like pork lime flavored inside. It's really delicious. So we're going to go back to the hotel and check out the pool. Our hotel just happens to be right across the street from the biggest mall in Asia, Moll of Asia. And it also happens to have a carnival looking thing that the kids would not leave us alone about until we took them over. Bumper car. Oh, bums car. Actually, I need to go and get that a try. That's like a mother's problem. Watch our next episode. Watch the previous episode because we're going all over Southeast Asia, specifically the Philippines, island hopping around. So please come along in our journey. Nice. Hi, my name's Dorsi Ahmed with Philippines. Welcome. Come back to my channel. All welcome if you're new here. My name is Dorsi and today is my first time, first day, first everything here in the Philippines. I'm so excited. Let's go explore Manila's. I don't know where that is. I don't know where she is in my cutting. Of course, you got to start with coffee. I'm so excited to see how this tastes. Ready? Yeah, it's the coffee. Very nice. That is what I am talking about. So good. And now I come alive. Okay, we're full of coffee. Let's try this Filipino banana. Smell more yellow. It does look more yellow and it smells a lot different. It kind of smells like the leaf as well. It doesn't make sense. That's different. All right. It's so sweet. That is so good. I love sweet. I can smell it through my mouth. It smells so strong. The smell of this banana. Like before I even opened the skin. I could pretty much smell it. I love that. Okay, now I've had a real banana. Let's go find one of the two sort of sweet street through type of bananas you can get here. Oh, yes. I'm trying to do it. Let's see if we can find you. All right, so we've got these like spring rolls. I know that John is here. That's a great thing. And he has some sauce. And I said, the lady asked said sweet. And I said yes. And then he said spicy. And then he said a little bit but I didn't want it. That was my fault. Let's try. Ooh, the crunch. Oh, I really liked that. Probably the most fried one that I've had. Like spring roll that I've had ever had. That's a nice spring roll. So nice. Hi. Hi. I really love so friendly. So true. Yep. There's so many chains, stores and things. And there's like Dunkins, Team Hordins, Subway, Lawson. There's so many different kinds. KFC. There's so many chains here as well. There's so many chains here as well. Who's the left-hand one? That's another thing that I've noticed. All of the popular things that I think you might get from home, depending on where you are. I hear that not the whole country obviously looks like this. But this is so impressive right here. So we're just walking down this main road and we're just trying to find the Evala Triangle. So we're going to go on the way there. But before we get there, as we're on the way, consider pressing the subscribe button to my channel. It really helps me with algorithm and YouTube. And also like the video while we're on the way. So let's go. Welcome to the Philippines. I'm Dan. And I'm Leanne. And we recently quit our jobs in order to travel full time. And we are currently in Manila. We have never been to the Philippines before. And today we're going to go in the extra manila. And see what it has to offer. Now the first thing to do on our list is in order to go on to the MRT system. This guy sounds like a person. I see what that is like. And we're going to take the train board down towards the coastal areas of Manila. Ooh, adventurous. Going straight on the MRT. So we have made it on the train. All right, so we've got in the little guy on the side, which is going to take us on a tour around here. Wow. I have never seen something like this in my life before. And it's called the Baluaad de San Diego. Intramurus is the place to go. It's absolutely beautiful. Like even just looking at these walls and all the rocks that we're used to build them. Wow. So this is 14 Diago, which is one of the main forts here. But how cool. It even looks like it has a moat around it. What a small this hole is. Wow. This is small hole. Cool taxi. So we stopped now at the St. Augustine Church, which is the one we wanted to see the most. But I'm excited for this one. Of course, this is a really old church. Wow. This church survived as it was a red cross hospital during the Battle of Manila. But it was built by the Spanish when they entered in the late 1500s. So it's literally 500 years old. And there's only thing to survive all of it. Except for the walls that have been destroyed. But this is a full structure. Wow. Beautiful. This is so beautiful. There's so much detail. Wow. This church is literally almost 500 years old. It is huge inside. Wow. I did not think that our day here in Manila was going to end up in a place like this. But she did not correctly with the sunnig like that. We did research around Manila or what to do here. Because we didn't want our first impressions to be influenced by other platforms. So I'm really, really taken back by the city. Yeah. It gave us so many shocks, especially the cheap knees. That was like crazy experience. And we learned so much about Manila and the history of it. It was absolutely incredible. So if you like this video, don't forget to give it a like and subscribe. And stay tuned for the rest of our Philippines adventure. Oh, wow. So cool. So interesting to see other foreigners coming to the Philippines for the very first time in sharing their reactions. I remember when I came here the very first time. Almost six years ago, I was absolutely blown away. And almost overwhelmed by all the different kinds of expressions. Actually, watching these first reactions of the Philippines now in these videos. I have actually visited every single one of those places. I actually live in the Philippines. I moved to the Philippines in 2019. I have about a thousand videos of the Philippines on my main channel making. And how it will be in the description box down below. Where you will also find a link to suggest other videos you would like me to react to. So if you knew around here, smash that subscribe button. Give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. And I'll see you guys tomorrow. Bye-bye.