 Why is your Christmas tree art? What's going on here? What's going on here? We have four months of Christmas here in the Philippines and I'm going to celebrate every single day. Didn't I? Did not have an idea? Did not expect that. It's the most wonderful time of the year. What's up Philippines? Welcome to another reaction channel. Welcome to the video on our channel. I'm Mike. I'm Nelly. And we're two travel food and lifestyle vloggers here in the Philippines and today we are reacting to... Why the Philippines has four months of Christmas? Yes. The reason behind people are months. Yes. We're excited about it. Maybe you realized we moved our Christmas tree from this spot here. A reason being that our cat just loves to destroy the Christmas tree and we moved it to the office. So apologies for not having the Christmas vibes here in the vlog. But... Notty! It's because of this naughty cat. I wanted you to see she's laying right here. Yeah. All right. But nevertheless, we're bringing you some Christmas content, of course, because we are in the middle of the Burmese. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Listen to this video. Yeah. And nothing happens. Here we are. Wee! Lupino Christmas in Sambuha, Erika Bampangai, Louis Gayu. Today's question comes from one of my own students, at UC Davis, Leo from Stockton, California, ask, Queer Curvy, why do Filipinos celebrate Christmas so early? For those who may not know, Christmas season in the Philippines starts in September. As soon as September 1st, you'll start hearing Christmas music being played on the radio at the markets in the shopping malls, especially Los San Marichans classic Christmas in our hearts. When they ever had a Christmas and go to something that things are in the streets, I remember the child in the manger at these leaves, whenever there are people who didn't get six changing cards, I believe that Christmas is truly in their hearts. As early as September, Filipino families will start putting off their Christmas decorations, which is weird for non-Valipinos, and for many Filipinos ourselves. Oh, sorry. I need to beat our space bar. So when we put up our Christmas tree at the beginning of September, I got a lot of messages, partly from our Filipino viewers saying, our Christmas tree is up as well. Yeah, it's Christmas. And then also partly from non-Valipinos viewers, who are like, why is your Christmas tree up? What's going on here? What's going on here? It's not Christmas yet. And I'm like, you're so wrong. Christmas has already begun. We have four months of Christmas here in the Philippines, and I'm going to celebrate every single day. Especially the diaspora. So why do Filipinos start celebrating Christmas as early as September? The most common and simple answer to this question is that September is the first among the bear months. September, October, November, December, the bear months. September being the beginning of the holiday season. Many would also say that we, as people, we love to count down traditionally. We count down to something bit. In this case, a huge celebration on Christmas Eve. And usually the count down for Christmas starts on September 16th. Or 100 days before Christmas. Others would also argue that starting Christmas in September is actually a capitalist marketing stunt so that they could sell more products and make more profit. Which actually makes sense. But if we ask, upon buying elders, scholars, and culture bearers, starting our holiday celebrations in September actually has a much deeper indigenous roots. The Western month of September coincides with the coming of Amian, the Northwind. Which for our ancestors marks the beginning of the festive season of the bird and we building. It marks the end of the typhoon season, hence a time to rebuild and to be reborn. And the coming of Amian is signaled by the arrival of the birds, the sacred birds, Darat. Darat are these migratory birds that comes and eats up all the locusts and all the past plaguing the fields. Thus saving the October-Rise harvest for the rest of the year. Hence saving the food for the celebration and playing. It is also only during the season that many of our traditional holiday food are grown and harvested. Such as pirutto or this red-upland rice, stick your rice that we use in our putabobobo. Or the sticky la katana rice that we use in many of our traditional desserts. And of course everybody's favorite ube. It can only be grown in the forest for the June festive season of rebirth. So yes, many of our traditions, modern traditions that we associated with Christianity, including food, can actually trace its roots back, way back from our pre-colonial past. And when our people converted to Christianity, many of these traditions actually survive and adapt it along with our culture. For example, wow! That's incredible. Okay, I had no idea that it has this meaning behind Christmas. So that's kind of very new to me. Yeah, I think to you as well. I don't think we ever heard this before. It's good to know because we live here, you know. Wow! Very, very cool. Yeah, very cool. The arrival of the sacred bird tarat coincides with the Catholic feast of St. Nicholas of Tolentino, or in Capampanga in the fiesta of Apunculas. So long before Christianity was introduced to our people, long before the first Catholic cross was planted onto our islands, the season of the North Wind, or Amian, or Integalog Amihan, from September to February or sometimes from October to March. Had long been a season for our people to celebrate and rejoice, a time to rebuild and to be reborn, a time to reconnect and revive. It is also worth noting that the diverse people of the Philippines we love to celebrate. We as people find many ways and reasons to celebrate. It is perhaps embedded in our DNA to celebrate life as much as we can. So what about you? How does your family celebrate the holidays? Let me know in the comments below. And that is it for me today. If you like this video and learn it in your too, don't forget to like, share and subscribe. And if you want to... Wow. Very cool. Very, very cool. Never did not have an idea. Did not expect that. Really not. For real. But now we know. Now we know what's the real reason behind the Burmans, and it's not the bare months, you know, like... Nobody ever said that. Hi, Nathir. Hi, Nathir. I'm not saying any names. It was somebody of our friends. Alright guys, if you enjoyed this video, give it a thumbs up. If you knew around here, subscribe. And if you'd like to support us, hit the notification bell to be notified for the next video. And we'll see you guys next time on... What's up, Philippines? Bye bye.