 Alright guys, so we were here not too long ago when we gave some gifts and some food and with that video, someone contacted me and wanted to help Mary Jane with some schooling, money and for her food for school. So I came back today and one of the against information, how much it cost and things like that. And this is Mary Jane's auntie and she is staying with her right now. Mary Jane's mom and father lived down there and you guys have seen the house in the past video and how many people stay in that house. In the house down there. I know that this is the first time I've ever seen this house. Seven. Around seven. So that's one of the reasons why she does stay up here and have a little more room. So maybe just to kind of get more information so we can get a better idea. What does your dad do for money? What does your dad do for money? What does your dad do? He does a lot of things. He's doing side-line. So that's actually his stepfather. His father passed away, biological father. And then his father is doing side-lines like sewing shoes, repairing shoes or sewing repair. Have any idea how much your stepfather makes for like day or per week? In the same shoes. The father is also a part of the family. What's your name? My name is Anika. My name is Adlao Or. She doesn't know. She doesn't have a idea since she's living with her auntie. It's probably just talking from a forest. Maybe less than 100 USE a month. That's less than. And how about your partner since she's staying with you? Are you getting any support from them or are you financially taking care of your kids? I'm not sure. I'm just a little bit more than her. So if your auntie is the one... financially taking care of your kids? Okay. So... What does your dad do for you? Sorry guys. Let them pass. Alright. What's your income? I'm the one who's paying for it. How's your wife? Her husband is a construction worker. What's your income? Her husband is a big fan of your wife. She's a big fan of your wife. She's a little off-key. So construction worker usually for days 500. Every week is salary. So 500 a day. So about 500 a day so you can time that how many times you work a month? Usually about 4 or 5 days a week you work? Like maybe... It's just depending on the seasons. Sometimes they're out of work and sometimes they're working. So that depends. So 500 pesos is around 10 USD a day. So going back to her school supplies we did talk a little bit. She does have to pay for transportation and then food. Her allowance is 30 pesos per day for transportation and food. So 30 pesos is around 60 cents USD. So you can time that by a month or whatever a week. And then school supplies. How much are you spending like a week or a month and school supplies? Like for a school year. If you have any kind of idea, I know it's really hard to guess that kind of thing. But like in a month or a school year how much do you usually spend? I always spend my time in class or in a year. I always spend my school supplies, projects, and things like that. I just estimate. I just estimate. I just estimate. So they just estimate. She can't estimate because sometimes she can't buy all the requirements needed. Because it will go to their food. The important ones. They just get the basic for her. Like the other papers and ball pens like that. But it's not all at once. It's just a little bit at a time. So she can't estimate how much. A lot of time here just from different families. And what I've learned is that the students are responsible for paying for all the projects. Like if they need paper or scissors or glue or books or textbooks or if they need other research. A lot of the schools here they don't have the things for the students. Like some schools that may be gone to, they have glue, they can use, they have scissors, they can use, they have pens, they can use, they have nothing used. But no, here everything that they need, they need to purchase themselves. At least that's what I've seen. I think that's what Mary Jane has to do. When projects come along, they need water paints or instruction paper or printing out things or anything like that. They're responsible for paying for all that. So when a project does come along, they need to keep that in their home. So it's kind of hard to estimate, they said. But I don't even know. But you can guess how much a notebook is or scissors, ten, both ten and things like that. But I don't know, I think that's, we're trying to think about the questions that you might want to ask. But I think the most important ones that you wanted to ask was the school supplies. Every day transportation. And the 30 pesos was for the food and transportation and then school supplies. I'm not sure how much that would be just the, you know, the, uh, writing materials and then paper. Right now do you need any school supplies? Karun, what about the ones that you want to ask? Right now not yet since they are in vacation. But I think as they made for like a month for school supplies if you'll get it, I think a thousand. A thousand pesos. Yeah, that includes, you know, miscellaneous and everything. But I think there's still extra after that. Yeah, yeah. So that's around like $20. So that comes from whatever comes out. Alright, we're getting a big truck going by. So maybe for the person interested, um, what's your favorite subject in school? I will get some information for you. Say favorite in your subjects is the school and I. Reset? Science, math, English, Filipino. Math. Oh, alright. Math in it. What's something you might want to be when you get older? I'm going to the mission to get the kids. Teacher. Alright, we need some more teachers. Yeah. That's a really good question. Um, and how young are you? You're the only one who's young. How? And what grade is that? I'm in grade. Grade one? Ah, so actually, she's still in grade one now because when she's staying with her family, she doesn't go to school. So her auntie took her. How many years does she have to stay? Just a year, one and a half years. So this is like your first year or two? Oh, please have a big name. Oh, yeah, a year. She's in grade one right now because her auntie told her to study. Start studying. Do your other siblings go to school? They're all going to school. No. So you're the only one? Yeah, because we're auntie. So you help her? Good for you, auntie. Yeah, very nice of her. Yeah, how are you liking school? Are you glad your auntie made you go? You can go to school if you want to go to school. Yeah, that's good. So she's 12 years old. What's the average age for first here? 12. 12 years old? First year high school. Oh, first year high school. So she's in the grade she needs to be, right? Yeah, I know. She's in grade one. Grade one, Paté. Elementary. Yes, so grade one is elementary. So that's like, what age is that? I'm supposed to be black. Judd, is that grade one? Do you start? Like seven years. Seven years. Also she's behind. So your classmates are like seven year old? Okay, how does that feel? I'm feeling so high. I'm so high. I'm so happy to see her classmates. So she's the eldest. So I'm feeling so high. She's shy sometimes, because you know. Do you have a chance to skip a grade if you like learning? I try to skip, but I'm sure she'll be able to do it. I'm not sure. Yeah, there's like from... Like a test you can take or something? Yeah, it's called all so you can skip a grade. Yeah. But at least you. You know, it's not too late. Yeah, that's good. That's your school. That's really important. So, yeah, do you at home? Do you have books to read? I read books, books, books, books, books. Just in school, right? Just school. Just... Provides, the school provides. I think counting for school supplies, I think we can give her some books. There's some other ideas. So like some reading materials, maybe some flashcards for math. So she likes math. And just things she can take home to keep her mind occupied while she's home. Yeah, but that's good to your auntie. Yeah, that's really important. It's a nice meeting. Because we're in Mochabah. And don't lose hope, don't give up. Keep studying. Yeah, you're still really young. Hope you find something new. Yeah, it's not too late. But you have a lot of more years to go. All right, so I think... Well, that's good to see. There's anything I... I miss it. We probably missed a few questions, but I'm washing this. If every more questions, you can let us know. But we learned it last day. So, that's... I think there's some good things we can do here. So good. So thank you for talking with us. And how's your break so far from school? How's the time of your vacation? The Christmas break right now. Okay, Ra. Do you have a school trip or vacation? School trip. She likes more. She likes getting at school? Yeah. That's good. So is Rae one connected to the older kids? Like, are they in the same school as the older kids? Great one. Or are they not in the same building at all? Great one the same. So she can see her friends with older classmates as well? Yeah, it's a schoolmate. She has schoolmates, yeah. She's like, what do you do in the same class? Nothing the same class because she's the same building. Every session you can go play with your older friends. Yeah. Okay. All right, well, hopefully this gives you a better idea of what's going on. So I try to make as many questions that I can. So thank you very much for showing interest. And one thing, sponsor someone. This is really cool. It's a huge huge help. And if anybody else is interested, just contact me. I'd be more than happy to do these little videos for you. So I think for now, we're going to have to go run some errands. And then we'll take the bus. So thank you for taking the time. Thank you. Talk to us. Yeah. It's good to know their story. Yeah, it's interesting. Because everyone has a different background. I had no idea, you know, the background is so awesome. So all right. We'll let you know and we'll come back. All right. Thank you for talking to us. We'll see you guys later. Bye.