 If they make you feel like that too much and they don't understand, maybe they don't know you. If you were smart, guys, I can't listen to everything you're friends with. Hey guys, welcome to another video. Thank you for watching my channel, the Black Filipino TV. And guys, I recently hit 42,000 subscribers. I want to thank you guys for subscribing. Also, you can become a member of the channel. And also, too, if you want to book a consultation about working here, not necessarily working in the Philippines, but online, you can book a consultation with me too. But yeah, guys, so let's get into this now. This happens all the time, okay? This is what happened was this foreigner was called crazy by his friends for moving to the Philippines, the beautiful Filipino. And this is not the only guy that's happened to me. It happens to people all the time. You're getting ready to tell your friends, hey, I met someone, especially if you met them online. You're here. You're never here at the end of it. Oh, bro, you didn't go online or I'm going out there to be with a lady that I went out there and met. Oh, you met someone out there? First thing they say, she's a scammer, okay? That's so far from the truth now. You guys know already talk about it. The amount of scammers online, it seems like there's a lot because if 0.2% of the population or 0.001% of the population of Filipinas or scammers, you're going to feel like it's a lot of Filipinas scammers because they're all on the websites. So all the more websites, you can have some time, five commitra one time and it feels like, wow, I don't want to do this anymore. And it happens to guys too. I just spoke with a guy in my livestream and he said, hey, Jay, I was talking to a lady. Actually, he was my brother, house, a house. He said I was talking to a lady for two to three months online and then she asked for money. So it would happen when she pretty much waited him out. But still, guys, for the most part, most Filipinas aren't. You know, in a lot of times they think that they judge a whole population of women, all of the things they've heard, media. And the Philippines gets a bad rap for those things, but guys, it's not like that at all. Definitely want to be smart about your decisions. Of course, like what the house of a house did, he, the lady waited him out after two to three months. So smart decision on his part and a lot of guys are not dumbed and making the right decisions. So this happens though. This happens. They go, wait a minute, bro, but you don't know her. Now, it's true. And I've also talked about myself. I wasn't truly, you feel like you're in love, but you're not truly in love until you actually meet them. Am I what you expected? Do you like? I thought if I told you I was the same height, maybe I would have a chance. I just want to look at you. I love you. Kiss. Okay. And I said that with Kay when I came here, I don't know you pretty much. And I didn't say it to like, to cut, to give her a wound and to cut deep. It's just true. And I feel if your guy that understands that a guy that has a little bit of smarts, not even just tree smarts, that has a little bit of smarts, you won't come out here and make a fool of yourself. But what happens is though, you have your friends, and this happened with me. Who you've been close to for years. Telling you, bro, you maybe want to think about it. Bro, don't do it. But they're telling you this, and guys, I just made a video of somewhat about this yesterday. But this is another flip angle to that because it's like, what am I going to do? I'm going to wait around for where most of the women aren't for me. And then if they are for me, they're just not packaged right. I mean, out here, a lot of times when we're out here, for the most part, they're thinking marriage. They're thinking long term. They're thinking, really want to be with someone. And the thing is, it's not even just a situation of coming from a poor family. Sometimes you have women that are dating or that are being with foreigners that actually have something. What's that don't? I mean, it's totally nothing wrong with the woman as a half. I mean, guys aren't getting with Filipinas for money. Eyes are getting with Filipinas for love. And that's just what's missing. That's what's missing over there in the States, and it's missing in a lot of other countries. And the thing is, is that when it comes to marriage, a lot of guys, most guys actually still want marriage. They still want to be with someone. And thank you for accepting my invitation. Okay, you have a lot of guys that are repill. If you're repill, they are still a lot of purple pill guys that want to be with someone, that wants to be in a relationship and that wants someone to call their own. Some guys are older, like me even, right? I'm only 40 years old. I'm going to be 41 soon. But I was done with the games. A lot of guys are done with the games. They don't want to keep chasing. They don't want to keep playing the field. Some guys get older, and then they want to play the field. But still, to be judged, I mean, I understand it because it's coming from a good place. But still, they automatically assume that Filipinas just like this. They automatically assume that Filipinas just dirt pour and that's why this is happening. Like you can't find a woman that wants you for you. And some of you guys may actually feel that way. Some of you guys will hear what your friends are saying and feel that way. And some of you guys may even stop talking to a lady because of it. But I'm here to tell you guys, don't let that stop you. I mean, get to know her. If you see any red flags, that's when you do it. And you're like, what happened with Brother House? He's seen a red flag after three months, two, three months. She waited him out. You know what I told him? And I said, good job. Good job. You caught it. She waited you out. So if you're a guy that understands certain when things are wrong, you know, you can pick up on certain hints and clues when things are wrong. If you're a trouble with the woman online and she's getting off the phone with you every time, her noise is something. And you know, you can tell when something's fishy. But if that's not happening, guys, I don't see anything wrong with it. I don't see anything wrong even. A lot of guys would judge too. And it won't be an online situation. Maybe you met your woman. You came here physically, Madam. And they'll still judge that as well. What are you doing? And it just happens. It's like the same thing from a video yesterday. You can't live your life off of other people's decisions. Just like when the video I talked about yesterday, a woman told them about older men, they'll say, oh, it's disgusting. You know, even if you even have guys that say it, it's not compatible or a lot of these guys that doesn't matter. I mean, and the same thing for this situation. If a friend shouldn't make you feel a certain way and if they make you feel like that too much and they don't understand, maybe they don't know you. Like, for instance, people telling me that all the time when I'm with everybody, I know what say that. But I had two of the people that was the most closest to me. You know what they said? Jay, I know you. I know you know what you're doing. I know you're not going to go out there and be made a fool out of. And that was the two people I talked to every single day. And I was happy about that. But a lot of you guys or girls or whatever it may be may not have that situation. Okay? I got the okay from the people I was closest to. You know, maybe the people that's closest to you may be pitting you down, making you feel a certain way. And I say to that, of course, there'll be cool with them. But don't let that be a deciding factor. Because what's happening is that you have a lot of women out of being left by the wayside and because of that situation, just to break someone's heart and there's no, you didn't see any ripped flags. And just to break someone's heart just from what your friend said, it's a little bit crazy if you think about it. Especially if you've been talking to someone for five or six months and then now you're listening to your friend and you're leaving that lady to the side, it's a little bit crazy. Don't you think? So yeah, guys, I just wanted to talk about that and say I've been through it too. There's tons of guys that I've been through it too. There's tons of guys that hear this every year. I mean, the stories are crazy. They'll say, oh, she's dirt poor. Oh, why are you marrying a maid? Same things that the women say when they're bashing Filipinos is the same thing your friends will say too. So you gotta have a thick skin. You really do. You have to have a thick skin. And just be able to roll with the punches. I'm just happy that the two people I was closest to knew I wasn't dumb. A lot of times you're leaving have your, but I spoke to my mom and pop and they were like, what are you doing going all the way out there? So yeah, guys, it's like that though. And will you lose friends over it? No, I wouldn't lose friends over it. I would still be friends with them. Everybody that said that I still speak to them that said, oh, what are you doing? You're crazy. But still, some guys may feel, oh, and I'm not going to be friends with them anymore. And I just taken it too far. Just cutting off relationships because they're telling you how they feel. It's going to happen. And still, you can't let it affect you because every decision you make in life, you don't actually want to. You know, when you go get a job, you don't actually friends. Okay, some of you guys may do. Some of you guys may actually friends, but still, you know what I'm saying, guys, you don't actually friends to get up and walk out the bed. You don't actually friends to get up and go talk to a woman. You don't actually friends to go talk to her. So you can't let to make your decision not to talk to her. You can't let it affect you. And you can't let it stop you from doing what you want to do. So guys, without being said, I want to thank you guys for watching this video. To all the new subscribers, thank you very much. Welcome to the Black Filipino TV. You like my content? Be sure to buy me a coffee at bimeocoffee.com forward slash JTVF. It's in the description. Also, guys, if you want to support me, you can go to the PayPal. It's in the description. But thanks for watching. See you next video. Peace.