 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Fez and this is the commodity and today we're reacting to This island is an example to the world. Should you visit Boricay Island or Boricay Philippines now on a review Now from what I've learned about Boricay Is it's beautiful? But it hasn't always been beautiful. Okay, and even the thumbnail on this specific video Which I'm gonna use but put our faces on it Says cesspool to paradise So apparently it was like super polluted and Just disgusting. Okay, I think that London did the same had the same issue with there. I think it's the Johnston River or whatever they call the river it was like Don't get in that type thing and now it's like the cleanest rivers in the entire world So let's hop in and check this Boricay Philippines out Boricay, Boricay Maybe it's like War okay What is the cost of paradise? The white sand beaches of Boricay Island used to welcome over two million tourists. So is that how you pronounce it? But back in 2018 it all became too much Consistently ranked one of the most beautiful beaches in the world the island of Boricay here in the Philippines It's finally reopening 12-5 of Sparicay Island and the Philippines was drowning in rubbish one of the countries Oh wow Beach or was shut down now does that have to do with a lot of local pollution or does it have to do with Like storms bringing in that would bring in trash or or even Take down houses and then take it back out to the ocean and kind of I'm just guessing it's it was a dumping site That's my guess. I don't know if it's true. I'm just guessing it says at the bottom of this world famous island closed after tourists trash destination I could see that on due to massive sewage pollution After years of neglect and while beach parties the government took an unprecedented stat I will close Boricay Boricay is a cesspool Is destroying the environment of the Republic of the Philippines and creating a disaster The entire island was closed down for six months of rehabilitation and cleanup That's insane, but what is insane because like in the United States. I don't think they do that Shut down an entire city Yeah, no in vacate You got places like you get you mean you got places Detroit yeah, I mean Detroit is rough rough and They just Turn and look the other way. Well, yeah, where they act well the way that they do it is they just look for investors to buy up areas to Do it themselves and not actually The city doesn't go in and actually try to do anything. So yeah, I agree with you Like if they had to rely on investors and stuff like that that would Take forever to get done just like what's happening in Detroit. Yeah, so is it like now Boricay is a tiny island off the northern coast of Panai and A few months after its grand reopening we went to see what the island had become Yeah, they shut down the entire island The neighboring port of Kataklan is the main gateway to Boricay and on the journey over we started to see the signs of its new approach to tourism It's estimated that around 20 million dollars. I hear by solemnly swear that a guest that as a guest on Boricay Island I will to the best of my ability help ensure its preservation and sustainable Development and following observe environmental laws and regulations. I like that. I hope they Spent on the clean up alone. Yeah, and I hope that they if they catch you knowing in the tourist would return right away These days only 19,000 tourists are allowed onto the island each day and where you live with just two of them Heading over there for the very first time There's a trend amongst youtubers in the Philippines where they react to the new Boricay Even though most of them never saw what it was like before now So instead of sort of trying to do a direct comparison to what is like before I thought it just walked along the beach and share with you Some of my first impressions about what it's like to be here and pay attention to what it looks like they may have changed So almost as soon as we arrived we headed straight to the coast to get our first look at that famous beach Where it looks like a lot has changed So here we are on white beach for the first time and the sand definitely lives up to its name It's very fine very bright And it just stretches on for no it would be really cool And I know it's kind of sucks that it would be cool is seeing a time lapse from the change That would be as bad as it was at least that picture To showing what it is today like I'm curious on how they cleaned out the sand I don't know if they just brought in new sand and just dug up all the old stuff Probably sifters Yeah a lot of work man. Yeah, it's just so crazy And it's I mean it's stunningly beautiful right now. So forever in the distance The beach here is over four kilometers long So long that it split into three sections known as stations Obviously the weather isn't great today. It's very very cloudy very overcast But you can still see just how blue the water is as well That's good that they regulate it Obviously the thing handled before and I get that it's now Or I guess was to mainly a tourist destination But are there locals to the island that well they run it right so I'm guessing it's still very touristy heavy Uh, but I bet you there's like beyond that I bet you there's Nothing to it. How about it's all and it's all lined with shops restaurants cafes It's a real holiday destination here as expected Boracay's reopening came with a lot of new laws and rules for tourists There is no smoking or drinking allowed on the beach No fire darts sing no pets no loud music and no furniture allowed on the sand You also won't find any single use plastics in the coffee shops or restaurants This has been a real culture shift on the island that seems to have been embraced by both tourists and locals But one of the major differences since they introduced all of these new rules is that none of the restaurants of ours are allowed to encroach onto the beach itself Whereas before you're allowed to drink your cocktails while watching the sunset on the sand that's no longer allowed and To be honest, I've got to say the beach seems really really clean. So obviously something's working Station three was pretty chilled out when we were there nice to know that people are actually the station next door The complete different story You definitely know when you get into station two It gets visibly they might send you off the island. Yeah, okay. You broke the rule I think he's about to get into he said it's visibly different in station two. Yeah, maybe station two is a little mess here I think a lot busier Yeah The good news for the tourism authorities is that the six month closure doesn't seem to put tourists off coming here In fact, I think it's generated even more interest With people just like us wanting to see the island's new look And that famous nightlife can still be found when the sun goes down And You won't find any more crazy beach parties on the sand, but the clubs and bars were still very crowded with people And of course one of the island's most incredible sites is still as amazing as ever One of the most like I think I see this in Boracay is watching the sunset over the sea. I think I see this every video, but I can't wait to see the first time It's just about an hour away We're in position And it's looking awesome already I love these blue sailboats Such a iconic thing for Boracay It's cool how it's covering the sun This might be the busiest beach I've ever seen But the sunset is legit And luckily for us the next day the clouds disappeared So when you travel to the island they say they only allow 19,000 guests per day Can you obviously you can stay overnight though Yeah, I mean, that's what I would think but I mean they don't show that they have a nightlife where you're drinking and porting Yes, imagine you have to stay So let us know do you have to travel off the island at night and then come back? That's crazy. I wouldn't I would think so You know, I believe you'd be able to stay there right but It's regulated on how many people can go so if you can stay how long can you stay right forever When the sun is out this beach is an absolute dream It was the perfect day to take our first swim in the sea And this crystal clear water was out of this world I'm a touristy person It's hard to believe that this water was a darker shade of green only a few months before It's crazy how quick things can change too when you start taking care of your swims Yeah We decided to walk as much of the beach as we could From station three we walked to the crowds of station two for ending up in station one It's definitely a lot quieter down here in station one And this is what the father most beautiful stretch of the beach That's what we're going to be talking about This is where the big luxury resorts are Especially if you have wippy feet and you have to have sandals or flip-flops up So this works that makes you an apartment I completely get why people come here on holiday It is an absolutely beautiful beach There's every single come that you could possibly want along the front I'm going to attempt something now if I never ever do And that's actually sunbathe So let's These are the shadows No boring yeah, I'm with you. I love laying out in the sun. I don't and just falling asleep. I want to do stuff Overall barokai definitely wouldn't be my first choice of destination to come on holiday It's all a little bit too much for me, but I can definitely see why people come here Not that I think what happened here was a good thing. It's just I think it's got an opportunity to be a real example to other places around the world and in the Philippines that Sustainable tourism is the way forward and it can still be a really popular place to come back Because what they're reclaiming with everything they're doing here is they're reclaiming the whole reason why people came to barokai in the first place Because of this beautiful amazing beach with white sand and blue water and If that goes away then what is barokai for More recently we've seen Thailand close down Mayabe and I have no doubt that more places will follow The Philippines really gambles with this. That's crazy how I mean and it's it's not just the Philippines it's not just Thailand I mean a lot of these different countries Shut down areas. They're taking the initiative right and they want to keep it you know natural and We need to follow on those footsteps like I know we've got a lot of activist groups that Clean the beaches and and some of our beaches are very very very regular right So I mean you got your destination beaches. You know the worst beach that I've been to is Galveston Mm-hmm But it's never again. It's still regulated right they clean it and all that kind of stuff But sometimes I would say we clean it a little bit better, but then again the The Gulf of Mexico isn't like the nicest well, it's just a murky water. Yeah, it's not blue water like that unless you get like further out right um I don't know it's it's It's true though This island is an example to the world it should be You know if you've got places that are suffering due to pollution or poverty and things like that Step in and fix it, you know don't just let it decay and go away because I mean Then it just becomes a waste, you know Yeah, I'm with him. That's a little bit busier than I would Yeah, because it seems like the Philippines have More beaches than that are going to be a little off the The beaten path where I don't have to be around a hundred thousand people right 19,000 to be specific. Yeah, I'd rather go to this Yeah, or maybe not necessarily secluded just a little bit I'd like secluded. Yeah, but one of the opportunities of that I mean with the amount of beaches I imagine there's one I Who knows so uh keep on giving us some good suggestions for videos like this one this one was really good Yeah, and with that being said my name is miles and my name is fed thanks for watching guys peace out