 Magan-Danga Bifurpiness. Welcome to Japanese Shujunnel. Today, I had a request from audiences. ID name is Rol-Nel Pangani-Bun. I think I'm the first to comment. It's fun to watch you react about the food beenos. And did you react to the new show trailer in the food beenos. The bowl test be legacy. It's a live adaptation of the anime which you can. Yes, I heard this rumor of the bowl test not the V. Yeah, bowl test 5 I think. So this is originally from Japanese anime. But this anime is older generation. A little bit old, not a little. Yeah, older generation anime. Even for me. So this is first time. Lately, first time I see this video, bowl test 5. So yeah, I'm I don't know what's going to happen, but I would try it. Okay, let's move on to a content. But before watching the video, please subscribe to my channel and don't forget to push notification bell to not miss my future videos. Thank you very much. Okay, let's go. I don't know. Original boys is fine. But so these are good good. I think this is one of the biggest projects in june. And detail. The detail. From the combination of the live action sequences and the computer generated special effects. So we're excited to show you what we have been working on for the past few years. For one epic ride. Join us and be together. Be together. So it's called be like let's go like that. Use as a bug. Yes. Quiet! There is Enobu. Hey覆朗! I see. I see. I understand. Yeah, so... So in all the animals, they are usually well in those kind of helmet. And with face face face face shield face guard. Like forehead until here was helmet. Yeah, just feature of all the anime style. Like this kind of five good people against to bad people. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's it. Thanks for featuring Japanese video in the Philippines. Okay, today's video has it. Again, don't forget to subscribe to my channel and push notification bell to not to miss my future videos. And also, please leave comments below. Anything you want. And if you have your suggestions, please put comments below also. And also just greeting words like hello. So I'm not, it's okay, of course. It's, I'm happy to read that. Okay, thanks for watching. Samat. See you next time. Bye bye.