 Philippines Desserts Sa comment that suggested that we look at some Filipino desserts. So here we are top 20 desserts in the Philippines Desserts are just the greatest thing to ever exist. I like sweet stuff Like we found a place in Iceland where we're going to be in two weeks. That is a dessert buffet So we're like oh okay Yeah, that's what we're gonna go after we eat the dinner Yes, I bet we're gonna be so sick after Yes True because I'm just gonna be like all right so good and just keep eating it That's what I have to do at buffets and then I feel really horrible So I need a Filipino dessert buffet maybe after this video. Yeah, maybe maybe let's find out what type of desserts you guys have in the Philippines right here Right now subscribe if you enjoy like the video if you enjoy let's do this You got a long intro Hello, yes, hello, hello It's so much stuff in there is that are those beans? grapes You look small for grapes There's so much stuff is like it's like cream poulade type thing right here And then it's like sherbert and like candy There's a lot going on there, but you have to mix it It's always been told Pouco salad whoa feel like a fruit salad thing. Yeah, it kind of looks like that one that our grandma makes But with like candy in it Music so happy Yama oh Where's they showed like multiple pictures of it like what's on the inside? Yeah, and like what is it? They look good. I don't know what I'm imagine it being like a caramel ball with like cream inside It's just imagine being don't it all Oh, it's like a Barberito is that salt on it? I always like it Should be like oh, I know what that is Flan You ever had flan? It's interesting. It's like jelly or gelatin, but it's like caramel flavored. Oh, kind of interesting Tahoe Some descriptions Looks good though maybe Oh, what is it Surrup Cream That looks old Supposed that one's got a mango float. It looked the other one looked like a mango maybe it's in the wild sun water Yeah, it just looks like mango cake. I did that all day You know what's the mangoes on top? Mangoes on the middle mangoes on the bottom. Mm-hmm My jalaamca like a cheesecake but like Has looks I just want to taste all of these this is all just based on eyeballs right now Like what looks usually if something looks good it tastes at least pretty good Beco What is that looks like a brownie like a beef brownie does I'm sure it's a nice leaf I Said toky not Might be I like toky not I don't have any like coconut cake or anything the coconut nut nut Hmm oh Like it's like a fruit center like fruit cake Fruit cookie and all fruit twink Is it a cookie Yeah, purple cookie sponge We've been into it. It's just like a salt block I need to water out for that Oh Cheesy I thought it was like cream like cream cheese Oh, I feel like I've had something in Iceland they have stuff like that Do you remember those did we get those like those little rolls that were like slice up? I think it does with you then if they look exactly like this Oh What is that green stuff that wasn't something else Pilo Pilo What is that I don't know you look like you can't see anything it's just like a suit But there's just like yellow things we're basically just learning names of foods to look up Puto The music's happy though See I just don't know what that is looks like Apple cinnamon apple what is that on the top of it Oh Oube Oube Oube looks kind of like they processed meat Yeah, like spam yeah I sk- oh it's like a freesy oh yeah they look thick though Yeah I hurt my teeth Hey subscribe that's how it's good too looks like it'd be like a cheese cake Crust with like cream on it yeah, it does look really good. Just scoop up some of the crust and Cream with cream she's trying to crush this so good All right, we got some names and some pictures of some desserts. I was looking good. It did look good Does it taste good? I don't know if I find out I wish they would have like went into detail a little bit and then like this and then like put like a little description Like what it is yeah Just anything about it is a little just like a picture of a ball picture of a cookie a picture of a You guys can let us know if like one of them do you really like those on there let us know what it was Yeah, definitely because some of these I just wanted to pop in my mouth and eat immediately But then if it's something that I didn't know what it actually was and I didn't like it like And probably die that would suck Did you stream and then it goes down your stomach? Watched in there exactly anyways, thanks for watching guys. I Just watching food videos makes me excited for food and it makes me want to eat it if you enjoyed subscribe like the video But just know what else you want to see from the Philippines and they comments below and we'll see you in the next one. Bye