 But you're Friday. The freshest. Well, I love you guys. We're back for more. You should check out Jong. Jong is actually really good at this and like he's the best at flirting as well and the best at singing to the girls and all. Apparently so girls because it's Harana right I guess. So let's give it a watch. Apparently it's a bunch of Spanish girls and here's a girls and here's a lot of Spanish girls. I like him. He wants to check him out or if you have any of his covers. I know some of you guys are friends with him that watch like some of you that watch in the previous video. Let him know. We like him a lot. That means that will mean the world if you say that. But let's give it a watch. Okay. Let's have a look then. Ladies and gentlemen is Valescas birthday month. And for those races we have launched Valescas limited edition merchandise like this really with the limited edition designs and is also signed by Wojlucha. So if you missed last month you can still get a signature which is quite nice and you can still support the podcast. These are obviously only available until the end of March but Valescas birthday is actually on the 28th of March so by the 31st of March you won't be able to get them ever again. We appreciate all the support on all the previous drops but this is the latest drop you can get at Fitchfathers.com and thank you so much. Adios. I like your name. I like your name. Can I call you maybe? Oh Jesus. Hi O'Meal. Two peppers. Two peppers. That's a fun word. Two peppers. Well it's a tagalog. But I updated. Say go follow my boy. Oh hello ladies. I love this suspense. Yes. Yes. She was giving them all. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. I love this. Oh Jesus. I love this. Yes. Yes. She was giving them all. Oh can you pass this on? Yes of course. Okay go. Any song go. I like British. I like British. I like British. I like British. I like British. I like for someone to just be like now you tip to it and then skip. Goodbye. Peace out. Pay me. I don't think you can donate you know we go. Oh yeah true. I'm sending your paper like dress you know. Oh wait for that. No but it's too much. It's too much of a funnel. It's too much of a funnel. You have to be a bit more like a hit or click this little note. Because as soon as I see the guitar and then I sing to me. So I've got to say deserve it. Where is it? Go on here. Why should I sing to you? He's very nice. He's so good. And now you song is on repeat. And I'm dancing. I love the other girl. I was like. Hey so fucking good with them. Sing it. I just want to be. I just want to be part of your. Celebrity. Will you hold me tight in our leg? I'm so interested in his original music. Me too. Yes. Super. That was amazing. You know what? They remind you of every girl I went to school with. Actually actually. That was awesome. I was like. I was like. I was like. You know what? They remind you of every girl I went to school with. Actually actually. That was amazing. I love it. Amazing. I'm so interested in his original music. Oh somebody's holding the phone. I was like. Oh somebody's holding the phone. I know. Walk it. He's squealing in the background. Because the girls are like Billie Eilish, some shelly. They got like, all the side. I told her I didn't see that. I'm not saying they saw me Billie Eilish. You can wake up with the light, you can wake up with the light, you can wake up with the light Yes! Because you, if it's not you, it's not anyone From me to you Ah, yes! Hey! I'm gonna be your friend because she's obsessed with people who sing, is that what you're saying? You know what? You know what you're telling? You know what you're telling? Yeah, I'm glad he's keeping it, you know what you're saying? You're gonna get better into that connection, you big dip to it, skip it Skip it I like it I like it Sing Because I'd imagine at this point as well Hello me I love you You're home He's around He's down on the socials and all Do you have Instagram? Do you take down your thumbs? You know what? I think I'm a fine love, I mean The only problem with this is that you have nothing This is the only thing that would do your mlech The dating app Yeah, Paige, I'm just gonna call you that from now on, it's a fucking... It's like a non-physical version of the club Oh yeah The lovely reminds me of a night out with the lads You know what I mean? And just this bird comes over, that's what it says Ah You know, I'm your Instagram And you're like, first of all, I mean, I'm not 12 Ah, no Yeah, but it's like, yes, yes, I do blah blah blah But I remember it so Why do you prefer to approach the girl? Is that where you prefer? Or do you like it when girls approach you? You know what? When you're asking a man, is... Do you like to be fucking... Like, what you're basically asking... You don't know what I'm asking What you're basically asking me about is... Do you like to be fed? Or do you want to feed yourself? Yes, some people like to be fed... Everyone loves to be fed No, not all the people Everyone loves it Anyone who says, no, I don't I'd love to go up to the girl Blah blah blah Bolog! A lot of people Fat, Bolog Yes, so every guy likes when a girl comes over Ah, right That chef, the only problem is you gotta be careful with that Because I might inflate that guy's ego to the fucking roof Ah, right Like, whew Like that You might think he can take over the world now But you know what's funny? Imagine if he can sing, oh he's came over He thinks he's gonna be just in Beerah There's always this thing, like, there's always this thing Like, between the girls, it's like If you go out with an ugly guy That guy would absolutely think that he owns the world Yeah Like, that's it He is the men, the man's man You know Yes, funny It is so... And she's rude, yeah I think it was the other way around though Say the girl is not really good looking And the guy's like 10 out of 10 No, it does work Do you think the girl also thinks she's like What, I don't know? The cream of the crop, I don't know the same I don't think she'll think that, but... Well, what the fuck do I know? But I think she'll think She's probably more attractive than what she is Oh, I wish I could Unless she's quite self-aware and she knows, you know I'm here for the humor Yeah, that's fine, like... That's the thing, it's like... I was watching this guy say it's like Why do these videos always turn fucking dating forward? It is literally their dating But anyways, this guy was just saying, look If you're not very attractive And I said that about Mark Anthony in the past, you know Yes But fucking everyone, they get to meet Mark Anthony It's plenty of evidence That's how cold you ugly, mate But the other time, actually Yeah, but it's like there's so many things you can still do You know, it's like obviously good hygiene Like good look good Like... Like heck at styles I mean, there are so many Yeah, personality, body language All these shit definitely helps And at the end of the day And you don't have to be the funny guy Because you can be Because I think that sometimes... You might definitely help, though, I... No, but there are some times where you get these guys That are not the most gifted looking But they get the best style And they... There's something about them that you're like, I'm in Oh, definitely I'm in Being good at something Being really good at something That's also very attractive Like I've mentioned that about girls to me It's like that's one of the most fucking attractive things That I can... I don't know, think of Or sing it Yeah, because I can literally just sit there and look at them And you're like, wow, yes Yes, I totally agree I totally agree But go on, John Hey, sing it, Maldita Can you sing for me? No Yeah Oh, he's so nice He's so nice I'm symphony Can you sing it for me? All right They're in a car They're a car? Yeah, they're in a car Oh, freaking out And now your song is on me You've got to drop original stuff, you're so good It's like, drop me a mixed tape But that's not gonna need to be that You're not gonna be a link on me So if you want That person in the back of the ghost I just wanna be put on this symphony Will you hold this? Well, I'll just hold this Hold this, hold this This symphony I could have sat down there, maybe, oh Will you hold this? I ain't not let go That was so good, you're so talented I'm sorry, but I'm pretty Where are you from? I'm from Denmark Denmark Oh, wow I've heard of many good singers from the past Yeah, now ladies, gentlemen If I can spread that fucking room I'm more I'll be missing that song Look, I've got a little hunting hat on that Am I here hunting for the for the for the for the for everyone to know that I made sense And we've fucking moved on Gone by the help me put the video back up So there is a Take the weirdness out of this Black Raid Oh god What's your name? My name is Kipeps But you can call me mine Will you be come on at the top of the gate? At the top of the gate? You know what? That was super smooth I would have totally felt for that Yes Yes, if, right Then I'll then I agree I agree with this that polite pursuit But you can call me mine If you don't wanna see me Then see me so nobody Oh If you want me Just breathe And if you could stop me Oh, yeah, have me here Bitch of puffer keep the neck no fear Oh, fuck dude Is making trouble that you would kill God bless that man Oh, hello VPN Ruined the moment Oh, yeah Oh, right, so you're getting a little VPN And then he goes to different parts of the world To that way he can sing to People from Denmark You know, what are you calling them? Teenish Delights Teenish Delights They're not a treat Is that a thing though? They're not No, Turkish Delights They're not the thing they're doing But like, not to, you know I've never had the, what is he called? The original one, like made by Turkish people But the store bought version of the Turkish Delights Not my favorite thing No, it's not great I thought I was talking about I've never had it It's like a jelly Oh, jeez It's like a jelly, but it's... It's like a jelly, but it's... No, isn't it? No, but it's covering powder sugar Oh, it's... It's like... Oh, wow Anyway, what's going on? A little overwhelming, but I've never had like a proper... A Turkish person in one year This guy is an apologetic So, go on I'm playing some guitar And if I laugh, you can Did she say... Oh, fuck off! Did she say, wam? You can play wap Oh, wap? I think she does what she asks But can we just look... Not to judge anyone Yeah, what in the guitar? Wap Oh, best part I just wanna see And I just wanna see how I thought I watched it Oh, best part And I know that I see it I know you watch it Where you go and fall on You know what? I love the encouragement That is really good Continue I like to hear life Oh, look so young though I think they're all young You're the best part You're the best part These are... John loves it Yeah Oh my God! That was really good Sometimes kind of loves you It's just gonna say The only problem is You know What? They're like, you know They're like so, you know They're so young Maybe I think he's young too Of true Maybe he doesn't even know I'm not saying that I'm just saying what the fuck You know He's like being back in high school to be honest That's what it reminds me of And he's a thing, right? Like I've told my stories You guys know me You guys know my school for a long time now But you guys know me and all that shit, right? Like I had good times in high school I had shit times in high school High school moments where I would cringe at my own shit Some of those moments still wound you until today You know what I mean? Because I thought I thought I would be really smooth Dude, I remember there was this one fucking time And no, no damage I thought there was this one time where I took this girl out on a date One very badly, okay? One very bad, it was terrible It sucked And then I thought I thought like It was so dramatic at the end Because we both were like You're not for a fucking We're not for a fucking day But then I felt something Something pulled me back Because I've been watching movies Because I was 14 You know what I mean? Something pushed I was 15 maybe Even worse Oh god First I had a gust of wind And then I walked back to her Like Oh yes, you know, she's gonna have to You know, we're gonna fucking Rikindle like in a movie Serendipity Yeah, all that shit And then we look at each other And it was like yeah, nah No, no, we look at each other And then she says What do you want? And then I was like I was like I am I am That's cold And I just walked away Oh, she is cold bro You heard me This is what that shit reminds me of The crazy thing is I was such a fucking maniac back then But I was like I have to do this to someone else To just, you know what I mean? To even out the karma No! I didn't do it, I didn't do it I didn't do it, I didn't do it I didn't do it I didn't do it Nice I didn't do it I don't believe you What I did it But it wasn't like the same It wasn't like the same I didn't tell her what do you want No No, no, no, no I just sort of told her like Uh-huh What do you want I don't want to do any of it I sort of told her Go back to your hole What do you need? Like, what do you come back? Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah And then at that time I thought It would be even I was even with karma You were even with the universe Exactly, so Throw the fuck you on up me mate You know what I mean? And after that I'm ready, I'm ready I think after 17 I sort of caught it Caught it, caught it, caught it, of a roll Oh, did you? And then, but dude There's some memories From the past that God That's what that reminds me of To be completely honest, to be completely honest Some of the moments in high school that I have From like, in the rational This is a PTSD, that's what I'm saying Yeah, it is, yeah That's the key What do you mean? I mean, here for a music, though V2 I'll smell it I'll smell it Did you put the key in the middle of the filter? Just making drugs that you're a killer I'll smell it Show you it on my intention Yeah, it is on my only intention It's dying to pretend to be a killer Bro, drop the full thing To be completely honest His version is so much better than the original What, intentions, right? My just to be one Baby, wow Just pull it back Pull They go with the green nails Cheers You can see the love in her eyes Oh, no, no, no That's enough You're winning off hearts like that son Oh, play more Yeah, that's fucking outrageous Oh my god, I like you so much Why are they even open? How did they, but maybe they're so small, they fit in a fucking microwave They're micro-worthy It's the micro-worthy Why are they inside, inside a micro-worthy? I don't actually know, what is it? Oh underneath a bed No, it's not a bed, it's like a... it's like an oven Yeah Okay Baby, no Thank you, thank you so much Oh, he's saying Hello Hi Are you a singer or are you a player? Are you a player? I'm trying, I'm trying to be a singer Oh, are you a singer? I thought she asked him, are you a singer or are you a player? No, are you a singer? Oh, right, we see, mate Bro, we're friends But I don't know what to expect from this Can you sing for me? Alright He's too smooth I would be drinking the whole time Her hair is pretty Yeah I know you are a star Yeah When you go a follow No matter how far She's really thinking all her life choices Only on the best part Oh, the best part Bro Listen, listen, listen, listen This is the type of... Because when people say, aw, can you sing for me? The last thing they imagine That's why I did The last thing they imagine is that he'd be that good I mean, that's why the whole, you know, that's why the video works That's why it's so popular, that's why everything I mean, it's just... It's just the last thing you imagine This is the girl from the beginning, right? Let's finish on this I wanna see her Okay And I use song It's only me And I'm dancing To your heart And when you're gone I feel incomplete So if you want to I thought I went to school with all these girls You know that song? I think so I know me for a new season So funny Yeah Will you hold me tight? Hey, listen, sorry, don't go on fire Come back to your cupboard Like a love song But ready all Will you hold me tight in the lake home? Listen, John Please drop me a freaking mixtape That is acoustic and broken That's the concept I'll put it out there, right? He's an open invitation for John, right? He's more than welcome to come and be podcasted Yes, and I'd love to have a chat with him Because I wanna know all the fucking stories Because it's a funny thing when we had Carloyan, right? He sort of does these bits and box, right? Yes And it's like, you know, they stream for so long I don't know what you call it So go live, I don't know You go in their omega thing for so long You do hours, right? I always have an end And you know, this is, I don't know, 10 minutes I figured out that you know, we're fun enough But he was there for hours So I'd love to chat to him to see what the fuck Where's the craziest stories? Because I'm pretty sure the most crazy stuff is there And he's a charming lad, obviously I'm sure he is He's so approachable though And he's finally right off the get-go And so charming and approachable You know what? I'm a fan of this things This things are fun to watch But not to like, I don't know how I feel about their website still I still don't know I don't understand what his fucking website is for But people are telling me That he's basically like a dating guy But the things he blew up because of the pandemic So a lot of people, I guess, where, you know, start at home and they want it, you know, some sort of connections Some are speaking to strangers But this website is old I remember going around like I thought it was called like, relate to something When we were kids, it was called like, relate No, I think I'm a relate I'm a relate I'm a ledge Oh, sorry, oh, me go It was around when I was in high school That's how old it is Really, fuck yeah There was one, I was called like a relate Like, it was like random And then you would go... But you couldn't put your camera though Ah, right, it was a sad thing That someone was gonna fucking... Find you in your home Because back then no one knew what other fucking inter-work Yes, that's true But and he's the other thing as well, he's like, no You get an embarrassing story, right? And he's like, you know, when I was in high school, in secondary school You have an embarrassing moment like that, blah blah Maybe there's some rumours spread And you live on, you live your life, you fuck off But now, there's stuff... Millions views Or Instagram, millions views, or now this like that Group chats on the website Yeah, you know, talking about you So, god damn dude But anyways, let us know what you guys thought about it Have you used Oh, me ledge TV Have you found love? Do you like to sing on it? What else is in there? I can see what type of shit They will be in there And it's quite dark Let us know what you thought about it and goodbye