 Welcome back to Max reaction. How are you doing today? Hopefully you're having a good day. A blessed day. I'm having a good day myself and my family. And we're gonna react to a subscriber requested video. It's a PNP training. It's PSBRC and they're training at the CRATC. That's where they train. Philippine National Police. I do believe. And so let's check it out. I was told this is gonna be badass that I'm really gonna like it. And it will be impressive. So let's see if it's all those things. Let's check it out. Let's do this. Yeah. Sage. Riley. Taz. Yeah. Send me free and give me death. There ain't no other choices. We're not like granicola. Sleep, I keep on hearing voices. Little whispers in my head, man. They should fake a lawyer. I know what I did. That's the sign of baby picking voices. These little demons living. Yeah. Sage. Riley. Taz. Yeah. Send me free and give me death. There ain't no other choices. We're not like granicola. Sleep, I keep on hearing voices. Little whispers in my head, man. They should fake a lawyer. I know what I did. That's the sign of baby picking voices. Little demons living underneath my baby creeping. No to real, my cellulose above my sleeping. So far, this song is like the perfect song that Jackie up getting ready for it. Let's see what kind of skills they got. Let's do it. That subtle breathing in your closet every single evening. That you never see me again. Let's compete and see when they hear the sound of the trauma. They'll be saying, oh Lord, here they come. Yeah. Here we come. Yeah. Here we come. Here we come. Here we come. Here we come. Here we come. Woo. Here we come. I used to think that people died because they were getting out days. People want to see you dead because you didn't get that bad ready for my tomb since I came about the phone. So no, man. Did he just climb up that dude and kick that thing off his head? What? What? I don't know what I'm coming back. I'm paying you a visit. So I'm coming. I'm repeating it. But y'all wouldn't listen. You can't protect your pictures if you never broke. Just flip pages. Flip pages. It may change. It's still dangerous. Now I'm back. I'll take care of your whole still. I'll make you famous. Hus. Woo. Did you see that? What kind of moves are they doing? You know, um, what kind of, what kind is that? I'm sure you get some of you know, but I wouldn't want to fight one of these dudes with a sword because they would have me cut up in little pieces before I even realized what was going on. Feel baby, when you say you love me, it's a real baby. Force people, it's on the wheel, baby. Young tens. Oh. Feel baby, you know that you're a baby. Yeah. And when you hit a sound of a drum, we'll be saying, here we come. Woo. Yeah. Here we come. Woo. Well, this is Jackie up, man. Because you give the band ready for my tombs since I came up like the phone so no matter what I'm coming back and pay you a visit So I come in I predict but y'all wouldn't listen Oh you can't protect your bitches if you never burp bitches flip pages When places may change it still dangerous now I'm back I'll take it your whole still I make your penis hard feel better when you say you love me is a real baby For people's hands on the wheel back young tass coming from the most feel better You know the trail better oh Oh Oh We say it here we come Yeah here we come Here we come Here we come That's cool that's cool that's cool take it out Here we come Here we come Wow What great editing for one thing Perfect song with the skills the skills kit did you see the skills of these men? Straight up I did not know there was Filipino ninjas and now I do they Whether it was with their feet or whether it was with the sword what do I mess with one of these guys at all I'm your friend so letting you know I'm max reaction Yeah my name's Rodney you see them in the Philippines I'm a friend I'm not a foe I promise um I need to make some friends with these guys because they're total badass It's straight up Ninja stuff. I didn't even know the p&p was into that but of course they are because we just ain't it with our own eyes And my subscriber my little subscriber was Definitely spot on when they said I would be impressed I am I need to find more of these videos Just to watch because it kind of pumps you up, you know And it's good to know that people like that with that kind of skill are out there and they're the good guys um It's awesome. Anyway, those are my thoughts those are my feelings those are my reactions. What's your thoughts? What's your feelings? What's your reactions? Put it down below also let me know what I should be reacting next don't forget that don't be shy leave a comment And hopefully I see you in the next reaction peace