 So we have just arrived here at the Sphere Manila and so far it's pretty awesome. Very beautiful. We're in the sky on the 25th floor. There's only 27 floors on the building. But we've got some really fun treats from them so I'll come and check it out. I love nature and that kind of stuff but I also love skyscrapers and big cities and these kind of views. It's amazing. So let's show you the food. So we turned out to some biscuits. granola. Yum. We have, we actually have a kitchen here so we can prepare our food. Some jelly, sweets, chocolates, fruit and a bottle of wine. So yeah, we're so excited to be in Manila. All right welcome to Manila for our first ever time here in Manila we've decided to go straight in at the deep end for a food market experience. We found the first thing there are tons and tons of different night markets and food markets and things around so it's a bit of a like need in a haystack situation. We have found one called Macato Central. There's the Instagram and those are all their locations. However it's a Friday evening and apparently the one that we were going to go to could take up to an hour to get there so we've opted for one a little bit closer let's go and check it out. Apparently it's not that easy to get a taxi. I brush our in Manila Central. The guy is here trying to fly us down a cab. So let's see. Okay. I hope we'll get that. All right so we're here. You know when there's nobody that lives local to tell you these things and show you around so we think this is it. It's in the right place. It's a little bit smaller than what we thought it would be so maybe there is another one. We came to this one today. I'm very hungry. We're going to check it out. Let's see. Get the big chepe ones. What's it called? Corn dog. It has, right, what's it going? Five. Motorrela. Motorrela and so on. Half the story. Sounds interesting. So these two things and fastest $3.87. Malia is doing fast. $210, right? $210 pesos $3.87. Let's try it. This one already tastes a little bit spicy but I don't think you're going to think it's spicy. Okay let's try it. That's so hot. Oh my god it's like lava. Maybe give me a minute. Come back to me later. Where's the sausage? Empty inside. Red chips and mozzarella cheese. Maybe it's down there but in there that's just cheese. I want to try this. You want to try it? Okay your time. The crab fingers is what they call it. Sure. The lady said we need to try it with the sauce. Yeah, not too spicy. I know what is this. How hot is this? You want to try it? Sure. You need at the same time. No. It's very fishy. I'm pretty sure it's squid. What are they? Wow. I think we have. Would you like to try one? No. Crunchy. Yeah? That's be honest. When you deep fry something it tastes like deep fry. Like it will taste the same. It's called the quail egg. It's like an egg. It's nothing there. Do you eat the whole egg? I couldn't even taste something. It's nice. Cheesy something. Cheesy dynamite. Cheesy explosion. Something to do with. Something to explode. It's cheesy. Yeah? It's nice. Do you like it? It's like a cheesy jalapeno. Oh nice. Okay, so not that it's a bad thing because we love coming to new places. We were just speaking to them and they said this market is actually here every day. This is just before Venice Piazza. But they did say there's another market just down the road and we think that's Mercato Central. We're pretty sure it's down the road. We don't want to fill up too much here because we've also seen they've got some amazing looking desserts. So stay tuned to see if we find this mysterious market. The apparently is very popular. We found it. So we were in the wrong place. We were. There's a bit of a more filtered organized. The other one had a lot more going on. So let's see what there is here when we go back to the other one. Because we hadn't actually looked around fully. So yeah. So it's some sort of a seaweed wrapped with noodles inside. Why not? Well I can taste the seaweed. The outer there is really crispy. And then the inside is obviously noodles. Actually works. So we're getting an ice scramble. Basically crushed ice with syrup on top and then toppings. Yeah. I think so. You look good. You look good. Yes. I don't know what I'm eating. It tastes like bubble gum, right? Yes. Bubble gum. It tastes like bubble gum. Try it. Yeah, but it's just that. It doesn't taste like bubble gum. I'm no idea what it is. It's still yummy. All right. It's about to taste the you know. Just something simple. I don't know. Chicken. I just need my protein. So I got some chicken and some liver. That would do me now for the rest of the night. The delicious. Yeah. I don't like the powder. The powder, yeah. It's got the powder in it. So tell me, what do you think of the difference between time and my market and this what would the experience of our again? Okay. Based only on this experience. I wouldn't say there's a million miles in it. Like Philippines is generally inspired, like the food I think is inspired from a lot of the Asians. And to be honest, all night markets they tend to mix it up and bring different flavours in and things like that. I get this from a time night market, the same thing. Things are definitely sweet to it. Let's put it that way. The food is really nice, but I've definitely noticed an extra level of sweetness. But yeah, I'm definitely interested to try one more. All right. Last one. What did we go up? Okay, so this is the last thing. Go cheese balls over here. No traditional way. All right, so it's going to be our last thing for this evening in terms of the food that we thought I'd just do a quick wrap up of the costs. Obviously we ate more than we would eat if we were just coming. So I only feel our bellies. But the corn dog plus the extras there was two out of ten. The little mixer foods that I got where I got the crabs. Cheese explosions or whatever they were, the quail eggs and everything. That was two hundred and fifty five pesos. The noodle and seaweed wrap that Ena got when she was here was a hundred pesos. Water formed you. Actually, I think that's the biggest ripoff of the day, the 40 pesos for the water. The chicken and the liver skewers came to eight pesos. The crushed ice, sugar, bucket, whatever one of that was. It was even too sweet for a five-year-old to finish. I'll add was ninety pesos. And then finally Ena at the end had scallop and cheese skewers for a hundred and twenty pesos. So the total of tonight's food came to eight hundred and ninety five pesos, which is around sixteen dollars fifty for three people and an unfold. You're full? We're pretty full and I think we could have done it for less than ten dollars for sure and still been very happy. But we wanted to try a lot of things so that we can show you guys what Manila has to offer. Tell them what are we doing next? We're going on the track! We're literally cruising inside the mall. One, two, three, four! I've never seen a train that goes inside malls like this. It started outside where the day before was and now we're literally in the shopping. I wish I could always shop like this. I wish I could always shop like this. Come and sit. Oh, absolutely exhausted. So we're back at the hotel. We're staying with the sphere. The sphere, service departments or service residences. All of the places here come with kitchens. They have studios. They have single one-bedroom apartments, two-bedroom apartments. And they gave us a little gift. A little pricey. Now we know what most of the stuff was. Obviously it was gummy bears, malteezers, cookies, granola, amazing. And then this, this I thought was a jar of mustard. It looked like a jar of mustard. It's called... No, not at all. Penny pig, polveron. Penny pig polveron. And a little Google search has told me this is basically a mix of flour, sugar and butter. And it's made like a little sweet kind of dessert thing. Let's just give it a little sample. Somalia wants to try first. Okay, ready? Go A. Hey. She's trying to wait for the rest. Feed me. Is this really a thing? Guess so. It is unlike anything I've ever tasted. It's a tree flour and it tastes like cake mix. You know what it's like a dry cake mix before you've like before you turn it into the paste. And you like lick the bowl. Is this a thing? Is this normal? Yeah. Philippine audience, our new wonderful Philippine audience, please tell us. Is this... I mean, it's really nice. Also, when would you eat this? Just generally as a snack as a dessert. I mean eating it right. This is how you should eat it. Should it be a sprinkle on something? You know what? I have discovered tonight that I literally have no idea what a lot of the things here are. And I just... It's like earlier today we had that food, the breakfast. And somebody commented and said that it's not a Philippine breakfast. And I was just like, we don't know anything. So... Exactly. Let us know this is us experiencing food in the Philippines and Manila for the first time. Okay, so this wraps up our... evening of... Eating. Food and festivities here in Manila. It was an interesting first night to come and get out there and explore. We've had a long day. We're really tired. So yeah, it's a short one. We've been up since 4am, so... 330. So it is a short one but hopefully you enjoyed it. If you are part of our new Philippine audience, is the food that we had tonight typical? Or have we just seen like a glossy magazine version of what is the true Filipino food? Or comment down below what is a must-try Filipino food? Because we're really interested. We're here. We want to try things. Okay, so if you like what we do, a few more vlogs from Manila coming next. So hopefully you guys will enjoy that and see you on the next one. Bye-bye.