 Wow!! All right, so... Good morning guys! Today is Saturday here in the Philippines. And for today's video, it's another day in our live video. Gracie is really gonna turn off the lights from the gate. How are you guys doing? Alright, so... It's very sunny every day. It's a season. It's never been raining in a while now. Oh, hold on. Another one. Good one. Okay, hold on. I might do a harvest the banana later because... Yeah, I saw... There's another ripe banana. It's very sunny today. What a beautiful day. Okay. I got so much laundry to do today. So, busy day. But, bless this in half a school. I'm telltune morning 8. I got so much laundry to do today. So, busy day. But, bless this in half a school. I'm telltune morning 8. I'm telltune morning 8. I'm telltune morning 8. I'm telltune morning 8. I'm telltune morning 8. Are you trying to grow your beard, honey? Huh? Yeah, I'm gonna buy red hats soon. Santa! He's a rainbow! Day in light. She wants the wear those dress. She wants to be like... Princess! I think I want to find this when I'm disturbing. I don't know. Downs are possible. It depends on Gracie. I appreciate it. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. officin a We can't check inside, it's okay. It looks super million. I'll ask him to put this in the box first. I'll give you some lunch. I'm going to go get some lunch from San Srivau. Let's check on the kids. Are you having fun? Huh? Make friends. Bless. Go play with other kids. Look at the mongi outside. It's so busy. Mommy, this is the paper fly. That's the rubber fly. That's the rubber fly. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. I'm doing my life videos. You'll be there. You'll be on the mongi anyway. I'm going to get some coffee from Starbucks. See you. Veg-tibull shopping. It's so pretty, isn't it? So pretty. We usually do our vegetable shopping every Saturday because Sunday is a busy day. We're usually busy every Sunday. So it's better to go on Saturday. It's not that busy and it's not hot. I don't like doing my vegetable shopping on Sunday because it's very hot during the day. So this is better. We say hey, hey. Do you like the lights? So pretty. Yeah. Look at the job done. 180? It's pretty low. I don't have cauliflower. Take a look at the lights. 120. This is the same. 70 pesos. 90 per kilo. 90 per kilo. 95? It's not that big. It's not that big. It's not that big. It's not that big. It's not that big. It's not that big. Guys, that's over. This is all cost for 1000 pesos. Everything including the fruit, vegetables and everything. I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little fish, then I'll be a fish in some rice and broccoli. It's healthy dinner.