 Elon Musk believes in the Philippines. He's investing billions to place satellites over the Philippines. I learned something new already. I think that will create a lot of jobs. Yeah. What's up Philippines? Welcome to a brand new reaction video. Finally, if you watched yesterday's update video, thank you for coming right back today for the actual reaction video. We haven't seen the update video pop up right here. And today we're reacting to a video that both Net and I are very excited about. Because it is something that we truly believe in. Today we are reacting to the Philippines investment bill. If you guys watch our mentioned on making it happen, you already know that Nell and I are true believers of investing in the Philippines. So this is going to be very, very exciting for us. Nell and I, we invested in real estate here in the Philippines because it's just pretty much the best country in the world to invest in real estate right now. So we excited to see this reaction video to see this video. It's an actual video. Yeah, I'm out of practice. So yeah, me too. Yeah, excuse me. Sorry, sorry. We already felt it. Like we spent a lot of time here in the Philippines and now we're just listening to some facts. Right? All right. Listening to the news. Without further ado, let's jump right into it. And... Foreign investments are a key part of helping a country's economy grow. In both the past and future, they are one of the leading sources of funding for businesses and infrastructure developments. There is, however, one country that is continually lagging behind its peers when it comes to these foreign investments. We're talking about the Philippines. A country with some of the strictest policies when it comes to foreign investments. It has a law that citizens often call this 6040 rule, which restricts foreign entities from owning more than 40% of a business in the country. This thing creates a huge problem as it discourages potential investors. However, in recent years, things have started to change. The government has enacted a so-called game-changing law, a law which would allow foreign entities to finally own 100% to the business in the Philippines. According to experts, this agenda will finally enable the nation to be an attractive investment destination. Yes. But just how much? Is the opportunity for foreign entities? There was a big change just a few weeks ago, right? An investment interest already died down for the country. Before we move on, don't forget to leave us a like and subscribe for more. The change of the owner. Quick break. Elon Musk believes in the Philippines. He is putting stalling. Yeah. He's investing millions and billions and billions to place satellites over the Philippines to bring us super, super fast internet. Yeah, so if Elon Musk thinks the Philippines is great to invest. Yeah. What else do you have to know? Ownership law in the Philippines was enacted in the early months of 2022, following decades of limiting foreign influence on the nation's businesses. Throughout these decades, there have been several debates and even some laws that allow foreign ownership to enter the country, but there are still some limitations attached to it. This recent shift, however, is said to be the biggest reform for foreign investments in the nation. This new legislation will allow foreign owners to earn 100% ownership of every type of business in the community, with only a few exceptions in key industries. Nevertheless, these are enormous moments which may be a signal to the world that the Philippines is getting serious about receiving foreign investments. As the public finally opens its doors to foreign investments, in the next few years or so, it may finally experience tremendous foreign investments to rival that of emerging countries. This will enable the businesses and enterprises of the country to further push their innovation through strong funding. Moreover, having foreign entities have larger stakes in businesses would mean they have a stronger voice within the corporation. Leaning on local knowledge has thus far only benefited businesses to grow locally, but with the help of foreign intelligence, this will change and may push the Philippines to grow businesses capable of competing globally. Furthermore, the introduction of foreign investment will help push business valuation upwards. This means that business, whether it is publicly traded in the Philippine Stock Exchange or privately held, will be more expensive as there is an increase in demand within these enterprises. While the opportunity is indeed a massive transformation, it also comes with some disadvantages to it. The entrance of foreign businessmen to the country means that locals will have new competitors, and what's more terrifying is that these competitors may have higher funding and better knowledge. This has the potential to crush the local competition. In the short term, in the long term however, we believe that this will create a more innovative marketplace within the Philippines, pushing for better products, better designs, lowering the cost of goods and services. These will all enable the citizens to be richer and have more money to spend as costs may get lower. These challenges may also enable foreign enterprises to monopolize certain industries and pull all the profits to themselves. It is only up to the government and local players to ensure that this won't happen. The Philippines is known to be an emerging market and a new industrialized country. This is also a big attractive factor for investors' bubble-ups. Several experts around the world have even called that emerging markets are going to be the next big destination. The timely introduction of this change will likewise be an amazing feat for the nation. This newly enacted decree will be beneficial for its startup ecosystem. It is relatively known that during the lockdowns of the past few years, the country has produced internet winners and businesses that thrived and changed during the shifting times. This has given the likes of e-commerce, fintech, and blockchain and innovation boost. With these, there are now thousands of startups out in the land that have gained traction, and foreign funding will likely disrupt the status quo and give them a massive push. We got in this video and as said, we truly believe investing in the Philippines. We invested in real estate and will continue to do so. We actually have an amazing real estate broker here in the Philippines. Sile, that has helped us out. For foreigners who definitely want to invest in the future here and have a condo with great payment terms. Not just foreigners, anybody. Because we bought the condo and it's like 0% finance and it's very little capital to get into the real estate market, which is really, really good. Don't trust us. Our broker Sile will put her details in the description box down below. She can help you out with all the information. We should don't trust us, I mean. Don't get financial advice from a vlogger, you financial advice from a specialist. So overall, we think that these investments will bring more jobs for the country. The unemployment rate is very high in the Philippines. I think a lot of people will receive a higher education, higher income. More jobs will be created and overall, everybody will benefit from it. That's our point of view. Let us know in the comments down below what you think about it and if you see any advantages or disadvantages, we are really eager to read the comments and reply to a few of them. Let us know if you enjoyed this video. If you want to see more like investment videos, sorry about my thumb and subbing, I'll figure out pinched in a card. Subscribe and see you next time on Whatsapps, I'll see you!