 It's a little bit scared as well to be honest. I felt unsafe and that I wanted to live in the country. When we first arrived, I wasn't actually too happy about it. Specifically said that this would not be a country where we settle down it. We couldn't just understand how anything worked. Welcome to another day in Paradise. Yes, we're in Paradise, we're in Shagawa. And today, whatever we're doing, we're... We got some questions a few weeks ago and a lot of people asked what we think of the Philippines. And so we think this episode is going to be us talking about that. Why did we actually move to the Philippines? And our likes and also a few dislikes about living in the Philippines. To be able to do this, I think we need some coffee, we need some snacks. So let's head over and get some pander surf. Yeah. Let's go. We're just arrived in Towing Towing. We're going to talk about what we love about the Philippines. We're going to talk about it at our most beloved place within the Philippines. Right there. And we have a few things. We're going to plant this little one. And we're going to show you what we did last time. Yeah, and we're kind of failing with that thing last time. So that's where we need this one. Yeah. And we didn't upload a video last week because I've been a little bit sick. Nothing... dangerous. What do you say? Nothing too serious. Yeah, nothing too serious. Which is a small cold. But I was coughing and it was not very nice to film that. So now I'm better and we have a lot of things to do. Even though I'm just in love with Philippines right now, when we first arrived, I wasn't actually too happy about it. I specifically said that this would not be a country where we settle down it. And I would love it. But we arrived in Sabu in March 2020. So right when the lockdowns were happening. And so I think the big piece, the number one, is we could not find decent food. We were vegan at the time. And trying to find vegan food in Sabu City as a total no-wise and having no idea where to go. Impossible. We as couldn't find any decent food at all. What we're fiddling today, where there's this entrance. This is the entrance to the property. We got that stretching out with our friends on both sides. And then where you enter, the idea is to have these massive plants coming up. And we only did a tiny stretch so far. We really liked the combination of these banana trees. And I'm not sure what they're called actually, but we call these guys elephant ears. Which I think is really, really cool. But they're all kind of dying at us after we replanted them. So hopefully with today's little pruning, they can do better. Coffee? It's coffee time already. This is a coffee go actually. So not real coffee. Not a peanut coffee. Yeah. True. I think actually people are curious about why reading the like to food peens in the beginning. Okay, so food was one thing, right? We couldn't find any decent vegan food, which were at the time, you know, longer vegans. And also, we couldn't just understand how anything worked. Nothing made any sense. You went to the supermarket and the lines were forever and everything was done manually. And we couldn't find what we needed. One thing that I'm thinking of, it's not why we didn't like the Philippines, but one thing that's different. So when we went to the store in the Philippines the first times, and there is a queue to the cashier. And sometimes there were no queue. Like people were just standing like in no line. It just stood like wherever. And it felt like people tried to cut in line and go first. And in Sweden, that's really rude. We are really strict with our queues and lines. You have to stay in the queue. Of course, it happens that people do it as well, but everyone will be super mad at that person, right? So that was something that we thought was a little bit annoying. I also thinking about going to the market. Like we are used to, you're going to the supermarket and you find everything. You find everything from veggies, to fruit, to rice, to pasta, to meat, like whatever you want to have. Here, which we like now, like you have to go to the market to find fish. You have to go to the market, to the veggie market, to find veggies. We have to go to one store to buy whatever you know. And as I said, we used to go to one place. And here you have to go to like 10 places to do your normal shopping, which was a little bit annoying in the beginning. And to be fair, it was COVID times. And the supply chains were having problems. Even we came from Australia and they were running a toilet paper, right? So everyone was having problems at the time, but it was such a big difference from what we were used to. And the other thing, you have to be fair. Like we have to count in COVID and all this because everything was not like it used to be. It was an insect on my arm. There was a passion shot, right? Talking about tourists being like trapped in pig boxes and like really extreme measures in the beginning of COVID. I'm not sure if that was rumors or if that actually happened. Yeah, hopefully it was only rumors, but that made us a little bit scared as well to be honest. I felt unsafe and that I wanted to leave the country. We have been here for two years now and I feel super safe like wherever we go. Boom! That's how it looks like. It looks tiny right next to this banana tree. But hopefully it will grow into a very nice business eventually. And the part of our entrance, the whole point is for this to be a jungle. Every time we come home, we're met by this big round circle and entering into a jungle. So looking forward to that. Okay, let's go upstairs. We got some property signs to cut up. I must say one of the things I really love about Philippines is the nature here. Even though everything grows so quickly compared to back home, the kind of tropical climate. Right now that's also a bit of a hindrance. Our stairs and land is just continuously overgrowing and we can't really be bothered to do anything about it. It's just plants everywhere. Alright, what do you want to do first? You want to fix the stairs? Or you want to fix the private property signs? The stairs because I slept before. Okay, let's do the stairs. Alright, so the fresh day here. We didn't have too much to share out on the land last time. So figure we continue this vlog today. We're at Homemade Taste. In Shagawa, where you get nice vegan homemade food and we're playing Genga. How are we doing babe? Pretty good. I'm gonna win. I'm not too sure about that. Look at this move then. Boom! Alright, back to the topic at hand. I've got to say that the people in Philippines are just the most smiling and kind people that I've met during my travels. Right from the get-go when I came here doing COVID, there was a lot of restrictions. But yet the individual people are always super family to us and really try to help us out in any way they could. Wouldn't you say? Yeah, and as I said, my mom was here, which she was like following. People always tried to help. And that's where we'll be feeling all the time. Relic people actually want to be. Relic people are always there. Relic people are always there. Relic people are always there. Relic people actually want to help. Like genuinely want to help. It's not a question about money, it's not a question about favors and refaurs. It's all about just a genuine friendliness. I love that. Yes. Yes. Thank you. And I think this is also how we're solving for not finding good food in the Philippines. We find the right places. This is a great vegan place in Shreda. Oh, it's hot. And we always love food here. And this time it's Tempura Tufo and Tufo Shini Style, Tariaki. Now it's all my taste. So let's get Fido down to the beach. What do you love about the Philippines, babe? The beach. The Philippines was actually not nominated. What do you say? The winner. The winner. Yeah. The winner award, yeah. To like the best beach destination in the world. That's pretty cool. And we're living here. Yeah. So we had to rush home because it started to rain. It really feels like we're going to be in the beach. It really feels like we are in the rainy season right now. It just started here on Shagawa. I know it's a bit different from the rest of the Philippines, Romania, Laos, whatever. But it started to rain, so we head back home. No, it's sunny. No, it's sunny again. But that's how it rains. Rainy season is here, right? It's raining a little bit and the sun is raining a little bit. It's back and forth. Yeah. Anyway, I think that's it for this vlog. If you liked this, always do help us down by clicking the subscribe button, the like button, every button you see on this page. And we will see you next time. Ciao!