 This is how Adam put the light. This is one of our street lights. Our first street light we might get more. I don't know how to do it. This is like doing a full dancing. Like a tampon. So, it's evening here. Nice sky tonight. There's a glorious sunset earlier. But as you can see, it's a little bit dark in this area. Just like the gate. Show you what I mean. So, we have these new solar lights. Either side of the gate. There's one now. And there's one now. And what they do is they come on all-terrifying minutes dark. And they emit a little bit of light. When you get closer to them, they get even brighter. However, the car area, the garage, it's quite dark. They're like the undersides on because the dogs are fighting again. These boys. But if we've gone out for the night, or we've got home a little bit too late and it's dark, it's quite hard to reverse into the garage. We've bought another solar light, which we're going to put on the watermark, though. This one. Which I'll put. On this wall here, so if we're out, it can't automatically. And it will light up this whole garage area. So if we come home a bit late, then it'll come automatically. And it'll light up for us. These will come on. They were since movement. And they were lighting up even more. To illuminate our house at night. And it always. And our gates. So it's about half past six here. And we're back up the night. Back up the bouquet, back with James Perens. I'm going to pour them a little surprise. I feel like I've surprised this. And it's all so that you've got it. This is solar light. This is very, very useful because the brown out have in the Philippines, especially in the province. Or we get lots of brown out here. And this is for my mom and my parents. So we're going to put this out today. The cares. When there is brown out, they don't have to worry. So this light is 60 watt. It's a ceiling light. With a separate panel for solar charge in. And this has both white and yet in lights. So you can have different color temperatures to pin on the setting you want to have. There's a remote. There's a remote over here. It's on now. What you can do is change the color. You can have white or yellow. Or you can have white and yellow. You can pin on the mood setting you want. You can change the level of brightness for the light. And you can put it on a timer and automatic settings. So when it goes dark, it will turn on automatically. Or you don't need to have that on if you don't want it all the time. So this light here is going to be put in this room. It saves the money. It will come on automatically. They need it too. As you're unmatched to turn it on and off. But more importantly, when there's a brown out, they can have a light fitting. That they can use all the time. So we've got this from Lazada. But you can also get it from Shoppy as well. This will hopefully help them out a bit here. When there's brown outs. Also, it will save them a bit of money. So there's a puppy here. Couple of little puppies. There's a black puppy as well. So the light should help James Perrin, so I hear it in the mind and again. I try to find these little puppies. Oh dear, Isabella's got my shoes. It's like a golf glove. There's a little puppy. Okay, so cute. It fell. It's late. It's so cute. It's bigger than my head. Maybe my head's bigger. So we're going to put the solar panel for the light on the roof here where it's very sunny. Fade by in the mornings. Get plenty of sun. plenty of light. And it's so good and well. The best in the solar, especially here in the Philippines, is it's fantastic. As you do get quite a lot of sun. Even when it rains, the light's charged. I was now as a free light. Currency of our sun. And carry out in the background as you can probably hear. Typical Sunday in province. Good boy, James. Very loyal dog, Benjure. Man of Paul's way out the mountain. Just to take a class. He's a good boy. Good boy, Benjure. Good boy. James got a nice candy. Can you believe? After all those treats yesterday, swimming? Yeah, I think I have the surprise candy. What flavor is it? My love. My love. With milk. Anybody your mother? Yeah. Is she enjoying her time and her life? You know, just reminding me when I was young. And I was Benjure. You always have a skin day every time. Yeah, it's James. Like at school and resist time. Have I skin day, resist time. The lights aren't now. I'm going to test it to see how it works. So I have the sort of light in here. Let's give this a go. And then we have light. I change it to white and yellow. White or yellow? I think you do both. Both are probably strongest. But you can see the definite difference in colours. Then on the type of mood you want. For bed, yellow is good. Day time, all night time. You can have it on automatic. So if we come on, it's dark. All the time, I sort of stay off for three hours, five hours, it has. And the red light shows it's charging. Even though it's not the sunniest day here, it's charging up. And it lasts quite six to eight hours. I'm not going to be able to do that. Bit of a great day today. So maybe a great day today. But it's a great day to do some DIY as it's not too hot. So we have our second solar light. Now this is our garage area light. We're going to put this up now. If I can do it, you can do it. Clumsy Adam. Hopefully we won't make a mess of this. We got this with the other one from the Zada. You can also buy it from Shoppy. It's a solar street light. We're going to put this on the wall. Somewhere around here. This is approximately halfway between the garage area and the front gate. And this will attach on the end like that. So it's high enough that we're not going to bash our heads on it and the cars are not going to hit it coming in. But also it's low enough that it's going to generate enough light for this area. And it's heavy. It's quite heavy. So I'm going to need to make sure I drill this properly. It's 200 watts. And it should light up this whole area. So when we come home at night or in the evening, we've got a good light out here. We can always put a post here later and raise it even higher. Some of it like that. We're a lot with a big post attached to the wall. But for now we're going to put it on the wall. So it's got a spilt and solar panel. It's got two lights. It's got an arm off switch. You can also use a remote to turn it on. It will come automatically or you can change the settings so it comes off with a certain number of hours at all in certain situations. It's got a sensor which will detect movement underneath. Now that you can turn on and off as well. The cost of electricity in the Philippines is going up. But it's always good to use solar power. It's free energy, free light. We're right in the Philippines. It's so unpredictable. There is a tropical depression though on its way in. It's likely to reach typhoon status. Very soon. We have to wait and see what happens. Prepare for the worst. Hope for the best. It's a way of living in the Philippines. You can't let control your life. You just got to get on with stuff. Not worry about these things. But here the light will be. So you know what I mean? I'm not going to hit my head on it. I accident in the night. Sorry darling. The car I'm all right. Past that way. Yeah, yeah. Should be. How you know. Oh yeah, definitely. I mean, unless we have a seven foot tall guest, they can walk underneath it and not hit their head. I'm just going to drill one of them so that I can position the others afterwards. So now. Let's hope this works. So. Management store light. So where did I learn my DIY skills? If you call them skills. Well, I don't really have any. But my uncle's been a great help for me. He's always been there in my life. He's always helped me out with things like this. He's taught me how to use various tools. Not to kill myself. But my uncle has really helped me with this in the past. And always was a wisdom over how many years it's been. They've been so helpful. I really miss him. Hope he can visit this year. I'm my mom, of course. And the rest of my family. I have three fathers really, in my opinion. I have my natural dad, my birth dad. Do I love very much? I have James father, do I call Papa? I also love very much. He's very supportive. He's always been there for her. And for me, and for Isabella. And also my uncle, who's been in my life for so many years. He's been like a father. And I consider him a father. We've got an audience. Come to watch a DIY show of you guys. Let's move my hand, giving it eye out. Making sure the chicks are okay. I will do more. I'll change you. Let's do it, man. Like this tree is tight as possible. So this is how I don't put the lid. This is one of our street lights. Our first street light, we might get more. I don't know how to do it. This is like doing a full dancing. Like a tampoc. Very tampoc. I don't know what you do like that. It's a good workout on your shoulders and your calves and your back. I know I've got the towel down my back to catch all those sweat. It's not from the sun, it's from the hard work. But why do you have to hold like that? Like you're dancing, sorry. There we are. That's not going to move. So there we have our solar street light. We may get more. What we're going to see how this goes tonight. So when it comes on. There we are. So when it comes on. And there's movement. It will lighten up the whole area.