 Do you see yourself coming back to the Philippines in the future? No, never! You gonna smile and make the sun rise Hi guys! Today I am with this very pretty Korean Oh, Yann say yo! Yeah! So I met them and I'm so excited I'm gonna be having an interview with them So what are you guys doing here in Seibu? I'm just studying and I'm traveling with my family Yeah, are you guys friends? Yeah So for how long have you been in the Philippines? For five or four days I know For days? Only four days Yes, yeah Why did you decide to come to the Philippines? Oh, just friends Because I'm your friend Friends means And I'm just the chief First being in the economy because it's the chief Oh So because it's so cheap that's why you decided to come here I'm the leader So why did you decide to spend just a short time in the Philippines? Oh, I don't Students And my free time And meeting friends Ah, that's all You see how I'm actually like, oh yeah Because in the Korean movie they were like Ah Oh you're right Is this your first time in the Philippines, the 12 youth? Yeah Wow So what was your first impression about the Philippines? Um So many people and so many dogs So many dogs? Yes Okay Everywhere is dog here Okay What was in Korea? No dogs on the streets Oh Better than the Philippines Dogs And But it's Philippines Less than Philippines Oh, what about you? What was your first impression about the Philippines? I was just curious about the weather It's very hot It was your first rule You were on ESL students, right? Yes And are you planning to take high-else? Yeah And you are a academy? Yes Next week I changed my first year Ah So what can you say about the Philippines education? In the Philippines I don't have the idea I do You mean just But your studies here Yeah I think it's a mighty deal I don't like I think you know You're just following You know Oh Just following You don't have the idea You What do you think If somebody asks you Yeah Very when you go back to Korea And they ask you What can you say about the education in the Philippines Do you like it? Is it good? What will you say? I think Sometimes good Sometimes not good It's very defensive Teacher Oh Teacher is very good Yes Sometimes you like She's not smart Where are you? Well, culture is very good Next time If you want to study Go to Seaboo International Academy In Seaboo International Academy Your Tisha cannot be good to you Oh No You can decide to change your Tisha If you don't like the Tisha You go to the office and you tell them I want to change Then you change We are so Sometimes Sometimes we don't have a choice But in CIO You have a choice Because you are paying You're paying tuition You're paying accommodation All those days So you have a choice Your Tisha She's not be good to you Because if your Tisha is good to you How can you learn Yeah Yeah Do you like the Philippines so far? No No Really? Really? Why? No No So many Like For people We need Like Many children Or Some old men Always We have to To me Like money So Yeah That is what you look like Yeah As So many street dogs And yeah So many So sometimes I'm feeling very scared Because they are very mean And I heard No dogs Sometimes My people They Because they are hungry So hot And Some Almost The restaurants Not cheap Very expensive But they are serving Like Stair That year service It's not good So I'm just I'm in Korea Why about you? You like the Philippines so far? No Why so? With a nice weather Yeah He is so kind And friendly To me So many for reasons So many words For reasons For reasons For in North Oh So many for enough Yeah Oh So have you made Any for enough for in so far? Do you have any for in In the Philippines That is not for in Filipino In your school? Yeah Yeah Oh why about you? Yesterday We are drinking Together For in our friends That's not nice That's good So do you like the Philippines? Yeah You You But your friend does not like it Okay Do you see yourself coming back To the Philippines In the future? No Never Never Like I know I know like I know like it's It's in North It's South Asia Because I like winter My favorite to the Philippines Oh Only been only half Lening So many Yeah So Oh Like It makes me Every Always Weather I mean weather There's so many for purchase And then You Both people Oh my god We have you leave I agree There are so many mosquitoes And cockroaches and ants in the Philippines But I think it depends on the location Where you leave Or you out You don't know But then you know The first time I saw a cockroach fly In the Philippines Oh I never saw that before I never knew cockroaches fly, guys I was shocked I was surprised When I saw a cockroach fly What's what if All those things that happen to you Will you like the Philippines What if they are not cockroaches They are not ants No beggars But the weather is the Earth Because we cannot change that I feel like You don't like it Yeah I do like the fish I feel like we are We are very convenient But we think We must go slow Like Start her way We are working Yeah We are working more slow Oh, okay It's ready Yeah, look Just make me angry Or I need her to slow Or I need to hold it Best people What best people Korea has the best people Really Best best She is a Korean-American Chinese past Very fast Because you know Korea is not the top word country What's Philippines is a top word country Are you going to any other Asian countries No Thanks I'm sorry No I mean A country Country How I passed on Philippines Or Philippines is your first country No, no First I went to Japan So only Japan Yeah only Japan Why about you I'm only China Only China Yeah You guys have been through Nice countries that as you know Very fast System So do you consider living in the Philippines Expensive Like friends Accommodation Food Is it expensive As for you guys as Koreans So many Expenses Not so many expensive In Korea Not Not Not so expensive Yeah In Korea Traverse Traverse Oh That's more You know They care expensive Fies What is that For foreigner Asian Another Another word Like for foreigner More expensive Or That's it You're in traveling for foreigners more expensive Yeah Yes It is more expensive If they know you are a foreigner But if you go with a Filipino Or if you have a Filipino friend Or if you have a foreigner who know everything That's expensive So why about you Is it expensive in the Philippines for you Yeah Or is it about Very expensive This is Yeah because many restaurants I want Like Even if Or clean But that restaurant is already expensive All for like this I think She They have Many interests And They think of high-dark people I want Like expensive restaurants Yeah I think Very expensive Yeah Because the market is not clean for you You go to expensive restaurants And you pay so much money What is your plan after you finish studying In the Philippines What is your plan after ESL Are you going to go on the working holiday Or what I want Well I have I just get up in university Oh what are you studying This is really my course Yeah It's pretty okay Oh nice I'm thinking I want you I have a medical science Oh I have one year So I'm a graduate next year And I want to walk overall Oh Do you have any cons with your mind Do you want to walk Yeah I want I want to study Because I heard They are They are here High salary Do you have any culture shock about the Philippines You know what's culture shock in Yeah First I'm It's not torture But it's very funny To be I feel many restaurants And have Like Character issues Yeah Because How do you feel Maybe some From Air conditioner Oh And Both days are not Very Very Not So Yeah So Very Very Very Very high Very Very Very Very Chow Both They They just With very peaceful Oh That's the culture shock for you Yeah Why about you Oh So many So many And And So To what's friendly So You look like So you look like Oh So So So So So So So So You feel Fashion Yeah So Church Straight And Talk to my Operating The talk to you first Yes Hello Oh Some of them Had just been nice Because sometimes Filipino like Foginas So they always say Hello I'm a friend But Maybe they like you Maybe not For the time First to They I Good Thanks And Second They So So Fresh Because You think Filipino guys are so nice So A little scare Oh Wow So My last question for you would be Would you Conceit that Coming back to the Philippines in the future Yeah I am Probably You probably Yeah Okay I'm gonna end the video now I just want to say that You guys This is the opinion So you don't have to be Ah She don't have to be mean Yeah just express in the opinion You know Just the opinion Everybody is Impression of the Philippines is not going to be the same And it's not going to be the sweetest So guys Thank you so much Thank you so much for watching Let me know what you think Down in the comments section below Make sure you like Share, subscribe And I will see you in my next video And I'll see you then Bye