 Hey guys, welcome back to GC Reacts. Today we have a very fitting video for the times we're currently in. This is something from the Philippines. It's a song that's been released called We Heal as One. And this is from all different artists, all different people currently in quarantine. And they've come together, power technology, power the internet to make this song. And this has one million views already, which is incredible. It's probably the main thing you guys have been sending us recently to react to. And they've got a list here of all the artists in order of appearance. And they have so many. By the looks of the list here, they are all OPM artists. All their names are listed out. We'll leave a link to the original video in the description. But we haven't seen this at all yet. So we're going to watch it with you guys right now. We've had a lot about this. Yes. So let's dive right in. I guess it's the only thing I can refer to is the band-aid song where all the different artists filmed one time. But they were together for one call. So this is like all separate and it's been edited together. So it's a lot of fun. They're done in their homes. We're not going to understand this first bit. I guess this guy is introducing. Together we are being called to make a future world. Filipino flag colors. Nice and warm. The flag is the flag. It's like a little insight to each of their homes. Yeah. Obviously it's in the language we don't understand. So we're missing a bit of the meaning with the lyrics. But I think it's just amazing that so many people come together to create something from their homes. English. It sounds so professional. It sounds like a nice voice. Yes. Amazing voice. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. We're here last one. It's catchy already. Yeah. Oh, Filipino is when they make music I found... They have a way of getting an emotion across. It's so very... There's so much feeling in Filipino music. It's so very... They all sounds good singing. It's so good. It's so high. It's so nice. We can heal as one. It's when we heal as one. We heal as one. With kindness. We heal as one. We serve. We share. We show compassion. We heal as long as the honey boy Nothing is up But when we heal We heal We heal as who has won With kindness We heal as one So you get it We can heal We heal We heal as one We heal as one So you play that with harmony at the end? Yeah So clever We heal as one Wow This perfectly also sums up the Filipino attitudes To times like this Stay safe We've had a few things that have happened in the Philippines Where we've seen how people come together Have a real positive and optimistic attitude about this kind of thing Which is so cool Also technically how that's been made Because I'm guessing they would have all recorded their parts separately And also how some people use a professional microphone Some were just using like I think head voice Yeah, it was like into the webcast And it all sounded like it all sounded as good And the way it's been made and put together And like I said the harmony at the end The fact that they would have said Right, you and you do that harmony and you and you And they're all in the right key They all like it's so good They're all in the same key They're all in the same time Yes, true Crazy, which is amazing So I don't know who actually put it together and who meets you I guess it's the guy at the beginning Let us know in the comments But it sounds like it came from a studio Really nice message Of course we couldn't really understand the verse lyrics But I think I'm guessing it was similar to what the English part was Exactly The same kind of message Really really nice message And amazing voices as always in the Philippines We're kind of missing that because we're stuck indoors We're missing interacting with the people around us Really, yeah Like traveling and meeting new people around the Philippines But stuff like this helps Definitely So it's really cool Let us know what else you want us to react to guys We're enjoying your recommendations at the moment And all the videos we make on this channel come from your recommendations So please don't hesitate to leave something in the comments If you want us to react to something And we'll see you very very soon One more thing to add Go on Apparently this is GMA and ABSubian people coming together Which is rare for me So people are saying it's like quite a big deal with it They're putting all the network politics aside Exactly That's such a nice message Thanks for watching guys Give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it Subscribe if you're new And we'll see you Oh, this is what we planned this We have to wait for it We'll see you very soon Bye