 Very thankful for these guys again Huh? We have ice EEEE I'm going to play with my friend I'm going to play with my friend Christmas is over I'm going to play with your Tyler I want to win Best in costume I'm going to play with my friend Oh yeah Oh yeah No Today is cleaning day Kind of You guys welcome back to another vlog It's right here It's it It's right here It's right here It's right here It's it It's right here Howdy Welcome back to another vlog Shout out to Joey from DC Who visited Katheel The other week He gave me a birthday present A freaking hat A wicker I'm not sure where it's made out of But it's sick I love it Joey thank you so much It was very thoughtful And I'm probably going to wear it here every single day Self-care day Let's go Little bit of cleaning for the kid An absolutely gorgeous day here on the coast Hey Guess what Cool I'm here alone again Everybody's gone I do know where Kyle is Kyle went into town to go to run some errands And I asked him to bring me one thing back Just one thing So we'll see if he got it We shall see but in the meantime I'm going to take care of Goose Because I love this machine So much She's taken me from point A to point B more times And I can count And I can't count very high So just do the math there I tend to clean my bike more often than not here on the coast Because we are raped by the beach There's a lot of salt in the air And it destroys stuff I'm noticing on some of the guys machines There is a lot of rust And that only comes from one thing Water Salt water Okay We don't want Goose to rust and up She's too young She's too pretty This is your sign today to go clean your machine Whether it's a car, a bike, whatever Just take care of your stuff It'll reciprocate that energy And it'll last longer And it'll run better That's what I believe Yeah! They did it! Nice! This is my Christmas birthday and new year present Okay All in one Look at that Oh it's perfect size dude Thanks man It's not worth a shirt, we need to go for it I love it You look like you're going to the little adventure I am I'm always on the roof You are, like a year of 50 Yeah I got mine I got mine Got my setup He did it, he did it, he did it The boys are back I didn't know you guys all come together I thought you guys were just calling you I was premiering as soon as I heard you guys like Yeah! But it's nice huh? I thought it was my surf stuff Jundy got a package I thought it was my It's so busy in town It's busy in town It's super busy It's busy in town I've never seen so much loaf bread Loaf bread? Loaf What's loaf bread in town? Loaf Loaf It's mostly everyone who's loaf bread on the table So tonight I think we're going to have beef I can't wait to film it I love filmed food showing you guys what we eat around here I'm still waiting I know you guys have been wondering why haven't I been surfing? I still don't have fins for my board Okay, that's why I don't even have a setup yet I actually just ordered them like a few days ago So it's my fault But they'll be here in a few days And then we can get to surfing with the fellas It's New Year's Eve This is a first There's a lot of firsts recently This is my first New Year's Eve in the Philippines It was my first birthday in the Philippines It was my first Christmas This is what life's all about Experiencing new things for the first time And when it's in the Philippines it just makes it that much better Oh it's been a hot minute since I've had durian It's so good You think I'd know how to do this by now but... Oh God Time to take a durian course Brett Because this is not working very well for you buddy Brett's getting frustrated I'm going for it There we go Oh No, it's just like crunchy Not the best I've had Oh you opened it bidding to oat bread I know I'm very fastly with my durian Very very particular because I'm eating it so much since I've been here That I think I've tried so many That I know what's like really good Ah it is what it is I picked this up the other day I don't know what it is I've never seen it I have no idea what it is Comment below What is this? Oh what the hell? Oh is it edible? I don't know You thought we were finished No no no no No just hold on a sec Hold your horses Okay? Relax Well cute, native, aguacato Aguacato, aguacati and Spanish Avocado Today is not my day Today is just not my day What the hell is going on today This is terrible That's the worst avocado I've ever had Okay I got one last fruit I'm going to see if my pomello is actually good Okay, there you have it folks I'm one for four today in fruits Mmm, mmm, mmm, okay Thank you You're welcome, you big goofball And yeah, well what are you going to do? Stop after your first failure? No, you're going to keep pushing through Just like anything in life If you fail once, keep trying You fail again, keep going Until you find your fruit And hey you know what, I'm just human I get frustrated But the one thing that I've taught myself over the last year Is to take time to get in touch With my mind, body and spirit Which is why I meditate all the time It calms me down, it grounds me It just brings everything back into balance Nature helps a lot too I would say nature is like the biggest thing for me Sometimes I just forgot to immerse myself But you know what, my goal for 2023 It's all about immersing myself in nature And so far I'm doing a pretty good job Yes, it's happening again I'm just actually wanting to get the juice Or the coconut water from inside this one this time Because apparently the stuff really makes you go to the bathroom So I'm going to slow down on it, but still drink the water I thought that's what was going to happen I should have realized that when I shook it Let me see your baka Oh, look at the fat in there What is that? What's going on? It's on the hump The hump? Yeah, at the back of the ass No, no, no, but at the shoulder It's on the hump It's on the hump It's on the braman Is it local beef? Yeah Look at it It's okay Ooh I'm so vanilla and so ee-da Buddha Buddha? It's like Buddha, but BU-D-A-S Buddha-S Oh, it's like a pair- Is it like a pair of fish? Like Buddha's Duh Duh Judas breeze I think this is sweet lips Sweet lips Oh my gosh, it's beautiful It's good for a guy in the bathroom Who am I? Ah, sweet and sour I've asked the boys if I could help But they have it all under control And then I have a night dinner It's on them again It's like Christmas round two But it's Happy New Year Happy New Year Happy doggies Everyone's joining today But the Fai The Ducky Duck Little cutie Oh, man, the simple life here We got some garlic Big old honkin' carrot Slice and dice in that up Look at this, gorgeous little pattern I've got some chili This one's not so spicy though It's more of a sweet pepper if you will Find slicein' Peelin' every bit of vegetable we got here today Some aromatics And guess what? Yeah, some more green onion Double onion Onion-ee-oo Some tomatoes Because, well, here is why We have so many freaking tomatoes This just makes sense in one sec So hold on, just have some patience, okay? Look at that Oh, work of art Now for the beef Jundi Just seared this thing on both sides Left it in the pan To cook obviously a little bit longer Got those aromatics Sauteing in the pan, caramelizing And guess what? The boys ran out of propane They said they had to suffer with what nature provides Some cowhoy, some wood, baby I actually think the food tastes better when it's cooked over the fire That's that smokiness, that raw, earthy flavor Tossin' a little bit of wine Oh, guess what? We got a little surprise Uh-oh Hey, that's good I think it serves some light I think so Oh my god, this is freaking amazing And that one Oh, see key Slime my pie Woohoohoo I know what this is I hope it is what it is Because I've only ordered one package And my god, we were just talking about it, buddy gang Woohoo Satsase, woo Mixed here with the order fish Woooow Woooow Ah, tanguan, it's a bit derpink Where's the stuff from again? S Slug serve Slug serve in Liangga Liangga? Salamad, Mangaprez Yatsah, slug serve I got my package Now I got a surf With the boys on my own surfboard I'm so excited What a new year Oh yeah, what timing, too Wow, it's... Ooh Was it good? Yeah, man Yeah, that's great I'm good right? Yeah, man Oh baby, I felt like a kid It's like my birthday Well, it was just my birthday December 21st, Sagittarius gang where yet But today, it's New Year's And it's a new board Well, it's not a new board I mean, it is because I haven't used it But I got new fins And a whole setup Which I've been waiting for for over a week Just very thankful The boys showed me what to do here I'm a bit of a newbie But it happened It happened, we were just talking about it Wang, Wang, Wang, Yee Wooo Dude, thank you for the t-shirts, man I got one And Kyle got one Who's Kyle? I'm Kulas Kulas Kulas I got a Kul-S The boys are cooking Jundi's beating that meat in that pot It's the way? Oh yeah, here's the brand Here's the brand Here's the slug surf, baby Sex calm Yeah, baby Call it, baby Call it, baby Call it, baby So this, if you've never seen this before, my board is actually It's inside there now, this is a board soft Keeps it protected Always, look at that It's a little sock So my board's in there I'm definitely wearing my shirt Look at that, it's got my name on it That's me It's your boy Wang, thank you so much We are going surfing tomorrow This is such an awesome gift Happy freaking New Year, man What timing? Yeah, universe, thank you Spiffy, dude Buddha Buddha, Buddha, Buddha Buddha, Buddha, Buddha Buddha, why? Because Kumar will tell you the joke What's the joke? Buddha's not paid Buddha's never paid Buddha's not paid I think it's Judas in the Bible Is the one who went against Jesus, right? So that's why we need to go Buddha If you make utang, they will put Buddha's not paid Judas not paid Okay, anyways, bye-bye So the beef is going to melt in that pot for like three or four hours And then we're going to throw the fish in right now I think we're going to frickin' flop it in there The whole fish is going into a big puddle of oil It's going to be beautiful I hope you guys are enjoying this as much as I am Very thankful for these guys again Huh? We have ice Eee! I want to... Christmas is over! I want to win Best in costume Now for the main event Fried fish, got some cornstarch tossed on there Here you go, turn the volume up ASMR Oh gosh, you know, I'm just so thankful for everything around me here I know I say to every vlog, but I think this is what we should do We should be thankful every single day For what is provided in front of us And today was lots of food, I tried Jundi's sauce It's good, it was pretty good The rest of the vegetables entered the pot And a little bit of oil Tomatoes bang in the pan I said pot, but it's a pan I don't know, is it a pot or a pan? One thing I didn't know though Is this I didn't know that That was one thing that I missed Is that the escapicce has suka in it suka tomato paste and all the other beautiful ingredients that you saw mixed in Boiled up and re-heated Because the meat took a while and it's also shrunk like It's like one-fourth Besides, I'm so hungry honestly It's been a long day Super stoked to share another meal again with these boys And they're killing it in the kitchen You learn something new every day Or you should, at least That's how we grow as humans Learning, doing new things, smelling new foods Like this big old hawk and chunk of meat My guy can cook, my guys can cook, my brothers There it is Here's our dinner Here's your dinner Merry Christmas, Happy New Year The boys are eating the... Taste that, so let's do this Let's do this This is my first meal of the day Yeah, I can do this Yeah, it's on its own I just remembered to eat Even if you're in work mode, even if you're grindin' Always remember to eat Yeah First New Year in the Philippines I love these guys I love you guys Thank you so much for all the food always This is a blessing to be here with you guys Let's go Let's go Let's go, yeah Let's go I'll make it Cheers, everybody Cheers Brother, we just like To thank you for everything that is in front of us right now We'd like to thank also for the past year For giving us everything that we need And for everything that we need Desire from our house We'll continue to bless us with good health And more security in our next year And may you bless all our families that are not with us right now Bless everyone who doesn't have food to eat right now May this food also nourish our Bundi and our spirits Amen Amen Happy New Year Happy New Year This is a bitch Look at this, we waited all day for that This is so good So good Let's go Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm It's like a tomato Mmm This is why I'm a buck This is why I'm a buck This is why I'm a buck The acidity from the wine The deep, dark, perfectly mellow taste I imagine a thing Punching you in the back of the throat We can get this guy to meet here in the other ear Mmm, that's so flutus It's really nice, man It's so fatty Braised on the outside, seared on the outside, sorry The fish was very fresh, slow cooking in that part How long did they cook the meat for? Four hours? Three and a half hours So good, we'll tell you some better from there Red wine beef, fish is so good It's fish, it's fresh, it's good Look at that Mmm Mmm I know I said this already, but the food was fabulous I even took the tail end of the fish For whatever reason I did, it was just calling my name Big old crunchy meaty piece of the fish I mean the whole fish was pretty meaty I'll be honest, but this would just call my name Oh What a treat What a freaking treat, dude Two, killed it The boys, amazing job As always Eating with my hands Like we should as humans We're just humans Okin' Okin' Wooo We got some Okin' Okin' Wine BC Wayne Gradsky The greatest to ever play the game Thank you, sir Oh wait,カルフ Alright, here, here, here This is everyone It's officially zero Welcome Woah Nicos No knife, no I do it again Oh no, I don't know I use spinners anymore I don't know how to use them They don't make sense This makes the way worse at me than a knife It acts as a knife It's the same thing I'm in the game! Cheers, we won! Cheers, we won! We're gonna eat cheers! Cheers, we're gonna eat! Y'all up, are y'all coming? Oh my god, Kyle! I told everybody on my vlog that we're at the bed two hours ago, Brad! Don't film it! Drink responsibly, I was one in a row. Same for moments like this. With the people around you that bring you up. I love you guys. I'm thankful for each and everyone. I heard like him and Noah before. I've been waiting for this. Oh, that's delicious. That's good. That is the vlog for today. If you're not already subscribed to my channel, hit that subscribe button. Slap that butter-back-and-like button upside-down head if you enjoyed today's video. Everyone was in bed and we heard the fireworks and we just came out. So we're just having a toast for champagne to the new year. I love you guys. Bye!