 Good morning world, it is about 4.30 in the morning and there is some beautiful singing going on outside. If you have been watching our vlogs for a little bit of time you will know exactly what this is. This is a manyanita which is a morning serenade for whoever has got a birthday. It is normally done just before the sun rises and it is actually Papang's birthday today. So the local guys have come down and they are seeing beautiful song for Papang. Not sure if he is actually going to be able to see him but the singer loves song for him. And the sun is about to rise behind us too. Look at that morning starlight. I say morning starlight because I wasn't expecting it to be so starry at this time of day. It is super dark today there. The last time I came out here to film a video it was moonrise. So it was a lot brighter today than just the starlight. I have to hold the camera much steadier to try and capture these images. Let's do a slow pan around on Papang's morning. I love to find out how old he is. I guess I will later. You see the sun is rising behind the clouds there. You can hear the power of the waves. The tide is definitely further in than it was last time I filmed that night. The new day has begun. Where can you find out the world? Where can you find out the world? Where can you find out the world? I have to hold the camera. Can you hold the camera? You can't hold the camera. You can't hold the camera. Hi, I'm a part of the guy. What's up? Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning, palar. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning, Blackie. Always running away from me. So the mania nita is now over and papang is just saying hello to all of his friends. The sun still hasn't risen yet but you can definitely see the light in the sky now. I was kind of hoping that story would wake up for this but she's fast asleep in bed. Sasha has gone back inside to be with her. We're very protective of the story. We won't even go down to the beach, look together, like without her. Even though she's only a few metres away up in the house. We're worried that she might wake up and see that there's no one there. So it's Sasha's gone back in and I'm just down here still waiting for the sun to come up. I still have some music playing. It's a beautiful way to see in a new year of life. Well look at that. In a matter of minutes, the star light is gone. And now we're just left with the morning dawn at purple. Pinky hue coming out from over there on the horizon. There are things looking much brighter already. Can see a few more stars up there. I've actually got butterflies in my stomach today watching this. I know it's not the best looking sunrise I've ever seen but I just realised that this is my life now. You know, I get to wake up to this every single day and I refuse to take it for granted. This is a very, very special way to live. To think that this is for Pung's property, you know, him and his daughters. They have this slice of the world to enjoy life all of the years. They must have spent here all the memories. They must have had growing up. It's amazing and we're being allowed to share this and to give this gift to our daughter as well. And that is why I'm feeling quite emotional right now. It feels so nice. I think I've had more feelings like this in the last year, being locked down in the Philippines and I have in my whole lifetime when the story celebrated her fourth birthday and she had her manu Anita here on the beach. I remember the sun rose a lot earlier and it was much brighter by this time of day already. Everything is taking a slower pace today. It's quite relaxing. I thought that I would miss the sunrise today and here I am. It's really nice that we can come out here so early and still be so warm as well. It's a really nice temperature. I found black here, yeah, this is where I hit round off to. I can hear the cockles now. I mean, today is started. I mentioned before that I've got this feeling of being somewhere special and I think that is why a lot of foreigners decide to stay in this amazing country. There's something very special about how things are done here, how the people live their lives. How simple and beautiful is everywhere. It's so unique from our lives in the West and yet we feel so welcomed even though we're from a completely different culture. I can see some fiery orange now appearing between the clouds and a darker red over there too. The sky is looking purple now. The music is still playing. Lovely ambient music. The music is still playing. The music is still playing. The music is still playing. The music is still playing. The music is still playing. The music is still playing. The music is still playing. The music is still playing. The music is still playing. Very beautiful.셔서 You don't need one kiss for the others. Just like this. Let's start at the Mister Little W Effort. What does it have to do with a nice store? It's nice. Maybe someone is nearly under right All together Love each other I want you to be strong Love each other Love each other Love each other Love each other Love each other I will Love each other Love each other Love each other Love each other I want you to be strong Love each other Love each other Love each other Love each other Love each other I will be strong Love each other Love each other I'll be birthday to you. We now play now, I'm thankful. So I'll go to some holidays. Hello, boy, come and have a good evening. Everything is high night. It's birthday, it's birthday kiss. It's birthday, it's a birthday kiss. It's a night. Hi, everyone. The man you need to crew is leaving. The people of Pilar. Beautiful tradition being maintained there. Amazing. I think the doggies are going to go back to sleep. I don't think you woke up at all, did you, Branny? Good morning, story. You got a present for Papang? Wow. What a nice gift. You just woke up. It was a birthday present. Oh, wow, this is really nice. It's really nice. I'll say what that is. Oh, lovely. Beautiful. That's wonderful. Did you notice? There's a letter inside. Oh. Happy birthday, love story. Oh, that's wonderful. So sweet. Oh, love you. Can I give you a card? Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Yeah, she drew it. Oh. Yay, our birthday. Sorry, got our instant grandmas. Happy birthday, Papang. Happy birthday. That's it, the sun is fully up. Papang's morning celebration is over. A long chat with Papang's daughter this morning. She was just telling me stories about him. He's 77 years old today. And he was quite emotional about today's celebration. Because he wasn't really expecting anything to be done. During this pandemic, most of his kids are living in different parts of the country and different parts of the world. So he wasn't even sure that his daughter was going to be here this week. Then he surprised him with a visit and they surprised him with this as well. And it's a very humble guy. He asked that they don't do a big celebration because people are struggling because of the pandemic. And he doesn't want to burden anybody with a celebration for his birthday. So whenever I was here, singing Happy Birthday for him, he felt very emotional about it. And you can see, she said to me, she's seeing him like tearing up in that way. So it's quite nice. She also told me that Papang basically built this land by himself. All of it was just rocky mountain cliffside. And he goes out there in the morning with a chisel. And he basically flattened it out by a hand or by himself. And there's not many men out there these days that like that. I think the world is losing those types of guys. And it's impressive and it's very, very humbling to be around somebody who can still do those things. I think it is important. Do you think Papang enjoyed his birthday? Yeah. And he loved them. Yeah, he loved your drawing, didn't he? Yeah, he loved his chocolate. Yeah, I think he's going to enjoy that later. Yeah, why does chocolate wrap top? Because it's present. Because it's present. Yeah, he's going to enjoy it. You're doing different things and all the chocolate top faces on them. I don't know, I'm not entirely sure. I never saw them. It was gift. I think they have little faces, little square faces. Is that what you think it is? I think we have faces and lots of other faces. Yeah. A pair of faces. Yeah? Paral faces. Really? You're in faces. Lots of faces. Yeah, I think so. They've definitely got some kind of faces on it. Yeah, lots and lots and lots of them. Did you know a story that perpung built this land himself with a hammer and chisel? What? That's crazy, isn't it? Yeah. Sometimes you hear him hammering the rocks outside. Yeah. He flattened out the whole land by himself by hand. Look, I should just flatten it out. Really impressive. You know when he goes ching, ching, ching with a hammer and a chisel? Yeah. Yeah, he can make his skin out making sculptures. Yeah, that's right. You off. Show off. Bye. How much of the money needed did you hear this morning? Quite bit. Yeah. I kept going in and out because story was fast asleep so I just didn't want to leave her. Even though I was just outside the house. I was just in case she woke up and there was no one in the house. Yeah, that's exactly what I said. That said we're very protective of story. Yeah. I went out for quite a bit and there were the stars and the outside was really beautiful from where I was standing. And there was a power cut as well. All the lights were off so it made the stars really shine that bit brighter. And then I came out again when they were singing the happy birthday and then at the end. The people of Pilar, the guys that come together and do the money and eat. They say that this tradition is not as popular as it used to be and they don't do as many as they want to. And the guitarist said that he enjoys singing and they don't get the opportunity to do this as much as they used to in the past. So it is a shame we've completely died out because we do really think it is an amazing and beautiful ceremony. It is a lovely tradition waking you up on your sunwires on your bed. They were the beautiful song. It's really nice. Especially in this environment by the sea. Yeah, it's such a lovely place to do it as well. What's your question? Do you know my land is massive and impressive. Yeah, that's right. I like seeing to the world. Oh, you like seeing to the world, right? Yeah. So the way of seeing... Lots of things like seeing to me. That's true, yeah. The way of seeing to be the way of seeing to me. Nature sings to you. Yeah. And I sing to them too. You sing back to nature. Yeah. Oh, you sweet girl. Yeah, creative. Is that what you were trying to say? Yeah, more creative. Creative. Creative. Yes. It's still really early and we have to get ready to take story to school right now. So I hope you enjoyed this morning's celebration. I certainly did. And we'll see you in the next vlog. Bye. Happy birthday, everyone. Happy birthday, Papa. Bye. Oh, nice cuddle. Nice cuddle to go, my sis. It's a microphone. Microwave. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it.