 Hello Kid now come on we're gonna be late. Let's go. Let's go. Oh I have made pizza There's this about as new haircut. She's ready for I'll trick to minilla looking forward Yes First time for Isabella to go something special we're gonna be attending more without really looking forward I've never had my head like this short before Stop so So happy that her cut failed. I'm really looking forward But we're here today in Omaha in Highlands, part of the queue We're gonna meet some new friends a family that contacted us last year when we first moved to the Philippines Maybe a year before we went to 2021 and looking for land here looking to set up a home in Omaha city And we had a good conversation with them online gonna meet them for the first time in person a really nice Filipino family. Let's go Mr. Hi Hi Hi You're so beautiful Hi, hello Hi, how are you doing Isabella? Nice to meet you This is our son Joshua His first time driving in the Philippines Two weeks ago we were in Manila My cousin was like you want to drive? I'm like I pass I'm really on that one It's crazy I said let me get your take and eat first Yeah So when I get to drive the car I was like okay I think I got this This is not Manila this is the problem This is all this is okay I'm not like Julia It's hungry What's happening? Yeah, you sure I think Oh, it's nice No Oh, thank you Thank you Oh, thank you Oh yeah, put it back there Oh, thank you, that's really kind Oh, thank you so much, thank you so much guys Very kind Hi, Lan How are you friends? We're just finished eating Isabella We can get short hair now You have to hear it constantly It's not easy It's not easy It's not easy at all It's not easy at all You have a time It's not easy Hi, school friends coming today I'm going to go some banana Isabella We're done eating It's not easy at all It's not easy at all But Two is okay in the life It's not easy at all It's not easy at all It's not easy at all It's not easy at all You're going to dance Come on Come on Come on Thank you so much So there's some sort of All the dance that going on In the festival this month in the city We're probably from space or more I would probably address the pool in dancing I thought I'd excuse it anyway So hers my friend We're having Afternoon Kind of What happened? I'm on a ride I'm on a ride I'm on a ride I'm on a ride I'm on a ride I'm on a ride I'm on a ride I'm on a ride I'm on a ride I'm on a ride I'm on a ride Morning guys, my name's Buntag So it's true, let's go in My hair that is, we are actually going to be travelling to my room We're off so many new, so many different What is the better this time? As is the better this time, we're going to meet the most of it We're going to get going, aren't we? Take us somewhere new Got a few destinations coming up So today's the preparation Tied at the house Keep it in the good condition So we're really excited to be travelling in this fantastic country See so much more of it And what is the better this time? We're going to be going to two different places One after the other A little bit of a break in between We have family looking after the house Looking after May, cooking, cream It's great to do this when you're in the Philippines The travel is really easy here So all Mark does have an airport but it's not operational Just yet, so we're going to be going to take a bath Which is on nearest airport And get a flight from there So how do I look? Little fashion statement But it stops the hair going on me at least Jane's going to be cutting my hair She normally does, does a great job Somehow she transforms me, makes me look so much different I need it I'm going to give Adam a haircut I think you need a haircut I really do It's not that long but I like it a bit shorter Yeah, it gets a bit So what type of haircut would you like me to do? Something decent, something nice Like bold Not bold, I'd only fold Are you sure this is already short You just have to trim a bit So every time he wants a haircut I don't know why he don't go to a salon Or not salon them There's two reasons Jane, it's fantastic at what she does And a second if you have a look, look at this view This view, I mean I like sitting at the garden It's a nice environment Nice place to be when you have your hair cut So I had to do his haircut I just had to do my hair cut I just had to do my hair cut The actual reality is we're quite much today We're traveling tomorrow, we have got much time at all We've got so much to get prepared I didn't even go on for a while So we really do need to get so much done Okay, so let's do a haircut Maybe he's not Oh, what is this stuff? It's a chair He's charging He's biting your hair So it's a pencil Oh, it's a pencil I've never seen this before So happy that her cut failed You know it's going So we've got the clip as work in I'm having a lot less hair now Thankfully, a bit cooler It was better Off on our vacation Little girl, I'm ready Just like Samar, look at the weather So it's raining when you go on holiday I'm sorry, it is a bad night I don't know I don't know how many I can raise They're very dark, I don't know You can see it's better I'll just, I'll just point to the wrong seat Get some petrol And we're going to get our tyres pumped up at the show It's a horrible rainy day The guys are really good We're going to give them a tip obviously Always on holiday, always on your vacation at rains I don't know Hopefully it's not going to be rain We're going to be there Every time we get there You never know, we can hope Time for a little bit of food on the way A jolly bee Two-piece pancakes Bacon egg in something and something Pancake, that pancake has a pancake on the top You know, I've had pieces Hot chocolate Coffee They've got corn brief, they've got longocinna No Longocinna is that Longocinna is that Longocinna, Kajun I'm going to see Coffee is a bala It's a nice, nice It's a very new t-shirt, given to us by our friends It's really good We're in Takula, Van Airport We've got through security road checked in Just waiting on our flight Hopefully it's going to take off It's been eight orange rainfalls It's a neat tea It's a fingers crossed, we're going to go Two years of error, just found a toilet Don't can do nuts here, might get some donuts This is the bala's bag, one of them Unfortunately, I've done this to it So let's go, what's here then? It's the bala What is it? What we're going to get? Food Don't can do nuts No It's already locked It's only an hour flight It's not far to go You don't know, you want to be so in a hurry? No Little snack before you get on the plane Little snack before we go I can do nuts Can't be dunkin' This bala's going to practice her while I How do you think it's not so You're going to swear in one way, you can't do that This bala's thing is something rude It's not gonna get busy here, it's really quite busy airport I'm gonna get a drink And a snack before we go off leave Son's hard gets on schedule even though there's a weather wall there It's quite small, it's actually fun It's a nice airport Nice and friendly, easy to navigate Quite good to get around It's all really nice and you're assessing what we're going to be doing It's just how I've been explaining things And you should be now to go into the station Oh, I'm just checking I can't wait, come on, we're gonna be late Let's go, let's go, let's go I don't know We need to go Let's go Oh, they are Wow Checking in early seems It's better than fall Got our food, got our drinks Why am I setting me out of check to finish stupid I'm not boring, we're not boring yet We've checked in already Okay Adam, I'm pretty self-confident with me today Don't can do that, she can't be done can don't that And the Philippines, and this is my favour Now to Yubei Delicious I've not seen Jingwei in a mask for a long, long time Make sure that's okay that mask still As you've got mofs inside This is a cold That's how you're cold I just think it's a clever But it's gonna be warm when we're going It's a bit of a... It's so random It's so random I'm curious She's gonna be hyped up on coffee Coffee and donuts Cold and hard to get Face mask It's better to first light in over two years It's better to light in over six days So, I'm going to start the day And start the day I'm going to start the day I'm going to start the day I'm going to start the day Okay, we're in Manila To me, they're on time, actually ahead of time There's a lot of turbulence I think they flew higher But we arrived 22 minutes faster than they shared your time It was nice It's quite a lot of turbulence So, all good Oh we have money Oh we have money We need some of this Hmm? I got your coffee zero Oh, thank you You're hungry? I am I'd find the flight Lots of turbulence Yeah, quite a bit scary She was so scared I think it's quite quick Freakily expected But safe and sound Nice presentation Nice presentation Airport food, eh? Airport food What's the point of doing? You're breaking the chopsticks There we are. Are you supposed to break them in half? Well, that race No, it's just a snack because we're in the game Oh, Salamad I'm on the diet Then chicken Steam chicken Nice I'm broken You're breaking the chopsticks Me, try to Come on, just use your hands I don't know, it doesn't look good to me But I'm not an expert Some people eat like beef, well it's good Yeah, chicken's very dangerous See, undercooked I've got my Crypto home, I'm on a bit of a diet Not really, but Yes, I've been wearing a bit close to where we go in Jean Fats has something to mount For the plane, he's better myself Had a donut There's a shop Isabella eating even more though I think she's here to eat There you are We're going to find a meter taxi Here we go It's like playing fogger, trying to cross the road In Minilla That for Isabella, we're not what she's thinking We get the faults in a minute A lot of hotel's right here A lot of big buildings And you got the yellow cabs Yellow cabs of Minilla I feel like being back in a big city We love living in the province But to come to Minilla That's a big experience definitely Hey, hello, my friend Hi, hello Hi, here we go She's in the shade She's in the shade She's in the shade She's in the shade She's in the shade She's in the shade So we're here, we're just checked in Who up in the long day, aren't there? So we're on floor 20 This is top floor Up in the penthouse which has a swimming pool And a fitness centre Here we go Look what I did That's nice Not lightning right there, sterile We get the lightning So looking forward to my night Can have a busy day to my I'm not looking forward to tomorrow But say well, sweet, we're done Here's what's inside of it. Ah, capita, that's nice. That's nice. I have made pizza. It's a lot of lightning today, but look at these towers. A lot of the tall buildings have these on top, which is like a communications tower, but also some have lightning towers, lightning conductors. Trying to trap the lightning.