 But you're Friday. The freshest. Okay, so this is trending. 1906 Gang. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And this is pajama party and the wish bus is trending and people are sending it to me. Play. So much. pajama party and gang. They usually go together. I don't know what to expect. What is the wish bus? Yo, yo, yo, yo. Tenetik's gang. Tenetik's gang. Thank you. I'm going to have a little bit of a... ...mobu on the top. This is... ...Baka Palena Aminto. It's a good lyrics. This is an indie game. It's a nice way to do it. It's very short and generous. But it's a good one. It's a good one. I have to find the lyrics. This is going to get lyrics cool. What? Is this? It's a Bible. Ten. 1069 Gang. I can't see. lyrics. English. No, 1096. That's what it is. It was written in a little... ...con-read for like... For the B, B, B, B, B, B, B, B, B, B, B, B, B, B, B. Got it. Yes? Oh yeah, let's go. It says, when the sound came in my ear came out, a good shit. Gecko was obviously delicious. And I look at Dan fastening like Ramadan with that grasspeg. And I don't fight. And I don't fight that anymore. I do just the things that they want me to do. I will not be reprimanded. So do not reprimand me. Try to ask those behind. See this? It's going to get lyrics cool. Let's go! This is going to be more of the scene. I was looking for it. I know. It's so nice, Jesus isn't it? Yes. Oh, Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Oh, Jesus. I'm not expecting that. I mean, he is really unexpected. He's coming to the cable. Oh, Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. The first fella, I don't know his name, apologies. If they are familiar with the name brother, good, Kuyya good, because Kuyya over there they seem like brother. He means brother, yes. Can I keep you safe? My friend's friend said, Hussler is not just that hard to reach. Kuyya good is hard to get lost in money. I don't want to be forced to abandon the natural. When I get bored, I want to choke. It's just a joke. When no one is against that gang. 1096 or 1096. 1096. 1096. Manda Lu Young, town of Fools. Polo P, please let me know. See, Tropang Lucy, I don't know what that means. I think they're places. Right. And then this fella comes in and he says, a lot of people are already shouting that we are making too much noise. The crashes in music or some of the bits are not fully translated. So they kind of come in and out of a tagalo. Oh no. Oh, and then you can improve the translation. Manda, I think I'm going to have to start learning so many bloody languages. I know, because Bali did a cover of what is it? Pao Baya. People think you can actually speak it. I don't. And then now everyone's just hitting them under the amps like, dude, you got to do something. You got to buy that little dictionary you wrote Korean that you got scammed. Scammed that. And now in Tagalog, it's a cat, damn it. It's like crushed. It happened a lot with the French and then Brazil Portuguese. Not going to happen. I'm sorry. I suck a language. French. French. Yeah. The only thing the French, everyone knows how to stay in French flu and lips. Lip of his year. That's it. Any means official for using the year. So it's very useful. In Tagalog, I know Mully and I know Mahal kitah. There it. Sing it. Let's go. Soldier. But those people are a rascal. They sell it as a joke right there. Mmm. WHO. It's close. Yeah. Please pay attention to me. You sp Can't. Guys, they're frightening. Don't worry, I just need a ape scar if I strokes you себя. This is what might work. Don't you think we really think Our skin is just your purple Here is our pattern Our purse一 There that it's like learn What the hell are you да Paso I will nice good 환히 Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Oh Oh my god Oh So Is I Can This is the moments where I wish I knew well to speak Tagalog 75 But the vibe is in Makkah They're freaking Bullying No, Mattay, if you understand or not you know the vibe there was a vibe he says you see my energy spreading in the game Yeah, new personality new role new name, yeah I used to find myself on the tech table. I mean the cloud and I enjoyed the taste hmm in a place that I cannot be seen in ways Ways it was that's the app Be blaze on usual face face mask on just in case it is forbidden Dude it even fucking bangs in English It is forbidden to sue because I still have a case flying like Aladdin sitting teaching them mother That they are scared when there is a sudden sneezing I can't get out because I'm still locked in quarantine Hmm, I'm scared was a sudden sneezing everybody ever now Where am I I just woke up when I woke up my stats was missing I put it I put it here I just put it on I'll be here when you pre if you if you just said and under the race of the full moon We play like while you sleep feel like I feel or feel I feel like I'm drowning in the damn shy So don't focus on me on the cam And he was like hello There's there's another meeting to be heard here, and I'm fixing the equipment then I went to see good Just a little later Polo was still in the king who passed by later the cool it what does cool it mean? We'll come out cool it maybe it's gone. I'd imagine I don't know my eyes will still be swollen and Then it goes back to Tagalog this mother It's dope though. I really like what the hell Like it no flowers like It's so 90s What the fuck something is that man? It's just bang on 90s. I don't know, but it's just bang on 90s and it's go Anyways, let us know what you thought about it, and yeah, too Let us know a bit more about them and why they sort of just you know making so much noise at the moment and everyone