 Why aren't you doctor yet? What fix on the chest? I want to become an artist like no that's not a job Welcome to... What's up, Sennepin? How are we working together? It's not working, it's not working Guys, you absolutely loved our last Jokoy video So... About Filipina Mons Yeah, so we decided to react to another Jokoy video This time it is Follow your dreams I believe the sketch is cool Yes, follow your dreams Can you tell what it is about? No Mini, that's not correct We literally never watched the videos Before we do these review videos So we just get recommendations And then we react to them And hope that it's nothing in these things My heart goes loose Right, but... Let's never talk about that ever Yeah, with Jokoy I think we can't go wrong Where's the AC remote? This is too cold There you go Jokoy you can't go wrong Guys, if you know around here on Mike... And on Meli? We are two travel bloggers on main channel It's making it happen blog We create travel videos from around Philippines And the rest of the world Also lifestyle vlogs and food vlogs If you want to see those videos Check out our main channel making it happen blog And drop up right here If you have videos suggestions Send them to us on Instagram Making it happen blog and Meli's like Underline, underline By the way my Instagram is very close to 100k So you would really do me a huge favor By heading over to Instagram But before you follow him... Follow me okay I have less followers Yes, talk to you about 100k We also have an ambitious goal We had 100k on this channel by the end of the month I know it's crazy But with your help... We might just make it And we might make you day Because crunchy is already... Quite honestly these reaction videos are making it out I was broke by higher with that though Alright, but without further ado Let's jump into this video Shippu I need to massage my face Because I'm going to... Go away, live from circle Hello No, I'm talking to you See what we get to the headphones Which is totally against the grain when you have a Filipino mom If you have a Filipino mom That is not the career choice you're supposed to have Filipino moms Pre-determined what their kids are supposed to be when they grow up Oh really Why aren't you adopting it? I'm not the only one who's in here right now That are nurses Today is a good day to get injured at a show Because there will be a nurse in here like Oh my god, what a cold compress on the... Elebate the beef Elebate the beef What fix on the chest? Fuck is Elebate Just live Live the fucking beef Are you stupid? And I'm not... Hey, look, I'm not even... I'm not shitting on you for being a nurse That's a great job Great benefits, good money I'm just saying It wasn't your dream Oh You're Filipino moms dream A lot of my mom wanted me to be a nurse Are you fucking kidding me? Filipino moms shit on their kids dreams And you know I'm not lying You know I'm not lying Is it so? I'm not lying I'm not lying You can't have a dream What the fuck? What are you talking about? Dream I can't want my mom to be a comedian She cried Why? Why do you want to be a comedian? That's what I told my friends I want to be a comedian artist Like, no, that's not a job Your cousins are nurses Do you see any clowns in this family? I do Do you? No She know my dream right there She's looked at me and went like this Joe said Who told you you were a bunny? She said it wasn't me That's fucked up I'm just saying you're a nurse God bless you But you know there's some nurses out there that didn't fall their dreams There's some nurses working at the hospital that wish they were a jabba walkie You know what I'm talking about And follow me to the x-ray I'll follow you Okay, nobody says a pun have fun at a job So you can just... Yeah That's it Damn, a nurse can damn It was always my dream What's the name? My mother did not believe me My grandson was singing I got close What was your dream? Huh? What was your dream? Um... Phew, I always wanted to be a pilot He's lying He always wanted to be a secret agent Like Jim's boss That's true, but I mean that's not... Also, I haven't told you this on the main channel Never Like the fact that Mike was part of a beauty pageant I got a lot of messages about that But also... Mike convinced his teacher No, I was going to cut it Mike convinced his teacher that he is called... I wasn't even... That he called... I was not even six years old That he is called Michael Knight From the Knight Rider So one day Mike's mom was called in for a... We have parents day in Austria It's called teacher parents conference Teacher parents conference Um... And my teacher greeted his mom Saying hello Mrs Knight Hahaha Yeah Just shows like why did my teacher not know Who my parents are? How irresponsible was that? It turned out to be a thing around It's not funny that Six-year-old Mike thought he is Michael Knight No, no, the irresponsible thing is the teacher not knowing who I am I did it, I did it, I did it So secret agent pilots, that's what I wanted to do I am determined I will still get my pilots license in this lifetime But commercial but pilot planes are really would love to fly them And... What is your dream job? I wanted to be an artist, a designer, a close designer But you know, as I said, my parents were like This is not a job That's not a job You go to school, you go to university Because university is subsidized by the government in Austria So you know, it's basically education almost for free Not like I'm like in the US So you know, I went to business school And then I went to university for like business studies And economics, then I figured out I really don't enjoy that And then I quit my studies And became a YouTuber Great! Should have listened to my parents But here we are Putting a smile on your face And if you really enjoyed this video and our reaction to it Give this video a thumbs up If you want to brighten up your day on a daily basis Subscribe and hit the notification bell Do the thing Do the thing Ah, okay Okay, I got it Okay, I didn't get the drop, sorry It's like, has you got a speech impediment now? Are you in this nature? Yeah, I was Do the thing Or like, where's speech impediment? Do the ano Do the ano Yes, yes, don't, close this video, wait lang Wait lang Subscribe Do the ano Also subscribe Yeah, okay, cool, we will see you guys the next time on What's up, please! Thank you