 Hi everyone, so today I decided to come to another part of Manila and this area is called BGC, that is Bonifacio Global City, so that is what it's called, so I'm going to be exploring here today, so join me on this journey, let's see what BGC has to offer, this is my first time in BGC actually, so we're going to be exploring it together. I'm seeing here, yeah so BGC looks like Makasi but in more beautiful place, so much greenery, so many, like it just really clean and neat, I think I really like it here and BGC, like I am falling in love with BGC already from what I'm seeing. BGC Art Centre, BGC Art Centre and then a bank, so I've noticed that banks are everywhere here, like everywhere you go to, they are banks all over the place and really big buildings for that matter. So there are many shops, many restaurants, yeah let's make street five videos, alright, let's do cross два. alright I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a micro micro micro micro micro micro micro micro micro international international international means and international means international means greenery so there's a whole lot of that over here so let's walk down this way to explore BGC so if I just made my name is Jackie and this is my first time in the Philippines I flew into the Philippines a few days ago from Abu Jainai, Jiria and I hope to be here for a long time and I'm going to be documenting all my adventures my experiences here the people, the culture, the food and everything that the Philippines has to offer I'm going to be documenting all of that to share with you guys so if you're interested in that then do subscribe to my channel and possibly throw another course of kitchen bell so you know every time I share a new video yeah okay it's pretty sunny today thank you oh my goodness she said I'm so pretty Kamusta okay so this is like a park someone is calling me hi that's it how are you doing fine thank you hi everyone so guess what I'm running to well I love just looking down at the road you saw me and you know keep up to say hi and guess what he is from Nigeria as well hey he's been here for seven years seven years wow seven years in the Philippines you're so thoughtful okay but you started out as you should follow that's so interesting are you like training around here yeah I'm I'm not getting with football training oh nice nice nice okay yeah I know someone was asking me about that here is it like so popular yeah football now is great now the green thing is flipping okay too many well put back to the name that's interesting so we're currently training yeah I'm training it's not plus the by two wow that's nice yeah I just feel my budget today to go through my first time in Philippine well first time yeah first time wow so that was so interesting so I run into Nigerians that has been living in the Philippines for seven to eight years and so loving it here so we had a very long conversation you know so interesting to get to meet someone that you can really talk to that was so nice wow I am so happy to meet a Nigerian today on my second day out in the Philippines so all right so let's continue exploring BGC should we go this way or do we go this way okay there is so much to see here and BGC is such a big community very big city okay let's let's try this way let's see what this side has to offer wow so it was really warm early and I was sweating so this area I'm working now has a lot of trees covering the walkway and it was a bit cooler so the weather here even though like it's been raining like yesterday it rained and while I went out I became so cold while I was out so I'm not really experienced so much heat here but today is my first warm day in Manila it's quite warm today okay now I'm in the sun and it's hot again let me try to press as soon as possible once the pedestrian lights goes green I'm gonna cross feels like forever I was not even looking at it early I was green or not but it's red right now so let me just meet okay someone is crossing let's go okay so let's continue our walk wow that was shade here that's good okay so there are not of stores here see another bank I told you guys that there are so many banks everywhere in Manila so many banks so many restaurants okayly big la Okay, let's go this way. One go MILLION One go!! What's happening? Oh! What's happening? It's quite tension. It's not with the ice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to do a little bit of the back. I'm going to do the back. I'm going to do the back. I'm going to do the back. I'm going to do the back. I'm going to do the back. I'm going to do the back. I'm going to do the back. I'm going to do the back. I'm going to do the back. I'm going to do the back. I'm going to do the back. I'm going to do the back. I'm going to the back. I'm going to shoes. I'm going to shoes. I'm going to shoes. I'm going to shoes. I'm going to shoes. I'm going to shoes. I'm going to shoes. I'm going to apprehend you. Third выпуск robot свойism." I'm going to have a little bit of water. I'm going to have a little bit of water. I'm going to have a little bit of water. The water is very good. I'm going to have a little bit of water. I'm going to have a little bit of water. I'm thinking this place would be very beautiful at night. I'm thinking about any more beautiful than I thought I had when I was 8. I'm imagining all the lights would come on and all of that. Maybe I'm going to stay here until the sun goes down. Or I'd come back on another day to see what it looks like at night. Anyway, we're going to see how we do. Right now, I want to walk around here. There're so many moles around here. know about the Philippines is that they love their moles so they have moles all over the place and here in Manila they are so many and so many even right here in Pugetzi so I want to walk down to one of the most popular moles here and see what it looks like because I'm not into a mole since I came and that is quite unusual because I do like moles so let me take you to go see a mole here in Manila so my hair is all scattered so let me take you to go see a mole down here let's take a walk down to the closest mole that is around this area and then I will show you what it looks like so you can expect so much from my adventurous hair in the Philippines because the Philippines has so much to offer all right so let's walk okay let's go this way you know because of where I'm coming from when I got to zebra crossing I literally wait for the road to be free before I cross but we walked here in Manila once you're at the zebra crossing whatever car is coming is basically for you so I'm not going to use to that yet so when I go to zebra crossing I'll just find myself just waiting there for the road to be free but people obviously just come behind me as I walk here so that's an interesting zebra crossings actually work in Manila oh that's a dog oh I think I want to walk through here just because it looks interesting so let's go so zebra crossing and I just want to cross this is someone came behind me and moved for me oh my goodness I'm going to get used to this because when I'm coming from zebra crossings the same way it works here in Manila still on walk to the wall I'm going to SM aura and my husband is there waiting for me so I'm gonna be meeting him there but while on the way I have to show you what is in big GC I got a dog so cute Just take a couple .. We, oh .. And see my What letter What? So there are a whole lot of international brands here in Manila. I'm going to be showing you, you know, you've got to be seeing all of that in my videos. There are so many of them. Many American brands and other brands from around the world, from Japan and all of that. So from what I can see here in Manila, it is kind of a melting pot of cultures. All right, so we are getting back to the road. I just made that detour just to get to show you more interesting stuff. So let's get back to the road. So far so lot of you.choch status from Br Lana her phone tomato atoffs I'm learning, I don't know some words. I don't been here for like two days. Yeah. Okay. Inat is sticker. Okay. Inat is sticker. Okay. Inat. Inat. Inat is sticker. Okay. Thank you. So interesting. So I'm learning tag a lot. Yeah. So I know at least five words now. It's like it's going to rain again. Like how you just go from extreme heat to rain in a second. All right. Let's pass. All right. Let's pass. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So this is where we are going to. I'm thinking this is the molyah because it looks so vegan. And it's like a mole. So I'm just going to cross over and find my husband. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Almost there. So the people here are so nice. Like they just keep smiling at you and all. Very interesting people. All right. So we are in the mole. So we are currently at the SM all in BTC Manila Philippines. So I'm just going to walk through and just show you guys how the mole looks. I'm going to do that. So let me just give you a walking tour in the SM all. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.