 Hey Lavi's, hi everybody welcome back to my YouTube channel. Today is April 22, so this means today is another day, it's another vlog. So it's 6am here now. And as you can see, I have a new spot, so maybe you'll see more of this on our upcoming vlogs. So this is the chicken coop, is that what you call it? I posted, but my brother's plan was changed. And he told me that why not make it as a hangout instead for you and for your daughter. So that's why we made it as Baha'i Kubu now. Let's proceed to our vlog because in today's topic, let's try to discuss and talk about how your Filipina family would react once they meet the in person. So I get a lot of similar like video requests about this topic. So I said, okay why not talk about it and discuss or give you some idea on what to expect when you visit your Filipina and the family. So I know so many of you are excited now because maybe you're planning the visit even before the pandemic hits us. One thing, your Filipina and the people here might feel when they know that you're coming is the excitement. So there will be so many reasons why they get so excited. Like they feel excited because they think that you have a lot of money. They are excited because this will be the first time they will be meeting the foreigner. But one thing is for sure, I can tell you and I can guarantee you, 98% will be happy to see you come. Let's assume now that you're going to meet the family. So expect that when you arrive, it's either they will be party, a big party and there are so many people waiting for you. Not because they want you to give them present. It's because they are just curious. They just want to meet you and see who's this foreigner coming. All right. Unless you are dating a Filipino and she has a few family members on this. So expect that it's only a small party for you. But usually if you have visitors, it's like showing you and welcoming you to our family. So Filipinos are seeing in the karaoke. People are drinking so many food and so many people are waiting for you. So it depends with your Filipino. Now the first thing that you need to do, if she has grandma and there are so many like older people and their village, then we call it Manopok. So I know you don't have any idea about this and you don't know how to do it. But I'm going to show it to you in video. You will have an idea on how we Filipinos give respect or show respect to our elders. All right. Okay. So this is what you are seeing now. It's the Manopok or the blessing. So usually if we see older people, auntie, uncle, grandma, granddad, mom, dad, then we will do this. Manopok. But for you, because you're a foreigner, so for sure, you are exempted today. So it's understandable. There's no question about it. You're exempted today because you don't know how to do it, right? So maybe hug or like bow to the elders is okay. Now in some part of the Philippines, they are not practicing the Manopok or the blessings anymore. But just giving an idea. Okay. So if you're meeting someone from the big cities, maybe they are not used with any more. Instead, they give kids or like hug their loved ones when they come. Now your finish, like showing respect to the elders, let's proceed on meeting the mom. So usually for Filipinos, you will not have any problem, guys. Because most of our mother here are supportive. As long as they know that the child is already under legal age. If they have some questions and they want to know the answer, maybe before you arrive, they already ask you Filipina and they already interview her about you. And they cannot understand in English. For sure, she will ask your Filipina to translate the answers to her questions. Okay. In meeting the dad, usually if you're courting a Filipina and you're following the rules of courting us, then expect. Okay. The things that you might expect is your Filipina dad would ask you questions. Like, are you going to marry my daughter or what is your plan with my daughter? Asking about your background, do you have kids? Are you divorced or what happened? Why you divorced? But please take note, it's because maybe our dad is only like worried about us. Okay. You just want to know what is the level of our relationship. Okay. But for sure, if you satisfy him with your answer, there will be no problem because Filipina dads are cool. That's one thing, good traits of Filipina men, most of them are cool, especially the dad. So, meeting the sister, again, it's like meeting the mother because for sure, she will always be supportive to your Filipina and to you. So, it might be when you arrive, she already helps your Filipina on, you know, planning ahead where to go or what to do while you are staying here in the Philippines. In meeting the brother or other siblings, let's say you arrive and there are so many people that are drinking, uncles, cousins, neighbors. They might ask you to have toast or like, you know, shut and try the Filipina drink. So, it might happen. Well, you can always decline their invitation if you're not the type or you doesn't like to try the Filipino drink. So, but overall, brother and sister, there will be no problem. Your Filipina has children. At first, they might distance themselves to you. But the good thing about the Filipina kids is majority of them, they can understand like about the situation, and our kids are polite. But not all depends. There will be bad kids and there will be good kids. You might find your Filipina family or if you ask someone from your Filipina place, if ever you come and visit the place where people are not confident in speaking English, you might find them like, you know, laughing when you ask them, they were laughing or pushing each other who will answer your question. Don't be disappointed about this, okay? This doesn't mean that they don't like you. They are just not confident in speaking English or answering your question because they are worried that whatever they say is wrong. I'm giving you an idea now, so you know what to expect, okay? Do the wait for present? Maybe yes, maybe no. The thing is that, you know, everyone will treat you like a kid. Unless you initiate that you want to help with this thing. But I'm really sure that everyone will say to your Filipina that do not let you do anything, okay? Like as in anything. And please comment down below for a guy who's married to a Filipina or the first time you visit the Philippines, please comment down below and share as your experience. People won't allow you to work or to do any job. They just want you to treat like a king. It's not like we want to impress you, but I think it's a culture already. Overall, do not worry because for sure your Filipina family will be happy and will be glad to let you in and our house, okay? I am having my coffee and it's 6am. Let me just show you around guys, so you will have an idea of our bike hubo, how it looks like. Okay, so there's more chair and this is our view from here. The fruits of this vegetable will be here, okay? So I'm gonna close our vlog now. Thank you so much for watching and see you in my next videos. Mawai Lavis, I love you all. I'm gonna have my coffee. Bye.