 Hey guys, it's me Yoshin and this is my younger brother called Hei. What's up? It's going. So we are going to react to never enough. Morisaite... Amon? Morisaite Amon? Amon? Well, I got the request from my viewers. Performance. Remember enough. So let's watch. She's from Philippines. No. All I know is she's from Philippines. Yeah. Oh right. It's a live video. So here we go. Morisaite Amon? Which? 1075. Ah, it's so good. Morisaite Man experiences endless play. Morisaite Man Morisaite Man But Milo changed the language. Although the stars were blind. The clouds perished beautifully. median waveform. You're little, these hands could hold the world And it all never will be Yeah, I love you You're not enough, never be enough For me, never, never For me, never, never For me, never, never For me, for me Never night, never night Never night, for me Never, for me, for me All the shine with thousands of lives All the stars we steal from the night sky Never, never be enough Never be enough Tows of gold are still too little These hands could hold the world And it all never be enough Never be enough For me, never, never No, never, never For me, for me Never enough, not never enough, never Never enough, never For me For me, for me Wish Closif, on Wish 1075 The H And that's what I was hoping for. I liked it better. Is this the first time to listen to Never Enough? Yeah. Oh my god, you know nothing. I don't know any song, I swear. Okay, so that was speechless. Yeah, great, great performance. I really wanted to hear from both sides. I just had one. Yeah. I'm going to just listen to this again. Yeah, by myself in my room like this. Oh my god, that was so good. I wish I had that voice. If I can like, you know, read porn, I would definitely want to have that voice. Yeah, that would be so fun to sing. Yeah. Oh my god, when you have that voice, you can do everything. Yeah. You can do anything. I was like, I wanted to react and say something, but I couldn't. Because I just wanted to listen to this. Yeah, I just really want to, you know, feel the song itself from her. That was so nice. Yeah, so nice. And I liked the way she, you know, sings like, and also like the, so tango, tango, so tango, so tango, so tango. Yeah, so tango, so tango, so tango, so tango. So thank you guys for watching. Yeah. We loved, I mean, I loved this person. I really appreciate you guys recommended this. Yeah, I would say this song, so. Yeah, I mean, otherwise I wouldn't have, you know, tried this, tried to listen to this. So thank you guys for watching. We really enjoyed this video. please subscribe to our channel and also please hit the like button as well and please also comment whatever you want to comment so see you guys next time