 Hai, everybody! Welcome back to my YouTube channel. Today is April 15. So this means today is another day. It's another vlog. So by the way, as you can see here, I have a newly harvest. Small banana. This is how it looks like. And this banana tastes good. Oh my gosh! So, one down. But I'm gonna eat it. I also have newly harvest cucumber. Oh, this is what you will see here in my kitchen. I believe I already mentioned some of these things and my previous vlog before. But, yes, in some of you still asking me how Filipina people respond whenever they see someone, Mary of Horner. Let's again try to discuss about this topic. Okay? So I hope everyone is ready because if you do, let's start, Lavis. Okay, so the first thing that you will hear from Filipina people whenever they see someone, a Filipina, that is in a relationship or being married to a foreigner, they will often say like, she is rich now. So not only her, but also her entire family, people, things that all foreigners are rich. And they also think that all of you has a multimillion pesos in your bank account. So sometimes I am being too defensive. I keep explaining them that not all foreigners are rich. Whatever things that you have right now it's because of your hard work. Okay? You work hard for this money to buy the things that you need like your house, pay for your bills on time, your car, paying for your apartment. But, you know what guys? We cannot change the way they think. And that not all of you are rich. So when they see a Filipina that is in a relationship with a foreigner, they would expect that, Okay, in time or after a year or two, you will build a mansion for your Filipina and for the family. You will buy a big land for your Filipina girlfriend or you will shower your Filipina with everything, material things that she needs. The first expectation from people here, especially people from the town, from the village, because they only see foreigner very rare. All right? I'm number two thing. They would often say, Your Filipina doesn't love you at all and she's only after your money. So this is common whenever some of these people see in age gap relationship. Let's say you are on your 60s or 50s but your Filipina is only 20s or 30s. So they would often judge her that she's only after your money. That's why she choose you. When in fact she can choose someone that same her age. Okay? So some Filipinos will say that she's a gold digger and the only reason why she marry you is because you're dying. So that means if you are gone in this world, all of your assets will go to your Filipina. I know if I have a Filipina viewers right now. Again, they will say that I am exaggerating, that I am spilling some of these things for you guys but I don't care. All that you want is for you to know some of the things and some of the truth about the Filipina people and the Filipines. So moving on to number three things. Some people say that you're only looking for Filipina wives because you need someone to be your servant. You can hire a nani. That's why you need us to cook your food, to clean your house and then iron your clothes. So I received so many comments from Filipina people about this that I'm not thinking. They said that once I get married to a foreigner, I will need to clean your house, cook for you or iron your clothes. So I answered them that it's a wife's duty. Okay? If I get married to a Filipino, I will also need to do all these things since we cannot afford to have a nani. This is the same when I marry a foreigner. Do you think that if I get married to a Filipino guy, I will let do any of this house chores. So it doesn't make sense for me. I asked that subscribers if she's married, if she has a family, and then she told me that she is married to a Filipino guy. So I asked her, do you have nani at home or do you have someone that do your house chores? She said she's doing all of these things. So I told her, she's telling me that foreign guy are only looking for Filipino wives because you need a nani or you need someone to take care of you. When in fact, she's also taking care of her husband. She's also doing all the house chores, right? So I'm not sure where this kind of mentality came from. By the way, she told me that she will black my YouTube account, but I only tell her that she would. So I'm not defending you guys, but you know, it's a common sense that once you get married, you will need to do all these things for your husband, which he doesn't understand. So yeah, that's what I told her. Another thing, your Filipino or her family is already entitled just because she married one of you. Your Filipino is not doing anything. She's just being a wife. She's just enjoying being a housewife or being a good wife. People will say a lot of things about her. So they might say that she's feeling entitled. She is boastful. She's she changed a lot. Some people will bash your Filipino wife, including you. Okay. So expect that in some parts of our country, people has a stereotype that when a Filipino is being in a relationship or married to a foreigner, that's because she is being flirty. It takes a lot of guts to meet a foreigner. Let's say from meeting you, talking to you or being with a foreigner that has a different culture than us. We will dig on your Filipinas past. We will say so many things about your Filipina. And also, one thing that other people will say about you is foreigner, only look for Filipina because you love the exotic beauty. It's either you have no choice because you're not meeting any women in your country or it's me who doesn't have choice. Since the Filipina men are not interested in dating me. But if you're dating a Filipina that came from the city, you will not have any problem at all because seeing foreigner in the city is just a norm of view for people. Actually here, you will see a lot of foreigner with the Filipina wives here in our city. It's like our and a half from here in our village. But here, so far, we only knew someone like two or three girls that are married to a foreigner. So people here are not yet used of seeing other nationalities and being with someone from another country. So this is our blog for today. I hope you enjoy it. And if you do, I hope you can see it at a like and subscribe. I'm gonna cook now, guys. It's already 10 a.m. here in the Philippines. So yes, I hope you enjoy our vlog for today. Thank you so much, love you. And see you in my next videos. Have a nice day ahead and have a good night to all of you. I love you all. Bye.