 two private corporations declaring bankruptcies and financial institutions because their foreign reserves had gone empty. It's the highest emerging market and I can see that so much change is happening in the Philippines. Today we're going to learn a little bit more about the Philippines. What's up Philippines? I have this very interesting video today that I want to react to which is why the Philippines has so much foreign reserves. I'm like, where is this money? We all see that there is some development happening but that doesn't mean it's happening with the foreigners. But I'm very curious to hear about this video so I would say let's just jump straight into it. There we go. The biggest economic engines of the Philippine economy is largely due to its large foreign reserves. According to the latest World Bank data published for the year 2021 has shown that the country has about 108 billion US dollars in total sales. No, but at all. Besides, it makes the Philippines one of the largest in the entire continent. Wow! However, at the same time, this figure is often the center of several debates. People claim that it is very low and they would go on to compare this figure to countries like Japan or China. But if we can take a look closer at its neighboring block known as Southeast Asia, countries like Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia have higher reserves than the Philippines. Thailand for instance even has over 246 billion dollars in foreign reserves which is more than double that of the Philippines. However, despite being a lagging country as some have stated, there are still arguments that go into play while the Philippines has an adequate amount of foreign reserves which are vastly underappreciated. And here's why. How big a country's foreign reserves are. One that is often misunderstood and missed out on when said since talk about it. This is also a big part of why the Philippines is not at risk for territories when it comes to foreign debt. People say that the country owes too much money to foreign lenders such as China and China even at times Japan. Yet they forget that the country also means foreign reserves adequately enough compared to its foreign debts. But to truly understand how important the Philippines foreign reserves are, you must first take a look at the first key data point. According to the World Bank's 2021 data which shows what is known as the total reserves in months of imports, meaning how much reserves a country has relative to its imports, shows that the Philippines has the highest in all of Southeast Asia's regions. As of the 2021 data, the Philippines has about 10 months of total reserves in months of imports. Thailand, for instance, has only about 9 months of total reserves in months of imports, whereas even via... Are we winning? We're winning? We're winning for 4 months. This is also a nice data point that showcases how much the Philippines can absorb in the case of a downturn. For instance, we have seen several commodity shocks in recent months where oil and gas had seen prices skyrocket. This has caused a strain on Philippine importation, but it was adequately met due to considerable foreign reserves. Furthermore, imports aside another key aspect that shows how robust the country's foreign reserves are is due to external debt. The data set of the World Bank which calculates the total reserves as a percentage of external debt is the second factor here. Because foreign reserves are also what is being used to pay the external debt. You borrow in US dollars, you pay in US dollars. The risks here are likely disastrous. Foreign debt has crumbled several economies globally. The Philippines crisis in the early 1980s was even a historical case related to its foreign debt. Therefore, the need to have larger foreign reserves over its external debt is necessary. As of 2021, the Philippines has about 102.2% of total reserves as a percentage of external debt, higher than both Vietnam and Indonesia and only behind Thailand. This is an important factor in understanding that the Philippines is actually in a better position when it comes to adequacy in foreign reserves. It is also worth noting that foreign reserves play a crucial factor in a country. The larger it is, especially compared to its foreign debts and imports, may suggest that the country can be more stable. There were more than several cases in history other than the 1980s of the Philippines crisis that caused a downturn of events when it comes to foreign reserves. One very big example is the 1997 Asian financial crisis, where economies from both regional blocks of Southeast and East Asia sought tremendous capital outflows. This wrecked governments, two private corporations declaring bankruptcies and financial institutions because their foreign reserves had gone empty. This led to the likes of the international monetary fund. I have no idea that it is so important for the country. The Americans of dollars of emergency loans just to make sure they survive. Moreover, one can also see that having such high foreign reserves is also important for both investor confidence and credit worthiness. The latest S&P credit rating, for instance, sees that the Philippines has a rating of triple B plus, which makes the country's rate higher than Indonesia and Vietnam. And on the same course as Thailand, it is even higher than other newly industrialized countries such as Mexico, South Africa and Brazil. And despite these, it is regrettable that the Philippines have misunderstood how big the Philippines foreign reserves are. A big misconception related to the country's foreign reserves is about the Philippine trade industry. Many people know that the Philippines imports more than it exports. For context, in 2022, the Philippines had a trade deficit of more than 50 billion US dollars. This suggests that the Philippines imported more than it exported, which is a bad sign indeed. However, it is also worth noting that despite the country's bad trade deficit, which is not limited to 2022 alone but has occurred several times in the past decades, still saw the overall balance of payment, which is a concept that calculates the inflow and outflow of money, is overall positive. That is why the Philippines, even despite having a trade deficit of billions of dollars, has still seen a continued increase in foreign reserves. There are big players in the entire balance of payment industry of the Philippines that have helped push the countries overall foreign reserves accumulation. Factors are all but forgotten, as most people often only focus on merchandise trade. For instance, the Philippines. Okay, I know that this is a lot to digest. I am not that much into, you know, forriars and import export, but it is important. So it's important to understand how it affects the country as well. A big player in the entire business process outsourcing hub, the Philippines, even though it imports more goods than exports, actually exports more services than imports. Indeed, a huge part of all of these is due to the call center industry, which has garnered billions of dollars every single year. I want the biggest in the world. According to the latest data published by the Central Bank of the Philippines, in the first nine months of 2022, the service surplus recorded about 10 billion dollars. Not enough to, of course, cover the big deficit in merchandise trade, but it is a big factor on top of another big financial sector. The other factor in helping the balance of payment is through the recipients of overseas Filipino remittances. Actually, there is a video that I published about BPO comparison of Philippines to India to pop up right here. Which as of 2021, all estimated to be $36.1 billion. Other factors are also at play in the industry other than OFWNBPO's. We can also say, and be thankful for, the prudent monetary policy adopted by the Central Bank of the Philippines. This policy has helped manage capital flows and eventually the build up of foreign reserves. This is likewise a huge part when we talk about the entire foreign reserves of the Philippines. These factors, from service exports to overseas Filipino workers' remittances, have helped not only alleviate the burden of having a big merchandise trade deficit, but also help increase the overall foreign reserves of the Philippines to where it is today, at a level that has arguably made the country's overall economic positioning to external shocks safer. But this is not to claim that the Philippines should focus on where it is today. Of course, the Philippines must fix its merchandise deficit. It cannot solely rely on services and remittances forever. But it is a video that states that despite all of the people's claims that the Philippines is in a terrible position due to its lack of exports is entirely a one-sided view. And must take into consideration the fact that there are also other factors playing within the Philippine economic landscape. And finally, while these data points from the World Bank show that the Philippines is indeed ahead against most of its Southeast Asian peers when it comes to external shocks, it is also not limited to its neighboring block alone. Comparatively, the Philippines, as of 2021, has a higher level than other newly industrialized countries such as Mexico, Turkey, South Africa, and even a developed country such as South Korea. Likewise, this video is also not to claim that the Philippines has a higher foreign reserve but to stress the importance of being safer from external shocks. But anyway, do let us know what you think is in the Philippines. What do you think the Philippines has a higher foreign reserve? Or let us know why you think we are wrong and why the Philippines are actually in a bad position? Thanks for watching. Okay, interesting video. As always from behind Asia, it's just mind blowing and it's as it stated in the last two seconds. It's the highest emerging market. And I can see that so much changes happening in the Philippines that it can only go up from here. I hope. No more crises. Let me know what you think about this. I know this is a very, very tricky one. We all have our opinions on how money is spent, especially how countries are handling it. Yes, this is very big topic. Let me know in the comments down below and I'll see you guys next time here on... What's up Philippines? Don't forget to subscribe, hit the notification bell and give this video a thumbs up. See ya. Bye.