 Filipinos during a typhoon Right you probably for a second were like wait a minute. This is kind of serious. It is you know, it's a very scary experience But I you just saw what I saw it's the it's the it's the fact that you take these situations you make them a little funnier You know you take the the serious situations you make them a little funny cuz hey Don't take life so seriously. That's just what life is life is a very funny thing believe it or not It's a very funny thing really think about it. Just don't take it so seriously. Life is a beautiful thing Just go through the motions everybody got their things everybody got their problems everybody got their happiness is Don't take it so seriously though, okay? And obviously with Filipinos during typhoons they don't take it so seriously and that's a fantastic Fantastic For real it don't get better than that Pass it to Wait wait the fact that was floating The fact that it was floating away and he had to turn around grow No way he's having a dinner Yo, that's actually kind of funny. I love doing that too. Whenever serious situations happen. Just it's so good to do this Oh That's his flooded. I'm not skipping I'm not skipping no dinner if I'm hungry I'm not skipping dinner cuz my house is flooded I'm about to drown but is that gonna stop me from eating? Didn't think so my good night The skin you know I want to bite now if it The house is like that he's still eating. I want to know what it is It's playing with the water That's crazy I mean it must be fun That actually must be fun Okay Oh University bro is calling it out Here we go Set This would be so fun Imagine with all your friends I Hey Yeah, okay, I was doing my thing just walking across the street everything that I do man I get upon his feet. I'm a doing everything that I do See I just Wait is he DJ is it like you DJ? Oh Yo Who would win Oh, I might have to say the red shirt. I think his minute never mind wait. Yeah, the red shirt Well, it's black on the back, but it was right on the front wait. Yeah All right, the other one just cheat he got up He's not even Wait a minute Is he surfing So Is this the whole city though This is what the typhoon did oh my god. I'm scared What Yo His legs Wait Oh He has an actual whistle Well actually about a whistle dang look at his back okay Hey Oh I was like all right, that's enough Yo, that actually scared me I don't know why Dude though, who's screaming? Hey those were Filipinos during a typhoon when it was recommended to me It was uh people said that this is like Filipinos during a typhoon It was gonna be some funny like videos and stuff and so I thought why not it was something kind of fun Just to watch but hey Genuinely, I mean this kind of makes me happy just seeing people really just take like the quote unquote negatives of things happening You know nature just taking its course and Next thing you know, they're just still just taking gratitude to life and just enjoying it big You know what let's not take life so seriously. That's a beautiful thing And look I just want to say thank you so so so much for watching. I really do appreciate it If you liked it leave a like if you loved it subscribe if you want more let me know down the comments below And yeah, 10 next time guys You You You