 I've never had a lumpia with this kind of crunch portless limelessly. Good afternoon vlog as you guys can see where I'm at. For those of you guys who live here, you guys probably know where I'm at. For those of you guys who don't, this is my challenge. Cross. Say hi Adam. So this is my friend Adam. You know, Adam was a... So with him. He's gonna visit me for the next two weeks and he's gonna be part of my box. So get acquainted with him. His name's Adam. He's also from where I'm from and we're here at Magellan's Cross because he's been wanting to come here since forever. So you can forever, right? Let's go. And this is the church. Hi Adam. It's Prazer's Sins Away. We're gonna need all day. But it's a beautiful church. It's just what I've seen and looked on photos. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like inside. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. So we're gonna go inside and show you guys what it looks like. Look at that ! Hey Adam. How do you like Sam Pedro for? Oh sorry ! Not Sam Pedro for. I met the church. All right. You felt unworthy? unworthy why right so the good thing about the Magellan's Cross it's home like if you want to see inside then go during the weekdays from Monday through Friday on the week ends you're not able to do that but you can still you do your candle rituals and then throw them inside the cage my my eyes on the first ever something you know my mama has a million of those yeah we're not able to record it because I don't respect he thinks he's gonna get cursed yeah I'm trying to tell you though obviously there's some reason but yeah we're we're not able to go film it but if you guys are in the area and you guys are able to go in that little area then do so and just pay respects and not take photos so we're almost here at Sam Pedro and I'll show you guys when we get inside so in the middle of the church and Sam Pedro there's this nice park that you guys can go to I'm pretty sure at night and during the weekends this gets all packed of people last time we were here there was setting up a state right here for I think a beauty pageant or a contest of some sort but this place gets really busy during the weekends and then there's like a historical background of this park area and there's Sam Pedro as you guys see I'm gonna put up here in the corner a video of me doing some Pedro because I already been here but since my friend here Adam has been here yet I'm gonna be showing him this so there's a video already already did about it so it's up there and go enjoy it it is really hot out guys it's so hot but now we're gonna go towards the direction of San Carlos no not San Carlos we're gonna go to Colonistry so after Colonistry I think I'm going to just end the video there it's probably gonna be relatively short but we have other things to do in here in the city as well and I'll keep you guys updated on that so how do you like it so far Adam it's really nice but it's really hot and I would like some air going to let's keep walking but the thing is really breezy at the top which I was surprised at it's nice out you should show him the sky I was the first to use thunder and rain all week nice yeah you can't rely on the weather ups because it rains yes but it doesn't rain all day like it's but when it does as well it gets really hot probably but that's about it guys so I'm gonna end the video here so like comment your subscribe and see you guys in the following video which speaker you're gonna get Adam which one is the best sounding one which one sounds the best wooso Oh Maybe she might ask Okay How much is this one? Almost How old is for 60 pesos? How do you like it? Not much though How do you like it? I'm not You can't compare about How do you like this cheap meal? How much is this like a new-ess? Not a non-vegetarian I've never had it I've never had a long beer But it's kind of crunchy Let's listen I can't with you