 You may have that word that room sort of concert singers. Oh, that was all the karaoke machine. Yeah, is that everybody cut up? Oh drunk karaoke. No, it's a team it gotta have some entertainment What's good y'all is it the most sense react and we're back with another video who we got to They see today we're back with another American reaction. Yes, super excited about this video guys if you need to listen We know to you make sure you scroll down. He doesn't subscribe button and turn on the post notification bell because we're on the road to 100k and we cannot get there without you guys all right join the family without further ado. Let's get into the video Vital part of Filipino culture from the smallest birthday parties to big town fiestas Filipinos just can't seem to get together without having a few drinks on the table However believe it or not amidst the chaos boys and age old order welcome to Philippines 101 and this is Philippine drinking etiquette We all need to know a little bit of drinking etiquette Let's um let's drink. I mean It's look I've never heard of drinking etiquette ever so this tells me That that y'all there's a science to this the right way in the wrong way to do it right I'm interested that speaks volumes I'm ready to learn come on Philippines The tangaro also called the gunna and one of the distinctive Caraties of the drinking culture in the Philippines assumes an important role now prior to the commencement of the festivities A small portion of the intoxicating liquid is poured into the cap and subsequently emptied onto the ground This ceremonial offering to the spirits is considered essential for a safe and devil three Session the tangaro pours the drink every time measuring the liquor by eye The participants are not given individual glasses This is an accordance with the tradition of baguette which means a show of trust Come raddery and in these days a united willingness to enter in a COVID Russian roulette as drinkers share a common glass Past in a round robin sequence. It is frowned upon Yeah, okay so far so good. I like that he judges about I Depends on how you feel You look like you can take another one you're gonna fill a cup up. Okay, so why I just want cup. Oh, they say trust. Okay All right, so I'm gonna need everybody You see that be on board. Okay, don't put no tongue. Oh, guys today glad. It's all right. Okay. All right Take a pause but when a drinker is Excessively A substitute from within the group must consume the short and the drinker's place without affecting his or her own turn to my dance sequence It is customer a post-consumption to return the short glass to the center of the table Ohanded directly to that tangaro to be refilled for the next drinker The composition of every drinking session varies However, it is important to familiarize oneself with these carriages has to be a way of the character is thick The drunken master a legend gifted with immunity from any creation Usually left with a task of cleaning up after all is said and The working did this creatures will to stay conscious this white consuming overwhelming amount of alcohol It's commendable and allows it to continuously engage with the group I got a question Alcohol is so unique and so like invisible when you like listen Let's listen what I'm fitting to say. Mm-hmm. Why is it so hard to drink a gallon of water? Okay, but when you have alcohol you consume it back to back to where is it going? I mean it's not a belly thing. It's literally just like and sometimes spicy and who's a twelpaca beer Which way like it's a twelpaca beer. That's like more than the gallon I don't know I don't say so I would not be this way. So when they take in about a 12 pack You know what I'm saying they're going for more It's crazy like how liquor can just sit different than water in your body. I actually like what You have the conversation with the wrong person so come on people the comments section Okay, okay, okay, okay, yeah, the real conversation I don't want I want to forget the two of the day so far so we did the walking day and then we did Drunken master in the 10-year-old We didn't do the thing. Yes. He's the one point. I'm oh, it's in garrows. Okay. Yeah, all right It's said and done the walking did this creature's will to stay conscious This white consuming overwhelming amount of alcohol is commendable and allows it to continuously Herbie from a state the escape artist To paper all of sudden disappearances it leaves unnoticed bringing with it its share of the bill the way The usual catalysts of trouble it turns aggro and overconfident with every shot the concert queen A frustrated vocalist this creature both It's questful validation The sleeping beauty This creature lacks the ability to stay conscious with its introduction in its bloodstream because it is immobilized early on in the session The sleeping beauty is the primary target for embarrassing photos and un warranted facial The runner the one task with the acquisition and logistics of essential supplies to perpetuate the drinking station And Is that it is able to choose the food at likes to be consumed by the group along with the alcohol You see Which one best describes you as a drink you don't have to be for the Philippines to join into these comments But we would love to hear everyone's side of this like so back in the day, you know We did taking a lot of drinks back in the day. We're gonna call a lot of them. Which one do you think was Most suitable for you. I was the runner because I was always the designated drop. Okay. I was always the designated drop But there was times when I was the concert queen. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Um I think I was the sleepy. What was it? Sleeping beauty. Yeah, I was I was unconscious you sleep it. That's plenty of nice. I didn't remember When I woke up I'm I'm not gonna say that Um, and if there was another one. I think I would probably be well Now that I've grown from out of it. I was the runner like that's time. Well, I just go rain good things. Yeah, so so a K a the designated driver Oh, yeah Now I know a few are there the werewolf the one who's overconfident when they drink Oh I got you bro. Don't worry about it. What's up? Oh Confident to where you yeah, I don't know. I've been a long time. I haven't really I know I might go in the voids to think about this It's been some days. Yeah, let us know which one you were right You know's no drinking session is complete without the accompaniment of the food Usually of the greasy and fatty variety This is called Buluta and it comes from the Filipino word Bulot meaning to pick up Now it is acceptable for drinkers to grab small bites in between shorts This is to remove the bitterness from the alcohol as well as prolong into Obstication as the food is hoped to slow down the alcohol from entering the bloodstream It is unacceptable however to consume the pollutant with rice as it is meant to be shared and not to be hordered and treated Like a meal in the event of Greece or fat is unavailable Inexpensive nuts and chips are usually the vulnerable alternatives Including some born out of creative Ingenuity like the tuna and tortoise factorere This one is collected from a Chew restaurant Do it shift Thí ng is so You know Copy in Japanese is the Filipino word of saying, geez, the clinking of glasses and the partaking of a shared beverage containing every participant's DNA, it's meant to honour all friendships, celebrate new ones and in certain situations, possibly everyone's self from being violated with a sharp piece of metal designed to break up eyes. What's going on in the army for all that? It's a great song. Oh man, okay, so uh, Fiddler Pins, we didn't know that you guys were being told to pick up beverages at the age of five, right? So now we see the the level of the adequate height it has evolved from time and time, you know what I'm saying? So yeah, interesting. Yes, the age of five. You don't remember? I think the last video we did, that was a lady she was speaking about how she was young, how mom would make her stop by the stove of the stand, not to get lemonade, but to get that certain drink. Yeah, yeah. I forgot what it was. It's a four-letter word, the name of your journey. I forgot what it was, but yeah, it's my make at home. Yes, you guys get it from a tree and then y'all break it down, y'all do, yeah, this was a fucker. Was it a fucker? No. No. I want to say, I don't know. I don't want to guess it wrong. He more. I don't know. You saying stuff now. You saying stuff? Oh no. Uh, everything. So yes, the Fiddler Pino drinking culture. Man, Fiddler Pino, put it up. Y'all got this in the water. Everybody got, uh, uh, what is it? Everybody has a duty. A duty. A duty. All right, we got you. We got you. What if you had a room full of rivals? That wouldn't be pretty. There'd be a lot of fussing going on over there. Yeah, yeah, a lot of fussing. Oh, you may have that room full of, uh, concert singers. Oh, that was that was all the karaoke machine. Yeah, is that everybody cut up? Oh, drunk karaoke. No, it's a tame it. Got to have some entertainment. Yeah, yeah. That's true. So we hope you guys enjoyed this video with us. Like this video. Subscribe. Turn on the post notification bell. We have a name that I super thinks if you like, support the channel that way. As well as our reaction, request form is in the description box below. We'll see you soon. Peace.