 That's one thing that I realized, especially with my travels in the Philippines kids, are just in the ocean with no parents around. That would never happen in Europe. They're just diving, jumping off boats. I called them the super humans. What's up Philippines? Welcome back to another video with your host Nelly. I'm so happy to see you again on this, I don't know which day it is, but whatever. You know, we're just here for a good barbs to do something to be entertained hopefully. Yeah, to dive deeper into the Philippines culture. And today I'm reacting to a very, very interesting video which is the triad that evolved to stay underwater longer. So I'm very curious to see that one because I have already encountered some of those during my travels in the Philippines, especially in a place called Malapasqua, where I encountered people who can dive up to 30 meters down to see the treasure sharks. So that's kind of like super, super epic for me. Great achievement, but it is actually a tribe that is very much capable of holding a breath or a substantial amount of time. So I would say without further ado, I would like to jump straight into the video. But please subscribe, I did not fart. That was the chair. I swear. I swear. I'm so full of that joke. Yeah, let's get started, right? Woah the Senate? Look so epic, my despair. Split F lounge grips. Woah. Relaxed. All right. Exciting, I would like that transition. I must remember that for my next video. Bajau people, yeah, I did a video about them. Okay, I've scattered throughout Indonesia, Philippines and Malaysia. They were fish. We are in the same coffee, we are going to the same place. I'm going to the same place. We are going to the same place. That's one thing that I realized, especially with my travels in the Philippines, kids are just in the ocean with no parents around. They would never happen in Europe. They're just diving, jumping off boats. I go on island hopping tours or even ferries. So, yeah, they learn to be in the sea, be one with the ocean from very young age. What? Eight hours per day diving. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. Fifty kilograms of fish, that's a lot. Just by hand, imagine, just by hand, not with nets. I'm a poor man. I'm a poor man. I'm a poor man. I'm a poor man. I'm a poor man. Look at the goggles. It's like, all school goggles. That's so interesting. Imagine that you're genetically evolved to live in the ocean. The badge of people, when they go diving, so it's like the dancing is, they go very, very slowly. Yeah, looks fast. I'm the diver, but it's not possible. We go like a five meter. Four hims, so they go, it's two or five meters. So, this is really deeper. The badge of people. But, anyway, I learned to free dive on one of my recent trips and my practice in the Philippines in Koran. Hopefully, I can do more free diving trips, but yeah, I know how difficult it is to just stay calm on the water and not freak out. And then, when you come up, not to just like, yeah, so you try to be slow and very conscious about your breathing. It's like, meditative state. It's very relaxing. And I've been living in the ocean for four years. I've been living in the ocean for four years. But that's what I do. I live in the ocean. That's so cute. Oh wow. There has been more fish. We can all come. We can all come. We can all come. We can all come. We can all come. We can all come. We can all come. Yeah. Let me know in the comments section down below if there are any coral restoration or like coral environmental programs in the Philippines. I would love to promote that. I would love to. I would love to say that I'm a fisher. I would love to do this. I would love to be a fisher. I would love to be a fisher. I would love to be a fisher. We have been working for a long time. I've been living in the ocean for four years. Yeah, true. Yeah, for all of our conservation. See how he's very capable. Oh. Okay, there was an informative video mainly about Indonesia, but yeah, I can refer to Philippines as well because as I said, I have experienced it in the Philippines and I've been to Malaysia as well. I've been to Thailand where I saw some badger people were able to talk to them and it's very, very fascinating to immerse myself into their culture and just to understand how they live and just see a day from their perspective. Get to know the play habits, what they do and most of them switch from fishing to just making tourist accessories like necklaces and little wooden carved figures. So yeah, change the lot. So protecting the tribe will be a challenge I think, not sure how it will turn out in the future because you know, the ocean is in a critical state. So I hope that will change for the better very, very soon. If you enjoyed this video, give it a thumbs up if you learned something new. Please hit the notification bell as well and subscribe for more. I know that I am not as consistent as I should be, but I am up on a regular basis. It was a surprise, you never know when I'm going to drop a video, so better hit that set up. It was the chair again. Anyways, I also have another channel which is about travel and lifestyle and food, which is called Nellys Life. It will pop up right here. It's always linked in the description box down below. If you are into vlogs, please check it out as well. We'd love for you to see how I travel and maybe experience also the Philippines, how my life has been day. Well, there was a mouthful last one I swear. If you want to buy me a coffee, you can become a channel member. You have some perks as a channel member as well, so you can check it out when you click the button down which is called Join. I think it's in my profile, my YouTube profile. Yeah, it's $4.99 in the minimum. Give me some coffee to keep going with this channel. Thank you so much for your support so far. And I'll see you guys next time here on Wut's of Philippines! Bye-bye!