 Alright, so first and foremost, congratulations to SB19 for winning a couple of awards at the 2023 Asia Artist Awards. I've been told that they want to award. So congratulations again, okay? They make great music and even if you do not appreciate their music, you can at least appreciate how hard and how much they work for this music. You know, they are hard working boys and you can tell that they are because they constantly keep making music. And the music is complex and trust me when I say it is not easy to make music when you are five voices, okay? Plus, they dance. They dance really well and their music videos always look great, okay? So you can at least appreciate the hard work if you don't appreciate the music because music in the end is very subjective, right? And we have to respect people who appreciate the music and don't appreciate the music, you know, but the work we can all appreciate it. So congratulations again to SB19. But we are here today to react to their performance at the 2023 Asia Artist Awards, alright? It says 2023 Asia Artist Awards special stage performance of SB19 with a team, with a team. It sounds like 18, which are their fans, right? So that's, that's odd. We will see. If you are new to the channel, welcome. I'm Maliga Yang, Pagababalek Sa'Aqin, channel Aragousio Vela, Amazon Engineer Beatmaker and Content Creator on YouTube. And with that being said, let's jump right into it. Alright boys, show them how it's done. You, you, let's hit it. Look at that logo. Oh, we got some MJ influence, baby. This is so Michael Jackson like, you know, I think that's the song Black or White, right? I think. Ooh, I love it. Oh yeah. I want to know you know you know you know you know you know that. They don't really care about us. Ganto. This is interesting. See, like, there's not the original beat. So if you are not familiar with the lyrics, you're not going to recognize the song, but I'm familiar with the lyrics, so I know which song it is. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. I like how they introduced the famous bass of the song Ganto first, right? I think you guys recognized it. And then you know they took their time to drop the kick, right? And the bass with the chorus, man. I was like, come on. They elongated that part. You know the transition. They made us want it more. Let's go. Let's go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See, this is what I'm talking about. This is what I was talking about at the beginning of the video. It's the hard work. Look at the staging. Okay. Look at the dancing. Look at the performance. Look at the choreography. There is so much work behind this. I honestly feel like this year they haven't stopped working. But, man, they must be exhausted. I'm not familiar with this song. What's the name of this song? You know them dressed like this completely in white. I don't know why, but they are giving me backstreet boys vibes, man. Of course I'm going to like this because I grew up with backstreet boys in sync. So, come on, man. Look at still. Why was the dancer so pissed? Let me rewind. See, this guy. Why is he so pissed? Look at his face. He's really into this, like 100% showing emotions. Yeah, he was like, oh, attitude. But, hey, but Zinga. Interesting. See, I thought they were only going to be performing songs from their latest EP, Pak Tataga. But no, it's a mix of all their songs because Zinga is not part of the latest EP. Are they going to perform what's the name of that song? Is it what? I think it's just what, right? See, I'm personally a fan of the song Gento. Zinga, I'm like, it's all right. But when I hear Zinga, the first thing that comes into my mind is the music video because of the personality of that music video. It was very street fighter centric. It shows you the amount of personality and work that they put in their music videos. It's very memorable. This is so cute. I know this song, what's in there? Is this Crimson? I know this song. I know this song. I know this song. What's in there? Is this Crimson? I think it's Crimson, right? Yeah, yeah. I picked it on the power shake. I know this song. What's in there? Is this Crimson? I think it's Crimson, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, shake. Maaah. Yeah, yeah. What's this Crimson? It's a trap. We go all out. It's nice to see people in the audience and other Asian artists who are very famous. I'm assuming. Okay, I'm not very familiar with those artists, but it's nice to see them hyped while listening to SB19. I wonder how their acceptance speech was or were, you know, because I believe they want a couple of awards. They must have thanked everybody, right? Filipinos, their fans, 18, probably their families, right? We're back. We're back. Look at the fire. And team. Who's team? Who the hell is team? And team. I'm assuming maybe they are also artists, you know, they look Korean to me. I don't know. I don't know them. Or maybe they are just dancers, popular dancers. Wait, two. Can't go. Ah. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Yeah, they look Korean to me. I'm going to put it in the back. Wow. Oh, yeah. They're sharp as well, huh? That's how big the song Gento has become, man. The entire world knows Gento. Gento. Gento. Hey. With the oh, oh. Gento. Oh, yeah. It's so cool to see people on their feet, man. Yo, it shows you that SB 19, they made it. They really did make it. I'm very proud of them. Even though I wouldn't consider myself an 18, you know, because I don't believe in idolizing people in general or artists, you know. But I do have my favorite SB 19 songs. And I don't just think about SB 19. I also think about songs that are just for certain members of SB 19 because they also have their solo careers. And also because I've been following them and reacting to them and I've seen the evolution, my God, and their influence on the world, you know. And also because their beat maker is a fellow Canadian, yes, and I've seen and I've watched his, what does he call them, the making of, of the SB 19 beats, you know. I'm proud of him. I am proud of him. Oh, I love the energy. Let's go. Oh, love the energy. Not the energy. Giving it their all always. Bang, bang, bang! ah smooth wow that's the effort that I was talking about that's the effort they give it they're all at all times whether it be behind a microphone on stage or in a studio booth or while dancing on stage or in a music video they're always giving it their best you know and I respect that tremendously yes boy oh boy oh boy that was one hell of a performance I need to know who and team are it did not look like they were singers it looked like they were dancers because they were as sharp maybe even sharper with their moves compared to a SB 19 very impressive so again congratulations to SB 19 and can you imagine they made this much noise with an EP okay it's an EP it's not an album because everybody knows you know that albums are taken usually more seriously than EPs so now that they have made this much noise and you know garnered this much attention with an EP bra I think the expectations for their next album I'm assuming the next body of work is going to be an album is going to be huge and I think they will knock it out of the park I have questions you know should you still make the same type of music because you know the music that they made for Park that Bag and the music that they made before the EP they have a lot of similarities right and you can feel it I can feel it because as a beat maker I recognize the same styles and the same sounds that they use and especially when it comes to their beat maker you know so I'm thinking maybe for their upcoming project perhaps they need to be more adventurous and perhaps work with different beat makers you know what I'm saying and try new things maybe venture into new territories and sounds just so that they keep things fresh and surprising you know so now it is your turn to tell me the comment section below in your thoughts on SB 19 have you seen their speech you know because I haven't seen the speech and their performance because the performance was a banger for sure from A to Z loved every part of it there was maybe one song that I didn't recognize but the others yeah I was familiar I mean Ghento, Bazinga, Crimzone I think those were the three that I knew and then they played one more that I wasn't familiar with. Marami Marami, Salam, and of course if you found value in this video do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.