 So last night I got a slight deep frightening email I got an email from Emirates saying that my flight has been cancelled. I had a flight cancelled from Philippines to Vietnam that got me stranded in the Philippines but this one is a little bit different. This was my flight back to South Africa. This was my flight back home. This means I'm now stranded in Southeast Asia. The next flight has been cancelled in light of current health concerns. If your cancelled flight is not within 72 hours, please contact us closely to the date of travel. My original plan was to quit my job and go traveling for a few months. I booked a ticket to Thailand so in just over a month I would have gone home. I would have gone from Thailand to Philippines to Vietnam to Thailand and then Thailand back to South Africa. I then got stranded in an island called Charger Health. Charger Health is an island in the Southeast part of Philippines and there's actually not one single case of the coronavirus in this part of the Philippines where I'm at now. I'm actually very fortunate to be here right now because they don't really have a lockdown. They have what they call a community quarantine or a enhanced community quarantine. So I'm still free to go out and do whatever I want but there are certain things I can't do. I'm limited to like the town called General Luna. They stop you by having these checkpoints that I will show you later on where they ask you for a quarantine pass. So you need like this piece of paper almost like this. If they sell out, you need to go through the checkpoints to go buy food or whatever. Oh and I can't go surfing. The one day I went out surfing and what happened is the coast guard came by. I was already done surfing and I was already on my way out and they asked me where is my boat. So I told them I don't have a boat. I was surfing at Seymour's Reen is quite a long paddle so they asked if I paddled the way and I said yeah, then they were like oh and they just told me to go home. Then they hit to the other surface to chase them out of the water. So ever since then we're not allowed to surf anymore. And I saw online a couple of people who got caught surfing and actually got arrested. I'm not going to attempt surfing for a while. Another negative thing about this quarantine is they have an alcohol band so I'm not allowed to buy alcohol. And they're closing down restaurants and stuff so there's less food options available. Now the positive thing about this quarantine. I'm actually seeing a whole different island than what I saw when I first came. All the tourists that left the island, Streets on so busy animal, I'm seeing a whole different side of the island. Now that I'm not so mobile anymore, discovering like local places to eat that are way cheaper. And the accommodations are actually lowering their price. Just look at our nice displaces I'm staying at the moment. And the other thing is I'm not boxing like the people back home inside Africa. I can still go out, I can go to the beach. So that's just what I'm going to do. I'm going to go out, I'm going to go to the beach. That is the perfect day to go to the beach. Just today and the day before was like rainy and miserable and stuff. It's still warm but yeah it's not good to go to the beach you know. So maybe I may see a quarantine checkpoint and this side is also one. They didn't ask me for my quarantine pause right now because I think so many people are going for something for lunch. So it doesn't make sense to ask everyone. I'm just going to go stop for some lunch because it's almost lunch time at my favorite burger place man. Much had rained the last couple of days. The weather is always like we've pulled. There's normally a road there. So something I discovered way too late. This whole area over here. South Burgers like all of those places are burgers. All of these places are burgers. It's so good and it's so cheap man. Definitely Tandoay. All of the convenience stores are still open and the grocery stores are still open but restaurants are mostly closed. Some of them are still doing take away. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. Oh man look at this bike. This is what I want. This is like the main area of general lunar. I can't believe how quiet it is. Normally you would just see like 100 scooters flying by. This is like a local eatery. I really miss the food here man. The spring rolls are so good. I can't wait for them to open. I'm going to go to the beach now. I can't wait for that burger man. I'm going to hit the burger now and have a swap. It's a little bit squished but still tastes good. This burger has a fatty, big, coalslaw and two different kinds of sauces. It will be 35 pesos. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm going to hit the burger now. I'm a simple man. Don't want a cup of ketchup. Sitting here is beautiful view. This water is warm. It's like puff water by the way. I don't know what's going to happen with my airplane tickets. I'm going to get home. And when I'm going to go home. For now, I guess I'm stranded in Southeast Asia. I'm going to end that video here. Hit that like button if you liked it. Subscribe if you want to see more videos like this one then. See you in the next one.