 We are in the middle of the window Sorry? We are in the middle of the window Oh, you see? You see? We took up a taxi then? A taxi driver Oh my god Oh my god Stop talking about a taxi then And what's going on here? Oh, what's going on here? Generating Go for it There, here, here From this angle, it looks like 3D Hello, you're out with your head. It's so cool Like Jubang, and that means Drug dealers No, no, I'm joking. Sorry, sorry No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no We are in the middle of the window 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 8 Hello from the Philippines Today vlog, we're going to start in the Uptown Mall One of the newest and most beautiful malls in the Philippines It's located on the north of the Buna Fadjou Global City From the Uptown Mall we're going to go through the walk down to the center of this city This is one of the most beautiful and the newest city in the Metro Manila The popular short name for the city is BGC The new adaptation to this modern city is the big 3D screen that you can enjoy every night Walking down the road is beautiful city, you really get a feeling that you are in the US This is one of the most desirable locations for Filipinos to live in Not just Filipinos, even foreigners see themselves here for many many years to come Yes, Daniel, it's me How are you? How are you? You have come in for me? I am glad, sir Yes, vlogger, vlogger Uptown Mall Sorry? Uptown Mall? Uptown Mall? Uptown Mall, yes, let's go to the Uptown Mall You have strong scooter, right? This is how many? 250cc? I want 5,000 won Only, but look bigger, no? Hey, say if I do the look So we have the best driver in the best taxi, joyride driver in Manila I am from Serbia From Serbia, Serbia, Europe We have some nice running lady across the street Bbbb Sorry? You want to be a Filipino? No, no, no Maybe, I don't know, maybe I had ex-girlfriend Filipinas, but they didn't give me good impression that they are faithful That's a problem They are not faithful, my friend, they are not faithful at all That's bad What are you talking about? I will give you later, I will give you later I just started, you know? I don't know what's my name Yes, yes, yes, how are you? I just started, you know? But yeah, you got it That will give you later, little bit of trouble What do you know better? Travel? Ah, not Travel and maybe some kind of sporting, you know? Like basketball, or something like this, you know? You want basketball? Yeah, you know? So we can do some basketball, tell it and do some courts or something, you know? You play? Yeah, yeah But you're big, you play You know yoghies? You know me being in Colo yoghies? Yes, I know yet Look at it, it's from my country Yes, yes, it's from the southern Mariano Wow, wow, wow, wow It's so big We are on the high street How the high road now? It's traffic, huh? This is still BGC, right? Yeah, no What content do you want from YouTube? Well, it's good, huh? MacPink, MacPink, huh? It's about yesterday But you're global city So that I guess, I agree And I'm going to go back to the other country I have some MacPink on the channel, so you can check it in the dollar way I agree Yes, yes It's not bad, but it's right Yes, yes, yes Very firm I am going to go now Where is this? It's far away? Maybe to Australia How many years you've worked in Manila? That's a pretty much the road Oh, you're just kidding, man, are you? So this is your first job in Manila, right? I know But I can jump What you was doing before? Before I was a glove You don't need provider, it's your job Oh, okay, okay, okay How is Manila? That makes so much That makes traffic jizz, traffic so much So much of a city, huh? So you can change all of this and find you And change all of this, find you, right? No That's good, that's good Wow, the city looking so nice in this When the sunset is going down Like it just looks so beautiful How the jippen is goes? When they start? Just a little side, on the side On the jippen? Yes, and on the front Ah, okay, okay So you just stop, you just jump in and that's it, right? Yes You just stop them, you jump in and that's it, right? Yes, yes Oh, you see? You see, we talk about accident, accident, accident, accident Oh my god, I should not, I should stop talking I should stop talking about accident And what's going on here? Oh, what's going on here? Some, oh, some gas, some We're going to the narrow top Generated? Hey, I can see that, there's a block, just go Can't for accident with the scooter I hate scooters No, no, no, in Greece, in Greece Four times I fall, it is bullshit I press the front brakes in the corner But, you know, please don't break the Don't squeeze the front brakes, eh? I just thought you were going like Okay, so I'm really afraid when you're going to the corners Because I had really bad experience, you know, with this With the braking No, no, you get it, okay, I have trust in you You're the best driver here, I know I know, I have trust in you I was not, I was not ready Hey, hi, hi I almost fall down Hey, boss again, how are you? What's your name? I mean You're also delivery guy? Food, only food, right? You're delivering the food, right? Yes, food, I don't know what Keep in Can't get a watcher Ah, YouTube, YouTube When, when When, this block will be More Come on, all? All that stuff Yeah, so I'm just started, you know, so everything What are the core? I can post tomorrow, you know It's not like you need to wait Two weeks Yeah, you also do the edit Yes, yeah But I don't care, nothing to do tonight Nothing's too Where you pick me up, stand for it Ah, that's mine, that's mine Ah, we're good, right? Yeah, that's right That's a drop, drop me Okay Right here How are you, sir? I'm taking it It's hot for me? You don't want to give me the helmet? How much was, how much is the ride? How is it? 64 64 64 Okay, was 100 flouries, okay? Yeah, I did Yeah, okay, thank you both, see you I, I, I Just text me Yeah? Text me how? In the application? No, no In the application, huh? Yes Okay, yeah, thank you both, huh? See you Bye Hello, how are you? Can I get the Ice-plan strawberry? I'm so full Yeah, I'm so full Here, you get the four ones, I'm so full Hey, how are you? I promised you I will eat here, right? Yes, today So, let's try So, this restaurant is very good Hello, hello, hello Yeah, well, thanks so much, what you name? Nikosy Nikosy Nikos, thank you both So guys, we came to this restaurant that I was supposed to come yesterday, right? Yes, yes And then I say, like, good times, maybe tomorrow and then again, so let's check Hungary We're gonna order something about, okay? Happy 10th, yes, only, happy Yeah guys, because I'm not that hungry, we're gonna order this coffee plus dessert, so it's coffee jelly, so I think it's be perfect for now on, and maybe if I walk later and I get hungry for sure we're gonna come back because it's cold the restaurant is gonna cool and they have few dishes, so probably the old few dishes are exceptional There's a lot of food decoration here Hello, hello, hello, hello Yeah, very cute restaurant Very, very cute restaurant So yes guys, dessert is here and I can say it looks much better than any pictures So, this is it, hopefully the restaurant will try the first bite Coffee There's this kind of some coffee with the other friends on the back This is probably like coffee jelly bean and when you eat it, it's delicious It keeps you strong as a strong coffee taste then after, it goes sweet taste with the jelly under it as a dessert So yes guys, we just finished our coffee dessert It was strong and very delicious So, we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then you have a coffee and then we're gonna enjoy a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee and then we're gonna have a coffee r unbelievable You're a cheater. You're a cheater. Let's see maybe this one will come up with more luck. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. Sorry? Can I put this one down? 10? 10? 20? 20? 20? 20? 17? 20 and it will be 100. Thank you so much. Let's finish the game. Just left right here. How many times? Around 1? Thank you. Thank you so much. It's good. Sorry? One more? No, I won't change. No, no, no, wait, let me think. It's not my team. No, no, this one is good. This one is very popular in Naruto. Thank you so much. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. I'm going to get a chance to see you. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. Yes, this is the Grand Coyote and looks like up there they have some terrace pool or something but yeah looks amazing. Yes guys especially window sunset looking at these buildings and this tree and I was really hoping that this torches filled with the people playing football. When I go to work, when I go to work, when I will be staying but yeah it's on the restoration maybe in the next two months or something so yeah I was really wanted to play football here because football is my stress relief you know and imagine playing football in this in this environment with this amazing building especially in the night. There is pedal corridor but I'm not found a pedal at all. Again guys we have this amazing building with a greenery inside or on the top or next to it you know. So beautiful to live here or to care for floods. Hello hello hello I love your outfit. I love your outfit, your hat. It's so cool. This is the police or security. Like in the mid-drisy security right? Yeah cool very cool outfit. Yeah guys security people here really dressed well. We don't know if they're police or some special forces. Yeah but to this park people can just enjoying walk and this building is so awesome. The people can enjoy and just spend it really they make amazing job amazing job. Who will say this is age or Philippines? Any developing country should take notes and build something like this because this air Filipino government is corrupt but look what they made something to really be proud. And here guys we get some luxury shops for the watches we have two little we have Rolex. Let's see if something cool will pop up. Oh it's good. Hey kitty yeah from this angle it just looks like 3D. Oh this was nice. So now actually we entered the the bit resty more looks looks fancy and looks expensive. Let's see what there is inside. I'm not sure if there are many shops at let's check let's check it out. Hello Hello Oh this is the spinning class. People spinning inside. Hello Good looking gym though. This view wow this view in seven. So yeah guys we just I just went out of the mall and on the high street to continue going down because I'm not the shopping guy so the malls for me are not that interesting. Just want to check how it looks what they have and going out. Yeah we have nice and interesting street bar. Hello boss, how are you? Hello and then we have nice street down with some Bravo Cup here. The Jolly B, the Jolly B, in the corner looking amazing this building. Damn, BGC and I know this part is where are the bars so maybe we're gonna grab some drinks and here in the BGC we have one black G-wagon. The black G-wagon that means drug dealers. No no I'm joking sorry sorry sorry don't come after me. So yeah. This is the street for the pubs. But yeah let's see what's going up there on the maps. This looks like like a big forest or a big park so maybe I can put the drone there and see how the scenery look. It's supposed to be a few legs so maybe we can catch this but these buildings. Oh god damn. I wish everybody who looking that you can visit the BGC. It's really like worth visiting. This is like really every Filipino should see what the great architecture in the city looks like really. Not just to look in the roads you should see here and see it on the person. Sure as guys I will try to fly the drone and catch this nice sunset between this beautiful building. Yeah I hope I hope the shots will come out pretty epic. He's checking it on the back. Here we have some three special ones. Hello are there any address? No? It's okay. It was taken a little good. What about you? You're all good? Sure. Yeah. She's good? Yeah. Sure? It's a boy. He's a little bit... That's what he don't like to be on the camera right? He don't like to be on the camera okay sorry sorry I will delete you. Can you? Thank you bye. Yes guys we're approaching the street where everybody's going out for the drink. Hello. Hello. Hello. Please wait. Please wait. Okay. One two three four three four three Oh yeah. So yeah as guys actually I feel a bit hungry from this box so we're gonna sit on this cozy chairs and we're gonna see what they cook as a menu for the eat. Let me check. Yeah. I think this restaurant is cool enough. Feel since I make apples and make light. Every dry. Can I get a pillow? Thank you. And for the meal. Sorry? One. One. So they give me chopsticks for the salad but I don't know how to use the chopsticks. Oh my god this is very interesting. The idea and let's try to grab something. Guys the portion is here. It's just a half portion but the portion is huge. Not sure if we can eat the full portion. I'm not sure to eat with my hands or with the lettuce. What? Bam! Actually I don't like to eat the bone, to keep it in the bone, but in this occasion it's delicious that are all spider- anchors. And it's a bit spicy and also don't like spicy food. But these pieces are so delicious that I will eat them all. At least it can be a bit too diluted on the spiciness. The guys are literally delighted this meal. It's all gone. This is the beer left with the finish. And it's gonna be as the wait is. We have the order, the next guy to drop us the home. Yeah, I'm looking forward to seeing him. No? Okay boss, let's go home. Let's go home. BTC? Bye bye. You're a blood-grosser? What time are you from? Serbia. Oh, Serbia. Jokic, jokic, jokic, jokic. You know Jokic? No, I'm from the city. What's the matter? What's the car that's driving in the BTC? What's the car that's driving in Manila? What's the most out there? Open the door. Open the door. Open the door? Yeah. What's the name? Olli. Olli, we go Obi, Olli. Olli will drop us home. Oh. Oh, oh, oh. Puktuk. Puktuk. I'm a very warm vlogger. A vlogger and vlogger. I will keep you playing my YouTube channel. Thank you. You're welcome. You can see the sun coming right now in the night. Perfectly. Stand forward. Stand forward. Stand forward. You're professional. You can hit. How much was it? 57. So, I'm 100 for you. Okay. Thank you. No need change. What's for you? I'll do you. Thank you so much. Welcome bro. Welcome. Ah. But I need to give you a comment, but. But I need to give you a comment. I'll probably. Thank you so much. Have a good night, huh? So my dear people, same as the last vlogs, we're finishing the elevator. We finished the day, we finished the vlog. Thank you for watching. Please subscribe, share with your friends. Like the video and see you tomorrow.