 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Fess and this is the commodity and today we're reacting to how 1,000 Filipino troops fought alongside allied forces versus 40,000 Chinese soldiers. This should be really entertaining. I enjoy As bad as it was I enjoy World War II the history behind it. Yeah, yeah, right. I don't necessarily enjoy the conflict It's just it was such a big part of American history and really world history and You know both my grandparents my great-grandfather and my grandfather both fought each button one of the world wars, so it's kind of like It makes me feel like I get a little bit closer to my family. I guess more than anything. Okay Yeah, this video was reacted by Recommended by quite a few people forced to react to Swam excited to hop into it before we do if you could go ahead and click the like button It helps get this video out to more people and definitely helps out the channel Also if you would go ahead and click the subscribe button if you guys want to see more content like this Also click the bell notification that way you know when we do post Also if you guys would like to help support the channel even more you can click the join button below and become a part of the commodity Team so if you're ready, let's go ahead and hop in and check it out Do it in honor of those who sacrificed their lives for freedom Masid proudly presents the battle of Yulhton a story of how Filipino troops Brave a sea of Chinese soldiers during the Korean War the Korean War began on June 25 Thank you for it when North Korea is back by China and As they can use the border to the border into South Korea in an attempt to capture its capital soul in response The United Nations Security Council through the formation of the United Nations Command ordered the deployment of military forces to stop the invasion on August 7, 1950 President Elpio Carino with approval from Congress sent 7,420 Filipino combat troops to fight in South Korea President Carino saw this as a commitment to help a friend and a part of a larger battle to save the world from communism the The Philippines definitely loves helping out. Yeah, I mean they they from what we've learned Well, Southeast Asia in general. Yeah, and With these kind because these countries especially the Philippines is is a small country. Yeah But they don't care. They're like we're still coming to help. Yeah, that's awesome 10th battalion combat team the Philippine expeditionary forces to Korea was the first battalion to arrive on Busan shores on September 1950 the 10th battalion made up of 103 and listed men and 64 officers was originally a motorized I like the soldiers. They look so cute Kids done by Into a heavy weaponry unit instead on the night of April 22 the 10th battalion as part of the US 65th color like South Park of the US. Yeah kind of Division was attacked north to be on John by a large force of Chinese and North Korean soldiers This would be known in history as the great spring offensive one of the largest offensives by the 44th division of the Chinese People's volunteer arm and the communist North Korean army during the Korean War in front of the Filipinos were four Chinese divisions Numbering about 40,000 men Just after midnight the Chinese began their attack with a heavy artillery barrage Soon after the Chinese forces advanced but had difficulty as the 10th battalion successfully defended their positions with mortar and artillery However, a massive Chinese Arms push the Turkish brigade from their position allowing the Chinese to surround the Filipinos eastern side Seeing the incoming danger Lieutenant Colonel Junisha O'Heda immediately or I can see the resemblance Right now I'm kidding organized a unit of battalion cooks and I do like that they had Kalyan the East flank with the help of M24 light tanks and artillery support Lieutenant Colonel O'Heda's makeshift unit was able to hold off the advancing Chinese forces That's crazy situation only got worse when the Puerto Rican 65th infantry regimen Situated on the West flank began to fall back from Chinese attack with the West flank now exposed The Chinese began advancing but were blocked by a platoon of Filipino soldiers situated on a hill overlooking Yulton Commanded by Lieutenant Jose Arceaga this platoon refused to yield held their ground This gave Lieutenant Arceaga's company commander Captain Conradu Yap enough time to mount a counterattack The counterattack successfully extracted the trapped platoon from the hill and also stopped the Chinese from further advancing But sadly Lieutenant Arceaga and Captain Yap were killed during the fight In the early morning of April 23 to Lieutenant Colonel O'Heda led the second counterattack using M24 tanks This caught the Chinese off guard and pushed them away from the hill they were trying to seize The Filipinos fought like a little baby before it was ordered to withdraw and link up with the rest of the division in the south 15 Filipino soldiers died 26 were wounded and 14 were missing in action while the Chinese and North Koreans lost around 500 soldiers The 10th battalions effort that Yulton allowed the US Third Infantry Division to successfully withdraw from the battlefield Which would later on prove to turn the war in favor of the Allies Two weeks later the communists began ceasefire negotiations after suffering more heavy losses For the next two years the Korean War was mostly battled from hilltops until a ceasefire was finally declared Out of the 7,420 Filipino soldiers sent 113 were killed 313 wounded 15 missing and 41 held as prisoners of war today Amoniumant stands inside the war memorial of Korea in honor of the many Filipino soldiers who fought for deliberation Recently during the 69th anniversary of the Korean War the late captain Conradoyap was awarded the Thai Guqmedal the highest military decoration given to a soldier for bravery in combat That's awesome also awarded the Thai Guqmedal was fellow 10th battalion team member Major Maximum Young for his heroism at the Battle of Niu Dong The efforts of the 10th battalion in the Battle of Yulton was instrumental in turning the tide of the war in favor of the Allied forces South Korea remains a free democracy Thanks to the contribution of soldiers like the fighting Filipinos a name given by the US command to the brave men of the 10th battalion combat team Did you like our story? Are there other? That's awesome. Yeah, that's really cool. It's insane how they put it into perspective though where There was two Filipino soldiers for like every 20 Chinese soldiers. That's insane. Yeah, I would be freaking out. It's like the uh Was that movie 300? Mm-hmm where they Really they were outclassed by Just thinking yeah, so I'm assuming that's kind of how this worked out. It wasn't just Brute strength. It was just intelligent warfare. Right is how this worked out So yeah, no, I'm glad you guys recommended this to us it It's obviously a big part of Filipino history South Korean history If you guys have any other videos like this force to check out please throw them down in the comment section or in our discord Which is linked in the description below and again guys don't forget to give this video a like if you enjoyed it Click that subscribe button in the bell notification if you want to see our future videos And again if you want to help support the channel you can click the join button below this video 100% and with that being said my name is miles and my name is fast. Thanks for watching guys peace out