 Hey guys welcome back to juicy reacts we hope you're enjoying the recent videos on the channel Thank you so much if you've subscribed we are coming up for 20,000 subscribers on this channel Which is insane so thank you if you if you have subscribed already if you haven't please consider it if you Enjoying the videos today with so if you don't know Lucien I've lived in the Philippines for coming up for a year now Roughly and we like to think we picked up some things from the culture in the Philippines We like think we know a few things that Filipinos do and say so when you guys sent us this video Signs you are Filipinos part one and part two so we're gonna see if we Recognize these if we find them funny if we it looks like this is made by foreigners. Yeah, so maybe they've picked up on some things too So I'm excited for this actually let's see if we think these are accurate five Americans do Filipino things. Okay Right, so these are American people. Okay. All right. Let's hold on and they're doing things I guess people have said that Filipinos. Yeah, hey hey Hey, so you might have noticed we really love the Philippines There are things in the Philippines that are nowhere else in the world here are some of our favorite signs that you are Filipina Oh Hey Joe show Yes, yes, this is me Hey right here guys. Oh you need Expert staying cool Oh, yeah, yeah And something like a fan Yes Yes Oh, I don't know about this one That's got British's right That's like a crossover Yeah They're going for it Oh And I don't know these guys are no Then obviously spent time in the Philippines Oh Yeah, to get people's attention is it That's so true. We hear that a lot. Yeah Picture two times. Yeah, we're going to take two photos Then wacky One more So Let's go straight to part two Part two It's got nearly a million views I said say Whoa So number two got more Same kind of length. Let's see what else they've got on this one ready three two one Same music keeping it going it's slightly different. Yeah I Form a tie. Yes, are you ready? I feel that always gonna come out like Okay, like a traditional yeah, the coming of man guy I don't know why he's here What is it Yeah Not even speeding Conversation with the lips That's a good thing Oh Just a jable oh yeah, how funny That's he went there to film this Oh I wanted this guy Stop You You need your feet flat. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I find that no knocking I I've kind of subconsciously noticed that actually really I Disappeared one Have run Recognitions it's so funny we're gonna check out this these people's channel because we've actually never come across it before. Looks like they definitely speak fluid. Cool, thank you so much guys, hope you enjoyed the video, please give it a thumbs up, subscribe if you knew and we'll see you in the next one.