 Future Friday. Differently. We had never checked out Harry Haran. That's right. And then we did. In a compilation not long ago actually. A few days ago very briefly and everyone was like oh my gosh you should check out this performance system with AR Rahman and Rakshita Suresh at the Dubai Expo in 2020. Let's have a look. Look at that friggin stage. Oh in this Christmas because look at the Christmas trees. Yes. Perfectly planned guys. Well done. I love this vibe of the Indian music scene. After Papon my ears. Huh. It's. What a cool start. You know what is awesome. The way that he opened I thought he was talking in Spanish because he sounds like we did as in like I'm going to escape. I'm escaping. We're. We're from to escape. Yeah. The purpose of Spanish. Yeah it sounds like it's Spanish. God he's good. What the hell. He's awesome. It was the AR Rahman concert. So cool man. I wonder what that is. What instrument is that? Because I don't see a double bass. It could be a bass under a synth. How can they be so controlled and calm at the same time? See the Philippines. Oh yeah. Oh I love his song. Is this from the movie Roger? It's absolutely stunning bro. Wow. It's just the building of that sonic space. Indian music does environmental sounds. That was fair it sounds the best. Especially low. Yeah I don't know what that is. He's amazing. He's incredible. It sounds like that life man. So effortless. I just guess. I just love the words. I just love the words. I just love the words. Where does she come from? Oh she's there. Where does she go from? Wow she's bloody good as well. Never heard of her. I just love how incredibly open as a singer he is. Oh and she's just so sweet. Do she so subtle? Oh my god. Do she so subtle? It's so tender, so delicate. But it's so incredibly feminine. I love the contrast because it was his name. No but the male singer. Incredible warm vocals. They're very collected but they also are there's the excel at making you believe that it's very effortless. That it is absolutely this requires zero effort from him. And I adore the warmth and the space now the timing the slow feel things. Her essence though is just like sprinkles of twinklings of magic throughout the track. It's such a beautiful addition. How does this sound like that? How does this sound like that? Now it's young. My gosh. Wow what a space. So people were really like a surprise that we hadn't heard of had he hadn't before. I do apologize if I mispronouncing his name but he is predominantly sings in Tamil and he's also a gazelle singer. That's a very good tale of like that slow romantic effortless type of singing. You know he's pushing 70. No way what? Yeah I would guess like maybe like late 50s early 60s. No way. But he's like pushing 70. How does he sound like that? I don't know. And yeah he's sang in over you know 10 languages including Malayalam, Canada, Marathi, Sinhala which is the first time we see this one. But Baudch Puri, Odia first time as well. Bengali, Sanskrit, Gujarati and English. And he also knows how to play the harmonium apparently. Very cool. Very interesting but people were like immensely surprised that we actually hadn't reviewed him before. This is definitely one of those gems like you're discovering you're like falling love immediately with. I think as well like because he does film scores like he's really well regarded. People in the comments were saying like a point of reference not a point of comparison but a point of reference would be like Shankar Mahal Devan. Like sort of similar in that sense. Okay. We got to know Shankar through his movies first rather than from his own work. That's true. Like from his own composition. Music. Yeah. Songs. Not through, we got him to know him through his musical compositions. Film track. Yeah. So very interesting. I'd love to see more of him on the, if you have any thoughts or anything else you'd like us to review let us know in the comments.