 I'm excited to be doing three different islands today. You can tell clearly that is. Good morning guys, welcome back. We're in Tukuron Philippines. We're up early again. We're getting back on the boat and today we are island hopping. Again, not the most typical of tours here in Kauron, but it's probably the second most popular after the Kauron island tour that we've done yesterday. So we're very excited to see a few incredible islands we've seen the photos. They look out this world. We're just waiting for our drivers to pick us up and take us down to the port now. Very early, very tired. We're excited to see some more islands. And we're down at Kauron Bay. Top picked up by a truck this morning, which is nice. I don't know how many are on the tour. As obviously it's not as busy. As normal with the travel bands at the moment. I'm excited to be doing three different islands today and chill out, relax on the beach. And we have made it to our boat. I love how the boat. No thank you. I love how the boat is yellow. So we're going with ocean power tours today. And I think it's about an hour in the opposite direction to the ultimate tour. Did you know that is the original Kauron? It wasn't something that I knew, but I found that out yesterday. This is fun. We're not on the yellow boat. Actually, thank you very much on the boat behind. We are on the blue boat. It says ocean power. It's a much nicer boat actually. So won't be getting wet. We're going to visit the island. We're going to try a better day tomorrow. We're going to try a better day tomorrow. We're going to try a better day tomorrow. We're going to try a better day tomorrow. It's going to be crowded. And after about an hour and a half boat drive in what has to be the calmest water we've ever seen in the Philippines. It's been so calm since Boracay, the water. The sea has been so calm. Apparently it's because there's been storms in the south and they're blowing around in a certain direction. And it's making a lot of the bays really, really calm. Our first island is Bollalakal Island. It's a huge island, but we've stopped at Cocoa Beach here. Most places stop here for lunch. That'll tour guide. He knows the tricks. So we come here first. Have a lunch somewhere else. And when they come from the first island, we go to the second and have it to ourself. There's only two boats here. Pretty much boats by itself. This is just how it's going to be. We're going to try to get it to the end. We're going to try to get it to the end. We're going to try to get it to the end. We're going to try to get it to the end. We're going to try to get it to the end. We're going to try to get it to the end. We're going to try to get it to the end. This is just paradise. It's an unbelievable half the island is like private property. So you literally get this little half, but it's still massive, isn't it? All of our ferrinics are poor. And we have hammocks. Oh my god, this is just going to be hilarious. You're getting it? You're okay. No way. No, I'm in. I'm composed. I feel better. That really hurt. That sounds so hard. But this is what you do at the island top of the floor. Am I right? Yeah, I can't show up. I'll probably be walking up the beach. I'll leave you here. That's fine by me. One thing you have to do when you come to an amazing Filipino island is get a Bucco, a fresh cold Bucco. If you don't know what that is, that is a cold young coconut. What is this? Akashu. Yes, it is. It's in cashew nuts. Yes, it's the cashew nuts and then the puts. Always the best. The biggest lunch ever. You've got rice, you've got a part, noodles, fish, chicken and other way. There's some weird seaweed stuff. Let me in. I've never seen so much food. Yes, you've got fruit. Fun fact, I didn't know cashews came from a fruit. Is that really stupid? Probably. I don't know. There is so much I cannot wait to eat. Lunch was lovely. We had so much variety. I don't think I've ever had that much variety on an island top-in tour. Ocean pole, absolutely smashed it. It had it early as well. So we beat the crowds and then we can head off to the next island before anyone else. But I've got one of these. Take where I'm eating. It's a cashew fruit. Apparently, Koron grows some of the best cashew nuts in the world or in the Philippines. But you can eat the fruit that comes to it. I never knew that it grew with a fruit. Oh, that's strange. It's really bitter. It's like it tastes like a plum maybe. A quite like it. It's like that rough edge of a plum. And the next stop is Malca Puya Island. So you have a mini mini mini mini sand bar here. And this beautiful blue water. You can do a five minute walk to the other side of the island and have an amazing beer. Which I think there's a result on. But I just cannot believe every island does this to me. It just looks amazing. And our tour guide is amazing. He just knows how to miss the crowds with the only boat on here. How can you do that? Oh, and we've got this tiny sand bar. All to ourselves. Incredible. We're going to walk across now to the main beach. I believe has a hotel. I'm coming past it on the way. The beach looks so impressive. Oh, my God. I have no words. This is like, or a kind of times, 100. Am I right? There's nobody on here. There's literally no one on here. This is magical. That's sand. Could it be my new favourite island? It could be. It's only a two minute walk over the hill as well. It's just incredible. This beach is incredible. Oh, my God. White sand. The sand here reminds me of Boracay. The water reminds me of Boracay. There's no people. Well, there's a few tours. There's a few tours there, not how. But it is. Incredible. Could be. Could be. My new favourite island. I said it to every island. I'm stronger to say it to the last spot. Because the last spot is the whole reason we've got the tour. But this is incredible. How nice is this water? Unreal. It reminds me of Willie's rock waterfall. This is Boracay. This is Boracay. The waterfall is quite blue. It's very small. It's beautiful. I don't know what I've got no words to describe any of the places we've been to today. We've got the sand bars to come. I just think it's been fun. That is what we've been to the trip. The last island is going to be the best. Yeah, the last island is always the best. This is going to take some time to open. That water was incredible. This is the Philippines, White Sand, Blue Sea, Island Top Inn. You really can't beat it. You can actually stay on this island. I think for around 1000 pesos per night, there's a few huts in that that you can stay on here. It's a really cool experience if we didn't have longer in Karan. But the third and final stop is coming. And I've heard it is the best of all. Hello, I'm Pake. Stop. Stop. Stop. And we have made it to our last stop. Ditta Tayan, Island and Sand bar. This is incredible. This is Kalangaman without the people. It wasn't for Ocean Pearl. That's all right, El. We haven't had this before. It's actually the only tour here. I know there's a few people on our tour, but we'll move them out of the way for the photos. It's a bit of a scene for it. It's like a phenomenon in a shade. Sand bar. It is perfect. It's perfect because of Ocean Pearl and El with managed to be at all islands relatively on our own. This one completely on our own because he knows the right way to do it. You go on some tours that say, yeah, you're having to yourself and you're there. And it's full of everyone, life jackets on, running in the way. I get that places of popular and things like that. But if there is a way to work around it, they know how to do it. Seriously, this is just paradise. The water is so clear and clear for such a long way. You've got the sun beaming down on the sand bar, so therefore it looks so much longer than it actually is because the sun is shining down onto the light blue water. Oh, it's just beautiful. I really want to get in there. I'm in Love. This could be our new favourite sand bar in the Philippines. We've done a few. We've done a lot. We've done a lot. And it is a beauty. It's not only a sand bar though. That's what I really like about it. It's got an island behind. We had long wee woods. If we had a long, long wee woods, there's a couple of beaches around there which look really, really nice as well. But you've got to just take this in. Like this is beautiful. That was incredible. It went behind my house from our tourist water off of the sand bar. All in our own. Never going to see this again, maybe. Well, I'm sure we'll be back at some point. But we've got to go back now. It's probably about an hour and a half to get back. It's quite a long way. Yeah. That's sun. It's so bright. And the water, we literally just lost track of time. We had like an hour and a half here that you've been good to do. We've had like hour and a half for all three stops. They've timed it perfectly. Yeah, perfectly timed. Not rushed. But we literally just chosen the water. Look how clear that is. Thank you. And we're back. That was absolutely incredible. The sunset coming through the bay on the way back. So, so good, seriously. And we've got back so late. We had so long with Ocean Pole today. Like, we left it like eight o'clock. We've got back. It's like six o'clock at night. So, I've had so much time. Eight stop. Well, I need to give that to the room. Showered. Changed. That last night in Quran. I need some beer. So we've got to drop back. Such a good tour with Ocean Pole. They dropped us back to our hotel. We've got ready. Slightly in my head still a bit wet. And then our hotel very kindly dropped us out because we have come to the two seasons then by a lounge, which is actually quite far out of town. So they dropped us here nicely at them. As it's our last night in Quran. It's our last night in Quran. So we've come to somewhere and it is amazing. The main reason. The jellyfish on the ceiling though. It's jellyfish on the ceiling. But we haven't thought it. We've gone for a satin-go-lite. The food in there was incredible. Normally you come into like big resort and you come in here. The fact that it's got like a really nice satin. But the food was just as good. Went for the burger. Had went for the Filipino style curry. Moli got spaghetti but the burger was so good. It's almost too big. Has a bit of room for beers. We're going to head back into town now. Last night. You know we're drinking beers. The beers turned into shots. I've got a little bit of a headache this morning. We forgot to end the video. Something I did now. A great way to end Quran. It's right up there. The best place I've been to in the Philippines. The best place in the world. It's incredible. But we've got to leave. Really, really sad to be leaving. Got my last breakfast at the lindas in. I'm actually so sad to leave. If I leave this hotel, it's like the best hotel I think I've ever stayed for. Family for money. I've only felt ill this morning. Probably too many beers. I've even went to the market and got a banana. I dropped you into town if the manager's here. If the owner's here, it's incredible. But long travel day ahead. About something now. We'll see you for that in the next video.