 Yo, I guess today we will discover a sports together called Sipak Takrao. It is a game. I think we can call it a game between the Philippines versus Malaysia. I have never heard of such a sport. Sipak Takrao. I really do hope that I am not butchering the name of this sport. What does it mean? Oh my gosh. So I was suggested this video because lately I have been reacting to content that isn't necessarily related to music. You know, yes, the majority of the content that I react to is related to music. That is the niche of this channel, but I've been added for so many years. At the beginning, yes, you can focus on your niche, but with time you have to diversify because otherwise you would go crazy. Anyways, it is not every day that you get the opportunity to discover a sport. So I am very excited about this. I will be reacting and watching the entire game because it is the full game that's been uploaded on YouTube, but I will probably cut some parts out, you know, because I don't want the video to be too long for you guys. Okay. I will keep the most interesting parts and my craziest reactions, I guess. I am counting on you to tell me everything that you know about this sport, you know, and its origins. But before we start, I would really appreciate it if you would consider subscribing to the channel and of course smashing that like button and make sure to follow me on Instagram at MusicAimNews because that is where you can DM your suggestions and without further ado, actually before that I have to tell you what's my favorite sport of all time and that's basketball. So if this is, you know, remotely close to that, I'm sure I'm going to love it. Alright, let's get to it. It looks like volleyball or like a tennis court like a, yeah, like a small tennis court because we got a net in the middle. And I don't think this is a, like the origins are probably not Filipino. It sounds more Malaysian I would say because Sepak Takrao does not sound like a Filipino name like Tagalog or anything like that or even Bissaya or no. But I guess it's a South East Asian sport. Damn, that guy number 23 is so freaking tall. What the? Did you see what that guy did? He did a flip. Look at, wow. Wow. Dude, this is volleyball with feet. It's so damn impressive. I love volleyball. I used to play it in high school and I really, really enjoyed it. Okay. It's not the most difficult sport out there but it's not, it's not the easiest either. So can you imagine playing volleyball with feet? That is crazy. I mean, what that guy did was just insane. He did basically a, in French, we call it la bici-clit, right? Like the bicycle. Like when you kick the ball in soccer, you know, you kick the ball like this. But when you play a soccer game, an official soccer game, you on a field, right? Like if you fall, you fall on grass so it doesn't hurt as much as if you fell on concrete on something that's solid, you know, on solid ground. I mean, it probably hurts. Don't get me wrong, even on grass, but you know, it's still softer than solid ground. And I always thought the guys who scored in that fashion like that, phew. You know, was very impressive. This guy not only did that, but landed on his feet. He hit the ball with his foot and fell back on his feet. That was like martial arts, man. What the hell? It's incredible. How long do the games last? So yeah, they serve just like in the old. It's volleyball with feet. There is a serving everything. This is crazy. So Filipinos are in orange. That's weird. You would think that they would be the ones with red, blue and white. So when they serve, obviously, the ball has to fall inside of the rectangle. Two five for the Philippines. Oh, you can use your head too. Oh, my god. This is what I don't get. Why would you do this to yourself? Jump so high, do like a crazy trick in the air and fall on your ass. Dude, it must hurt. It must really hurt. It probably ended up with bruises at the end of the game. What? But it's really reminiscent of volleyball, even in the rules. That is beautiful though. The only thing that you can't use are your hands. The hand cannot touch the ball. But your head, your shoulders, the rest of your body can. You know what? I think I have seen Filipinos play this in the streets. But it wasn't really this sport specifically because I just saw them juggle the ball with their feet. A tiny ball like that with their feet and do some crazy stuff with it. But it wasn't actually a game, like a team versus team within the middle. But this is like official. I guess that's what they were doing, like just training with for Sepaktaqra or something. But this is the actual game. It's so entertaining. And I wonder what's the advantage? Are taller guys, like do taller guys have an advantage? I don't know. I'm not sure about that. It's not basketball. It's so cool. You try with the background. It's a rubber stoker. Wow. This is insane. Bam! See that part when the two players from each team get closer to the net, they're going to block each other. It really does remind me of volleyball. One tries to smash it and the other one just jumps right in front of him. Right next to the net like this, you know to block it. It's very reminiscent of volleyball. Or volleyball. Yeah. So is this a sport that exists in the Olympics? Bam! What? Whoops! Whoops. You see that? Oh! Ok the Philippines they are winning so far. Shiiit! Yo. Check that kick. That kick was so powerful. I wonder what the ball is made of. Like does it hurt? because the volleyball hurts a little bit. Okay, so my question is which country is the most popular when it comes to this sport, like the country that got the most prizes, you know, and golden medals and stuff like that? Is it Philippines, Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam? I don't know. Do you know what the Philippines outfit reminds me of? It reminds me of the Netherlands official soccer outfit. Those are the colors, you know, like bright, orange and black. So I just weird seeing them with those colors. Yeah, the assists, it must be so hard to control that shot. Yeah, oh, nope, nope. Philippines, yeah. Yeah, boom. Woo! That was beautiful. That was beautiful. Wow, he did it all by himself. Seppak takrao. Man, I'm gonna look it up, see what like the Wikipedia definition is because it's impressive, seriously. Yeah, and I'm guessing you don't have the right to touch the net, right? If you touch the net, you like forfeit the point or something. Oh, yeah. All right, seppak takrao or seppak takrao. So it's either two words or one word. Also called kick volleyball. And there you go is a team sport played with a ball made of ratan. The hell is ratan? Or synthetic plastic between two teams of two to four players on a court resembling a batminton court. Yes, I did think of batminton as well. Okay, so you can go from two to four players. It is similar to volleyball and foot volleyball. Foot volleyball. So there is another sport called foot volleyball. So what's the difference between foot volleyball and seppak takrao? Anyway, it is similar to volleyball and foot volleyball in its use of ratan ball and players using only their feet, knees, shoulders, chest, and head to touch the ball. So basically everything except for your feet and your legs. No, except for your arms, sorry, your arms and your hands. Seppak takrao is often referred to as a mixture of volleyball due to its use of a net and association football as players use their feet. There you go. Wow, okay, okay. I wonder how popular this sport is. As you probably already know, I react to a lot of Filipino content. So I am well aware that boxing and basketball are and and billiard. So playing pool are very, very popular sports in the Philippines. So I'm wondering if seppak takrao is also a popular sports in the Philippines. Because I've never heard of it. People never told me about it for over what, seven years now, I've been doing, you know, this channel has been alive for like seven years. I've been reacting to Filipino content for over seven years and no one told me about seppak takrao. So I wonder if it's that popular there. And speaking of basketball, the world cup of basketball will be taking place in the Philippines this year. I think in August, August and September, I think. Bam. Yo, Filipinos are kicking Malaysians ass. Show me the slow move. I want to see the slow move. Wow, check out the scene. You know, it reminds me of capuera as well. Interesting. I just noticed. Oh, I just noticed. The guy that serves the ball doesn't do it all by himself. He has a teammate that sends the ball to him and then he serves it with his leg, right, with his foot. Bam, yeah. He doesn't like throw it in the air and and serve his it's nope. It's a it's a jewel thing. Yo, Philippines wins the first, what do you call that? The first set. So there are three sets. REJahn. Regen! That was a very soft shot. They did not expect it because he didn't serve it very well Oh Bale My god seriously if the Philippines wins this game like Filipinos excel at so many activities and sports Wow Who got the point Who got that point I don't know oh Yeah, the the the Philippines right That's so cool. He is so tall And he can he must be so freaking flexible a tall guy that's this flexible. It's crazy Wow, it's actually very What's the word I'm looking for elegance? Wow yo Malaysia is coming back in this set bra. Oh, yeah, I think Malaysia is gonna win this second set And then it's gonna be like a super tight set in the third one He are kicking their ass Yo, I might even leave the entire game for you guys to watch this is so freaking entertaining If I don't have any like copyright issues or whatever Yo, this is so It's basically more entertaining than Tennis people love tennis, but I find it boring man It's a nice game, but it's not that entertaining to watch this is entertaining What the hell I think it's so freaking impressive they are gymnasts Athletes real athletes Yo Malaysia is gonna kick Philippines ass like real quick with this second set It's not even a debate Oh, yep, yeah No contest I Feel like Malaysia Love the Philippines to sleep with the first set they were like, yeah, we're gonna let you think if you can that you can win But in the second set we're gonna bring out the big guns Oh Wow, they did not expect it Finish it That's it wow the second set is done already that was so fast All right third and final sit I'm guessing Yo, I'm gonna bet on the Philippines because I know what they're capable of But Malaysians are so freaking good Wow, that was a nice save. Oh Okay, good save though He's like Wow, man his serves are deadly number 23 And he's always doing this to the guy CC always like soft soft Oh nice Okay, so three two right I think so three two Yeah, yeah, yeah, cuz they had the yeah Oh Three three Tight tight tight tight. This is exciting Yo, I don't get it. I don't see that many people in the audience I Would pay to watch this man. It's so entertaining Yeah Four three for Malaysia Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh Up up up Five three Malaysia six three why six three? Did it count for like two points? Up. Oh, that's way too easy. That's way too easy. Yeah, of course Seven three. Yeah, that was like a gift for them, man Yeah, I think the the Filipino guy that serves is not as good as the the Malaysian guy Wow Malaysia dude Come on Philippines you can do this all right eight five That was such a soft serve I think they never expect a soft serve Wow, that was a lot stronger, but he was able to Eight six Come on and I'm so impressed that they never touched it frickin knit What 10 five? How was that possible? I don't know man, I guess I don't really understand the rules Okay, don't tell me that's a point for for Malaysia Yeah, so I guess that circle in the middle. It's where the guy who serves needs to set his foot in Oh Wow, okay They're fighting they're fighting the Philippines. Okay, it's not over yet I'd be happy either way whether Malaysia or Philippines wins I Have zero stakes in this anyways Wow, wow Dude it's either they hurt their bodies when they fall or their wrists Yeah I'm pretty sure that sometimes they have to To like pause the game and see exactly where the ball falls to count the The points Wow Yo this guy the number one Philip from the Philippines. He is a ninja And he's short, too, but look at him Wow Yo, but Malaysia is far ahead He barely touched it just nope and I wonder if he did that on purpose or He just missed like do they always try to go for like a strong That's or not Yeah, of course there's no way Yeah, I'm gonna leave the entire thing if I can and cuz it's worth it. It's so freaking enjoyable Pish Wow He had no space to save it and yet he did and that his teammate reacted so well So So the set ends at 21 right yo come on Philippines You gotta step your game up What happened Oh wait the ball fell oh So the point air formula is from Malaysia that's crazy good Damn But if the ball had fought fell Had fallen on The on the Filipino court, I think they would have lost that point But it fell outside wow All right two more points for Malaysia and we're done Oh Malaysia again, oh boy, all right, oh here we go It's over it's over They won the entire thing right is it over The This sports is crazy man Yeah, Malaysia was extremely good they want two sets pretty easily in my opinion Wow I You go so they said that Malaysia will face Japan or Thailand yeah, oh Thailand could be good at this game too, right? So my gosh, let me know in the comment section The origins of the game like which country invented this game where did it start? It's so impressive seriously because these guys Have to be gymnasts right they they are super athletes And they have to be Accurate with their feet not just the feet they can control the ball with their heads their shoulders and everything They have to be very fast and it seems like they need to have a tall guy who serves apparently it seems like it's an advantage Because I'm guessing the the highest the ball the better, you know with the foot when you serve That's just what I can you know observe here So yeah, let me know the comment section below your thoughts this literally blew my mind I think this is the most entertaining sports Compared to like you know like sports that requires a net, you know, so we can think of volleyball We can think of tennis and also volleyball or whatever that was you know that I read on Wikipedia or Or batminton, you know, this is the most entertaining in my opinion seriously. It's so freaking cool So yeah Thank you so much for watching if you found value in this video do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here