 Alright, the Philippines scout rangers. Let's go The Africa So it's kind of hard to hear the commentator. Essentially what he said is going to be a six-month training course that most will fail. So we'll see. Philippines scout raiders are fearsome, anti-grill fighters. We evaluate our targets. We analyze, we discuss who among them needs elimination. They are trained to conquer and their dense, insurgent, and combat cost. Philippines' archipelago. The scot raiders go behind, depending on the lines, with just a smaller teams, they target the seven men. Traveling light and hitting hard. And to be made of the strike balance, they use helicopters to hit the battle set. Specializing in raids, ambushes, and sabotage. The Philippines has long been plagued by domestic conflicts, one of which gave birth to this elite unit. The first counter-anger regiment was formed in 1950 because the government is looking for a solution to counter the guerilla tactics of our then communist armed groups called the hoax. Skilled in unconvention. And that's where a lot of special forces groups go. Actually, it's pretty much the definition of special forces is an elite group of men that come together and fight in guerilla warfare. That's essentially all special forces groups across the entire globe. The UNIT was bombed after two legendary fighting groups. The intelligence gathering American Alamo scouts and the combat-ready US Army rangers. They won 26 volunteers who are already trained soldiers from other Army regiments. Rangers, good morning. Five, six, five, six, eight. One, four, five. They will be stripped of all their ranks. Here, every man is before. All aim for one thing. The red boarders. All right. So what are you saying? And this is very similar to how other special forces, schools do it. You take all the soldiers that want to become scout rangers. You take them through a qualification course, make sure they're all qualified and up to speed. And you take these already good group of guys. And as I think it said, 206 recruits. And you put them together and then you see who's left at the end. If they're an officer, if they're a non-commissioned officer, they remove all their rank, they remove everything that is identifiable about them. This is just a show that I don't care what you did in the past. That doesn't matter. That's not going to get you to become a scout ranger. You're going to have to earn that title. Neepais the blood sweat until shed by every ranger during his course. The sword symbolizes our special unit capability. And the words we strike symbolizes our capability to go anywhere, any place on any time. Bye, I'm Dalang, go ahead, go ahead. Today is the only reception day. And we're answering for a truly welcome. To the next five hours. So he said this is reception day. Every special forces group usually considers this. The day that they're going to get rid of the most people. This, this, the first day of any selection course, they're going to hound the shit out of you. And I think he just said five hours. Kind of hard to hear him. Essentially, they're just going to smoke him and see who, who, who quits just within the first day. Structures will try and break his memories. He's been through continuous physical exercises. He's going, he's not going. We're going to live, we're going to live. It's not just the instructor. We're going to live. We're going to live. Today is a series of 32 degrees Celsius. We're going to live. We're going to live. Just 10 minutes in. The forces are going to be ready for the first visit. We're going to smoke. But he's not alone. Four more recruits have reached their limits. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. We've repeated fours clandest from female stars to... ...that they're going to take a call. They're going to take a call. They're going to get a spotty temperature down. For all of the people, they're just going to die. Missionless, focus. Action on, no. Action on, no. We don't have it all. We never know anything else. We never know anything else. The second one sees more recruits drop. Medics are called in, freeing more severe cases of heat exhaustion. You know, I give it to these guys that are probably not as prepared as they should have been for this, but they're not quitting. I mean, they're literally pushing their bodies until heat exhaustion. I mean, it says a lot about their hearts. You're a scum, you're a scum, you're a scum. It's your son, your son. It's your son, your son. Hey, results in disease. I'm going to go with the disease. And control. Ah! You guys are saying that you're the one who's the best. If the condition is already heat stroke, the regulatory mechanisms of the body has already malfunctioned. Then the patient started to bleed that good result to multiple organ failure. The next time, the system hitting the ground, the unfit run will have no place in the scout rangers. Please, son, please, son, please, son. At age 32, recruit one is one of the oldest in the course. This is my ambition. It is very difficult and it's very hard to be trained as a ranger. But I don't know what's the training I'm going to do for my police. And of course. That's what a lot of people don't understand. And I've said this in previous videos, is a lot of people just take the qualifications that it takes to be a ranger or a scout ranger or a special forces or whatever the case is, Navy Seal. And they take the qualifications, the minimum qualifications that it takes to become that. And then they go make a YouTube video showing that, hey, look, I can, I can become a Navy Seal because I just passed these qualifications. What they don't understand is that these guys are not just doing, they're doing those same individual tasks, but they're doing it the best they can on every single event. It adds up over time, especially in this heat and it's exhausting. And you can tell I mean some of those guys that just dropped out most of those guys look like they were half dead. All right, good night. Good night. Good night. Good night. Oh, you got it. You got that guy. I know. No! Oh, that looks horrible. Two hours to go. For those stealing the game, the pain is nearly over. I've seen that, that right there what they're doing. I don't remember what it was called. I think someone said it was called rest easy or something, but if you watch my Malaysian GGK video, you'll see they're doing essentially that. And it looks like torture. No! No! Reception is nearly ended. But this last tradition is a hard one to stop. Shoei. Hey, Muean. No, no. No, no. Right now, this is the final face of our reception rights. Shoei, we're trying to let them eat the jelly pepper. And the juice of it. So after this, they're leaking the back sign or insignia. And then the mousse or the black panther is our logo for the scot Rangers. Finally, reception day is over. But disappointment sets it as these recruits realize their scout Ranger dream is over. I don't know if I'm going to give up my life. I'm going to give up my life so that I can't live without my life. At the end of day one, the day which is... So both of them, you got to think about the guys that quit, right? That's heartbreaking. But imagine the guys that actually just made it through day one. What do you think they're thinking to themselves? Yes, I made reception. I passed the first day. That was day one. It's clear. 35th of quit. 171 remained standing. And this is just the beginning. Philippine scout Ranger recruits are seven weeks into their brutal training regime. 53 have already dropped out. Those who failed to graduate has... So what do you say week, week seven, 53 dropped out. So they started with 206. So I don't know how much they lost on the first day. I can imagine they lost probably half of that easily. And so really since week, since the weeks went on, it doesn't look like they lost a whole lot. Maybe 25 guys or whatnot. One thing in common. They easily give up. The batter has been one yet. They already doubt themselves. Once you doubt yourself, the affinity will let me finish the course. But exit, I start decline. Is it going on, or prepping? Nakwa. The recruits will test their heads for heights today. They're going to learn to repel on this 45 foot tower. It's crazy how much things they've adopted from the US. And granted, I'm sure the US has adopted things from the Philippines as well. Even how he enters that door brings back memories for me. Rangers, especially in jungle warpure, who they are bailed on mountains, gross rivers, using expedite methods or anything that's available within them. Recruits will have to complete four crucial forms of repelling. The seat hip repel, the lizard repel, the rundown repel, and the heli repel. And then how much some break? Is that part? Okay. Oh, the recruits one and one fifty five are up first. They need the seat hip repel. Used for mountain evacuations. Recruit one fifty five is one of the youngest in the course. The last one can be the one I can do. The first one can be the one I can do. The first one can be the one I can do. From that tower to that tower. Maybe it's a good one. Go. We're ready to go. Set the propeller. Start! Ready for the move. The first exercise is cleared. They performed well, even recruit one fifty five. I'm about to say for that being something he's scared of and scared of heights. He was still smirk at the top and he still did a phenomenal job repelling down that tower for sure. That's kind of really what it's all about. Yes, Rangers are going to need to repel down mountains. But it's also putting fears and putting things in front of them that they're scared of doing and showing them that they can still overcome that. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's the best thing I've ever done. For the next few hours, each of them gets a turn number four of three times over pounds. We didn't have to worry about the rest of the day. Once, we didn't have to worry about the rest of the day. We'll see you next time. It's a very fast ride on the road. It's a bit more difficult to ride on the road. It's a bit difficult to ride on the road. It's a bit more difficult to ride on the road. Next, we must conquer the slide for life. A 200 meter flying fox. If we're going to get a ride, we'll have to go to the island. It's a seven second expressway to safety or injury. If you're going to ride on the road, you'll have to ride on the road. If you're not able to ride on the road, you'll have to ride on the road. The road is very difficult. Not carrying a bike here won't show. We're going to ride on the road, because we're going to ride on the road. If you're not able to ride on the road, you'll have to ride on the road. Next up is amphibious training. Summer cruts are weak swimmers. This phase will aim to weed out those that can't make the grade. Recruits will be thrown into this 12 foot deep river, blind folded and in full combat gear, weighing 30 kilograms. The aim is to first disorient them, then see if they can calmly recover and reach the surface. You imagine if you're not a strong swimmer, they had 35 kilograms to you, they'd blindfold you, and then they'd throw you in a 12 foot river with a rope attached to you. I can imagine if you can't swim, they're not a good swimmer, that'd be terrifying. I've been fighting here for ch貌, but I'll still do as my motor owner says. At first I wanted to go to shopping near Dubay army, but it still hasn't started yet. I'm just doing my own t deemed tраitots. What do you want to take down? cobweb a little bit darker Initas M чтобы nmann I'm not going to say that I'm making too much for you. I'm not going to say that I'm making too much for you. I'm not going to say that I'm making too much for you. I'm not going to say that I'm making too much for you. I'm not going to say that I'm making too much for you. I'm not going to say that I'm making too much for you. I mean, I'm a pretty strong swimmer as well. But can I tread water for 30 minutes? I don't know. I'm going to rip. I've got 16 cortisol, let's go! One, two, three, go! One, two, three. Nine! Oh shit. I was not anticipating people to quit, especially after treading water for 30 minutes. They obviously know how to make people quit. We have this drowning part for training for our recruits, for them to get the care and engage their enemies in the water. Someone is drowning them, they don't get panic and they know what to do. 5 calls to Saketana Kaya 1, go, 3, 4, 5, time! 3 calls to Saketana Kaya 1, go, 3, 4, 5, time! They are all dead, they are all dead, they are all dead, they are all dead. The recruits survive on video's training. But what lies ahead will pass their nerves and lose their minds to become a scout ranger. The scout ranger is a lead strike unit, on constant standby to deploy against insurgent groups across the Philippines archipelago. Marksmanship is a key skill for a ranger. Today, these recruits need to prove they have it. 4, 1, ready! Fundamental understanding of positioning, aiming, breathing and correct trigger pressing will be put to the test in 5 separate skills. 0, 1 inch below the line inside. Endurance fire, record firing and the sneaker course. But it is the final exam that is the most nerve-wracking of all, a confidence test that can kill. Recruits are required to shoot two bags full of colored water at a distance of 25 meters using this M16A1 rifle with a 5.56 caliber round. First, they practice. Then, their teammates hold the bags. Hitting the thigh can rupture the femoral artery. One of the body's most important blood vessels. A rabid blood loss leading to death can occur in just 5 minutes. And the margin for error is slim. So, even if you have a different part of your mental, you need to have a lot of time in the trigger. If you have a lot of time, you can target your teammates. You can also use your own bullets. This is more than just marksmanship. It's a test of trust. When you are in a fight, you will be able to get a lot of attention. He's like, if it's your friend, you're going to feel nervous. He's like, but luckily, I didn't have a friend, so I didn't give a shit. No, but I mean, these guys are shooting these bags. I don't remember how far it says he was. They're shooting with our insights. When I first watched this, I thought it was kind of like a scam almost. I thought it was lower. I thought it was down by their shins. But it's definitely above the kneecap. So, I mean, if you hit that dude in the leg, he could die, especially if you don't get a turn of count on his leg fast enough. So, this is pretty legit. It's judgment time. One target down. Lucky for his friend, recruit 22 past and they both move one step closer to being a ranger. Next, the recruits begin the Hallibur training phase. Scout Rangers look for quickly at the conflict there despite air. Landing it on. All right, so that's all we're going to have time for for part one. If you want to see part two, just like, comment, subscribe. Let me know if you want to see part two. And if it's up to your interest, then, and until the next one.