 Hey loves, welcome back to my channel and just in case you are seeing my beautiful face for the first time, my name is Happiness, Edna Coneybombs and on this channel, I think about my fate in God, life's the food and literally I've just been uploading so many videos about a big thing. So if you feel like this content of things that you really want to keep you going, then please do not forget to hit the subscribe button, this is just below. Subscribe, like this video, share and do not forget to leave a comment. Alright, so yeah, today's video is a very important one, just like you can see from the title, right? I'm talking about the misconceptions that most Filipinos have when it comes to foreigners who are studying here in the Philippines. I'm saying most because technically it's not all of them, some have, but I think it's let's say 70% of the Filipinos that have this thing in. Now tell me, do you know the first one? The first one is so common and that is all foreigners studying in the Philippines are rich. Wow! Wow, you can say that again! So looking at this dot from a brighter side, I think it's a good thinking, yeah? Of course, because we want to manifest good things in our lives. So looking at it from the brighter angle, I think it's a very good thinking, but that's not true. Not all foreigners studying here in the Philippines are rich. Again, not all foreigners studying in the Philippines are rich. Some of us just have the privilege to get a sponsor, maybe a family member or someone who decided to sponsor us or see us throughout education and you're like, okay, when you guys, I want to study here in the Philippines, right? But for some of us, our parents are rich, right? They can, you know, take care of our social fees and all of that. And for some of us, our parents are not well to do per se, but they just want the best for us and that is why I appear here. So it's not all foreigners here that are rich. Please, you have that misconception. Please wipe it out. It's cleaning, cleaning, cleaning. Some foreigners here are rich. They're like, they're pretty, some are not, some are just there, some are, I've been sponsored by someone, okay, just so that you don't categorize every foreigner you see as, ah, you are that, he has money, well, if you see me, that will be no problem, that's right. All right. The second misconception that a lot of, you know, Filipinos have when it comes to foreigner studying here in the Philippines is this. Did they are like, oh, you guys are studying here because it's more affordable. I don't know how to explain this, but trusting the tuition fee, like the tuition fee if you're studying here as a Filipino is cheap. No, no, I don't use what cheap is. Is affordable, okay. But as a Nigerian, okay, right now with the current exchange rates we have, which is around like 14 points, something, it's expensive. So imagine being a student in your pane around like, let's say, 40,000 plus pesos in a semester, that's around 400, almost 500,000 there. So it's not cheap. It's not, or let's just talk about those who are taking off medical courses that pay up to like 100,000 plus for a semester. That's already a million plus in there. So we've been here, doesn't mean that it's affordable. Trust me. It's not affordable. Maybe it was affordable when we came in around 2015, 2014, where when the government back home were really, you know, doing trying their best to make things work. But right now, trust me, it is expensive. It's not affordable. All right. So most of us are here, maybe because of the decisions from our family members, our parents, our sponsors and the rest, okay. And of course, for some people, it might really be affordable because to think of it, with people at places affordable when it comes to studying, compared to other countries, like other European countries, Philippines is affordable. Okay, but don't just use that as a big, big, big, big, now, oh, you're here. Because it's affordable. It might be affordable for other foreigners though, but like, we are speaking, converting this, converting it to this present rate. It's not cheap. It's really, really not cheap. Okay. Now, the next misconception that a lot of Filipinos have is this. And I'm going to be talking about these from the aspect of being a Nigerian, right? So Filipinos are like, oh, you're studying here in the Philippines because Nigeria do not have good schools. Now let me correct you. Nigeria has great colleges, like great universities, great schools. They have schools that are really good in Nigeria. So we've been here. It's not because Nigeria doesn't have great schools. Nigeria has great schools. Trust me, we really do have great schools. So for us being here, some of us is maybe because, like I said earlier, our friends just want us to be out, right? Some of us is just the opportunity that has been presented in front of us. And that is what we are here. So we being here doesn't mean that the school in Nigeria are bad. I know that Nigeria and its government has points going like they have a lot going on, but just correct, Nigeria still has great schools. Despite what it is that is going on there. Nigeria has awesome schools, like good education. We have a good education, okay? So I'm here, it doesn't mean that the education back home is bad. No, it gets. And so now don't get me wrong, okay? The education system, again, Philippines is good. Like it's so strong, it's amazing. It's good in terms of like no strike on like in Nigeria where we have so many strikes, okay? But I want to go into that. I can't flash my country. I'm in Nigeria and I'm not going to say bad about my country. Trust me, okay? Yeah, so yeah, back to what I was saying, Philippines is good when it comes to studying, right? It is good, but it has its pros and cons. Okay, so these are just some of the misconceptions that I've been going on that I've been hearing a lot and I'm just so tired of explaining to people. I'm tired. So I think what I'm going to do now is when I upload this video, so I'm just going to make one of these misconceptions. I'll just send a link up to three years later again watching, okay? So again, if you have this misconceptions about foreigner studying here, I'll just advise that you just scrap it out. It's really, really not what you think, okay? It's not what you think, all right? And if you are a foreigner and you know some of these misconceptions, okay, that I've been to you, please leave it in the comment section. I'll be watching us for a read, thank you all so much for watching today's video. I appreciate you. God bless you. Thank you. And don't forget to please like this video, subscribe and leave comments. Love you.