 International celebrities with Filipino blood. What is the probability that we know it? We will have to see this interesting video. We Know that sometimes we are surprised that this person has Filipino blood. I thought they were like Mexican or something But they're Filipino. So now we gotta see it. There's gonna be a whole list a three-minute long list of a ton of them So we'll have to figure I'm sure there'll be someone be like cool. I don't know why I just picked up a tattoo I'm right now it's getting aided. I remember there was one there but it tasted salty But hopefully you enjoy yeah, it's like the ocean if you do subscribe like the video more Filipino stuff on the channel and More Filipino videos come in soon on our vlog channel. We just Book tickets to the Philippines actually who month those two months our just 17 that we're gonna be driving in the Philippines So be ready for vlogs for videos for tonight taste test. It's gonna be on there link down in the description below and then we're gonna be posting some Dubai stuff As the time goes up until then so there's gonna be some Filipino themes things still on there. Yeah, so let's do this All right, let's see how many of these celebrities we know how many we knew were Filipino. Here we go Oh Rome don't know what you're wrong. No joke. We knew that we're in the oh my gosh. This is loud Having done these people. It's only a lot My sound just got out from Okay, don't know any of these people yet This is a terrible choice. I don't know these people Rob Schneider he was in grown-ups 25% dang there's a lot of Filipino Wow, she does not you would not assume this was a hundred percent Yeah, shoot I'm paying attention to the percentages like if they're full robes only a fourth he's only It's only like a quarter Craven enemy Oh, it's this guy from Nika Higa. Yeah, he's 50 percent. He's in a dance group called quest crew Really I definitely recognize his face, but and I knew he was like a YouTube Hope that Tim or else I got like so civil I definitely recognized him as a youtuber and I bet has to be what it is Did he believe and join a dance crew Did he I think I remember his name being Don or something? Detroit Detroit's I think that's him Don't L.J. Birds of prey Happy slip So you appeared in just a beard baby Well, I probably saw her true Stephen are we queen Vampire diaries and she's standing I got a Filipino no It doesn't look like a quarter. He just looks like also random white dude. He looks like he right out of this You thought is this guy looks like some random white dude 13% okay Thank Lee. She's like there's a Metallica Shay Mitchell I've seen her before Her I've heard of her, but I think I knew her already family. I know anything about her. So we teed Just 25% 3 And reek and glaciers 13% I thought he was straight out of like I can be your hero, baby I was from Latin America The Jabba walkies amazing new bourbon rock Oh, Spider-Man guy Ned 25% I don't even know her I just heard her name. I don't know what he is no idea. She is That's Hodge of cheese from high school musical famous for her elite mood Maybe a Rodrigo we knew that before she knew that De Patista Drax but a stroller Apple the app wow I really didn't know that Apple the app was Filipino because I don't know who that is So we we knew probably like 20% of the people maybe it was maybe like 10% actually But there was a lot that were like oh De Patista might be the largest Filipino to have our existence is math I too interesting video. I don't really know what else to say about it We didn't know some of these people were Filipino. We didn't know others were and there's a lot of the people where it would like say a show I would have heard of the show, but I don't know the person maybe very sorry ready. Let's do our own real life version How much percent Filipino is this person? And this person It's 0% yeah for both of us 100% from the peninsula of Europe. I'm 95% Peninsula of Europe Thanks for watching everybody. Hopefully you enjoyed. We'll see you in the next one