 Hey, what's up guys? Welcome to a new vlog. If you're new here, my name's Steve and I'm currently traveling around the Philippines And I actually just met these two guys today. So this is Brandon and Xavier. Yeah, so Xavier You're from right from here my little brother. Steve. Yeah, so right now we're in Seaboo City and Brandon from Vancouver Canada Cool, Brandon's from Vancouver. I'm from the States. I'm from New York. I've been traveling around the Philippines for nearly two months now You've had a month. Just finished you got now. Yeah, so we have both never tried Jollybee and We're here right now We're about to go inside try Jollybee for the first time show you our genuine reactions to This taste test, so let's go try it Jollybee Jolly Jolly These are just a Jolly Hat Dog Jolly Hat Dog Bacon, how you know that you got the sweet spaghetti? Yeah, yes to rice noodles extra hot with sobby fries Another hot dog another spaghetti spicy chicken. It was some gravy and more sweet spaghetti. What up? You get that all in one Instagram. I think so What's your Instagram plug it? Yo, Brandon's backpack guys. Give me a follow I post some travel snaps and some swall-times. Yeah, what a cool guys following me here. I like to think so One more plug. Hey, yeah, do follow me like just search the dentist is out one word is out. Yeah All right, is that it? We might get dessert too. We'll see how we feel might we putations might definitely But we're just gonna test out this food. I definitely I put my hair up first Don't hear problems. So who do you think is a better man bun the one in the left or the one other eye? Comment down below With the man on game All right, we doing spaghetti first. I guess so to remix this Just like a mama used to me Mess up fancy twirl you gotta do man. You gotta do it. You gotta do it. You gotta do a little bit Hot dog A little bit of jolly bee spaghetti. Oh Cheers muster runs It was like a million pesos being deposited Feels right you know Feels like comfortable it just makes me feel comfortable. I sort of stare into some clouds Yeah, he's a speed like hand fed to me Just seeing this photo behind me of this pregnant woman I feel like the baby I think it's just that person just try this yeah, yeah, so focus on this Also, here's if you're choosing everything Whoa, oh, they got a game. Oh, that's this interesting. That's good. It's interesting. It's spicy It's not like all the doubts place. He's just a second. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, first it's just a normal french fry But then it's like oh, yeah, so you got the jalapenos got the cheddar cheese the classic Le John hot dog there and some holly ketchup. It's a bacon and some bacon in there as well Okay, cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Yeah Yeah, yeah, that's got some flavor. Mm-hmm. It's not a normal hot dog. I need to try that again. Oh Wow Yo, I'm pretty jolly right now. I don't know It's a time to try something else that yeah, that's why you should try that one. That's very unique. So what is that? Juber it's palabo palabo are we call it fiesta noodles so in the Philippines they have What look like little tiny lines? It's called Kalamansi is a fruit. That's I'm not gonna make it tired It's basically like a lime. We use that also in the killer. Yeah, this is the lime of the Philippines here Mm-hmm and the tiny little things with a bunch of juice in it Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's nice. Mix everything mix it up. Yeah, all right, so for our first bite We got to get like one of everything. Yeah, so get some of that sauce up in there. Yeah, yeah Sauce the and the sauce the meat and the shrimp. Yeah, okay cheers. Cheers Ooh, that's funky. It's different. That's different. I like it also sweet. Oh because the Kalamansi. Yeah, it's like a we need up flavor I want to try to adjust the sauce You like the sauce? I think the sauce likes me Everything here has been really unique that I've never seen in any other fast food restaurant Like we have spaghetti. I mean hot dogs are kind of normal, but the way they do their hot dogs. It's an extreme hot dog This is very nice. This is some some incredible flavors definitely local to the Filipino style Oh, yes, so I've been told that Jolly bee is known as the second church of the Philippines I can see why Spicy One of rip Just pull just pull just rip That's the gravy dip Cheers We got to cheers everything Ooh spicy, okay, okay, that's spicy That's nice. Oh much more spicy than the hot dog. That's a big Oh my gosh, I like it though. I like it. Oh It's a fiesta in my mouth right now Boy, boy girl. Yeah, Nami Kyle But wait, there's more time for dessert So what we're having is actually the Sunday, hello, hello, this is like a Sunday with what's on top of a hello, hello Then we have a Sunday with salted caramel and chocolate and just some plain vanilla ice cream Later on you'll know what I'll be doing with that. Ooh, and we have this peach mango pie So it's like a pie hot pie with peach and mango in it and a chocolate mallow pie So it's like a chocolate one with Marshmallow inside. Yeah, so here we have some Hello, hello, hello, hello, which translates to mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix it's a mix of everything we got some fluorescent green things gelatin in here and nice Beans some beans and whatever that is and I'm mounting a nice purple nibble on top. All right. Let's dig in Yeah, let's do this so for that you have the mix it. Oh, okay, okay I'll teach you how to mix it back The best way to mix the hello allo is to put just put on the side and do it this way So even like for the regular hello, hello, you have to mix on the side to put like what's on the top on the bottom I probably want bottom to the top so to have a good mix Yeah, we learn something new every day now. We enjoy Gonna get scooped there It should be cold It's nice that's good those beans. Yeah, those beans are funky. Yeah, I like it though a lot of flavors in there Yeah, you know what I don't think I got the full flavor. We gotta try this again. Definitely. We're gonna nice Joey's home. You know, a jelly there. I don't know. Jelly. I'm feeling a little jolly. Jolly jelly I got something there. I don't know what I got. I think what you got a jackfruit jackfruit. Yeah, it's really good I've had hollow hollow in places you get hollow hollow everywhere in the Philippines never ice cream like this It's a Sunday hollow hollow. Okay, so with that I think you could try this a bite of this and a bite of that here Those are peach mango pies. Okay, cheers cheers And it's sometimes perfect you put like this Sunday in it and you know, I can already tell this is gonna be a miss is Oh my goodness the crispiness of the pie with the gooeyness of the mango and now the creaminess of the Sunday It's like a little lava falling out lava cake a little peach mango volcano Mmm 10 out of them would highly recommend you know up most people I come to the Philippines they go for them the crystal clear waters they go for the nice little jungle frecks you know climb some mountains no no get get the $500 plane ticket come to Jolly You don't need to do anything else with the little opinion just come to Jolly man the ice cream definitely makes it at least 67% better. So what do you have in here? We got some chaco and some malo I know chaco halo Oh my wow Mmm I can't talk right now this is really here. It's so warm crispy We should probably get at least like eight more days No, I'm glad I went into the end of my Philippines trip because this is the highlight Can't get any better than this Wow, man if I ever meet a nice Filipino lady I'm gonna treat her to a romantic Jolly be date This is high class right here. All right, so would you think you're your first Jolly be experience? Yo man amazing So good. All right guys. I hope you enjoyed Watching our first experience here. There'll be a few more vlogs from here in the Philippines So you can look forward to that. I hope you subscribe if you're new here Click on that bell to stay notified and give this video a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it And feel free to share it with a friend if you laugh All right, I'll see you guys in the next vlog. Peace Take for a reason