 Hello guys, welcome back to another video. Today we are firstly starting off this vlog in the car on the way to the shops because we've got some ingredients to buy for something special happening tonight. We are fully into the festive swing of things in December. Let us know in the comments what date did you put your Christmas tree up this year or is it still up from last year? Be honest, just be honest with that. No, no one does that. I reckon there's one person in the comments. If you do that comment below right now because I want to, I want to speak to you. I want to see what other things to do in your life because that would be wild. So you're coming below if your tree is up and if it is up, when did you put it up? But if it's not up, when are you planning to put your tree up? If you are going to have a tree this year. Yes, so we've just come up to wait for the trees. The car is full of rubbish again for the tip and the renovations are sort of slowly coming to a close. Things are finishing off which is very exciting. It's very busy. It's like school run time. I think we've done this really badly. I don't think we've planned this very well. It's incredibly busy here right now. But it's okay. It's all good. I have got my dad and stepmom coming round for dinner this evening. And we're going to be cooking them their first ever taste of Filipino food. They've never been to the Philippines. I believe they've never tried any food from the Philippines. And we just said to John the camera and for dinner and they said, yes, I say, how about I cook you some Filipino food? Because they know we spent so much time there. And I think it's a nice thing to be able to share that with family. And it's just going to be nice sort of way to share with them what we've obviously gone through to share with them our experiences. And the best way to through food basically. We also said in the vlog the other day if we could start in more cooking videos now we've got a kitchen, which means we kind of can start having people round for dinner and things like that, which is nice. And a lot of you in the comments said, why don't you try cooking some Filipino food for your family? So it's going to be interesting to see their reaction, especially with one of the dishes, one of the things we're going to cook or Lucy's. Actually, maybe I should help. No, I'll film it. I'll just be the cameraman. We're going to make a synagogue, which is a unique taste, isn't it? It's a unique flavour profile with the sourness. It's quite specific. I wouldn't be surprised if it's... I can't wait to see their reaction. I wouldn't be surprised if there's people out there that... I think it's a bit of an acquired taste. I wouldn't be surprised if someone said it's not for me. Yeah, they might not like it. We don't know. Because it's so unusual. I absolutely love it. It's probably one of our both of our favourite Filipino dishes. But I can understand why someone who's never had food like that be like, oh, that's really kind of hard to get used to. It's such a... I can't even describe it as sour, but not in the way of a lemon being sour. It's so hard to explain it. If you don't know, it's a soup with loads of vegetables in, sometimes pork, sometimes shrimp, and it's like a water-based soup. Like a broth. Like a broth, but with a ton of vegetables, a ton of flavour, have it with rice, delicious. Yeah, it's really good. But I'm just interested to see their first mouthful of synagogue. That's my most thing I'm looking forward to today. Because it's so sour. And I know it kind of looks like we're coming out at night time. It's dark, it's grey, it's deep-gee today for the weather check. But it is only 3pm. This is England. Yeah, this is England in the winter. This is 3pm. It looks like about 7 or 8pm to me. I get this thing where I find it really hard to be motivated after it gets dark. And it's dark by four. Today's weather check, I'm afraid. 0.4 out of 10. Did you hear that? 0.4. Start with a zero. I hate this weather. So a quick hint on the dessert that we could be making this evening. Filipino dessert. Comment below if you can guess. No, you need a dessert. We need ready bananas. These are all like ripen at home. But isn't even the right kind. Oh, what? Yeah, no, they won't be. That's the thing. We are doing our best here to get the correct ingredients. Because it's not going to be exact to what we would do in Manila. But we're doing it as close as possible. Not happy with the bananas yet? They look good. They're yellow enough. Yeah, they'll be sweet. Yeah, we are in using them today. Not part of tonight's meal. But we have been eating a lot of blueberries recently. I read about so many benefits of eating blueberries. So we have one aisle in the supermarket that is world cuisine. And they have like an Asian section. How many oranges are they? No, I don't think they have Filipino specifically. We're looking for... Yeah, lumpia wrappers. Yeah, lumpia wrappers. We might be like spring roll wrappers. It's all we get there. True. They must do it. Oh, we did see... It was here somewhere the other day. We saw Kalamansi juice, didn't we? Do you remember? We should make Kalamansi lemonade. Is it there? Yeah. Kalamansi. Yeah, look at that. Kalamansi juice. Okay, let's go that. But check out the price. Four pounds. So small as well. Look how they spell it. They do it like two separate words. Yeah, I have fun eating. Do you know how to make Kalamansi lemonade? Just with sparkling water or something? Probably with lemonade, isn't it? No, I don't know. I have to look at my recipe. We'll look it up. We're going to make Kalamansi lemonade recipe. Water, syrup, ice. Oh, we need some syrup. I want to make it sparkling, I think. Yeah, definitely sparkling. Next dilemma. Trying to find the right vinegar for the chicken and dobo that we're going to make. You would think it would be easy, but they don't seem to have like this most standard white vinegar here. They have white wine vinegar and they have distilled malt vinegar. But we just need white vinegar. It's a little bit more. Might be a very interesting tasting adobo. Okay, we're doing it. We think this is going to be similar enough. It's not the same. We hope it's going to be good enough. Apparently it's more mild and sweet, so I just add a bit more. So if it's mild, I add a bit more. Yeah, okay. Or this could be interesting. So it kind of made two mistakes. One, three mistakes. Really. One, the ingredients are not perfect. We will show you what we mean. It could be quite funny making this this evening. Mistake number two, we have a full boot. And I didn't think about that before coming out. Step number three. We put all the shopping in one bag, which is super heavy. This is going to be interesting. It's just going to have to go on top of it. Yeah, that'll be real. I think it'll be okay. You have to flip it in. I don't know. It's going to be pretty difficult because they were laughing at me at the checkout because it's so heavy. It's like a gym. It's going to be a lot of fun. It's going to be a lot of fun. It's going to be fun. It's going to be a lot of fun. It's going to be fun. It's going to be fun. It's going to be fun. It's going to be fun. It's so heavy. It's like a gym. Whoa. Did it fall to troll you away? Yeah. Man people. That is so heavy. Never do that. We thought we would just fart and use one big bag. It's falling. It's looking. Okay. I actually do not know how I'm going to lift that into the house at the other end. Genuinely. Okay. I've started on the chicken adobo recipe, where is it? I'm using this one from YummyPH. It seems like a pretty standard adobo recipe. Nothing crazy. Just like the usual ingredients. I know a lot of them have different variations, but this is like my simple one I could find. And I'm starting this by frying off some nogalic with the crushed pepper in some oil. I'm going to add all the chicken just here. Then we've got some possibly the wrong vinegar and the soy sauce. So I'm going to get this all sorted and I'll show you guys how it's looking in a sec. Now we tried our very, let me turn the instructor off so you can hear me. We tried our very best with the Citigan ingredients. Vegetables here aren't the same. We couldn't find things like cancong. So we tried to find more places. We're using pea shoots. I've got no idea if this is going to work, but it's a leaf. It's got a little stem like a stalk in white work. Couldn't find white radish. So we've gone for baby patchoi. We've got an objene here and eggplant. As you'd say in the Philippines, we couldn't find silly peppers. We've got padron peppers, which I think could work well-ish. And then we've got some beans and tomatoes and some onions. So they're the only ones I'm confident in. The rest are just kind of bake shift. Smells good, you know? Is this one really strong? It's got that garlic. Oh yeah, really good. The chicken is just in here. Simmering away a little bit. And I've got the garlic and lo, these soy sauce and vinegar mix here ready to add to it in a second. Our guests are not here yet, but it's hard to cook and host at the same time. So this is doing some prep in the kitchen first. I'm finishing off a little bit of editing work that we need to do. So I'm not just doing nothing before you all comment George, why aren't you helping? We're not helping me. It's a stir if you want. It's alright, Rob, you didn't do anything. Yeah, alright. I'm really Rob, you didn't do anything. So I'm currently feeling quite organised. I've got a drink station, I've got a starter station, I've got a main course station, and I've got a dessert station here as well. Obviously normally we would like want to have it all in one go. Like it's weird that we're breaking it up into starters and maids, isn't it? Normally this is the kind of food that you just want together. But... This is our table. We have only... This is our table, so we have this space. Basically you couldn't have a bowl for soup and a plate for a dobo on the same place. So you could... You have the huge worktop on the kitchen, so we can have all the food laid out. It can be like help yourself to the soup and then we enjoy the soup. Wait, we've got a problem. What's the problem? We need rice with both. I thought we'd have said we need a waiter. Just cook a load of rice and keep it in a bowl. Cook all the rice and then just keep it on the bowl. For then it'd be cold by the time we get to mains. You want it because you mix it with the maids. Or I'd put it... I'll cook it all at the same time, not do starter remain. Yeah. Cook it all at the same time and then people can have soup and then come back up. Is that annoying? Do you know party logistics? I don't know. Yeah, sounds good. So here's the funny story of the food shop. We could not get lumpia wrappers or even spring roll wrappers or anything. So we have... Puff pastry, which is way... way thick. I mean it's so thick, it's too thick. Also I thought they'd be loads, loads of layers. Because I thought when you make puff pastry, layer layer layer layer. But there's not. I mean I think you feel a pastry maybe. Feel that would have been better. It wouldn't have an ace, so it's fine. But yeah. I think we're going to have some chunky to run. We're going to do it in one piece each, but a big thick piece. The pastry is going to puff up though. I hope it's really crispy. But I just need to make sure the pastry is cooked. Yeah, it's going to look interesting. It needs to cook much further through and the banana is going to take longer to cook. So I'm going to basically cut these in half, wrap the jackfruit and banana in one. And then we'll each have one huge to run. Sounds good. What can go wrong. And we have ice cream with it, so. Yeah, it'll be fine. And we have jackfruit. Wow, that's a lot of sugar. It's going to be sweet, sweet to run. It's going to be sweet, sweet to run. It's going to be sweet to run. I'm going to have some sweet to run. I'm going to have some sweet to run. It's going to be sweet to run. It's going to be sweet to run. It's going to be sweet to run. It's going to be sweet to run. It's going to be sweet to run. It's going to be sweet to run. So I'm just telling them what we're having for dinner tonight. And the second one is synaghan. So you use a packet mix for the flavour of it. It's like you're going to spice mix with something. You can have it sometimes with prawns or chicken or pork or beef or salmon. Anything. We've got a vegetable one because we've got the chicken with the adobe. It's the most unusual. It's a sour soup. It's sour. You have to tell us if it reminds you of anything. You can describe it. It could be some level sea. No. There's a couple of them. You're meant to use a peppercorn silly. It's an S.I.I.L.I. Which is like a green pepper which is quite a load here. There's normally a few popped in. We can find them so we use the paddron. They're not that hard. They're a little bit here. I don't know. I don't know. I haven't subscribed yet. We're going to have a little spoon of rice and dip it in the soup a little bit. We'll have it in the soup with the spoon. We've got a little bit of rice and dip it in the soup a little bit. We'll get onto that. We'll have to show us how to help you. We'll try to make it authentic as possible. We'll be using a fork and spoon rather than a knife or fork. I have no knives. There's no knives tonight. You've got to learn to do it in the proper way. So, is it in this one? Oh, it's loads. Yeah, I've made loads because it's a packet. It's not what it smells. Try to describe the taste and the smell. It's a really dark chicken. The adobo is cooking away. That's how you usually stand like a sort of buffet style. They feel free to tuck in. It looks amazing. Oh, I'm not going to show you the camera yet. Have a little close up of the adobo. Yeah, that looks very good. It does. It's in a gang. Looks authentic. There's two litre portion there. There's two vegetables in there. That's healthy one, yes. It's not as much as you want. No, you say that good. What's it like, can you call it a Savoy cabbage? It's like... How would you describe it? It's like a stem, which is a bit crunchy, but it's easy to eat. Yeah. But that's not what's in there. That's what should be in there. It's all the way around. We just threw a mix salad in that one. And then like, I'm doing tomato, I'm doing green beans. I'm doing green beans. I'm doing green beans. I'm doing onions. I'm doing tomatoes. First, I'll have a taste. So if we get a bit of... Oh, the flesh. And then you want to just get the sauce. Just dunk it in like this. And then just try that as it is. Good? I'm unbelievable. Really? Wow, good. I'm doing that again. It's like just overpowering for any good. Oh, yeah, it is. It doesn't need any salt or pepper. No. Wow. Very good. Good. Thank you. And it's quite sour. I know what it's doing again. Yeah, I can feel it. But sour and a good way. How is it? How is it loose compared to what you've done before? It's legit. A good one. It tastes like it should taste like a French dessert. It's doing the job though, isn't it? We opened it out both sides. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Nice. Yeah. Oh, good. Pass the test. It's quite tough to open. But if you're going to go pick a soy sauce. Yeah, good. Good. Good reactions. Well done, Lucy. Yeah, I'm getting in there now. Finish this off. Okay, so Lucy has been preparing the taran? The biggest taran I think has ever been made in the world. Wow. It's about four times the size of what you should be. It looks like a sausage roll. But you guys know what? You know the story behind it. You normally use a thing called limpia wrapper, which is like a spring roll type of square thing. It's a nice and thin. You can go anywhere else. It's normally like this. Yeah. It's going to be empty if you have a pastry. So it's like a thick layer. Normally you have a few each. But it was only like one big sheet. So it's a big version. It should be delicious. It has to be with ice cream. Yeah, to cool it down at least. Yeah, we did have a slight smoke issue in vinegar. Well, it's boiling oil with sugar. Yeah. It's not a good combination. It's not a good combination. It's our extract of that and the sugar. Exactly. We're getting more excited about that. So yeah, it's good. So yeah, it's a thing called taran. So it's a, it's normally a thin layer of pastry with banana inside. Brown sugar and jackfruit. Deep fried. And then so with ice cream, I'm caramelized sugar on the outside. But we couldn't find the right pastry. So we've had to use puff pastry. So this is the next with thick version. It's going to be a much thicker version. But very, the most, what, there's maybe the second most popular Filipino dessert. After. After, hello, hello. I'm not sharing anything bad about this. Yeah, it's very, very tasty. Oh, I see. Oh, there's nothing that I don't like in this. But I think. It's a little bit of crunch, which is a good sign. That is a good sign. You want to have a little bit of fire fix, okay? A little bit of crispy. It might be a bit hot, I suppose. Yeah, it might be. I don't know how swells are made. And a bit of time to cool that. Mm-hmm. Good. Heavy. Mm-hmm. Lovely. Goes well with our screams as well. Yeah, it's crispy. It's sweet. It's banana-y. I like the thick pastry, you know. I think we want to suddenly hear. I think we've designed a new version of it. It might be better than the original. Wow. So what did you see on the originalist? It's called Lumbia. It's called Lumbia. It's called Lumbia. It's called Lumbia. It's called Lumbia. It's called Lumbia. It's called Lumbia. It's called Lumbia. It's called Lumbia. It's called Lumbia Rapper, but it's like a spring roll type pink hat. And it's really thin. Yeah. And you wrap it a few times. So it's like a bit crunchy. So it's a bit like a pre-lul. Yeah. Yeah. And there wasn't no either. That was way second. Yeah. Just a little. She really could do it. Yeah, great. Ah, so our evening guest just left. And that went down so well. Lucy did so amazing. Like on her feet a lot. Being so pregnant and like hosting a whole. So pregnant. So pregnant. And hosting a whole evening. Amazing work, Lucy. Thank you. It went down really well. They loved the food. And by the way, we said to them beforehand. Just give us your totally honest opinions. If you don't like it, it's fine. Not everyone will like everything they ever try. But they genuinely loved it. And they'd never had that food before. They'd never had Filipino food. So that was like a first time reaction. It was so interesting for us to watch them. Because we now understand why our viewers from the Philippines loved watching. Us tried the food for the first time. And now we spend so much time there. We kind of understand that as well. Yeah, true. You want to see what people think of something new. Because for us life is all about trying new things. And experiencing new cultures. That's why we love traveling so much. That's why we love spending time in different countries and cultures. And with different people and different walks of life. And different food and everything like that. That's what life is all about for us. It is 11pm, which I think is a sign of a good evening. We're going to go to bed. The dishwasher is on already. And this place did so well. This is our first social hosting. We're at the even the fireplace on Netflix. Our first kind of social hosting in the department. And it went super well. So we're going to end this vlog here. Hope you guys enjoyed joining us for dinner this evening. We would love to have all 528,000 of our subscribers over for dinner. But you probably wouldn't fit in our small little humble boat. So... You did a few at a time I think. Yeah, we'll run it in sessions. Tomorrow night, Sissig. Anyway, we are going to say goodbye from it. And I didn't really film my reaction to the food because I was kind of cameraman tonight. I wanted to film everyone else. But the adobe was great. The synagogue was good. It was slightly less sour. I said to Lucy, it's slightly less sour than the one we had at Brewhard the other day. But the brew home was very sour. So it was kind of... There's a bit lower than that. Slightly less sour. With the rice, delicious. With the saltiness of the chicken from the adobe. It all went together so well. We ate it all together. And the taran, guys. The taran worked really well. I know the traditional is the lumpia wrapper. But if you can get hold of some puff pastry roll. It's heavier. It's more... It's a heavier dessert with the pastry that we have to use. But it was delicious. Trust me, try it. But we are going to end off here. Oh, we're so full. We need to sneak this off. We'll see you guys very soon. In another vlog. We've got some cool stuff coming up. So please stick around. Please like the video. Please hit the subscribe button. And we will see you very, very soon. In another video. Goodbye. Goodbye, Lucy. Thanks.