 A'loga is thanks so much for stopping by my channel Selenka updates. In today's video, we are going to take a look at young clean celebrity coppers in the Philippines, who make you want to fall in love. Kindly don't forget to click on the subscribe button and hit the notification bell to get notified anytime I drop new videos. Thank you. Making Quentos and Paul Salas, Kaposo Coppo, Mickey and Paul have been dating since 2021 after they have been rumored to be dating for a while now. Since the media relationship official in 2021, their coppo have been showing us accepts of their lives from travel to how they spend their time together. Bianca O'Malley and Ruhu Ruhu Madrid in 2022 after Ruhu Ruhu Madrid confirmed that he and Bianca have been dating for four years. Since they went public, their Kaposo Coppo have been inseparable, always serving as some good clings and showing us how much they care and mean to each other. Andrea Brelantes and Richie Rivera, their coppo made their relationship public after Richie asked Andrea to be his girlfriend during a UAP game at the Mall of Asia Arena. Andrea also accepted to be his girlfriend and since then the coppo have showed us how much chemistry they have between each other and how much they mean to each other. Bobby Fortezer and Jack Roberto, dubbed as Jack by by fans, their Kaposo Coppo have been together for five years now. Bobby and Jack made their relationship public in 2017 and since then this coppo have always shown us what it means to be in love. From acting together, traveling together and posting each other on social media, this coppo always serves as some good clings. Sofia Andres and Daniel Miranda, in 2020 Sofia and her partner Sebüenen Carris and Daniel Miranda, surprised a lot of people when they announced the bet of their daughter Zuri and admitted to have met for the first time at the club in 2017. These two have always been one of the cutest coppo online, but recently subject to break up rumors. However, they recently posted each other on social media to reaffirm their love for each other and proved that they are very stronger together with their daughter. Nash Aguas and Mika De La Cruz, former going bullied coasters and real-life coppo Nash Aguas and Mika De La Cruz have been in a relationship for four years now. Nash previously admitted in an interview that he and Mika became an item on 20 October 2018, Dr. Pesud Mika for a year, since she is his childhood crush. Their friendship between Mika and Nash blossomed into love and their two have become one of the most adorable coppo online. Makoai De Leon and Elise Husson, real-to-real-life coppo Makoai and Elise, Derbas Malki's, have been in an off-and-on relationship for years. Their coppo first met as housemates in the Lucky Seven edition of Pinoy Big Brother in July 2016. After their long stay in the house, they developed romantic feelings for each other and later became a coppo in real-life. Their two welcomed their baby girl Feliz in April 2021. Their coppo have been subject to break up rumors recently after Makao came out to confirm the breakup himself but their other report that their two have partens between them. Makaoai is one of the most beautiful coppo online and they have a beautiful chemistry that makes you feel like, yes, love is indeed real. Gabi Garcia and Khaled Ramos, their coppo first met in 2015 at Julia Barato's star-studded ative bed de party where Katrin Benado introduced Khaled to Gabi. After establishing their friendship, their two got in touch again in 2017 and started a relationship that they have now. Their coppo is one of the most beautiful young coppo's in the Philippines with so much love and chemistry between them thereby seven as some good clenks always. Syra Mires and Javi Benitez, Syra and Javi are one of the sweetest coppo's in showbiz nowadays, not only are they extremely supportive of each other's careers but they are unaffraid to show each other on their respective social media platforms. The first met when Javi was looking for a leading lady for a movie and their mutual friend mentioned Syu. In February 2020, Deity Ramos retains Syu and Javi begin to suffer but Syu only confirmed their relationship in August. Thanks then Javi has always treated Syu as the real queen who rose his hat. Rani Alonte, Eloisa and Dallu reeled to real life coppo, Loisa and Rani called fondly by their fans as Loigny have been together for more than six years. However, Deity Ramos was only confirmed in November 2018 since then they have always been one of the most adorable coppo's online. You can't mention the best young coppo's in the Philippines without Adil Loigny. They have everything between them, the love, the chemistry and the bond that shows that their love is unbreakable. Their coppo keeps showing their love for each other through their social media platforms and keep proving to us time and time again that true love is real and they are really meant for each other. Liza Sobriano and Erike Hill, their coppo dubbed as Liskein have been together since 2014 but only confirmed their relationship in 2019. Liskein is one of the most adorable coppo's in the Philippines and they make love so beautiful, seven-as-clanx always. Even though they have decided to go their separate ways in terms of their careers, their love for each other still remains intact and they will forever remain one of the most adorable coppo's in the Philippines. Cartoon Bernardo and Daniel Padilla, dubbed as Cartoonale by fans, they were first paired on-screen in the 2011 Teen Series growing up. Since then, the Cartoonale tandem has headline blockbuster movies and television series. In 2018, Cartoon confirmed that she has been in a long-term relationship with her on-screen partner Daniel Padilla since 25 May 2012. Cartoonale has always been the best love team in the Philippines, talk about the chemistry, the love, the bond, the sweetness between them, they have it all. Daniel and Cartoon continue to prove to us that they are really meant for each other and the love between them is everlasting. Which of these young celebrity coppo is your favorite? The most adorable guy in the Philippines. The most adorable guy in the Philippines. The most adorable guy in the Philippines. The most adorable guy in the Philippines. Thanks so much for watching, hope you enjoyed this video. Kindly don't forget to like, comment, share and subscribe. Stay safe to be meeting on this one. I love you and it's bye for now.