 Hello, hello, welcome back to juicy react. Thanks for joining us once again. We have a brand new reaction video for you today. We've had so many coming through. If you want to send us anything to react to, however they do that Lucy. Well George, you can follow us on Instagram and send us a DM with a link or a video name and that's what we get all of these videos from. You don't technically have to follow us to send us some messages. Oh do, it's part of the rules. It would be a preference of RC. You can see we're up to in day to day life. Anyway, if you're new around here please if you get subscribed and give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed today. You've got to sit still on your creaky chair. I'm going to sit over forward then. We need to get this WD40 on that. No, I just can't keep still now. I was just aside for this reaction video. What have you got today? Right, today we are reacting to what is considered rich in Philippines. Okay. So I actually have no idea what it is. I think it's a mid to like- A dobo is like quite rich. Sinagang can be. A lot of flavour. Since becoming a dad, George's dad jokes have just multiplied. They have, have I made. I've gotten a lot of it. All right, let's find out what this is all about. Are you ready? We're going to jump straight into that. Hi folks, the Philippi Rp here. And we've often talked about how much money you need to live comfortably in the Philippines. About what about from the Filipino perspective. How much money do we think it takes to live like a king? Do we really think all foreigners are looking at it? Such a good question. Such a good question. It's different everywhere. To be called rich here. Well today I'm going to hit the street and ask the locals just how much they think is in your pocket. This is not how we're interesting. Yeah, how long? Yeah, this is the longest map. Love a street interview. Let me see. Always good. The Filipino P. How much money should you be earning per month? To be considered? Yeah. I'm rich and well off here in the Philippines. Maybe like 50k a month? 50k. Okay, 50k is about the US. Do you think all foreigners are rich? I think they're rich but not rich by the money. Rich in their hearts, their loved ones, they're like that. Okay, so they have a big heart. That's nice. Sweet. Do you think an average foreigner? That foreigner right there. How much money in his pocket right now? Like cash around 5 to 10? Okay, so about a hundred to two hundred dollars US. I have to say if we're judging on how rich someone is by what's in their pocket, we are we have nothing. We don't carry cash from us anymore. No, I was going to say like very little. Although in the Philippines we do more so. A little bit. However, on our last trip we were just there. Just called. A lot of places were like, you don't accept card now everywhere. If it was called, that's 5,000 to 10,000. If I dare you to stick your your hand in his pocket like sir, can I check your can I check how much money you've got there? Promise I won't take it. I'm just going to count it. Would you do it? 5,000 pesos. That is. Would you do it? That is cool. She's thinking. Just thinking. Just going to look at your money. I'll just count it. I won't take it. Okay, so she's she's begging. Okay, so how much do you expect your future husband to earn to provide a comfortable life here in the Philippines? I think around. Around life. Don't be shy. Fill it out. 30 to 50k. 30 to 50,000 pesos. Okay, so that's about you know, maximum of a thousand dollars per month. You think that would be enough for you to have a comfortable life here with kids as well? Yes. Do you think all foreigners are rich? I think in the Philippines like obviously it's so broad. I put an Instagram real out recently talking about how much how much things cost in BGC and I got a lot of comments saying it's not a good representation of the Philippines because this cup of coffee that's like four dollars you'd get a cup of coffee for like I don't know 50 cent in the province. Right. It's so hard to it's a very generic title of like what make what what who's rich in the Philippines sort of thing but if you're in BGC or like as a nice some areas that are going to be more expensive it's just all variable and well. If you live in a cheap area. If she had her husband and two kids with a thousand dollars a month in BGC it's probably not enough because rent's going to be more than that. But then if you're in the province you've probably got enough for rent for food for I think every area that's why it's quite an interesting concept. What would be interesting is to compare different countries and things like in what's considered rich in the UK. A thousand dollars a month. Isn't rich for me. No definitely not like that does not go very far. No especially not now. But then off north it would go further than where we are. It's like expensive where we are. Just like interesting these comparisons and then sometimes sadly like the salaries aren't reflected. No. Equally enough to counteract for the higher you know expenditure. If they will come to the Philippines they will be considered rich because their money the value of their money when coupled in the US we have a dollar is a good one. Let's say today is 50. 50 Philippine pesos. So if they come to the Philippines they will be they will be called rich. They think generally foreigners are generous people. Yeah because things cheaper. Most of them but I can't say that's all of them but most of them most of that foreigners that I counter are generous. How? Like for example like those vloggers they feed people on the street their children they give foods to the beggars money to the beggars. That's why like those are just example why I call them generous. Do you think foreigners work harder than Filipinos? Most of the Americans are most of the foreigners are work harder because they are well compensated and they are satisfied upon the work. Did you notice that there's a lot of foreigners here in Duma get there right? Okay so how much do you think they have in their pockets like an average foreigner? I think it's such a funny question. Not less than 500,000? 500,000 in their pockets like someone walking around there they have 500,000 in their pockets. I think so. So how much money is rich? Probably 50k. 50k? Is that per month or per year? Per month. Per month? Oh okay. Why do Filipinos think they have so much money? Forerners? Because they're foreigners. Because they're foreigners. So they're like just being a foreigner. It's like an odd idea. I don't know how to accept. How much does a man need to have you know to provide a comfortable living here in the Philippines? 30k per month. 30k per month. Do they share their money? Should they share their money? Oh okay. If they love you. If they love you. If they hate you they won't. Okay. So let's say there's a foreigner in front of us. Pretend that she's a foreigner. How much money do you think she has in her pocket? But she's talking to me. How much money do you think she's carrying? What are her thoughts? Why do you think they're going so much money? Go shopping. Go shopping. So do you think foreigners are rich? Yes. So why do you think they're rich? They're rich. They're rich. They're rich. They're rich. They're rich. They're rich. They're rich in the beach and they're in the expensive restaurants. Okay. So how much money do you need to have to be considered rich? One million. So if you have one million pesos you're considered rich. Mika do you think foreigners are rich? You think so. You think so. Oh fire. Maul money. Yeah. You've got that like tucked away. In my perception I think they're more financially literate because of their economy or how they handle their money. Okay. So where do you think they're getting their money? Of course they're their work or whatever their career is or the field that they are in. Maybe some were born with it. You know old money or maybe from the government or how this economy works. I'm not really sure. Okay. So how much money do you need to have to be considered rich? Maybe around if your salary is around 100,000 plus a month. Yeah. Okay. So if you're earning 100,000 pesos a month here in the Philippines you're considered rich. Yeah. I think so. Okay. Do you think foreigners should share their money to other people? Well if they want to, sure right? If they want to. So let's say you go you're going to a poor country. Let's say Somalia. Would you share your money with the poor people? Maybe I would share what I have for example like food but I think money not really because we don't know how they're going to use the money for like illegal purposes or whatever so just trying to be safe. Okay. So generally me good. Do you think foreigners are generous? She's fine. I think so. Yeah. Do you like foreigners? Some foreigners I do like but some I don't. I think the same. I don't. Okay. What are the gender laws? Do you like foreigners? Anyone who is not from the Philippines. Those people who you know has an aura that they're approachable and you can sense that they're not you know rude. Okay. There's type of foreigners too. Okay. So you guys have to have an approachable aura. Okay. Thank you so much. Interesting. This is so cool. I feel like we haven't even spoken much. We should watch more of her stuff. I'm actually quite intense isn't it? I love a street interview. But like she's not asking like I feel like often street interviews are quite generic questions and like similar answers but she's like straight in. Do you like foreigners? Yeah this is interesting. Actually what we could do is like the amounts there were sounding like to the UK like not. No with an average. That those amounts mentioned wouldn't make you rich in the UK. No. But I was just thinking that is then multiplied again in the US. Right. So what is considered like average or rich in the UK? Sunely in the US. From what we've heard from friends and people. Like how much you need to earn a month to have like a solid like that like that like doubles in the US. Way under would it be heard? Yeah. And then probably somewhere else again. So depending on where you're watching from comment below your opinions and comment below where you're from and what you will consider rich. Like let's continue the conversation in the conversation. Yeah it would be very interesting. Oh the laptops on one percent we need to run this up. Thank you for watching this video today. If you've enjoyed it please subscribe and give it a thumbs up and we'll see you very soon in the next. To see React and I will oil this chair for next time. It's very creepy. I'm very sorry. It's very noisy. If you can hear that. Yeah. Thanks for watching guys. See you soon.