 Well, here we are, look at all the Philippine flags guys. We are playing fully in the Philippine server and this is gonna be what it is Are they as good as they say they are? My name's Kausa, professional League of Legends player trying to get mythical glory in the Philippine server in mobile legends And yes, I am playing Vale here for my first game. We just needed a mid laner. This felt pretty good to me and I'm just chilling I'm just chilling I'm just gonna pull this wave a little bit. Don't want to make too much of a fuss hitting level two I'm just here to help my laners, you know, if they need help with this crab, which it looks they look good They look good indeed and I'm freezing the lane right here. Oh Did my mid laner? No, my mid laner's right there. I'm gonna actually shove this lane All right first blood. I like it I like it This is how we do it. I gotta go bot Maybe I can kill this guy. He's quite low Oh, well that that was that was okay. She was sitting in that bush. All right, that's all All right, all right, all right the Filipino Selena right there guys Onage I guess I should have seen that one coming. All right, let's upgrade my tower They're all bot. I'm gonna go ahead and shove this lane Um Well, we're gonna okay One five I like it. I like this start here Hmm All right, just throwing down a little tornado no biggie no biggie Throwing some damage on that guy. I mean bro. He wanted me. He wanted my death bro. He wanted me Oh Secure all that knock up into the air get my ulti Oh, what in the world bro this Selena stun bro This Selena stun I'm just pulling it over All right, so Karen I killed would be nice if our jungler was coming, but he's not That sucks. I don't know like he just left the turtle go That's fine did I mean Sure, sure why not All right, well rolling back to mid lane here I don't have enough damage up until I guess the items. Why is Moscow in mid lane Too good man Too good All right, so Karen all the CS I can we gotta get a wave push here watch for the Selena stuns Watch for the Selena stuns I don't want to get stunned oh she bought him huh? Oh Well, I just lost all that CS. Okay, not bad. Let's go down for the Selena here. I mean I don't think I can do it how we doing in gold. Okay, we're a little behind the gold Oh my god, I was pinging the gold dude this Selena dude How did I miss what the heck Well that Moscow arrow was really really close Okay, well that really sucked that that missed I got a watch for the Selena arrows. I'm good. I'm good All right, we'll get some extra damage wait who's only killing sweep. Why is this a 312 what is going on Holy crap dude our Melissa 0-4 what the heck Just watching for the Selena stuns she top She top I'll just kill that anyway. I know how there goes another Selena stun Initiate retreat Let's see if I can go help top here Hmm Well, it is really hard to hit her huh. Oh, we got her. Well, I got her I don't think Pukito's got this homies All right, well, I gotta go hold mid. Hopefully I don't run into Jolian here Yeah, it's kind of what I figured would happen, but a 412 not too bad though Bro, this Selena is just absolutely dominating our teammates Ha ha ha, dude, it's crazy. Did it still stuns man when the stuns hit you dead, though I just got a watch for my own stun I got a not standstill while I'm oh my god Bro Okay, well Fortunately, she doesn't seem to one shot me I keep getting hit by them. I don't know. Maybe it's a ping. Let's blame the ping I am sitting on 100 ping which makes it a little bit harder to react to the stuns I can't believe she keeps getting me with those though. I don't think I've dodged any of them All right, that wasn't bad. That was not bad at all Oh, let's get the lightning truncheon as our next item Um, who's our top laner as he did. Oh, he did he full dead That's too damaged to that Okay, let's upgrade this sucker to a veil tower Oh, I am so oh my god, dude, I'm just getting hit with everything No, not this time Oh, yeah, I don't know what Belirys alt does What in the I literally didn't even see the stun because of the the health card ulti Yo, is there a way I can counter like getting stun like that Not bad. I think my team got this Nice, yeah, we can do turtle here I'm coming for the turtle Well, I'd like to Uh, we need we need help I did it. Yeah, I mean Well, the Melissa does kind of doing work unfortunately dude Moscow just does so much more than Melissa I've really hit playing against Moscow Well, we're just gonna keep going until we uh finish our truncheon, I guess A Lightning truncheon is a no way You have slay You should have dodged it you know what I'm saying oh, that's an enemy I cannot I cannot It was close no cigar though Oh No Hmm Well, we're just gonna hold this wave fortunately the minions are pushing in Some free gold for me My goal is just to farm just to farm it up. Oh Okay Oh Oh that poor Moscow dude he ate that ulti Well, what killed me I literally don't even know what killed me wait Moscow wait where did all my health go Oh Holy crap, I didn't realize I was that low Okay, so we got belleric ulting over here. I guess I don't even know I don't know if that's a belleric ult or not All right, there's a kill can we do the lord? I'd love to do the lord Like we need everybody here though We are all fighting on that are we not okay? We're not doing the lord then huh That's kind of disappointing You have slain an enemy All they did not go that way Well, I was full silencer that I want to get I need to get some armor like I'll get an anti-correct one Does that count like I wonder if how curts abilities count as like Biz damage. I mean to the point where like anti-correct feels like a no-brainer But the same time if I get like a blade armor man, I know you guys are gonna hate me if I do this I'm actually fully expecting a blade armor here Uh, I just don't want to get one tapped. I mean I need the HP, right But like it works against Moscow. It works against the other dude Like at this point I basically already one shot Oh Well, that's all right or a dominant ice dominant ice is probably pretty good actually now I think of it Let me get the dominant ice because I already have a component for it. Yeah, let's get Lord Let's get Lord Oh, let's get who's still up on their team Moscow This Moscow's kind of bad though. Let's be honest You Right, we just run up and one tap him. He's I guarantee you he's the mythic five of the enemy team this Moscow Well, that is uh unlucky life I can't see anything Well, this armor is doing me great justice, huh Great justice Oh, I just walked into a trap or something All right, we're just tossing and turning Hopefully I don't get hit by a salina throw while I'm watching the Lord in the top lane Definitely got some of that momentum turning around for us here. Yeah, we're ahead and gold and uh, we almost got that top turret dude We need to let me put up that veil tower also the only tower remaining is this veil tower, huh You know what I love about like heroes that use like skill shots is that you could just kind of throw them We just roll them until something happens right and with higher ping Like if I'm using a non-skill shot champion with higher ping then it just lags really bad All right, we got dominant ice here. I think honestly at this point. I just I go divine glaive Right which should be enough and then I have enough armor with the The um the divine ice or whatever it's called. I don't know what's called Dominant ice I'm coming down to help them I mean I got wave clear for days too All right, oh, I just walked into that You Wow the one shot dude. I have a tank item and I still one shot. That's insane Okay, that went well I just I'm really tempted to get another tank item instead of divine glaive because honestly like who on their team is building a mar None of them. I guess as salina is As salina is and honestly, I kind of don't want I don't want to not one shot salina because you saw my damage. I did tour already Having a little bit of extra HP and armor would go a long way though Like I'm really tempted like maybe a brute force play Casting spells increase it But I mean you can't really make too good of it. Maybe like in a mortal ages and mortality extra HP and all the other good stuff Yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and grab that. I'm feeling pretty good about that I Don't even know it can I even check where where he comes out Yeah, you better run Hmm we just got to stop the backs That's all I'm doing just stopping the recalls here He's quite low Not too bad. I've got like three seconds of my ulti here Oh well she absorbed my ability. That was well played by her I guess Yeah, I'm uh Oh piquito Oh piquito I mean he's gonna pull aggro over here and I'm ready to help him Wow, he's late just gonna pure fight them. He's not even pulling aggro. He's just fighting them Ow, oh I hit a trap. I just want to wait patiently Well she absorbed it Dude she is so Crazy hard to get away from Go for that All right, how we doing in gold? All right not bad not bad So we're all cut up in gold. We're a little bit behind in terms of like getting full build But we're sitting about uh the same as our other teammates everybody's about the same So piquito being slightly ahead he has a Japanese name, huh Uh, how are you doing team chasing down that Moscow Yeah, piquito is such a stupid broken hero that hero he needs a nerf immediately Like I bet I bet right now I haven't seen it in tearless But I'm willing to bet that that champion is uh, sorry that hero is considered super high priority pick right now I'm gonna go hold top Just in case like my team can try and push us in my goal is to just hold top. Oh, I gotta stop his recall Hmm Where's he going? And there we go guys the first game has been completed in the philipine server so far Yeah, I see a little bit different the skill Okay, so let's take a look here at what we got sacred statue reward easy peasy Okay, starting on the red buff this game guys here's the enemy team come They have a fanny fair miss get a dude their team comes okay But with the power of love I believe so I gotta watch for that level one fanny fight Like fanny does that She fights at level one I'm I'm ready to you know, well good fanny. I'll fight at level one or level two I mean like she'll just come dash in here right there. She is Right Uh, I'm just gonna go ahead and start working on this Did she miss all of her cables That was so funny Like she can miss is that the power of the philipino fanny's guys they just they miss all their cables I'm sparkling in my boots Mm-hmm-hmm Let's hit level four real fast and see if we can't make a move on like top lane or something I probably would like to put my focus down on the marksman So far one thing I noticed from the philipine server that they don't really do in korea is Right here at the marksman lice it take that camp, right? In korea server they take this camp, but they never take this camp Which is something I noticed I think we just invade the fanny. Oh or if any comes flying out Okay, let's go top There's first blood and the molten essence has been picked up Yeah, I'm down to take the turtle, but uh Okay, why am I stunned by I have no idea what even stunned me Okay, I'm just passing out here Okay, we got her I don't know maybe it was that it other dude I think what I could do is I could definitely do the turtle before fanny res wants oh well I mean I have jungle emblem so it's not that bad like I can I can do this real fast before fanny gets here Perfect say like that's the power of the jungle emblem you wouldn't normally have that if you went like mage emblem Um next up we're gonna get to nt crash as our first item here. I think in t crash will just kind of completely shut down fanny on me Like he won't be able to kill me before it runs out of energy, right Which is kind of my hopes of my dreams Uh fanny is definitely probably in the blue buff here I want to grab myself some hp So we grab ourselves the nt caresses our next item I really kind of want to go a little hybrid on my carina, but at the same time these are some really core items. I really want to grab Hmm grab this Wait, we're behind in gold Jesus Well, let's see what we got up here We're just gonna keep up having to reduce camps here And back to the use on again Hit okay molasses dead again I'm stuck on the wall here. I don't know. We have so many people hitting these camps here Should be able to grab this red buff Because fanny was all the way on buzz sign Man she doesn't do any damage, huh Oh the pharamus Oh the pharamus all dudes Oh pharamus is so a p But that's okay. Pakitos coming in hot. Let's see if he can pick something up. We also have you Lee here Oh, no far as it's gonna kill them both Did he takes no damage holy crap get him pakeeto you're supposed to be old p oh my god dominant ice anybody Yeah, so after the nt caress will grab a dominant ice. I think dominant ice goes without saying But of course, you know the pharamus just single-handedly went in that fight for them But that's uh that's why I chose carina here. So I chose carina because pharamus It's just much easier to deal with pharamus when you play like a tanky jungler Low yeas going up there after the fanny Yes vision in that bush huh Look at this fanny dude Hmm he's kind of low Oh, I did not I was trying to kill fanny with it. I wasn't trying to secure the turtle. Oh, no My bad Oh, brother's too many here now Um, yeah, I mean we killed fanny, but it what caused we lost a turtle Oh, that's that retribution time and coming up at just the right moment all right next up We're gonna grab ourselves a dominant ice kind of sucks losing turtle there, but you know It is what it is. It is what it is. Let's see how we're doing in terms of comp I'm ahead and gold, but they have a carry Like carry is gonna be a pretty huge counter to me here. No, I think about it. I kind of didn't even I didn't realize I had a carry which is why you kind of need some damage If you want to go against carry you need some damage right Wow that guy's on his shutdown, huh For why can he run through walls? I wonder if he has ulti up Hmm it was uh it was a good question All right, I'm on the batten. Oh the tower shot me I mean Melissa's having some trouble in the bot lane Okay, they're fighting pretty hard You have slain and then she retreat Hmm the battle of the tanks here, you know Oh Jesus dude, oh man, I was trying to kill the other dude because I did the true damage, but I should have went on fairness Oh, you already know he's not happy about that one I thought I could kill him, but he was out healing me because I don't have the dominant side shot Okay, so we know the enemy is why is Melissa taking my red Oh, she's leaving it what in the world Well, we know that the Man that was uh that was my bad on that one shot or not killing fairness there I Dude I just I thought I could do more damage Oh, carry gonna be a big deal Leo. Let's go get that uh the heal here or the crab All right Security and crab My soul is mine to keep I gotta go get my blue buff if we're fanny decides she wants it Looks like they're fighting in mid there, huh All right dominant's ice finally acquired Hmm while we can grab this tower Tower secured Paquito going a little hard here Oh, you'll leave getting a kill I'm down the kill the dragon dude Or not Did some work I don't think I want the top boots. I feel like I'd rather have armor to deal with carry Right she does almost all fizz Oh, that set was beautiful Yo He's setting it up All right, so I think what we're gonna do is we're gonna get the warrior boots and then we'll get ourselves The next item which is the curse comment. I really wish I had a little bit more damage to be honest, but We'll just rely on Paquito and Melissa to do the damage I don't care he can he can have this I Don't I don't really want the red buff I feel like at this point, you know, Melissa is a bit behind But he's over there. He can secure it. I Actually honestly depending on where the enemy is I might want to sneak this They don't have carry They don't know they don't know they don't know okay. They know No No, the pharamist oh Ohy the sneaky lord that's why I love jungle emblem by the way. It's so good Such a good a good Z All right, we're gonna head and secure this yeah, we lost the inhibitor turret, but we did pick a blord Or no, we didn't lose any inhibitor turret we just uh you know they got some push on us But that lord is a huge amount of gold. Let's see how we're doing in gold. We're heading gold now That was a good play and I'm gonna go for this fan he's blue it's gone Oh, oopsie. I mean we gotta we gotta push down bot. I guess Melissa will secure it I'll go with my team over here and next up we're gonna grab ourselves a guardian helmet Ooh She dead Not bad not bad. Ooh that was the close one Yo, Piquito, you're a little deep homie like chill chill Okay Tower dead let's grab ourselves a blue buff here Hmm All right, I mean Melissa kind of realize that she's getting carried huh no biggie Oh, let's go down how we doing in gold second highest Piquito did another Piquito What is with Piquito's in this game guys they're insane I guess whatever team gets Piquito wins. I'm surprised they don't ban them more often Like he seems like he just completely stomps a game Hmm gonna go get my blue buff before Fanny and then we'll wait around for that lord Hmm Not too bad. I'm just gonna keep the farm going Right, we just keep the farm going while we wait for lord this one Da na na na na na na na na we just waiting for this this one One two three That'll die. Oh, they're full fighting huh I'll just shove this wave a little bit. I don't need to lacy us everything. I just need to get a push and Take this red right the goal is just to get that wave push and Attempt the lord Hmm, I think Melissa picked up red which is fine and theory Melissa should have the red huh Not bad Yeah, I'm just gonna spin out of here. I'm gonna go get lord. Oh, I don't have wretchy rip Um, I don't have wretchy so keep Panny off of me I understand that's a little hard, but All right, not bad Oh, we got lord now we shove a little oh, I already got guardian helmet So I want like hand hand. Let me see what I'm right here pretty much all fizz Yeah, if we're gonna I don't think this really sells a name or buys anything I want I think what we want to do is we want to get some like armor here so we'll get the thunderbolt All right, not bad. I don't know about this one. I don't know about this one. We're a little deep huh Yeah, I'm not interested You give me out of here. Yeah, we gotta go push this out. We got some time. We got some time Not bad Working on some more armor The guardian helmet healing me out of combat I want to push us the best that I can Yeah, go ahead shoot it all farza. I don't care. I'm gonna just smack your tower Tower lock guys tower lock and that right there is my second game in the Philippines server so far so good Let's take a look and see what ranks some of these players are Here are my stars. Thank you You Paquito last season was 950 mg, so we're already getting mythical glories in our lobby Wait, what what is a star 67 mean on a mythic go glory. I'm so confused