 And then it didn't sound, I didn't see people. I saw people smoking and drinking, but drugs. Yeah. It never occurred to me. But then when I came out as the owner, I went into being a professional musician. Oh yeah. And it's there, especially drinking and smoking. Not in some of the earlier bands in the 60s. Yeah, I saw people doing, that was when L. S. Tee was big. But I never saw anybody smoking or doing heroin. You know, all this, you know, the razor blade and the power. No, I never saw anything like that. But I watched drinking destroy people's lives. Oh, it's wrecked my family. My father died at 30 because he was a drinker. He got upset with my mother. Yeah. They had a fight and they went out on the motorcycle and he was driving like, or I even had someone to drink. Yeah. He was drunk at the time. Yeah. And they were always fighting because he was always drinking. And that's horrible. I think drinking is awful. I would rather marijuana than alcohol. I'd rather people smoke marijuana than alcohol. I mean, it's really too choice. Yeah, because I never, I never nailed. I never smoked. I never even, never even answered my life. Right. Plus when I came out of the army, I started studying a particular spiritual course of study. And they said, no drink, no drink. So I never drank anything. I don't want this on there. I always told them about my mother. It was always your brother. You always say you're a close to your brother, but it seems like you're a close to your brother, but not your parents as well. No, I wasn't close to my parents. That's true. My father was almost completely deaf. Okay. So it was virtually impossible to have a conversation now. My mother. She'll make that channelistic to connect when you get. Yeah. My mother was the hero of the family. My father was very withdrawn. Yeah, because he became communicate. I know. So he couldn't. I'm back there and they didn't have sign language, or we didn't learn something. Sure. So I left when I was 15. Yeah. So those are the years. I mean, when I told my sister who's gone now and my brother, when my sister talked about my parents, it was like, I didn't know who she was talking about. Really? She told me about my father and how he liked to read books. She knew him seven years before me. So she knew a completely different person. Was your brother older or younger? My brother was seven years between my sister and me. I was middle. And then my brother, another seven years later. I've written stories about my brother. He's incredible. He's dead. Yeah, you all lived him. He's younger than you. So he died when he was 15. I've lived. Why? He just, I don't know what. I don't know what it was that I was in America when he, when he died. He was about, he was just about to come out and visit me. Yeah. I hadn't seen him for something like 10 or 12 years. I was very sad. He can't get closure when you have that. Yeah. It's so much. If you haven't seen someone for a long, long time and then you find out they died, nothing's changed if you're with me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You hold him in your mind and you still hold him in your mind. But he was, he was my big brother. It's a bigger than you. Robus. Tough drinker, smokeer. You know, for such a, such a great guy, he really was hard to think of him. Not, not being able to come and see what we're doing. Yeah. That's what I miss. Have you gone brothers? Yeah, I have an older brother. Yeah. He's, uh, almost five years older. He's like, he's huge. He's like a bowl. Oh, he's, um, yeah, that's exactly time. A no big guy. He makes me look little. But the funny thing about him is, uh, he's a complete beta. He's like, he's like, I don't know if you, uh, I hope it's a big step. Because when it comes, I'm going to try that. Yeah. Now, he still didn't pay him. So my brother went, got a slingshot, and about a kilo of bowl bearings. And he went round to where the guy's office was. And he sent an area where, if there's a noise, you don't look out the window. So nobody's, nobody's about to watch. He got the slingshot, and he put every single one of the guy's windows in. Right? Yeah. The guy comes in the next day. It's got to get emergency, emergency glider coming. Replace all of the windows along the side of the, of the, uh, thing. My brother went down about two or three nights later with another kilo. And he did the, he did that five times. Oh my god. Until the guy had to move. Wow. And then he took him to the small claims court. He got his money. Wow. But the guy looked at him. And the guy knew, he knew. Yeah. Now, if, if I did that, I would put one window in, and there'd be a case in the stand. Yeah. No, I hear you. They hear it. So, you know, it was one of those people who did things, which no one else would get away. What, what did they, they used to have a program, then they call rough justice, where somebody would do something to put things right. The punishment, they, they have denser Washington now, who goes round and puts things around. Sure. Well, I'm surprised that I did that impression that, uh, yeah. Well, it's just my impression. I'm not saying that that's whatever moment. It just was, what I got. It was valid as that. Yeah. But I guess your parents have to be a formative part of your life. Yeah. For, you know, my educated friend, uh, he always talks about his dad, because his dad was a huge influence. Right. And Clever and, um, able accomplished. Sure. And, um, it was a huge influence on him. So, I guess we all get, uh, mentors, one where another don't win. Yeah, I was always thinking. I expect you have your mentor from somewhere. No, it was like, uh, made up in my head. It was like, um, Benjamin Franklin. One of your viewers? No, this is, um, dear her. This. Yes. Okay. Thanks. I'm, um, a naturalized American. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, I hold the bricks a little bit higher than Americans. Because, you know, it all kind of stems from bread. Like the modern world, it comes from England. Oh. I mean, it was an amazing, it was an amazing country. Yeah. Do you ever, do you ever look at the size of the British Empire? It was everywhere. I mean, I think, I'm not quite sure what, I think it was bigger than the Roman Empire. I believe it. I think it was. And so think about where it is now. Yeah. I mean, their swimming and dad think they like, they're, they're about to go to like a middle income country status, basically, as well. Mason, they have, in ruins. I have, uh, two, two dollars. Yeah. They won't have change. They'll have to run across the road. Yeah. You get changed. Yeah. It's amazing. So, a hundred thousand pesos, how? Yeah. And then, I think it goes up to three hundred thousand. Well. If you keep, if you don't comply. Well. So, how will that work out? The registration of Senkars has failed. And I think either two or three or three or four countries. It's already failed. So. Well, it's like digital currency is, is a big push this year. It's coming out in America. They're actually doing away with the penny this year and digital currency is going to come out this year. It's going to be a soft roll out. But, well, it's my understanding anyways that it's coming out this year. But it wasn't that big in China. They didn't really, my understanding is not that many people used it. So, I don't know if it's going to fly. I think that if they're not using it, what they'll do is they'll withdraw, they'll gradually withdraw cash. Yes. Yeah. You know, that's the thing. I mean, it's possible not that I have a huge understanding of how currency of a country works. But the story that I was told was in Australia, they wanted to build a Sydney bridge. And they couldn't comply with, I think, the IMS to get the money. And so, what they did was they printed the money. Right. They just printed the money. Then they paid for the materials and they paid for the workers. And then when the whole bridge was finished, they gradually withdrew the money. Interesting. That's the Australian told me that story. Well, that's essentially what they're doing right now in America. I think it is. They printed the money during COVID and now they've been attracting the money supply in America and contracting for, like, I believe, a year. Wow. They've actually been paying money out of the system. So it's going to be like, they just boom, little boom, little bust, little boom, little bust. So most of the gurus who are on the predicting, you know, people like Kiyosaki, do you have a look at him? Yeah, Robert called Kiyosaki, and he's saying he's coming. And if you're not ready, you'll be, you know, he's been saying that for a long time. Yeah. And isn't Kiyosaki the one that says that the way he's made his money is by debt? Yeah. He says, don't use your own money. He said, why would I use my own money? So I just get, I use the bank's money. But other gurus are saying, you know, it's coming. Don't go into debt. I personally wouldn't go into debt. No, I wouldn't choose that way of debt is a killer, you know? It can eat you alive. I want bankrupt years ago. No, I understand that. You want to go bankrupt. It's like you have a different perspective. Yes. Well, when you've lost everything, you have to humiliation of other people deciding whether... When I was married at the time. And they said that they could take the wedding rings because the wedding rings were actually part of the... When I heard that, I couldn't believe it. But that was like a real eye opener when I heard they could take the wedding rings away. So for me, at all, I'm coincident with literally losing everything. And the woman, the woman judge, I think she looked at me and was actually sorry. Because during the conversation, you know, so what about your wife, Ro? My wife left. And the house is worth, the house is in foreclosure. And what about income? I don't have any. You know, so literally I went through a lost soul. It was a terrible time at that time. Lost all my work. Lost marriage. Lost house. And I was living in a warehouse. Yeah. So... What year was it? 2008 was... That was like that for me. Oh God, what year was it? It's a while now. Because I came here in 2013. It must have been around 2008. Really? Yeah, I think everyone had a horrible year that year. Yes, when the real estate market just... I was a horrible lot. I lost my job, my wife, my house. Right. So that time, probably, you were probably reading as I was, you were reading about whether you could be forced to pay for your house if they couldn't provide you notes. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And remember that? The man was living in that time. And he actually got a colossal size house. Two million, a two million dollar house. Yeah. And they took him to court for not paying his mortgage. And he said to the judge, I am more than willing to pay my mortgage. But I just want to know that if I'm paying money to someone, do they own the house? Yeah, yeah. And he got away with it. I don't know whether he got away with paying for the house because eventually, that was like a test case. And they quickly realized that the ship was going to have to file it.