 The Philippines versus Indonesia, AFC World Cup qualifiers, they're already starting the qualifiers. And it's only 2023. 2023, but you gotta plan. If you want one step ahead, if you're not three steps ahead, what do you do in your life? Yeah, you, that's soccer is just all revolved around qualifying for the World Cup. And then there's like five other cups going on at the same time that you'll start to qualify. But Philippines versus Indonesia, if you wonder why we chose this game, it's two countries we've traveled through recently. So we thought we'd check it out. You can check out our travel vlog channel, link in the description below, and a pinned comment to see our travels in both those countries. Supposing Indonesia blogs right now, and we have tons of Philippines stuff already up there. Let's do this, here we go. In the first 20 minutes of the game, the Asgles played well defensively, and they were able to create chances after chances in the final third. Which one is the Asgles? I'm not sure. I said Asgles in the top right corner. Peace, worldwide. I shot a shot. I like the, yeah. Chicks to go. Oh, well, we know where it is. Oh, wow. I say. I think this could have been an old goal, almost, Armand. This is an end swinger. He goes far stick. Oh. Looking to lay it off the road. I think our rogling has got some room to run. He's got men on either side. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. It's a current. Yes, he's a current. He bound. That's exactly what I'm talking about. He's a little pressure on the group. So look at that. I can't stay. I can't stay. Wait. You're on the field, buddy. Mike Yod. Mike Yod. He's the white team's going to a lot of shots on goal. Is they being closed right now? Oh, yeah. And in the 23 minute mark, the Asgles finally scored the opening goal of the match. This process again. Oh, what about? Duration. That is, Benny. One now to the Philippines. Patrick Rysho. Great defense in the middle. Great defense in the middle. Great team defense. Indonesia has nowhere to go. And we pick out an error pass. Indonesia has been playing. Oh, wow. So far from what we've seen, the Philippines has been dominating. They get all the shots. It's in the middle. But the shot went wide. Oh, strike. Oh, strike. Oh. And before the halftime break, the Asgles had a couple more opportunities to get that second goal. I'm going to have to run. Oh, good ball. Oh, that would've been a six play. Orteria. It's a three hopper and an easy grab for an undoughting. In the 60-minute mark, Asgles had a run into the box, but they weren't able to capitalize. There's a two-root pickball with Rysho. They're in the middle. Rysho, can he turn and shoot? Rysho! Oh, size it. And just minutes later, Indonesia was able to attack the box. And one of their players was left unmarked to receive a pass, scoring the equalizer of the match. Oh, dang. That was a nice shot. He was very excited. So frustrated. Saddeel Ramdani and Seth the away man's interrapter. Golly had no chance on that one. After that goal, they were able to get a couple more chances to take the lead. That's now it's back back in. Oh, the same amazing save. Big job, Neil. Salayman. Meanwhile, Asgles was able to answer back with a great chance of their own. The Jolo Bouga is here. Bouga center board! Oh, if you did that a little bit of a better touch on that. In the last remaining minutes, both teams were able to exchange gold and chances for a game winner. There's a little bit of an intense match to watch. It just wasn't there. The shirt looked absolutely so. Oh my god. I mean, if this is in the Philippines, so hot. Oh, look, look, look, look. Oh, look, look, look. Oh. Ooh. Boi, their kick last touch in the knee, yeah. Dang. We saw this heart, man. We saw this heart, man. Oh, he's got quite the run-up going for this. Whoa, he's got a champion. Oh. Oh. No! The defense there also, my cycle. I think he can play the back one twice. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Hmm. You know how the chances in that game are pretty crazy. Wow. That seems like a pretty intense game, like to sit there and rooting for one of those teams like you're watching the whole thing. And then it gets down to the final minute and there's crossbar. Just chances, bag and board. That would be so intense. We just watched the five minute. We just watched the highlights, the four minute highlights, obviously, but wow. Intense last minute is right. That's the title of this video. So let us know if there's some other games like this from other countries or Indonesia or the Philippines that we should check out in the coming days and weeks. We'd love to check out. We'd love to check out. Yeah. So, well, if you enjoy, subscribe, like the video, check out the travel vlogs and our travels in Indonesia and the Philippines and we'll see you in the next one. Bye.