 Hello everybody and welcome to the content Junkie. I'm back in the Philippines. I'm gonna hear this amazing artist. Honestly, this guy, I just saw it pop up on WeChat. I had someone else had posted it and it's amazing. I've caught like, I think about 15 seconds of it, so I'm gonna watch the rest and react to it. We're gonna jump into it straight away guys. This is it. And it, my heart will go on, feeling, naming, behang, burko lang. Yeah, that's my Filipino for you there. I'm probably completely wrong. So let's jump in. Here we go. Wah. I already know what to expect. Peace. Peace. cakes. the Okay, I'll pause it just as it built there's a build up there Why this this just makes me really happy um the guys I'm standing that may not I I already heard a little bit of it But come on guys guys Oh, you know, I've been in love with peanut peanut Filipino culture when I was living in Dubai I told you that I mentioned in previous videos. I used to date a Filipino girl and we were actually engaged but that didn't last sadly, but the There was so many Filipinos all working in the hotels working on stage singing and it was just this infectious Happiness everything was happy all the time and you guys just love singing and then I knew that the culture you love singing here But it's it's amazing honestly, it's so amazing. There's just more and more talent and this is crazy and it's just sat down and everyone's just having a great time brilliant honestly brilliant So No Thirty-way So I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. Here we go. Come on. Come on. Come on. Yes. Hey. We're going to be alone. We are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the Most Ofっぽlm G Records near the end, he was just letting over a picking up his drink. I think it was, or picking up something. I don't want it worse. Like, oh, wow, wow. I need to actually travel to the Philippines and just walk around and listen to all of you sing in different places. And yeah, I have nothing else to say. I don't need to say anything else other than, you guys, you're amazing, from children, female singers, female singers, in unique ways. And it is something crazy about the power that you can produce. It's honestly amazing. Guys, I'm just going to leave it there. If you have made this far, obviously you enjoyed the video. I do have my own channel. I do have my own videos where I do covers and stuff like that. I've been a musician for years, travel around the world, all different stuff, working in hotels and cruise ships. I don't class myself as the world's most amazing singer. This guy is a better singer than me, by far. But I love music. It's been my life for a long time and I'm making living from it. So yeah, if you wouldn't mind just go there. And if you could just watch it for a minute, let me know what you think. And you be doing me a massive favor for my channel. Okay, guys, and I'm just going to leave it there. I've been Scott. This has been the content junkie. Thank you very much. As always, these singers are amazing. Thank you. Bye-bye.