 Previously. So it's morning again here in the Philippines province. It's a nice, nearly all-tring the plants. So we have more work to do today in the garden. Some of us definitely hear in the Philippines now. Just right time for it to open to foreigners. Foreign tourists are allowed in. It's a good time. A good time to come and visit. We love it here in the Philippines. It's our home. We're going to be here forever. Jane and me are going to be outside. Doing a bit of gardening again. Good way to spend the morning. Good for your hours in the morning anyway. Sex or size, get some fresh air, get some sun. If you can see, I've got a bit too much sun to even this out somehow. But it's all good. And someone asked me, is it too hot to come to the Philippines? Is it unbearable? Well, it might seem that way at first. But after a few months, it's really not. It's really bearable. It's really fine. There's not things you could do to try and keep cool when you've got a nice natural breeze that we have here. It definitely helps. Oh wow, look at these flowers here. Jane loves her flowers. I need a beautiful. I'm going to be here. It's time to get warm out there. Just waiting for Jane to finish. I've got my towel. Very useful. You can sweat off your face. And like a lot of Filipinos do, you can put it. Then you're back to stop the sweat and then your neck. It helps if you put it in your collar. Stop the sweat on your back. Also, it would actually look if in the sun. So, it's about 9 o'clock. It's about as it's school. Jane and I are going to be doing gardening. So Jane learnt from her father all those years ago how to do this. It's all of the Philippines. It's got a Philippine farmer who will have one. Jane learnt from her father. This is something I need to learn to do myself. How to do bamboo. How to work with such instrument. This sounds like someone's sewing. But I get this. I buy the fence. I buy a wall. Get no halfie puffy. What are you getting? No halfie. So this is a carry. It's not a carry. And wow, look at this. Every day. Every day this papaya seems to change and develop. Just overnight the flowers and I have disappeared in and the fruits come and bloom. It's just incredible reading. You're in. Where did you come in? Are you cream? Cookies outside still. You're creamy, you. Creamy boy. Are you cream or you creamer? Creamy. Creamy. Creamy. Is that feeling good? Cream. Cream are you okay? Yes, I am. It's a matter. It's a matter, huh? It is cream. Are you sure? Yes. It's a matter. It's like it's me like you're crazy. I'm feeling well. You're right, cream. It's a matter. You normally response quite easily, quite often. Creamy. Creamy. Cream is not well. Creamy boy. Come on. Did you eat? Toss you not to skip eating the grass. Creamy. Creamy. Creamy. Creamy. Creamy. Creamy boy. Creamy boy. Creamy boy. Creamy boy. Creamy boy. Creamy boy. Creamy boy. Creamy boy. Creamy boy. Creamy boy. Creamy boy. Creamy boy.payging. Creamy boy. Crying. Crying. Crying. Crying. Crying. Crying. Still going on mental training? Crying. Gorging. Crying. Crying. Maybe he's playing lips because he's putting food in. Staying detox I am. Oh dear. There he is, tall. He just pretends it. World's greatest dog actor I didn't think it was cream start with he was a small ins me For it was cream the other white dog Good boy cream Who's a good boy There's the big faker is the king of the dog actors in his feature length movie How I got more food You know I cream you gonna play that again You're gonna play that again. Are you gonna play it? Is it a good is it a most is it a most? No, it's not a most So we have some string And he uses with the bamboo posts I'm have our own B.I.Y Climbing that trellis thing Good boy cookie Oh And get in Wow, I get these cobwebs there So these are the four beans I Didn't bring the scissors so we're gonna try the attack instead the attack is longer sharper It's like a machete or it is a machete even the bow low is a little hands Hand knife tool Use mainly for gardening. It's what I was using to harvest our sweet potato the other day And The whole beans there be eaten by something but they all start to climb Send me spider webs here credible like the all these webs here Hello, you step under me Oh Who said gardening is fun Yeah, put another string in the middle So his James Homemade trellis the beans the ball beans that is if they grow I love ball beans. It's my favorite vegetable they grow in fantastic We We do our power this time, but we still prefer having a barbecue outside Another thunderstorm get quite a lot of thunderstorms at a moment. It's so warm and humid That almost every day same time every day I have about 30 minutes of intense thunder Then it clears up a bit sometimes the rain goes and comes back But normally you get a nice quiet peaceful night and it breaks up the humidity But breaks up the hot weather a bit easy to sleep here. You got a nice breeze You can hear the restaurant on the background the flamera restaurant the flamera kitchen where we went last Saturday It's not very far from where we are So you can eat but well, we're not on or you can eat the moment one more like watch what you eat trying to lose a bit of weight We're gonna make a conscious effort to get in shape It's easy here because the food's so nice and there's so much that you really want to try Sometimes it's got things added that it's not so good for you But health rejoices we lose a bit of weight we're getting shape and we're gonna go traveling next month We have a few places we're gonna go to we're gonna show you Really can't wait it's been a little while since we've gone anywhere with a really nice beach and really nice water We're gonna go very soon Still need to finish this to buy we're going It's not the best grill is a temple in those just for now you enjoy barbecue in June Yeah, enjoy the connect side Yes I hope you You don't add much really just all the salt and pepper and a little bit of Himmler a little bit of love a little blob. That's all you need That's all you need to get by when you're adding all the goodies boys out of game They never stop wrestling these two You think cookie was the dominant one looking at them, but let me tell you cream when he's in the mood Cookie goes running Give a cream space He's enjoying it really Stop it cooking Again, I'm not sick and smell oh Lightning You can lighten it over there Don't have the fun there yet You can see by the sky it's like got that sort of ready color