 Christmas dinner Mayong Pasco Mayong Mayong Apun Mayong Apun Hello, Mayong Apun We're here with some man No, no, come start Let's go There's some sweets Hello That's kind of unexpected I didn't know you'd do this, Dad Merry Christmas for the kids Do you wear the hat? Oh, it's kids' no Wow, very cute Thank you Thank you Thank you Bye bye Bye bye Byeong Apun Wow, you're light Bye bye Oh no, no Bye bye Oh, he's a good doggy Merry Christmas, you don't need that You just need love Oh my god, I'm sweating so bad There's no heat outside That didn't make sense Oh my god, I'm sweating so bad There's no window inside It's super hot So I'm going to eat kaya or dori sasi Yeah, thanks I'm going to chill out a bit I want to introduce you to somebody He's a good friend of mine from Seabrew We used to hang out all the time when I used to live here Actually me, him and Charlie used to hang out We were called the tree stooge back in the day Di ba Andy His name's Andy, he's half Filipino also like me And he's an awesome guy Me Andy Hi guys Good morning, I'm Guseya Thank you How are you? I'm fine, I'm fine I'm fine Good morning, Guseya Good morning, Guseya Good morning, Guseya It's all yours, am I going to pick up those Thas incident stuff, right? Yeah, finally Andy, come to Switzerland Okay, then, Switzerland Yeah, you'll see them for 7 years You're right There you go party... Let's go to the aerosol Okay, bring the litres, bring the guitar No, I'm not that goodmann No, I want to bring the guitar la la la No, No This is Princess And her finger Huh? You want safari but she loves you, man? She loves you man. She loves me. Like all the ladies, they love me. No, no, no, no, no. I'm not going to get you. No, no, no, no. Look at the little dog. You're a sweetheart, aren't you? Hello. Oh my god. Dude, you live in good. Look at this. You got mini bar over here. Holy smoke, this is a nice house, Andy. Oh, look at this. You got the zander, the butter, the butter. There's some stuff over here. You've got this? No, I'm not. I'm cut to the lick. This is really nice stuff, bro. Hey, he's his favorite. Sunbeak Pilson. Do you have any light? Light, yeah. Sure. Oh, you're a legend. Thank you. I have a year-york. I just want to ice him in. Back in the olden days, me, Andy and Charlie used to be the tree's stooge. But Andy stayed out in Seaboo. And in Dairy Shouts. So every time I come to Seaboo, I visit my good friend, Andy. See me again. Oh, how much time? I'm seeing my good friend. I think is it correct to say that? I don't know. Speak, German. Speak, German. It's a good red minute, malutti. Size, good night, Adam. That's the red tag. Oh, my God, they're so funny. It's so multilingual, bro. That's awesome. Drink a beer, man. Where are we going? I have so sweaty. It's so hot there, it's a Seaboo. But in a guy like me. It's been so difficult to produce content lately because the internet is not so good up in our gout. And I have to travel quite a distance to upload. So, yeah, it's been quite the challenge. But I'm going to defeat this challenge nonetheless. I shall do it. I shall get there. So, you're on a cousins, right? Are we going to meet your cousins? Are they Bissaya? Bissaya, Bissaya, Bissaya, German. I have to get used to Bissaya. I've been here for a couple of weeks now. And I'm slowly getting to Bissaya back. Oh, instead of Taupo, I'm going to get on. So, it's just funny. It's like a mixture of Tagbisslish, Tagalog, Bissaya, English. Are you going to meet your cousins? I'm going to meet my cousins. I'm going to meet my cousins. Okay. I'm going to meet my cousins. I'm going to meet my cousins. I'm going to meet my cousins. I'm going to meet my cousins. I'm going to meet my cousins. I'm going to meet my cousins. I'm going to meet my cousins. I'm going to meet my cousins. I'm going to meet my cousins. I'll give up on you. Would you do it? Oh, do me too. Would you give up on you? Wait, wait, wait. What's the lyrics first? You sound me, I'm bound to change. Take my place. Oh, I'm a sibou. I'm a diariko, a laion. I'm a sire, a puso, a kokusi. What long one? Oh, one man. He's a puso. I'm a sire, a puso, a kokusi. What long one? Oh, I'm a sibou. I don't have a girlfriend. Thank you for watching. And for liking and subscribing. I love you, Kaya. I love you, Kaya. You're a girl. I'm a dearest girl. I love you but I'm a girl. So in your I love all of you Countdown Countdown Countdown Let's see what you have You have to do it You have to do it You have to do it You have to do it You have to do it You have to do it You have to do it You have to do it You have to do it You have to do it Yummy You are so cute No, don't touch the left Princess Princess Princess She's really good in camera She's really good in camera Make up here Princess Princess This is the Bessiah The Gallo Challenge With me, Queenie And my Bessiah Swiss friend Andrew I forgot my hair Because this is my Bessiah Swiss friend Andrew Rouge Okay, let's do it What's your name? What's your favorite food? What's your favorite food? What's your favorite food? What's your favorite food? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? I am handsome You're so good You're so good I'm good I'm good I love you You're good I don't know how to do this I'm good I'm good What are you thinking? What do you think? What are you thinking? What are you thinking? I'm thinking I'm thinking What are you thinking? I need to pee Why are you crying? You're crying? How do you do that? Daniel, what have you done today? I'm hungry What are you doing today? Today, I'm doing a lot of work because I'm in bed. I'm in the afternoon. You? I'm in the afternoon. And then, if I eat the food that I eat, I'll wrap it up and I'll eat the meat. I'll eat the princess's food. It's a cute, cute princess. I'll eat the meat as well as the meat. You eat the meat or the noodles. Yes, the meat is delicious. It's delicious. It's delicious. You eat it because you have a lot of meat. I have a lot of meat. I have a lot of meat. I have a lot of meat. I'm so hungry. I have a lot of meat. King Kong. King Kong and Bun Bun. I know that it's a good thing to do. I've been to the first place. I've been to the second place. Bun Bun. He gave me a plan. What did we do yesterday? I was born in Bahá'ini, Andi. Andi, the king of Switzerland, Calatica, Filipino, Switzerland. I'm going to the second place. Andi and Queenie, because they're the best friends of me. So I'm going to the second place. I'll eat the chicken curry, the meat curry, the meat curry. And then, Andi, and Yon, Yon, the meat is really delicious. I go to the beach. I go to the beach. Daniel, he's my first time in history. I go to the beach. Daniel, I have to go to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. Where? In the kitchen. But Daniel is going to the beach. Oh, God. I'm going to the beach. So, do you want to go to the beach? The beach? Okay, to big. To big. Daniel, my girlfriend, Kabang Ayon. Next question, Paul. We have to do it here on my phone because we ran out of memory. I know, I want to go to the beach. I want to go to the beach. I want to go to the beach. I want to go to the beach. I want to go to the beach. I want to go to the beach. Requirements for the beach. The important thing is to go to the beach. There is a beach. There is a beach. There is a beach. The children are going to the beach. I want to go to the beach. I want to go to the beach. Oh, God. Thanks, Paul. Thanks. Thanks, Paul. I'm sorry, I was going to the cellphone. I ran out of battery and I don't have to charge it for my camera. So, Yon, that is the Save the Gallup Challenge. This is Andy, this is Queenie, and we bid you a duet. Salamad Posse, and you're gonna have a big round. Thank you.