 Have you adapted any Filipino habit into your daily life? I feel like I became a little bit more humble patient, but here what I discovered about myself, I started singing unconsciously. And before that, before Shurgao, I was always like, no, I'm a city girl. I love Filipino people. Guys, I'm here with... Elise. How long have you been the Philippines and where you from? I'm from Belarus, it's Eastern Europe, and I've been here a little bit longer than a year, but like on off. So I come here, I live, I come here again for a few months and I live. Okay. And how living in the Philippines have changed you as a person? Good question, actually. I feel like I became a little bit more humble patient. You know, it's like people here, they're a little bit slower, I feel like than not in a bad way. Then in Europe, less stress, less like fast pace, they have to go somewhere, they're like, so I don't know, very stressed all the time. It feels like, and here people are more like slower and even traffic, you think about it. It slows you down, you have to think, you have to be like, okay, now I'm on my own, I don't know, with a taxi driver, and you're like just alone with your thoughts. Because after sometime you're tired of your playlist. So yeah, I feel like I'm just more... I'm slower, I'm more chilling. I guess that's it. Okay. And let me ask you this, like, what do you love the most about the Philippines? What I like the most? What do you love the most about the country? Well, I want to say the weather, but actually I hate sweating. Okay. But I do love summer, like, all year. So it's people, they're warm, it's like common knowledge, everyone knows that. I really love mango. I like the lifestyle. I love that I have swimming pool and the gym in my condo. It's so convenient. You can just go downstairs and swim before your work, I work remotely. So it's so easy before starting your work, they just go there. Like, nowhere in Eastern Europe I can do that. You have to drive somewhere to go to the gym or to go to the pool. So it's a really nice lifestyle here. And I feel like foreigners that you meet here, they have similar stories, similar interests. And yeah, it's just cool. How often do you get to travel in the Philippines? And what is your favorite island so far? So I've been to, obviously, Boracay, obviously El Nido. Those are like two, you must visit those when you just get here. Then I've been to Sikior. I've been to Shargawa. Yeah, I've been to the places already. But my favorite is Shargawa, I think. It's just so, yeah, it's just, it's a special vibe. I feel like I can even move there. And before that, before Shargawa, I was always like, no, I'm a city girl. I need Starbucks. Exactly, yeah, I'm a big city girl. It's out, it's bad. I'm not like that, I swear. And then I got there and I haven't seen anything yet. So I just got out of the airport and I'm like, yeah, I can move here. All of a sudden I just felt this vibe connection. Wow, I really sound so bad. I'm not like that. I just sound like that. Anyway, yeah, it's just nice. It's just like, I really love that the port is there until 12. And then you're not tired, you don't have hangover next day. You just go surf, I'm not surfing, I'm bad at it, but I want to learn. It's just this lifestyle, like healthy, you know? You party and then you go surf, you have time for work, you have energy to work. And it's just nice balance. And let me ask you this before we go. In the message to the Filipinos watching us right now. I love Filipina people. I really wish you guys embrace your culture. I really love seeing how you decorate even Christmas trees. It's like this simple example that just got into my mind. You know how you decorate it with shells or the lambs with shells? Or this little ribbon it's called? This lamp bulb? Yeah, it's like this with the fabric. They're typical fabric. Or when they wear typical clothes. I love it. I love it because it's something that you never see somewhere else. And I know that Filipinos were colony of so many countries like America, Spain and Japan. So you see those cultures a lot. But I really love seeing the Filipina culture. So I wish them to embrace their culture, their models, their appearance, their everything. And they're cool people. So be proud of this and show it more. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. I appreciate for your time. Thank you so much. Where are you from and for how long have you been in the Philippines? From Russia I arrived here a couple of weeks ago but I used to live here before COVID. So I've spent three years before. Three years. And how living in the Philippines have changed you as a person? I think it teaches you to be more open, relaxed. Is it going because in Russia we tend to be a bit reserved, like from the first sight. So yeah. Okay. So since you lived here before like three years ago and then you came back, how is the Philippines from three years ago? Like now from, I mean from two years ago? I think it's still the same. I mean I used to live in the same area. So some of the of my favorite restaurants are gone but that's okay. People are still same, nice, friendly, open. Well there are some drawbacks. It's everywhere but overall I really enjoyed. Are you living in the Philippines? Yeah, I live in the Philippines. And what is like living in BGC? What is BGC for foreigners? It's totally safe. I mean previously when I lived here I used to just walk around in the night time so it's absolutely fine. Well it's super expensive. I mean I can compare it to Moscow. I think it's even a bit more pricey. Yeah. Lots of fun like this. Like markets. Yeah. Okay. And my last question. Since you kind of lived here before, right? Have you adapted any Filipino habit into your daily life? I've started singing. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I've been singing for a while so I've never done it before. And I would never sing somewhere in front of people but here what I discovered about myself, I started singing unconsciously because my colleagues told me actually I was singing in the office and I was like, no. Sorry. Yeah. So that's probably one of the main changes. I've become more, you know, is it going? It's much easier for me to start talking to people somewhere on the street. I smile a bunch more than before. So I think that's the main change which Philippines will make to you. Yeah. Like I have a Russian friend once she told me that Calvin, like he and the Philippines, whenever I see someone I'm just smiling and when I went back to Russia, if I smile, people they would be like, why are you smiling? What's wrong? I mean, you'd encounter that counter shock as well? That's so true, yes. So here if you just walk on the street and somebody like you make an eye contact, it's absolutely fine to smile and it doesn't have any hidden agenda. So in Russia, if I would be smiling and people on the streets, they would think I'm crazy, probably. So, you know, that's a big change when I came back. I really had to adapt back to our normal way. I think you still keep that lighter sense of, you know, feeling lighter spirits. Have you gone to any other side just in Manila? Yeah, I've traveled quite a bit here. What is your favorite island? My favorite, I really enjoyed Batanis. It's of the North Coast. I love Del Nido and Palawan. I think Boracay, what everybody loves, but it's super touristy, but still beautiful. Yeah, it's probably my top three. Any advice would you give to a foreigner that wants to come to the fallopian, maybe just to visit or even to stay? Just be open and be ready to embrace, you know, local culture, local way, because for me it was not easy to adapt at the beginning because I was working here when you're on vacation it's an entirely different story. But if you have to work here, we'd expect first that things will work in the same way as it used to be at home. No, it will not. So yeah, once you settle in, once you learn the peculiarity, the local mindset you'll be fine. Okay, guys, it's ready right now. So I say thank you so much and I appreciate for the time. Sorry, can you say that again? Yeah, just keep an umbrella in your bag. All the time. Okay, thank you so much, I appreciate for the time. Thank you, thank you. Can you mention the best island for you guys? Brachai Island, because I'm from there. Chargau. I love Chargau as well. For me that's also the best island. And just before we go, any advice would you give to a foreigner that wants to come to the fallopins? I don't know, like I think for any foreigner it's a fun place to be. If you love meeting nice people and new people, it's definitely the place to be. And if you love the sea, come here. What about you? Yeah, same. Same. For me, I think it's about getting to know locals, because that's how you'll really know the Philippines. And it's really beautiful. Thank you so much, I appreciate for the time. Please subscribe once again. This is your boy, Kevin Cash. You God bless me. God bless you. God bless us. Guess what? We go on.