 Okay, but what is the strategy? What's up Philippines? Welcome back to another reaction video with Nali. I am reacting today to a video that is educational. I am very curious to see where the future of the Philippines goes. I have experienced some drastic, drastic changes while living in the Philippines for three years. And I cannot wait to see where it's headed to. I think the future is very, very bright for this country. And today I am reacting to the Philippines' new strategy explained. So today we are going to learn something new with an educational video. Shall we? And here we go. On June 30th, 2022, the Philippines announced its once again transition of presidential incompancy. President Rodrigo Duterte would finally come out and announce his retirement from office. And the newly emergence of now president Bong Bong Marcos would take his job as the president of the Philippines. This change meant that the new president would now need to have money. His agenda for the coming six years while he is in office and what the Philippines would become after his tenure. Verdunant Ramblerald is Marcos Jr. as he is officially by birth known has been the light of much coverage. This is because of the fact that the president who preceded him was known for his ambitiousness. Former president Duterte initiated hundreds of billions of dollars worth of infrastructure projects to cultivate and change the very society of the Philippines. Okay, just a quick word. I am trying not to get involved too much in politics in general. Not just in the Philippines, also in Austria, Bosnia, where I am from, the US, but a lot of my friends are from. It can get very toxic. But I am going to look at this in a very objective way. Is it very much the same for President Marcos? Will we see the new leader of the Philippines expand the country's economy to boundless destinations? Well, let us take a look at what his goals are and what he has done so far in the months after he received the presidential seats. President Marcos is a prominent man. He has been in politics since 1980. Wow! As a vice governor for his hometown provincial region, with decades-long education in the industry, along with his father, who was often debated for his notorious dictatorship, has in many ways helped shape his leadership and public governance style. Therefore, we can thoroughly expect many waves of changes as he governs the country. Prior to his inauguration in office, President Marcos pledged to do many things and would form the strategy of his administration today. The most important factor in his strategy, as we can see, was going to continue then to present due to the Billed Billed Billed Program. Okay. This was the most crucial factor for the Philippines. Makes sense. The Philippines is a lagging nation when it comes to infrastructure developments. The country is ranked far below most emerging markets. To tackle this issue, Billed Billed Billed was initiated. The same report has indicated that with these infrastructural improvements, the Philippines will be able to reduce its poverty rates faster and improve the country's viability in becoming an upper middle income country. Yes, this is something that I read a lot about that the average income will increase by all of these infrastructure projects, of course. So it will have a huge effect on the Philippines, which is good. The next pledge of President Marcos was to make the Philippines a self-sufficient country when it comes to food. Interesting. Today, the Philippines imports a lot of agriculture-based products from Southeast Asia, rice, rice from Vietnam to Thailand, fruits from China, and wheat from the United States. Much of this has to do with the agricultural output that has not kept pace with the country's enormous and growing population. But that is not to say that it does not have an agriculture sector. It's applied just did not match its demand. The country's agriculture industry produces a lot of food and also stands among the largest exporters of different kinds. However, despite its tremendous output, their just is not enough to feed its entire 110 million population. To fix these, President Marcos was to increase the entire agriculture industry. In doing so, he wishes to fix the stability of the country by not just eating food that is produced locally, but also driving up these products for export purposes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Quick break. I know the thing about rice. It's very extreme to have all of these rice fields and then you're importing rice. I don't have that much insight into the details, like how much is there to feed the whole country because rice is such an essential part of everyday food for Filipinos. Fountain market roads. I don't know specifics, but I personally always try to support markets and the Philippines every time I am going out on the weekend to do my grocery shopping. I try to go to markets. Yeah, very curious to see how they're going to tackle this problem. This agriculture agenda is arguably the most important factor of President Marcos' new strategy. The President is doing this by pushing out his agenda of increasing the industry's budget, but also as he approached it by assigning himself as the Secretary of Agriculture, which may suggest how his agenda is to truly revolutionize the entire agriculture industry. The third most important agenda of his strategy is the global budget countries' energy sector. The big one. Yes, I'm here for that. Nice. Elon Musk. Yeah. I'm here for that. Wow. Nice. True, yeah. Yeah. I love this claim. I love this claim. Okay. Just say? Okay. Yes. Yes. Interesting. Yeah, it is. Yeah. One trillion dollars? Wow. Let me know in the comments down below what you think. Keep it respectful, though. And we know that some people who spoke about comes from beginning to end. This guarantee gives you better public people the garden. importance the government places on them. Either way, only time will truly tell what would happen to the Philippines. Anyway, what are your thoughts about the Philippines' new strategy? Let us know down below. That's just a video. Very good insights. Very good summary as well because as I said, I'm not very up to date with everything that is going on in politics. I personally think reading about it every day can be a little bit toxic, so I'm keeping my safe distance. But I do have some very loyal followers who sent me updates on a daily basis and just inform me about the most important changes in the country. Shout out to you guys, who I'm talking about. But yeah, this was a very good overview for me to understand where the Philippines is headed. And just, yeah, it's a very good understanding of what's going on. If you enjoyed this video, give it a thumbs up. Let me know in the comments down below what you think about these changes. As I said, please keep it very respectful. I'm trying to be very objective. I'm not taking any sides whatsoever. I'm neutral. I'm Libra. And if you're new to this channel, of course, subscribe, give me a thumbs up. No, hit the notification bell for the next video. Here are... What's a Philippines? I'll see you soon.