 Welcome back to Max reaction. How are you doing today? Hopefully you're doing good. I'm doing good. Families in there are going to spend some good family time with them a little later, but from now we're going to react together. Me and my subscriber family. Anyway, this is the reason behind the Filipino smile. So this was requested and I'm like, yeah, yeah, I want to know the reason. I have a pretty good idea of some of the reasons why Filipinos have such great smiles. There's probably a long list. We're going to check this out. You know, some of the reasons um Family definitely family family everywhere friends everywhere when I go to the Philippines and I visit my Filipino family Hopefully we'll live there one day, but right now it's just visiting here and there. Um lots of smiles lots of laps here lots of family time That is one good reason to Smile anyway, that's just one of many that I have a list of but we're going to check this out. It's not about what I think It's about what this video says then it's about what I think so let's check it out. Let's react together. Let's do this This is our story as a nation Looks like a bit type the big typhoon damage One nation beaten by so many storms Wow, look at that bridge Storm undead undead Undy Not sure Storm tipping pipping One after another man Do super storm yolanda and we did reactions to that it's Heart breaking heart breaking Pressevidence man perseverance People come together these are heroes, you know there's so many heroes We can fund war but can't feed the poor Oh Education not war and lurking at our very doorstep. Yes Definitely education is very important We've been broken by earthquakes You Shaken her injured wounded threatened wrong But we always bounce back and that's so true. It is so true Look at Takla Bonne for instance, it's bounce back with a roar Missed our mishaps we find You Reasons to love looking that they're in a flood getting married That's that's magical. I don't care what you say To help Look at all those people carrying the motorbike To save To care to love we can just keep going on with it Little smile look at that to find strength to smile Help us we need food They're playing basketball in a flood life goes on. That's right. That's right And I want to stop this for just a moment and it brings me back to a memory of a speech that many packy out gave and He visited your land and he's he's like, you know, I could donate this money and he probably did I don't know but that's not the point But he said it was more important to go out on the streets of Takla Bonne and play basketball With the young, you know, because that's that's your strength when you do something like that It's like holy cow. We have many pack man packy out here. He don't have to be you know, he's he's rich He's famous He don't have to be there, but he's there because he cares. He's there because By him playing basketball in the midst of all this disaster It gives hope it's it tells the young and tells the old and tells everybody it's gonna be all right Life is gonna carry on. Yes, we have these hardships. Yes, they come and go But guess what in the end we can still play basketball We we can still live our lives. We can still do the things that we love So you know, that's one reason I love many packy out Absolutely, love many packy out. I don't know if you watch my many packy out reactions if you have it Maybe you should but you know, it's not just many packy out It's part of being Filipino because we all know the history of the Philippines whether it be war Whether it be volcanoes, whether it be earthquakes, whether it be Typhoons whether it be You know terrorist attacks whatever it may be in the end. There's always press a variance. There's always The smile after maybe after the tears, you know um For me that's why Filipino smile because you know You know they're gonna get through it You know and in the end you get to play basketball with family friends you get to eat Street food with family and friends You can get past it you can also absolutely get past it I Love these pictures Absolutely love I missed our last we see opportunities We continue to live that's what I'm saying. That's what many packy out of saying as well We continue to smile This ending is like heartwarming I miss our affliction we unify Look at that little girl smiles that not heartwarming. It's heart melting Because this is who we are Why why Because Filipino spirit is waterproof now that doesn't inspire you Especially as a Filipino if that doesn't make the hairs on your arm rise if you have hairs or goosebumps or whatever You want to call if it doesn't it doesn't do those things for you then you're probably Not living because that was an inspiring video and it's true Filipinos are waterproof Everything and I want to say bullet proof because it's a bullet what does a bullet proof vest do It deflects stuff Bad things come at you like bullets they hit they may I don't know if they deflect but they they absorb it or they bounce off And you continue on to what you are doing and That that basically describes you know the the Filipino people Because of all the things I've previously stated between the wars and all that of the stuff I stated So that's an inspiring video. I think every one of you should watch it I think every one of you should get excited about it Yes, it showed a bunch of bad horrible terrible disasters But in the end what did we see what do we see in these people in these pictures? What were they doing? They had a smile on their face whether they were hungry whether they were tired whether they lost everything in the end There's a smile, you know, and sometimes it takes a long time to get To be able to smile, you know For instance, you know, I lost a brother when he was 29. I didn't I didn't want to I didn't want a smile I was confused. I felt Sad like I almost have tears coming down right now. I do it was just his Five-year death anniversary. So he's been dead for five years. He's my younger brother. He had three kids But you know You can get past these things and I smile the day. I smile a lot a lot of things make me smile his kids make me smile You know my family makes me smile Sometimes you need to cry to be able to smile But anyway Then it gets better and you can smile. So those are my thoughts Those are my feelings. What's yours? If you want comment down below. I'll see you next time. Peace