 Okay, so this was linked a lot. They said Americans versus Filipino singers, so American singers versus Filipino singers. You know, I never got to it because it's kind of like a like, you know, they're all amazing. That's just how I see it, right? And I can't choose. But someone did say after like getting linked so many times, someone linked it with saying, you don't have to choose. We just want you to witness in comparison. Not saying who's better than who, obviously you guys can choose and you know, have your own opinion. But they were like comforting me and like, you know, you don't have to choose between. You just can kind of see like the comparison and kind of like see the beauty in both. I was like, smart way to look at it. So of course, I'm going to check it out now. So come join me, American singers versus Filipino singers. High notes. Let's check it out. Mmm. So Demi, Ariana. Tori Kelly. I'm a chorizo. What a set. I don't know. I've seen her before. Yeah, Demi, I already know all about Demi. Oh my man. She went through a lot. What a set, Bro. There's something natural about my head, but I can only say I look for myself. Crazy Man I Seen a Jonas there on a piano I see this one Dog We already know area on is there bro, but then what is that? You can't choose man you can't Oh, I love this performance Oh I need a reactor more bro Oh I mean Oh Bro, it's impossible you literally just can't choose Oh No, bro, no I Can't I can't choose who's my favorite not happening. I'm not choosing but I'll leave it up to you guys You can go ahead and choose and you know have your opinions civil please relax Okay, but to me I just can't choose this is serious. I'm not trying to be biased here. I'm just telling you the truth I can't choose you know I've always like listen to Ariana all my life. I've listened to you know Demi Lovato I've listened to Tori Kelly and all of these singers are fantastic But then you you bring Filipino singers and they're just on a different level of Amazingness and then you have to choose I can't do it. I would just say personally for me both are incredible Like the best I can't live without one or the other man They're all incredible and they'll have this very uniqueness type of like thing to them that I just I can't choose I can't choose I can't but if you guys need to or want to go ahead in the comments you can choose right be Civil once again, you know, I love this man I love witnessing kind of like the both beauties kind of like how the person recommended this video to me They they kind of comforted like you don't have to choose you can just see the beauties in both and how like they can Really go high and how the notes are in comparison and I was like all right boom we see exactly that and it is phenomenal, I mean my face bro. It's like I was doing like the the stanky face you guys know about the stank face like when something so good You're just like oh my kind of like that. So yeah, amazing, bro I loved it and also I love you guys and I want to say thank you so so so much for watching I really do appreciate it I if you liked it leave a like if you loved it subscribe if you want more let me know down the comments below And yeah, till next time guys Peace