 Good morning you guys, we are just about to board our plane. Good morning you guys. First time in SABU. Hello SABU, here. My first time. Our first time in SABU was well and not just for fun, so the part of our journey together starts where everything is going to be not just for fun, but even for the two of us. Now you can really say we love to lose on. Finally guys, we love to lose on for the first time. Hello. Hello SABU, I'm Susie, that's me. It's really very cognizant. Just arrived to SABU and someone knows us, that's nice. That's so surprising. Surprising, guys, we are stopping on SABU for the first time. I need to learn my Viziah, you know. The only thing I know in Viziah is IO IO. What does? And I'm not even exactly sure what that means. It's like ingot or something like that. We will take a bus or we are trying to take a bus to the city center, but first look at the airport, it's so different, that in money life is like so. Like peaceful and green around here. It's a very cute airport actually. And just the whole area is nice, full of plants and quite peaceful. And I think this is our bus. As a dear Yuki's catch-camey, it looks like the bus has in catch-camey. In our home city in Hungary. Yes. It's a very cute catch-camey. It's a very cute catch-camey. Okay. Guys, we arrived with the bus to SABU. It's not the city site, SABU. There's two SMs here. SABU city, SABU or something where we are right now. We want to buy some food and some more supplies. Just from this ride throughout SABU, the first look, the first impression is that it's not crowded and very clean. And have like kind of like a chill vibe even though it's like a city. Ah, there we are. We are getting distracted from our go-to-get food. There's a lot of cool local fasts and low-bong. Thank you guys. We just came to the food court and there are so many local food that is unfamiliar and like a lot of seafood and great food. It's so fun to say that the food selection is so different here. That's a grilled fish and seafood and sea salt. It's so much fun. I got a mung bean soup here guys. We have fish, pili, cigarettes, faly, has fancy fun. We're taking big-ferred cigarettes. I don't know. I don't know. It's a bit messy. No, no. It's a bit messy. It's like a little boomer. It's a bit messy. It's a bit messy. It's like a pizza. Pizza is very easy to cook. It's like a little bit of a fun food because the things are puffy like a boba. It's like tiny grease. You guys, it's so cool. Even at hard time deciding I kind of want to try everything. So many seed food options, so many vegetable options that all the food court. There's no way I will be staying hungry in the sub. The food is mung bean soup. Guys, I take my secret sauce. The fanny food. The fanny food. Mmm, so cool. It tastes like awesome. It's a bit spicy. I don't know what to eat. It's like a vegetable. It's a bit spicy. It's like a vinegars. It's a bit spicy. It tastes like the awesome. Love it, you guys. Look at me. This is your first time in Sibyaki. I came to Sibyaki. I'm very happy to see you. What's going on, Sabu? You guys are the sweetest. Shout out to all of our subscribers. This is Sabu Yoghars, the sweetest. I've been in Sabu for less than an hour and a matter of you guys. It's like a record number in a day. Forty guys are the best. We are trying to walk to our accommodation from the mall. It turns out that it's just a kilometer away. So at least we can also see the streets of Sabu. I kind of expected it to be more monolagic, but it's definitely more similar to like bigger cities in Pampanga or Cabernacle City. It's wide and nice. I like it. It's so much traffic. We checked into our accommodation. We will rest a bit until it's not so hard to walk around and explore Sabu anymore. So this is a room for three. This is a bed one. And then we can sleep there. We're not in panic. We can use this bed. We rest and then fresh and done. And we are riding. It's one of those little mini bus jiffies like the ones in Manila. And more dirty people. Yeah, it's the modern jiffies. I love it so far. It's been so easy to commute here. Like, you just walk out and even there's buses, jiffies so easily. Yeah, we don't have to drive out. Yeah, so far it's been so easy. I love it. Extra good because it's raining. Maybe. I mean, based on my few hours of experience, I had in Sabu. I would have proved. I think I've already done it. I got the job. You guys. So we are trying to make it to some tourist spots like the Magalan's crossing stuff. But we saw from the mini bus that we are riding through our little palanquin. We can't miss that. Everything is so cute. Every market area we pass through, so far in Sabu, that I've seen, like, the fruits are organized so cute. They're like in this little bus. Mango is in the shade here. It's about a kilo. You guys. Oh, it's not me. It's just a small bus. Yeah, it's fun. It's like what's that. It's comatis. So per tomatoes, it's green. Mango is in this. It's 80 pesos per kilo. At the home, it's 160. 160, for half a kilo. You guys. I know it shouldn't be a surprise because all this we are in Missaia area now. And all the fruits are from Missaia or Mindano area of the Philippines. The cool fruits that I like, the most like, marang, mangosteen. It's of course cheaper in this area, but I was just so surprised to see suddenly that it's just 80 pesos per kilo. Fun, it can also try. I'm so happy to see you. I'm so happy to see you. I'm so happy to see you. I'm so happy to see you. Wow, it's so nice. It's a little bit like a mango. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. What's your name? My name is Chava Niu. What's your name? My name is Chava. My favorite fruit, not just in the Philippines, but my favorite fruit, like, ever. It's nice and fruity. I have one also. I don't know how I'm going to say it. It's so fruity. You guys are first mangosteen. Oh, this is nice. It's so good. It's so very tasty, man. I see you. No! Chava Niu, mangosteen. It was masarap. There. I wonder how masarap is. It was masarap. I wonder how masarap is. How masarap is. Masarap is a masarap. Lami. Lami. Lami. Lami. How did you know? I was thinking of you. I was thinking of you. I was thinking of you. Lami. I was thinking of you. Lami. Lami. Lami. Lami. Lami. Lami. Lami. Lami. You can. No, I was going to be so happy to find a few pieces of marangir. It's everywhere. Like, rocks. Like, rocks loaded with marangus. It's awesome. It's awesome. It's awesome! Fun is favorite. You're in love with name. You're in love with name. You're in love with name. Mine and your daughter's wife. Mine is fabulous. It's fantastic. And, what? Being in love with name. Winnie And tonnes on love. I liked its flavor. It is always happy to see Kalaman's fingers. Is'nt it happiness to have it? It is always happy to see Kalaman? Dance in the heart of thatCat. So interesting. You guys look like I can. TheCat. You guys look like I can. She doesn't repeat anything. TheCat is really different. See. But, you guys look like I can. TheCat is really different. The jeep is a bit different, the market view is a bit different. It's too cool. We are approaching one of the tourist spots of the area now, which is Maggelaun's cross. So it's like a ferry. Historically significant spot here in the Philippines. Oh, it's here. So that's so cool that this was the very spot where Maggelaun planted his cross as they were traveling, exploring with this huge cross trying to convert the locals into the Christian religion. It's so like not even significant to just local history, but like even if you don't learn about the Philippines history, you definitely learn about Maggelaun. So that's so cool that you can see life. So like significant spot just here. The whole environment is so cool. It's like a nice park area. And actually what they don't always teach like in other countries, like of course like Bacat from Inhangari that Maggelaun actually died here in the Philippines, was killed by La Pula Po. So it's another like historical detail that people who are not from the Philippines might not know. So funny like the two-comber that is recycled from a car tire. So cute. And it is for some Pedro. So cool that it's not just like the fort in the middle of the streets, but there's a so beautiful park around it with beautiful trees. This is the perfect activity in Sabu. You guys just sit at the beautiful environment of the fort and eat the best fruit ever. Honey love the mangoes. Our adventure is discovering Sabu continues. Now we are trying to get to the other SM which is the big famous SM as I heard about it. That it's also one of the biggest moes of the Philippines after the ones in Manila. SMC site. SMC site, but it's like three or four kilometers away. Just three kilometers away. Right now we are not as lucky with the random public transportations. We didn't find any so far, but at least we see a lot of Sabu while walking around, both main roads inside roads, everything. It's like got a tricycle. Funny like the Palenca sisters because the vegetables are so big and round. The tricycles here are somewhat different than it. And half of the show costs you street. Yeah, it's not different. It's like a little like a pedicub, but it's motorized. It's completely different. We made it you guys. This is SMC site, one of the biggest moes of the Philippines. I guess the biggest that is not in Manila. It's like that that's our we have to. We have to go in the middle. We are trying to find a food, but first we are trying to find some cybersome because from this mouse broke and then she can't work tomorrow anymore if she don't have one. So we will, while exploring SMC site, we will try to find a new mouse. We are here. Miraculously we found the cybersome. That's a lot of walking. I'm glad it's dark. We need to find hungry. This mul trips lately like Mordor Fegeyaster, the SMC site today, it's like a hiking. Like an indoor hiking adventure. Here mom. Mom, mom, here. Oh mom, mom, mom. Here mom, cheap mom. This mom. This one. Oh, as if you want. That's cheap. Cheap mom, small. Cheapest. Oh, this is cheaper. Cheap mom. We need to ask if they have one with the bowl. You want to retro one with the still a bowl not to sell door, no? I think I choose the pink. But thank you. She just need a disposable temporary mouse, but this is going to get the more expensive one just for the color. Girls things. Girls things. Very cheap. She has a reason. Still very cheap. What plug does it have mom? USB port mom. Mom. Cool. She has two health or employees. We're off this yummy seafood you guys that they seem to sell in all food courts in Sabu. We got some crab mixture, calamari and a very nice looking vegetables. Very good found. Panne is enjoying a pizza. I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of