 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today we are reacting to top 10 deadliest animals in the Philippines. Just my favorite. Watching deadly animals and being terrified the rest of the day. I'm sure there's going to be a spider in here somewhere. I know there's going to be a spider because spiders kill. Yes, spiders are disgusting. But apparently a lot of people like the spiders for fighting. So which threw me off. Oh my gosh, this is top talking about it already. You're already rubbing your arms. Guys, before we hop into this video, if you would go ahead and give us a like, it'll definitely help this video get out to more people. Also, if you would click the subscribe button and the bell notification icon that way you guys can stay informed on the next videos that we post. And if you'd like to help support the channel even more, you can click the join button down below. So let's hop in and check these deadly animals out. Yeah, let's go. Not looking forward to this one. And if you guys are wondering why we hit Philippines twice today, both of these videos were highly requested. Today's video. Top 10 deadliest animals in the Philippines. It's a soothing voice. Today, when we'll talk about the most dangerous and in some cases deadliest animals, you will find in the Philippines. The Philippines is a tropical country known for its great beautiful beaches and islands and majestic nature views. But what are the creatures hiding behind these exquisite sites? Dun dun dun. Let's get started. And in point eight, I will share information on a shocking killer. So... Faz got a birthday cake and the mail. And when he opened it, these butterflies flew out. They weren't real butterflies. I was supposed to record it. I forgot to. This is the face that he made. Yeah, that's about it. Keep watching to the end. About butterflies. Number one, venomous spiders. Oh. There are nineteen species of spiders found in the Philippines. While most of these species are harmless, you should avoid the black widow and the red back spider. The black widow spider can be seen in fence posts, sheds, or a... That's a common one in the United States. And burrows. Black widow spiders generally prey on insects, but you will experience nausea, muscle pain, mild diaphragm paralysis, and difficulty in breathing after they bite you. And death. The red backspirabytes are not really good. Look at those eyes. It's actually one of the least immune systems symptoms that you don't actually die from. You can. Number two, poisonous scorpion. Like the odds of dying... Is that literally just watching something about it from a black widow is like literally like one in a million? I had to be sick. I was in Oklahoma one time and I was sleeping on a couch and I woke up to a scorpion crawling across my chest. I've been stunned by scorpion. I haven't. We get a lot of you down in South Texas. They don't scare me for some reason. But they sting. The Philippines has various poisonous species of scorpion. They're so cool though. Yeah, I think they look awesome. There are over 10 different kinds of scorpion found in this country. One of them is the heterometrist long-germainus, which is also called the Asian black forest scorpion. I look stoked. These are the largest species with approximately seven to nine inches in length. Wow. These scorpions are characterized by their powerful and large pincers. That's long. A sting by a scorpion makes you feel extreme pain. It also causes redness and swelling that comes about five minutes afterward. Number three, deadly snakes. Like this is the one that you should actually be afraid of. Yeah. More than 170 species of snakes, but only 14 of these species are poisonous. The Philippine cobra or all the apongin. Out of 100 and something, only 14 are poisonous. Yeah, I don't know why it's such a low because on spiders, it's literally, in the United States, we basically have two actual poisonous spiders. The brown recluse and the out of all the other spiders. In their obvious, because brown recluses, you're not going to see just anywhere. Because they live on the ground and they're hidden all the time. And then the black widow, a black widow, literally a reclusive spider as well. They live in dark, damp areas. So like the spiders we have on our balcony, none of those are poisonous, but they are terrifying. Tagalog is generally called the northern Philippine cobra. This is a highly venomous species of spitting cobras commonly found in the north of the country. It is home to forested areas such as agricultural fields, grassland. This dude's got a face hole. What is that for? I can't remember what those are. Because it's not, it's throat. I can't exactly remember what that hole is for. That's weird. I bet you had somewhere, it's like a sensing or something or other. But again, snakes don't scare me. They're gorgeous. They're cool looking. They have like, they look like fighter jets. Like they're dope, especially something like this. I think this is a coolest thing. Yes, I'd be terrified if I was close to it, but at the same time, I would still, I respect it more than fear it. Let me put it that way. I respect it needs to be, you need to stay away from it. You don't mess with them. They're beautiful creatures. They're cool. And you just got to respect them. And dense jungles. Other venomous snakes found in this country are the Samar spitting cobra known under several names such as the spitting cobra, Peter's cobra, and the southern spitting cobra. There is also the yellow lip seecrite and it is a venomous sea snake. And the shell-subpit viper also dwells in most forested regions. Number four. Okay, I'd be scared of that. The Philippines is the home of two native crocodile species, the Philippine crocodile, and the ancient freshwater crocodile. The latter one is the most common and usually quite large. The Philippine crocodile species is now highly endangered and probably you'll no longer see one. It has happened that crocodiles attacked humans in the past, but not as common as you may think. Still, be careful if you are in areas where they live. Fun fact, they don't see well in water. Yeah, even though they have the little extra thing in their eye, they cannot see well in water. In fact, I was watching a guy that does like how to stay safe if you're encounter one, as you go into the water and you swim downwards. And then you kind of, because they're, they hunt on the surface. That wouldn't be my first thought. But what they do underwater is they do like this to find what they're looking for. So if you can swim and angles and stuff, he'll lose you. But if you go up to the surface, they'll find you because they see perfectly on the surface. I was like, but I thought they had like the extra little thing and they can't see apparently. And I was like, what? Number five. Centipede bite. Okay, it's freaking out. This is the same. Spider for me. And I think we have that lucid piece here. Stop. Ah. Pull sharks. It's one of those deadly animals here. What's that? What the hell is the most dangerous shark? It's so cool. That's beautiful. If they attack humans, the common symptoms of stings are including, throbbing, swelling, itching, and burning. In some severe cases, a person stung by a jellyfish will feel muscle pain, difficulty in breathing, headache, heart problems, and bruising is what that is. Another type of jellyfish found in the Philippines is the box jellyfish, dubbed as the world's most venomous creature. Imagine how a minuscule amount of its venom can cause a seizure of the human heart and make it stop beating. That's insane. So stay away from them. So stay away. So easily said. Yes, you heard it right. Raebees maybe. Dogs are man's best friend, but this is not the case all the time. Unfortunately, Raebees come to the Philippines. Oh, that's what it means. Over 1,170 reports of human rabies from 2014. Charlie. Charlie. And an average of 250 annual fatalities. Wow. Please be careful when you come in contact with dogs that you don't know. 250,000, or I'm sorry, 250 deaths every year. Wow. This one is beautiful, but obviously stupid. I thought they were big, but they're like, time. Do not trust the lovely colorful dogs in this eight tentacle sea creature. The blue-ringed octopus of genus Hapolo Cleana can be found not only in the Philippines, but also in the Pacific Ocean's waters from Japan to Australia. They live in the coral reefs and sandy bottoms of Pallawan, Somal Island, and other tiny spots in the Philippines. Oh, no. The scary part of getting attacked by the blue-ringed octopus is that the victim may not feel any pain. That's crazy. The one that's not attacked, it can be too late as that the venom has already spread in the body. Number 10. Mosquitoes. That used to be a really bad thing. One of the most prevalent diseases in the Philippines is dengue fever with numerous deaths in the past decades. Look at that colonitis. The colonitis. With children between five and 14 years old are mostly the victims. Other diseases caused by mosquito bites are chicken gungyan and malaria. That's an interesting choice of actresses for them. The mosquito-born disease with the same signs and symptoms, but differs in severity. So there you have it. 10 most dangerous animals. So mosquitoes, at least in my area in Mississippi, used to be really bad until they started actively spraying for them. But the West Nile virus was a big thing. Oh, dude. So here in Texas, when West Nile came in, they were crop-desting like streets and leverhoods. That's what they do now in Mississippi. And then like regularly. Yeah. And then I haven't seen it in a while here because obviously the West Nile is pretty much eradicated. Yeah. And then they'll drive by especially with the years that are really bad with mosquitoes. And there's usually after a good winter, it will kill them off. And then we don't have as many of the next year. They'll either do crop-desting in a plane. Or so we're being vaccinated out of one choice. Yeah. And then or they're going to or they drive these big giant trucks. They just spray on both sides. Yeah. It's so crazy to think that it's like I swear, like if you could get rid of one insect in the entire world, that would make the most sense as mosquitoes. Because they make life so miserable. And they kill people more than any other bug I think. Because they carry so many disease because they're carrying blood. Well, yeah, that's the thing. They're getting blood off animals and people. Yeah. So you're just kind of like, hmm, would you like to use a dirty needle face? Yeah. Now this was an interesting video. Definitely wouldn't have seen dogs as being one of the most dangerous. Yeah. That's insane. The 250 deaths per year is insane. But if you have a big issue with feral dogs, I guess I could see that. Right. Yeah. What else was it? There was something else that caught me off guard. But not like, no, what really caught me off guard is how similar we are. I didn't expect, I didn't know y'all had black widows. We don't have the red back, but the black widow I think is cousins to the red back. There's little sharks, mosquitoes, crocodiles. Those are all issues that we have. Yeah. So it is very similar. To be fair, we have more alligators than we do crocodiles. Yeah. But still, same type of animal, more or less. And they know how to find people's pools and backyards. And one of our videos that involved crocodiles. We had so many people saying, you guys don't have, I think it was an Australian baby. Yeah, you don't have crocodiles in the United States, you have alligators. No, we do have a lot of saltwater crocodiles in Florida. And I think even some, like Louisiana and Texas, down by the coast. Yeah. So we've got annoyances as well. Yeah. But I don't, I mean, I'm sure people die from just a lot less. So guys, if you enjoyed this video and you're still watching, please hit the like button again. It helps with the YouTube algorithm. It gets it to in front of more people. Also, if you want to watch our future videos, hit the subscribe button in the bell notification. So you'll know when our future videos drop. And of course, if you want to support us directly, hit the join button and join our members program. And with that being said, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. Thanks for watching, guys. Peace out.