 Hi, welcome to a shy now in the Philippines. No one of the things that we beth and I both get answered a lot and we get it, we get it commented on it a lot. As you can imagine, maybe you haven't noticed that there's a great age difference between Beth and I. So, very many times people will say to me that you look younger now than you did last year or some other search terrible lie that I welcome with open arms. So the question, this is a question that Beth put to me and said, you know, maybe this would be a good title for a video. He says the title should be, where is the title? Does Marie and a young Filipina keep you young? Now this is something that many men will be wrestling with. I've just had a man agonizing to meet several times, several different emails that he sent or messages and he sent me a picture of the most beautiful young girl. She only looked about 18 going on 12 to me but she obviously was at least not a minor and she was indeed very pretty. Would he be able to take that kind of energy around him is something that every man would have to ask himself? What only would he be able to take it? Would he want it? Would it sit well with him in the end? In fact, I did have a question put to me in a comment which I didn't like and which I answered a bit snarkily before I think I deleted it. I'm not sure. No, I don't think I did. Delete it is probably still there. The man says, do you ever feel obviously referring to Beth? Do you ever feel that you're talking to a, what was the question? Do you ever feel that you're talking to a 12-year-old? I don't know, I said to him. I answered back. I said, no, I don't but sometimes in fact now and then I feel that I'm reading the comments of a 12-year-old. In other words, anybody that would take the time to say something which went obviously assault, insult and offend must be somewhere around the 11 or 12 or 13-year-old mark. But we do get quite a few of those. How does it affect you when you are constantly exchanging viewpoints with someone who has so much less in terms of experience and I won't say education because I'm not a terribly educated man. Believe it or not, well I'm sure that you will be able to believe it. But I left school when I was 15 and the schooling that I had prior to 15 had been cobbled together over several years of moving from one school to another as my mother demonstrated that she was part gypsy. So I never quite got any train of thought and training from my schooling. Try the same I got to the next school, they'd moved on from the lesson that I should have been learning at the last school. So I left quite a bit, I didn't know very much did I. 15 and a half I went into the coal mines. Actually, let me see, I went to the coal mines a little bit around 15 and 2 or 3 months. That was when I got a job in the coal mines and I went to do my training, Robinhood Pit, which I've said many times before. I did that. So my extra education was nothing to do with trying to learn a better grasp of math or geography or politics or anything. It was how to get the washed the cold dust out from under my eyes. That wasn't my biggest challenge then. Well my father must have got tired or sympathetic or just felt sorry for me. He knew that I was interested in music and he managed to write a letter to the bandmaster of the Argonne and Sutherland Highlanders and cut along story short. I was very soon into the army as a boy soldier. So education, not very much at all. For most men, your education would be far and above even someone who may be a college graduate from or a university graduate. Beth is a university graduate. Now while I find attitudes are different and sometimes hard to understand, I don't think of her as any less educated than I am because reality forces me to admit that my education would not stand any test of inquiry from anybody who was serious. But other things that I've learned from living with a woman who is a lot less in age than I am is that it has in what seems like an ombre to decide. I now no longer look at, even though Beth has sometimes referred to it as the last part of my life. I don't look at it that way. I've begun to look ahead. I've begun to look into what I hope is along a long distance future. But you're thinking changes when you are living with a much younger woman. Now, when you're living with a much younger filipina, now this is I think a much different thing. It's a much different experience. There's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of people that have different forms. Now, I believe a lot of people just came to her. It has been like a test that wrote the real thing, like a test that wrote the real thing, the real thing. in that I played in a top 40 band which covered all of the top 40 good bad and indifferent and we played all kinds of venues and ballrooms and hotels and we did all of that and we were two of the bands were really quite known quite well known so I had a wide variety of experiences but I look I look at some of the television programs now admittedly I don't always understand what's happening so it's not about the content but about the level of just how happy they seem and remember coming from the hotel from the airport when we were coming home the last time and we were put on a bus out of the apron we arrived at Sibu and we were put on a bus and heaven knows why but it had to make several circuits of doing various places before it got to a point where it could drop us off in fact I was wondering if we were still in Sibu yes and I noticed that all of I noticed lots of workers who were taking a break I noticed attendance flight attendance walking along together and they laugh and smile so easily it seems as soon as they open their mouth they're smiling it just seems to be something that comes so naturally and a lot of Westerners don't even understand that that they can laugh in the face of adversity to an extreme in fact in some of the cases that we've helped baby Jane was the most extreme baby Jane had broken her leg and as a foreigner I was at a complete loss as to why she appeared to be smiling what could you possibly be smiling about this child of yours as a broken leg and that was before I actually knew to be able to accept that different body language is very much prevalent in different cultures and so one of the things as an old guy especially for a bit of a cranky old fart you and I are not part of that okay you and I got accepted anyway you'll notice that things which you thought were important well it's the principle of the thing isn't it they'll just laugh at that and they'll keep laughing until you stop trying to be so serious you idiot so that keeps you young remember what I said a long time ago about George Burns I love George Burns George and Gracie and they looked at George Burns when he was in his 80s and somebody said to him George how do you do it you just look happy yeah a lot to be happy for at the time he was he had two twenty-fifth year two twenty-four year old beauties on his arms I guess that was enough to make a lot of them happen but anyway his response to that was he said I tried to get through each day with the minimum amount of aggregation now a Philippino doesn't have to be told that Philippino knows that I think I think that's stamped on their rear end when they're born that it's not worth sweating the small stuff as George Carlin used to say and he used to talk a lot about how us Westerners just make everything so serious and if I'm up here and I might be doing doing something might be reading a book might be having a coffee and some alone time and Beth is bonding with with Nana and Lena as sister and maybe Jessica her other sister and Buley and they're all down there oh gosh what what's the what's the sound that assails your ears it's laughter and people just laugh they they laugh what I can imagine what I can imagine the foreigners so all the bloody other one laughing at what's funny it's not that everything's funny it's just life is good and that's sometimes in in the face of the worst kind of property the worst kind of not having anything and yet they can still laugh I've taken a taxi through terrible slums in Manila in Cebu in quite a few places where people are living on the edge of having well of saving up to have nothing and yet you will still see children laughing you will still see men joking with each other Joshing they're sharing good times being with their work friends and you'll see the women and they're doing the same so you don't say to Beth's question does Madhya and a younger Philippina make you feel younger I would have to say yes this is a foreigner in the Philippines good luck with whatever life you're choosing for yourself and don't sweat the small stuff as George used to see bye for now