 Yeah, so welcome to a foreigner in the Philippines. So we are in Topiko now. I think yeah. So just it's Sunday afternoon. So we just arrived on third church which is gonna go to Almen's place here in Topiko. So that's what's the news. What was wrong with you? Howling. I really hate to say goodbye to Almen because he was for me the gold standard of a happy foreigner living in the Philippines. I never heard him complain. He never bitched and wind about Filipino's this and Filipino's that and he never complained. He was happy. Contents of man. He married and so he married into a ready-made family of three children. He loved those kids as his own and they adored him. There was a little girl who I don't know what was she maybe one or two years old. I think when she went out and arrived I think when you're four or two years old. Then now she's a great, great one. And she is beautiful child and she absolutely owned Alven. I used to joke about her when I used to say her with him how much she adored him. And I used to say that child owned you and he would not happily and say yes she does. And so it's a sad day for me. Yeah so it's really kind of you know because it's unexpected you know it's unexpected and you know nobody's ready. Nobody's ready on that kind of scenario. But then it's just sad to think because Alven is still young 66 right? She's 17. Which is not. Yeah. I think I have a beautiful family that really loves him you know so just sad. And it happened. It happened very fresh. They had a tumor on the liver and unfortunately as I think quite a few people he had an extreme sweep tooth. He used to love jumping down on a few donuts all in one and then chocolate bars. And he didn't know that he was a diabetic. He hadn't. He just hadn't um realized it. Oh where are we going to park? Come and get in here don't wonder. Yes we found. So he didn't know that he was a diabetic and they only found out when he had some medical treatment before and they found out that he was a diabetic. Unfortunately all of that if it all comes to late and it all adds up the domino effect and then with the trauma of the the other surgery that he had it was too much for him. So so showing goodbye to Alvin today which I'd rather do now later when we're looking at him in a coltown. I have a boyfriend. I have a boyfriend. There. And I said that's okay when you are put to seven years. That's right. Um Yeah. So the combination for and from school like you said. I have a boyfriend. I mean that's it. I was hanging that tree. The first boyfriend that came in the house it was hanging that tree so there's no one there. Then here next to her. Oh god. We're all gone. And we're all gone. Yeah so we just arrived from Tobi gone. And as I said it's it's not a nice it's not it's so painful. Be said because saying Alvin you know so we've known Alvin for six years right. At the first time we met them in uh McDonald's you know so Alvin messaged us that he arrived in the Philippines in Behold and how about Philippine the girlfriend and then that's where we go to McDonald and meet him in Tobi gone too. So it's just sinking. Sinking on my mind. You touch by that so yeah so he's a subscriber and we agreed to meet him at Tobi gone because that's where uh Bibli and is. McDonald's. In McDonald's yeah. You know so I just sink in how that time passed and how painful it is you know so yeah yeah so we just arrived you know so we came from Tobi gone and then uh handed a little help for um for the family. Bien because there was some difficulty because of no no passwords in other words not not prepared for this that Alvin went down downhill very very fast. I've already said this that he was such an incredible guy the kindest of people always always gentle laid back calm and and helpful and the thing that stands out which yeah which really it shouldn't really stand out we should all be we should all be happy we're over here um we're feeling a lot less stress we're married to in my case i'm married to a lovely younger woman um not that the younger thing keeps on being remand you're not being reminded of that constantly after a while it's like not even taking notice of how someone speaks to the accent the difference but it's um this is a much more laid back life it's not so regulated as almost every expat that i'd speak to says this but Alvin was a special case because he was contented and we spoke to Vivian afterwards um i think that's probably on the video isn't it when we spoke to Vivian um you know through through the heartache through through the heartbreaking moments um we were able to remember and rejoice in the life of Alvin and in fact even though it was only five just over five plus years um they were such happy years for that family the he he moved into he he married into a readymade family three children one of them just a year old uh and those kids all adored him which wasn't hard to do it was a great guy