 Good morning guys, we woke up at the family resort, we are my parents. We are just taking a little walk at the resort before we continue. Today we have one day in the area so they can look around, see the area where we live and get some things by something that they might still need and then tomorrow we are flying to another island of the Philippines. Already enjoying the view, so we are going to take a look at the mountains. We are going to take a little walk. So, first time my parents got a fruit delivery, we have some nice local mangoes. Banana, melon, spina, fruits, the whole loot. How's that? Mine as a fruit, you can take a banana. Sinon, it is a dash. It is a mango. My dad loves mango but in Hungary... Go, go, go, go. Oh, again, I don't know if I can eat it, but I will eat it. My dad loves mango, his favorite fruit but in Hungary it is not that much available. Of course it has to be imported and there is some mango getting imported from like Peru usually but it's a completely different type of mango and it's like this nice. Filipine mangoes, so it's going to be our first taste. Oh, you also got some good banana and just some more mango just think it. Mmm, how did you like it? It's a bit too much, I think. Mmm, not at all. I have a new date. Not fully ready mango yet, a bit still sour, it's a couple of more tastes but already good. Two more. Guys, up this time we are running around the area. We also stopped at home to pick up our stuff because we are leaving tomorrow. Also we also got our travel things. Now we are back in the city going to the Palainque soon, just up to eat. We are being joyous and still being my parents. Stop at the lower new favorite place that we discovered in one of the previous vlog in Cabanato and this mushroom burger spot. That's awesome. I'm the in between translator. Good translate action. Communication sponsored by Uber Translate. You got the burgers. Last time I tried the more simple one here. Now it's fancy and big and looks so nice. Oh, Cheetos. Cheetos. Cheetos burger. My mom's toa van casualy. Finom. Masarab. Again. Again. Masarab. No, no, no. Masarab. Masarab? Masarab. Finom. Finom. Finom. Masarab. Switch cars, guys. We are with Joana. Going to the Palainque for the first time. So exciting. We will tour them in Cabanato and city. I love Palainque and I think it's so like interesting for foreigners. First in the Philippines going to the Palainque because it's like the ultimate like, like Philippines vibes. Like, like lots of things to see. The light of like nice people to me like the so exciting everything. So of course we have to tour the Palainque and like a general Cabanato and city tour since this is where we live. Now come to Plaza Lucero. Center of Cabanato and city. Jo and welcome to Plaza Lucero. This is the church. Wow. That's one of the one. Also touring Joana today because she haven't been to Plaza Lucero since it got renovated. So I'm a multi tour guide. Tour guiding my parents and tour heading Joana. It's a little bit of a song. It's a little bit of a song. I really like it. This is the market. Good access to the rain. Soving access to the reception. I'm touring my parents everywhere. Besides just looking around and talking in the atmosphere, the other goal is to hopefully be able to find durian. I don't know if anyone is selling right now at the market area but my parents really want to try it so I hope we can find some. Shlann? Yes. I'm not going to do anything. Hello, folks. I'm going to get one of my friends and I'll tell you if they've been tiratful. They're not even there. Uh-huh. It's here. Indipo. Oh, you see it's a galo. The galo is full. Right. My parents don't even know where to look at everything. It's so interesting to them that they're just going and looking at everything. This is the border. I just wait for you. That's right. There used to be a market when I was a baby so I barely remember in Hungary in the area where we used to live. They said it has similar vibes to the market here and as much as I remember I guess I agree. Like really similar especially because we are in that area of the Palenque now where the Narelet of Hi. Hello. Hi. I love you. I'm going to the Philippines. I love you. I'm in the Netherlands. I love you. I love you. Thank you. Anyways, it really um as my parents, I never thought of it because I was so little when we went to check out the markets in Hungary, Wagenskose again. But, in our old markets we've sunk very much in on adults, Philippines and other markets. Here is a drone, yellow golden driven with a instagram star Silver by contrast If you're interested in a star Avo can be helped Oh people they are proud!! how many are there? how the twitch see my smell? you are like van's I feel like I can fit in you are kind you look like me are you moving fast? how can be with a sign!? you will be moved We use Google brush for techno, for tape,ntc fullopia.. Roti Counselor Thank You Can we fry this sandwich? Chiniflo Where are we? Ave It's a... a Saturday. It's a... morning, I think I'm going to the beach, and I'm going to the beach. I'm going to the beach. What's the most soup up there? The most soup up there, I'm going to the Zam Palai, what are you doing? So proud of ourselves, Dovi, such good turgues, and remember some, like a Yura Gobi were solos in this area. Yes, now we know how to put it for you. Yeah, now we are at a turn-turn right. Right, a bit more than turn-turn right. We know it so well. My parents are so cute looking around. I love it. I love to see them here so much in like our family area, in our vomit software. It's interesting for them to look around and to see everything, but for me too, like to see them in our family area, it's like so good, like such a good feeling. Like everyone is together, and they are getting to know my home, so nice. They have more laughable and elleastic specs and many things on the wall. Of course, when we talk to the dog, we chat more than if we get it through another app, and when we get to see the dog, we get to become more comfortable. We are going to talk things rather. Hungarian and sometimes I translate it but I don't want to like say translate everything so there will be like some subtitle action We are just getting some boko juice Except for me I went for my favorite bulamon I'm not going to eat it Quick switch from the market we came to Eztam So we will have everything we need for the trip tomorrow My parents got distracted with pastalubon, got some local coffee shirt Local drinks And this is for me, my new camping mug Tazfaz This is what I was recommending my dad while they were still in Hungary That they are cute short with sharks And sometimes I like to do it Jonathan, you are not going to do it if you don't like it First, I first saw this fashioner bands beach tomorrow Hello, everyone It's me That's my famous sliced tomato Pretty ? He knows perfectly Lucky... We have some... Picture Please enjoy I think it's better to go to the country. I think it's better to go to the country. It's so beautiful. We are back at the family resort. We took out some food, some sizzling tofu, like some tofu, some sic type of thing, some chapsoy. Then we also got some meat, lognapules, so my parents can't eat. We also have some guia bano. We have cuia, okie to help us. So my dad's first time to try the local beer. Vienna, Shawr. Good. So we are going to be feasting here and trying the lognapula. With rice. Good. My dad said it doesn't have any strange taste. My mom just said it's good, so that's approved. Masha Raavda, lognapule. Since we are trying so much food, Masha Raav in Hungary is phinom. So we can be saying anything, any of those. Phinom, Masha Raavda. You guys know that we are liking the food. There, guys, look at that. My dad got the local eating style with the spoon. He went straight for the spoon. In Hungary, we don't actually eat rice and these kinds of meals with spoon. Just using an iPhone fork for everything. Spoon is only for like soaps or things like that. But I don't know any more how can people in Hungary live without eating everything with a spoon. Because it's so much more convenient. And my dad got the hang of it already. Proud, very proud. And this is how their first day in the Philippines ended. In the next vlog, we are flying to one of the most beautiful islands of the country. For my parents to see the ocean for the first time. Can't wait to share it with you. And also thank you so much for watching this vlog. And we will see you next time. In the next one. Bye!