 Hey guys, it's Jessica here for today's video. I am going to be talking about the Filipino products that Koreans love. I'm going to talk about this in different levels. When I say levels, the level of exposure that the Koreans have to the Philippines. So there could be Koreans who's never been to the Philippines, but they still might know some Filipino products that are easily available here in Korea. And there is the tourist level who have been to the Philippines and have actually looked through the shopping list. As for the third level, there are Koreans who have been living in the Philippines or who do have at least a few months of living experience in the Philippines. And the fourth level would be the Jessica level who have been living in the Philippines for a long, long time. Beginning from the everyone level. So the first, I think you might have guessed it, it's the dried mangoes, the 71. These dried mangoes are very accessible here in Korea. You can just get it from the convenience store from any convenience store. And it's just so good. I have a very high level of trust when it comes to mangoes from the Philippines. All of my friends in Korea, they would tell me like, Oh, so Philippines, they're dried mangoes. I love the dried mangoes. That's the first thing that we'll talk about. The second one would be bananas. In Korea, as you guys might know, bananas don't grow. So we have to import it from different countries around the world. Many people, when they think of bananas, oh, bananas from the Philippines, it's good. So yeah, country of bananas and mangoes. The third one, which is the last one, is San Miguel. But you know what? The San Miguel that's being exported to other countries like Korea, it's actually not made from the Philippines. It's made from Hong Kong. Yeah, they probably have a factory there because they exported to different countries around the world. And I heard this from Sylvia, my friend who loves Hong Kong. She also loves San Miguel. She says most Koreans know what San Miguel is, but many of them don't know that it actually came from the Philippines. When we look through the different menu, when we go to a certain restaurant, many times you can find San Miguel in the option, which I thought was like, Wow, San Miguel is really big. Now we're going to move on to the next level, which is the tourist level. There is this Korean website called Naver. When you search Philippine shopping list, there are different like blogs and posts telling you like what you should, what you must buy whenever you visit the Philippines. I got most of it while doing my research on that website. And also from my own experience, when I was just a tourist level Korean to the Philippines, Vittress hair essence. Okay, so I saw lots of posts in Korean websites that a lot of Filipinos, especially women, they have really good hair, despite the weather being so hectic sometimes. I get so hot so your hair can get really fuzzy, right? So from these blogs that I read, they were mentioning how this is probably because they're hair care products. And one of the very famous ones is the Vittress hair essence. Colgate, I know this because when I first also went to the Philippines, I had an English academy. There were different Koreans in the English academy. And before they went back to Korea, they would always visit like Robin Sons or SM supermarket to buy different Filipino products. And many of them would always buy Colgate. You know how in the Philippines, like many people would call toothpaste as Colgate. So because of how popular Colgate is in the Philippines, I actually thought that Colgate was Filipino. But turns out it was actually a Marycane. Did you guys know that? And I don't know, maybe like Colgate is very effective in teeth whitening, like perhaps. And next is, this is very touristy guys. Mango chocolate. You know when you go to the airport, like in Inoyakino Airport, and there are like souvenir stores over there, there's always mango chocolate, like very fancy looking mango chocolate. When I first encountered mango chocolate, I was a little bit intimidated because like mangoes and chocolate, when I tried it, I was like, wow. Not bad. So I guess that's the power of chocolate. Next one is banana chips. Yeah, banana chips. I know there are different brands of banana chips in the Philippines. There are like really local ones. When you go to a very local like tourist area, they have some banana chips that are just handmade. Those are the good ones. That's why I would get banana chips when I go to a local, like a very local place that only local people know. And next one is another beauty product, which is the papaya soap. Papaya soap is so popular in the Philippines already. And the popularity that the papaya soap has in the Philippines, I think also influenced the Korean tourists. Also, a lot of my Filipino teachers in the Philippines, I saw them using the papaya soap. And it smelled really good. Also, when you go to those supermarket corners in the Philippines, you can find like a variety of brands that produces papaya soap. So that I guess just explains how famous papaya soap is. Next one is cupico. I've mentioned this in one of my vlogs with my grandma. You can check it out over here. And my grandma really, really, really loves that instant coffee. Look at that. And then I'll order it. And then the next one, oh my god, it's giving me the tourist vibes off-cream. I'm not sure if off-cream is Filipino or not. It's probably not, but it's very famous in the Philippines because there are lots of mosquitoes in the Philippines. So off-cream was like a must-have product. Like I need it. I need it. I need it. I've seen a lot of Korean tourists within the Philippines. They always have that off-cream. It's really a must-have product. Okay, so we are now moving on to the intermediate level. The first one, Jollaby. So for a lot of Korean tourists, Jollaby is on the must-visit list. Just because it's so iconic, you know, it's like Jollaby is Filipino. It's the number one fast food franchise store in the Philippines. And I know there are many of that spaghetti, the Jollaby sweet style, Pinoy-style spaghetti. In Jollaby, my favorite meal was burger steak. Well, okay, chicken joy is of course the first one, but after, you know, excluding chicken joy because that's, I guess, for everyone else. I know it's not a high quality taste, obviously, because it's very affordable, but it's very addictive. And it gives me memories. Next one on the list is Pancit Conton. That flavor, very unique, but very homey. For me, as a person who have been living in the Philippines for a while, when I would give like souvenirs or gifts to my Korean friends, of course I wouldn't just get to dried mangoes, you know? I would get something really local, and one of them would be Pancit Conton. Next one on the list would be different Filipino snacks. There are particular famous snacks among Koreans, like Korean community, ironically it's sponge. For me, it was actually pillows, but it's not pillows, it's sponge, because there is no such a snack in Korean. The texture is very unique. Taste-wise, I guess it's quite common, and also other vinegar snacks, like vinegar flavored snacks, like Ticero Nimon One. Ticero Nimon One. It just really brings my appetite, but the thing is, most Filipino snacks and food, it's quite salty for Koreans' tastes. They would still like it, but they can't have like all of it in one go. Now the time has come for the ultimate level, which is the Jessica level. Food seasoning, like magic set up. Corn Surnigang Mix. I do not want to promote unhealthy food, but sometimes you know, a little bit of MSG, I would say, is okay. And it's very, very useful to make different Filipino dishes, like the Surnigang Mix. Just with that mix, you can create that authentic Surnigang flavor. The next one, I would say, are different handmade, local handmade products, things that are made with bamboo or other local materials. Those are the products that are quite difficult to get in Korea. I just love any handmade products that are made by like local artists from local materials, because that kind of makes me feel grounded, like, okay, these are really local. And the quality is still very good. So I think it's just like a perfect product to give as a present, as a gift as well. Lastly, I would also like to mention some of the local brands in the Philippines that I personally know of, like, Hingi Weber every day. So it's a clothing brand. The owner of it is actually one of my mom's friends, so my Dita, I even once modeled for their brand and their clothing line, it's all very beautiful. It's all environmentally friendly. Like, you can literally just compost your clothing because they don't use any plastic or anything like that. There is also this brand, National Blade Works, that is also a local Filipino brand with very high quality knives. I also liked how they recycled the plastic portion of the knife from their other brand that creates skateboards. So those were the two that I had in mind. And I know there are different, amazing Filipino local brands out there, which I don't know of. So please let me know in the comments down below. So I would like to end this video with the famous hashtag Support Local. Not to say that you should boycott products coming from other countries, obviously, you know, there are also great products around this whole world, but I think there is nothing harmful about supporting local brands as well. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you guys in my next one. Bye. You