 Welcome back to Manila guys! Welcome! Like we told you before, the list of visitors coming from Hungary are not over yet for this year and we are back to Manila to pass it to be exact because we are picking up my friend today at the airport. We are inviting everyone from Hungary. Everyone, I know from Hungary it seems like coming to the Philippines this year but we still got a lot of time since their flight only arrives later at 9-10 pm so until that we are going to be roaming more of Asia. And ever since we've been here with Fanny, now we learned from her that there's no more of Asia trip without going to Aikia. Yeah. Oh, you would be proud of you. This is the photo selection in Aikia. There's chocolate photo. Carot. Carot. Carot. Every cake for us is a photo. How do you even think? Food delivery. Food PANDA. PANDA. Why? It's a splitterni and this is a brown skull. We still have time to roam so we are sticking to Aikia especially because I'm sure you guys heard it if you've been watching our lives lately but after these trips with my friends from Hungary we are actually moving so it's time to shop for some home improvement stuff. Not so much for home improvement. It's just random things we like. What's all my snuffing? What is this? It's a lot of goods. Wow. I will put money in it. And boy bowing in the other one. Yeah. I guess this is something they don't sell in the Swedish Aikia. We just came into Aikia and now shopping but we're just getting full. We just want to go. If you go to the airport we don't want to look like Aikia maybe we are going with a wardrobe later on or something. So pretty with a Christmas decorations. I've been already in Christmas mode ever since September basically. There are so many cute things. Lots of Christmas cookies, hodders, decorations, gingerbread. It's really cool for me here because Aikia is a Swedish shop so it's European. And of course things are not exactly the same like in Hungary but since it's both Europe there are a lot of decorations and details that I'm seeing. That is not much of a thing in the Philippines but it is in Hungary like these look super Hungarian. These gingerbread hearts. It's really good. It's like a par rolling stone. Oh okay. Pretty. Last time I was in a shopping mall and I was like, what's this? It's like a par rolling stone. Oh okay. Pretty. Last time I was in a shopping mall. I was like, what's this? It's like a par rolling stone. Pretty. Last time I was in a mall. It was starting to become Christmas and now it's a full Christmas spirit. Oh yeah. The decorations I love it. Aikia, oh yeah, the government of Christmas spirit but it's the whole. It's so cool. Wow. It's very nice. This is the prettiest Christmas tree I've ever used just in size comparison. It's in the middle of my office and it's a very nice place. It's the most beautiful place in the world. The shopping is over for today. We are grabbing a grab. Grab it. Grab at least walking on it. And then it's time to go to the airport. We arrived to the airport. We are just trying to find an entrance. Last time I'm able to hear this whole place was empty now. It's full of people. June has finished just asking if we can go inside. I said that's close but it's a bit too long. Oh, okay. Oh yeah, maybe. We made it. We are inside. It's so busy now. So much people. We are here again. I love the airport. It's always good. Like good memories inside. Either me arriving to the Philippines or friends or family arriving to the Philippines. So, love to be here always. It's very easy on this airport now because the arrival area don't really have gates. There's just one general international arriving area. So whoever is coming for sure they will come out of that place. So that makes it very easy. So this year my parents visited us in the Philippines. My best friends like sister, fondly visited us in the Philippines. And now it's a really close friend of mine who is coming. And she's not coming alone. She's also bringing her mom with her. Originally, another friend of theirs was supposed to join them. But unfortunately she couldn't make it. So it's just the two of them. But I'm so excited to see them finally after so many years. Here here's the domestic arrival and then the international arrival just that. Like mostly all people I know from Hungary or people who are close to me from Hungary are visiting the Philippines this year. And it's also important to me because of course I want them to see my life here, like the country that I love. And also I'm so happy that just like through the vlogs and through me sharing my experience as here people get excited about wanting to come here and experience the Philippines for themselves. So, so so so happy that this year we could share it to so many people from Hungary. Even though Claudia has already been here, that was only like really short on five day long trip where we couldn't really explore. So happy that this time she will get to explore more and also share her experience with her mom. So so so excited for them to arrive. Oh they are they are at the domestic arrival. Oh I see her. Oh Hi Hi Yoslo! Oh, hello! Hi! Hi! Welcome to the Philippines, I'm going to go. Marianne! Marianne! Marianne! Jonathan! Marianne! Karin! I said I won't cry now but I'm busy. Was the long trip? They came out on the wrong gate. You are too messy, how are you? You are too messy. I'm going to kick you out cause you're a bit too much as I see. Yes! It's cute for both of you. Not Philippines, I'll probably get out soon. I'm when it's happy to be back to the Philippines. Of course. And happy to be in the Philippines for the first time. It's not a courage, right? It's not a courage. It's not a courage. It's Christmas. Wow! I think I'll have a photo. In Hungary it's not Christmas yet. The taxi driver is trying to take pictures of the fans. It's really like the Incar. Erkon is fun. It's fun, and it's cute if you get it. Because it's more fun in the Philippines. There's Marianne's first look at the Philippines. First, he's a kid, he's a kid. He's a kid, he's a kid. He's a kid, he's a kid. He's a kid. He's a kid. He's a kid. I thought it was good to be back to the Philippines. Yes. I was the first to be back to the Philippines. I thought it was good to be back to the Philippines. It's not Christmas yet. It's not Christmas yet. They are already so happy. They will be staying here for three weeks and out of that. We will be touring together for two weeks. But they are already so happy that they will leave the Philippines. You just arrived. Touro Rudy. Guys. It's a Hungarian Touro Rudy. Cut each cheese, snack, and you also need to try it. Because I'm not sure if you ever tried it. They arrived back to the hotel now. We are just literally going to sleep because we are third-vision attendants. They are very happy, but they are very happy. She doesn't look tired, but they leave me. She's tired. The past alone bomb. They are very happy. They are very happy. The past alone bomb was getting revealed. The past alone bomb was being recorded. The past alone bomb. And I was so happy that I was from Hungary. And I had really strong cravings for this. Which is a snack that can only be found in Hungary. So I'm helping you afford this. So you need to try it. It's like chocolate. You have chocolate covered and it's a catfish cheese. I'm so happy. She gave us baby some. It's not so much. Not so much. Big. It keeps coming. Mech was doing salonsu croquettes. I was doing salonsu croquettes. I was doing a race in the Philippines now for you. But Christmas can be a joke. I don't know that he's seen this before. Christmas is coming. Christmas is here. Wow, that's a lot of patellubon. Look at this guy. And this is a package from my parents. They sent me one with a little letter. Which is a secret, a secret message. I don't think when we were in Hungary, I don't think Jonathan tried it. And it's like the most Hungarian sweet you can ever think of. It's so good. Very good for a night. It's like a good catfish cheese, but it's not really cheese. It's not a cheese in Hungary. It's made from milk. In English it's a catfish cheese, but in Hungary it's a different type of dairy product. Most European cuisine eat it salty, but in Hungary we like to eat it sweet. And we have this chocolate covered version and this is the best thing ever. And meanwhile I'm enjoying my catfish cheese. Carrying Camille for favorite. Which was her culture shock man, she first came to the field. You can meet again. It's like that's a invasion. I'm just giving a Philippines bathroom tour because this hotel has a very like... But I'm just giving a nice shower. A table. And I'm giving a nice shower to my little brother. And then I'm going to bed. I'm giving a nice shower. And I'm giving a pop-up. I'm giving a nice shower. You know that you don't have a hair dryer. I'm giving a nice shower. Yes! So after this really useful tour we're really just all event to still be like we said. But I can't wait to share their first days and all of our adventures coming up in the Philippines. So thank you so much for watching and we will see you next time in the next vlog. Bye!