 Whoa, that was quick. That was the quickest start to your live ever. What's up guys? Welcome back to our channel. It's going on. I look really red. Yeah, this kind of does look a little more satiried than it did. But it should be pretty good guys. Let us know straight away because this is on the phone with a little set up going on here. Let us know what's the audio light. Does it look? It looks pretty good for us. Is it in the correct orientation? Yes, are we imported or landscape? Well, it's light, but annoying. But hi everyone, welcome back to our channel. It's actually really bright. It's really bright today. It is really bright. One sec. That's a little better. Alright, hopefully that's not right. Hopefully. I like this. This is good. What is up? The gentleman of Manila. And I thought it's an excellent name. The gentleman. Yeah, guys, let us know. Hi everyone. Wow. Teacher Eliza, a potato chips gamer, what is up? Everybody come and say, hello. How are you all doing today? We are currently drinking some coffee from the 7-11 near them, too. Life's dream ready. We've got snacks. We have got donuts. We have coffee. We've got coffee. Hope you're all having a great day, guys. We have been... We actually... We did have a different plan for today, but hence why we're on here. We thought we were going to be out recording another video, but we'll wait at the people come in until we let you know what's going on. Happy 50th birthday to me, the August. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday. The big five. Wow. That's a good one. The lightens actually pretty decent here. We were trying to go live before the sunset, guys. That's why we were in a little bit of a rush there. And then trying to set things up on the phone, too. It was actually pretty quick, but it's the first time we've done it on the phone. So, hopefully, this should be better. Is everything synced up? Why does the audio and everything synced up? The chat sometimes disappear and sometimes comes by. I don't know. Can you have it on screen at all times? It should be. That's maybe just because it's paused for a brief second. Thank you. Hi, everyone. If you've just joined us, we've literally just gone live. So you haven't got anything just yet. But we thought today we would do a Q&A. A live Q&A. What's wrong? I'm just trying to get the stream up. Nothing to take literally formal, just if you have any questions. There's fire alert. Anything that you want to know about us, maybe you're just new here and you don't know who we are or what we do or anything like that. So if you have anything that you want to add. Yeah. Because there has been a lot of you recently. We just didn't get. We haven't got the opportunity to talk to you. And we have done a lot of live things previous and we love doing it just because we can actually get talking to the wives looking at the mic there when I start. I just find a question. Any plans to collab with other foreign vloggers? Oh, in Manila. Well, I'm not sure about Manila, but we will be back there. I don't know how soon, but I'm not sure how soon. As for, we've been chatting. We have been chatting. And we know a couple of people here too that are also making videos. So yeah, definitely be really killed and meet up with other people that are doing the same thing. No, my chat keeps going away. I think that's just because, yeah, I want to say. Hello, are you expecting to stay in Philippines? Well, obviously we have our visa here for 30 days and then we would possibly like to extend that for 60 days. If that's possible, that's fine. I'm good. And then to like the stream. Yeah, because there's so much to the Philippines that we really want to see. So that's going to take a while. So yeah, we'll hopefully stay here for that long for our first visa. Of course we will have to leave, but maybe we'll come back. Yeah, we probably will. There's so much to say. There's so much to say. There's so much to say. They're really busy. I already took a bite out of my donut. There's been a my senior bag. Here's a question from us. 60 days is not enough. I agree. Here's a question from us to all you guys. What is your favorite type of donut? I think that's my chat. Oh, dang. False. Make it wider. Wider. Yeah. What do you want? How long have you been together? That is a good question. We have been together like eight and a half years. It's well done. Yeah. This October, it will be nine years. Really long. That is so bloody long. But we did know each other for years before we started. Yeah. Like being boyfriend girlfriends. So we've known each other a long time. Oh, okay. Yeah. So far away guys, if you have literally any questions about anything, far away because we want to get to know you. So we may ask you some questions back. Yeah, true. Somebody just congratulate us on 10,000 subscribers. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. That would be amazing. That would be crazy. That would be quite a while away. That would be crazy. That would probably be quite a while away. But thank you so much. Are you enjoying type of season? It has been fun to say the least. Yes. We did expect, obviously we knew we were common here in rainy season. So we knew it was going to rain and we're used to the rain being from Ireland. Very much. Yeah. But when we came to Manila, the first few days, it was actually okay. I think. And we still got to do a lot in Manila. I think. Yeah, don't, it actually didn't rain at all. It wasn't that bad. It wasn't that bad. Like two vlogs we did. It didn't really rain. And then it started to rain. And then it didn't start. Yeah. Ilo Ilo, which is where we just came from. It was just constant rain. We really didn't really get to do much or anything there that we would have wanted to do. I like your go to. But that's okay. We're still enjoying being here and meeting people and you don't need to have good weather to meet nice people. No, the weather's a lot better here. We're looking forward to it. Like we said, I was going to say before it was waiting for some of you guys to get in. We did plan on doing a video today which involved a lot of photography, which is something we loved doing and we loved adventure and round new cities and new places like here. And literally trying to capture what's going on in the culture. Pretty much. True our pictures. Obviously we video and make a vlog. So we're vlogging, but we're going out and trying to see the locals and see what's going on and take pictures and show you guys. So that's I think what we're going to do tomorrow. And then the day after or maybe the day after that. After some editing we're going to try and go to yeah, just some of the cool spots around here. We're not sure yet because they're all quite far away. It's hard to go to the mall so we can have to pick what one we want to go to. Yeah. I don't really know how long we're going to be spending in Sabo but we will save once we know you'll know. What did we miss? Oh my goodness, it's going so fast. So what have you guys been up to with your day? What is the day of their life? Oh, you guys. I have 40 people in the chart. This is crazy. I feel like I had a scene a question that I was about to answer. 40 people in the chart but 14 thumbs up. So if you want to smash that thumbs up button, go for it. Oh yes. See how safe we can get it up to 30. No, I'll say 25. It's adventurous. How old are you guys sound? We are, oh I always have to think about this before I say it. Every year that goes past, I forget what each eye actually is. You do get a year older, Shabai. I am 25 and you are 26. There's only like, there's a year between us but our birthdays are very very close. We're losing some light here. Losing a little bit of light. Are you going to try straight foods? Yes. Probably, definitely. What is? What should we try though? Don't really know. What is also cool is straight when you go to like straight food, streets with like street food stalls on them, it's epic for taking pictures. Yeah, we love taking pictures at the markets and stuff there. It's so good. Are you going to try tannineering? I guess it depends on the weather and I'm not sure we're going to get it to do it this trip to Sabu because I believe most of the good spots are in the sun. I'm not sure if we're going to make it down there yet but maybe. Yeah, because we have got kind of something planned for the open-coming like, wake or show so we can't extend too long here although we probably will extend it for a few days but yeah. We have got something planned. From a Thao, what do you think of all the Sabino? Sabino. Sabino. Philippino's support for your challenge. It has been. Mind blowing. Ridiculous. It's crazy. I didn't understand, like I didn't get it but I get it now because we all need to recently find out that Philippino has spent so much time on their phones. Like so much videos and stuff is so big here. Yes, it's huge. It's huge but I didn't realise that it could be like, there could be that much of a difference because everybody in the world obviously loves watching videos and stuff. These donuts are delightful by the way. You can look at me with my makeup. So yeah, the support has been crazy and we really appreciate it so much. It's amazing. It's cool because we've been making content for a long time and our audience has been relatively small so getting to make it now and for lots of people actually get to see it is so cool. It's just amazing. It's so cool. Just to get a audience on it. Just to have people to like write to you and tell you what they think of your videos. We just. It's so good. We love that. Hi, hi, if you've just joined us. Hello, it's hard to catch all the names because this is kind of far away. Yeah, it's kind of hard to see. Watching from Vietnam, nice. What's the difference between Irish potatoes and Philippino potatoes? I'm not sure. We actually haven't had Philippino in a huffie. I've had mashed potato with bangas and it was actually nice. But I think I would guess they're much bigger. Irish potatoes are like this size. I would guess so, yeah. Chumpy. I miss Irish potatoes. They are good. Um. Hi, Philippine. Hello. Hi. I'm trying to catch some names. Trying McDonald's in Starbucks, really? Do you want us to come to the film? Starbucks were not a huge fan of. I think a lot of people who like coffee aren't a huge fan of Starbucks because the coffee does taste kind of weird or at least it does. It does from home and it has when we were staying in Canada as well. So it might be better here, I don't know. But we like to go to like cooler little coffee shops and find you. What's your favorite food right now in the Philippines? That's a good question. We've been eating a lot of fish. Yeah, and we haven't really tried a lot. Um. Not for any particular reason, just because we're sometimes not sure of what is in the food and we don't eat meat a lot of times. So, um, we've mainly just been sticking to like fish and rice. Um, yeah, that's been the main thing. Here's a good question from Sogall and John Robert. That is a long name. Um, any thoughts on the differences between the Philippines and other Asian countries you have visited? Okay, this is actually a good question. So when we started traveling, we went to Thailand and we were there for, was it almost three weeks? Would it have been a month? It was almost a month. Almost a month. So we spent almost a month in Thailand. We flew straight to Bangkok, which was an island and experience. We went straight into the thick of things. Yeah. It was crazy. As much as Bangkok was cool and we enjoyed taking pictures and adventure around and just, it was the start of our travels. It was not somewhere we would want to spend a lot of time just because it's kind of, I don't know what the word is, it's kind of crazy. It's just a little too intense. A little too intense for us, yeah. I wouldn't say we felt uncomfortable all the time, but we were very wary of our surroundings and felt like there's just too much going on for us. It can almost be a little uncomfortable at times and it's ridiculously warm too. Well 72 people in a child, this is crazy. Hi everyone! Guys, we do have another video coming tomorrow night by the way. We were going to upload it tonight and we thought, no, we'll do a livestream instead and we'll, we'll the later video till tomorrow. But we do have another one coming and just watch our bounce in the something down. What was it going to say? Yeah, I'm down, where did we go? So we started in Bangkok and then we adventure to the south of Thailand, like the islands. And it was pretty down there, I must say. Yeah, it was really nice. The language buyer is pretty, it's not too bad actually in Thailand. A lot of people speak English, but probably not as much as you guys here, which is a big difference. No, definitely not. So we went from Thailand down to Vietnam and it was completely different. It was yeah. The language buyer is very intense. People don't really speak any English. Any English? So that was really tough. So comparing that to here in the Philippines, were you guys speaking English so well? Very well. I don't really understand how or why you speak it so well. Actually, I just delayed at Google Translate the whole afternoon because I felt like... We need it in memory. Yeah, I was like, it doesn't really feel like you need it here. We will try to catch. Everybody just speaks such good English and you feel like you can just walk up to anybody and ask them anything. And you know, there will be a conversation there that's English. I just seen something that you will like. Did you know Philippines is the longest Christmas celebration start? I heard. From September. I heard they start celebrating Christmas in September. Which is exciting. I knew that Chiang Mai in Thailand did a lot of stuff but September that is long. We're going back through... Oh my goodness, we're going back through comments. Because we were trying to explain what we don't want. We don't want to miss them. So apologies if we missed some of your questions but we'll try and get most of them. I just seen Hasadis comment. You should check out Jesse Vlog channel, they channel the Philippines from a linear year. Yes, we've actually known George in the same school. This is kind of crazy. A long time. Like years. Like online. Just for making YouTube videos, we followed them. I got it almost choked. On your coffee. Like years ago when they were just at home living in Brighton and Worthingness. So we've known them a long time. We've watched their amazing journey here on YouTube and they just look like they're having the best time. They do. Yeah, so we're so happy and so proud of them. Yeah, those guys have done so well. They're just going to keep going. They're they have a very similar mindset. Yeah, very similar mindset. And things and we've kind of talked briefly and just chat online and stuff about things. They're very similar mindset, Austin, just trying to motivate people to do what they want to do. So yeah, those guys are excellent. Are you guys married? No. No, we're not. Too busy traveling and making videos. Maybe one day? Maybe one day. We're getting really rad nights because of the light. I might need to turn up a little bit more. So we did rely on the light from outside. Whoa. The light from outside guys but it's going away. Well, other islands would you like to see in them? The next question is, is our world flat or circle? I love it. Do we have any flat earthers? Yeah, do we have any flat earthers in the chat? As for islands, we would like to say, oh my goodness, there is so many. I think number one on the list for me is Palawan. Palawan, yes. Palawan is the one that would literally when we got off the flight and got to grab the first place to get it suggested. And it tends to be most where people would say, are you going to Palawan or are you going to visit El Nido? Or so, yeah, I think obviously because it's our first time here in the Philippines, we just have to go to Palawan. We have to see what it's like. Filming fat, what is up? I would also like to go to Behold. I'm sure some of you guys probably know Liam Blogging and we've been chatting to those guys as well. And they really love it in Behold. They have had a great time there. Because we've been in Manila for quite a while at the start, we're now in Sibu, like the city part of Sibu. We're looking forward to getting to the tropical vibes we can run out of Moepead and cruise around. That was something that we did once or twice in Thailand and it was epic. So we're looking forward to doing that here. Cruising around on the Moepead. That's actually one of the questions. Do you love city scenes or beaches or mountain hiking types? We're not huge hikers, although I would say mountains and stuff like that is probably scenery-wise one of my favourite. But I don't know. We like the combination of both, but we do enjoy being in cities too. But then you can't have missed along the longer year. I definitely wouldn't want to pick one over the other for the whole time. I was going to say photography ways, probably a city, but relaxing and good vibes definitely the tropic vibes are pretty epic. Yeah, I agree. Have you tried to add to eat lachon? Not yet. We know that it is quite popular here in Sibu. So maybe we might try it while we're here? Someone just said I look like somebody. Chris, you look like Gerald Arnach and the most controversial actor of the past few days here in the Philippines, but you're definitely number one. Oh, gorgeous. Gorgeous is an intense word, isn't it? I don't know. I don't know if you're on live. I don't know if you're on live. Oh, thank you. Is Irish had blood sausage? That would be the Scottish, right? Isn't that what Higases? What? Blood sausage. Yeah, that's the Scottish. Those are the scops. There's almost 90 of you guys in the town. This is crazy. So, yeah, hope you're all having a great evening. I don't know if you're just home from work or you're having a day off or what you're doing, but hopefully you're all having a great day and have a good night. Everybody's just writing where they're watching from. It's amazing. There's so many places all over the world. That's another thing that I do notice. I do notice. Yeah, one thing we've noticed. A lot of you guys in countries from around here, and literally spread, I suppose every country has, but you're spread out a lot over the world. And also, a lot of you guys watching from, there's another one shout out from, is it Cousin? Cousin City? Yeah. Cousin City. Yeah, a lot of you like commenting from the different cities and different islands around here. It's kind of cool. There's another one. Hello from Sydney, Australia. Welcome to the Philippines. Hi, everyone. I'm just saying hello. Hello, hello, hello. It's nice to have you all here. Yep. Put a ring on her man. She's so pretty. I hear you. Give me some time. Give me some time. Is there any boat experience so far from coming here? And from mom's sheep? I messed that mom's sheep. Oh, sorry. That was all up. No, I think it's a new one. Yeah, you try to get the old ones and I'll try to get the new ones. Any negative experiences so far. I don't know if I can call them rain or negative. It was a little annoying. The last few days, but. Anything negative. The only thing we've kind of had trouble with is food. Ordering food. Yeah, what we would normally eat is, yeah, ordering, yes. We had a problem with ordering food in Manila with grab and food parmin stuff. We had a few, like, we found it very hard to actually get the orders and get them delivered without there being a problem. Some sort of issue. But that's not really a big thing. But other than that, we've had thankfully nothing has gone wrong or we haven't had any like issues or scams or anything like that to do with thankfully. So it's been all good so far. Do you know the Philippines is 1,700 on one island? Is it not? Well, I mean, that's like 1,700 on one that are inhabited or something like that. So many of them aren't. Yeah, it's a very good thing. So here, yeah, nothing too bad. Shout out to KL Gaming. There's your shout out, my friend. KL Gaming. Did you guys try Street Food? Shout out to me too, to all gaming. We will get there. We will try some more. Don't use text, you just get grabbed. Yeah, we've been literally using grab the whole time. Do you know any Filipino words? No, except for Mabuye. Mabuye. Mabuye. Mabuye. Mabuye. Because we learned that in the plane yesterday when the pilot said welcome. Yeah, and a lot of you guys were saying it so we assumed it was welcome. Did you hear the news about Philippines being dangerous? No, no. And now that you're here, what can you say? Okay, so this is a thing that we see with which I understand a lot of you guys want to know, because that's what you assume that people here of the Philippines to be honest. We didn't really have that vibe because, like, we didn't have that in our minds common here, because we've only seen people coming here and they've never really had any issues. Yeah, they've loved it. And before that, we didn't know really anything about the company. So I've never seen anything in the news or anything about it being... No, no, we actually didn't. But they look that's more America, like you asked that has that. Yeah, maybe. But like, when you're talking to somebody and you say, oh, we're going to go to the Philippines. They're like, oh, we'll be careful. You know, stuff like that. But I mean, that's any maybe country that you don't really know. Yeah, I think it's because it's so far away. Yeah. It's like a more... I don't know, remote is not the word, but it's further than we've ever traveled. So anybody that we were talking to, like you said, was just like, be careful because it's not what we're used to. Yeah, it's not, yeah. And we do stick out. We do... Yeah, we do stick out. We do stick out. A lot, which is kind of weird because we feel like... Obviously, we stand out a lot to you guys, but we don't feel like we do as much. I don't know why it's kind of... It's kind of weird. And high from Dubai. Dubai is somewhere that I would love to go. What's for you? What's for your dinner tonight? Not really, sure. We're not sure yet. We'll figure that out after. We're not sure. Yeah. Do you know, oh yeah, but... Okay, I think I've called a bar. Hold on from Barcelona and more party, you guys. Well, what's the name? That is the name I count out for tonight, but... Oh my goodness. Hold on to you too. There's so many comments. Philippines is the most last travel country in Asia. Yes, Philippines is relatively new. I know Thailand has been huge for ages. I've known Vietnam on Cambodia getting a little more popular. I think it's because... Hi, Julie. When people come here or come to Thailand, which tends to be the first stop for most people coming from the UK or the US to travel, then they've thought, where else can we go around here? And that's why these countries have been more explored recently. I mean, the quality is still okay. I mean, local. Yes, we have indeed. We have. I'm sure you guys saw in our latest video where we tried the Filipino food. If you haven't watched it, definitely check it out. I was our first Filipino food experience. And yeah, we just had the most amazing... We couldn't believe it thing happened where this cutest Filipino couple... Like, they were older and they just came over to our table and asked us, did we have any problems or ring foods? I remember like, oh my god, this is just the nicest thing ever. They were so cute. I've never had anybody... I actually said this in the video too. If you haven't checked it out, it will be probably somewhere around the screen. Yeah, I've never had anybody in a restaurant in countries that we've been in and hold their stuff, come up to us and ask that type of question. No, and there's actually... Nobody just... Nobody cares. I'm a question there by Michael. How can you compare to what the people would be like in our country? Oh. And I mean, Irish people are pretty friendly, I think. We're very friendly. We're both Irish by the way. Towards each other. Towards each other. And I would say we're pretty nice. Yeah, I would... As people? I think that... Yeah, a lot of people... But there's like the sort of west, like western, maybe almost British ways, where you just... You don't want to get in anybody's business, you kind of leave people to do the thing. Yeah. You know, like if somebody was like... I don't know how to explain it, like it was, say we're... People aren't... We're not... Everybody's used to it. We're just not... Normally people aren't maybe as willing to help you, not so much, because it's going to cost them time and they're dead. Right. And I think people here are just a lot more chilled out, so it's... It's kind of hard to explain. You're just willing to help people more and you're willing to talk. And I think it's because a lot of you guys probably want to hear. I'll speak in English or try and learn more English, I'm not sure, but... Yeah. And once I met someone... Oh yeah, somebody said you two were coming here in December, that... That's interesting. It's something I would go to. You would go to you two? I mean... You wouldn't even go to them in your own country. No, I wouldn't. Well, then I... But... They are good. And I met another one there too. Yeah, we're both... Do you have any idea about Mindenow? No, what is that? Is that a place? Isn't... Is that not where... Mindenow... Is that not where there's like some trouble? I think... I think... Yeah, I thought that might be... Join the breast team places and nice family people, love you guys. Love you guys. Love you guys. Happy ID YouTube, boy, Gaggle. In your vlogs. Edgar, we would love a drone. Unfortunately, we don't have one yet, but maybe sometime in the near future, we would definitely love to get a drone and a GoPro. So we could definitely... We can't, yeah. We can't need one. Make the videos just so much better. I mean, not... We don't need a drone. A drone would be nice. We do need a GoPro. And... Because, yeah, when we go like island hot and stuff, we just can't bring the big cameras on the little boats and stuff. It's too... too risky. Yeah, exactly. Way too risky. What's your next destination in the Philippines? Not gonna reveal that just yet, because we don't know. But... Not gonna actually prove anything. No, we haven't got anything, but of course we have like an idea of where we possibly go to from here, into the... But we'll keep that a secret for now. And I'm proud of you guys. And I'm proud of all you guys in by the way. There's a 116 of you. That is crazy. Men. And... Absolutely crazy. Thanks to all you guys once again for the support and subscribing and liking and commenting, given us suggestion, it's been... It's been pretty crazy so far. Hope you're all having a good night. Or good evening, whatever. More Irish boy band or famous here in the Philippines. Actually, I just saw... The script, the script, or big in the Philippines. On Facebook, that Westlife came to Manila. They came to the Philippines. Does anybody know Westlife? I love Westlife. Westlife and the script. I did not think the script would be big because they are not that overly huge even in the UK. Big fan of Westlife. Amazing. That's crazy. We were in Canada for two years and nobody knew who Westlife was. Listen to him. True. Are you guys in Dublin? Not from Dublin, but we could probably travel there pretty relatively. Ireland is pretty damn small. We're like... What's a known tourist spot in Dublin that's going to run out of battery to? In Ireland. In Ireland. Dublin is one. Probably the most popular one. Dublin is like a... You go to the city and it's like the Irish city. It's a unique vibe compared to any other. I loved Dublin. Any other? So good. There's places in the south too that would be pretty popular. Like the cliffs. True. Cliffs of Moher is quite popular and the giants cause way would be popular in the north. Of Ireland. Or I'll see. What is going on? Thoughts about Philippine traffic and politics. Those are two very different things. Okay. Politics. No. Absolutely nothing about it. West Life is life. Yes! Oh my god. I'm so excited you all love West Life. You're so excited. I literally just went to the reunion. I'm sorry. I was just very excited. I went to the reunion concert like literally before we came to... Before we left to go travelling. I was really busy. So good. Are you guys going to Cureland Polymer? We will probably be going there and it may be pretty damn soon. So what was the other question politics on what? Traffic. Oh yeah. Traffic is crazy. Not... Not as crazy as what we've seen in Vietnam. But we were only in one setting in Vietnam. But the traffic in Manila is pretty damn crazy. Even here yesterday coming from the airport was like... Like a severe traffic. I don't think it is crazy when you're walking around. It's not too bad. But the only thing is we would like to rent more pads and we don't really feel comfortable doing that in the cities. But we look forward to doing that when we're island hot. Yeah definitely. We're definitely not confident enough to drive in the traffic for sure. Don't involve them in politics. Yeah we don't know. We really don't know what. I don't... Politics is not something I really care about and my own country never mind. Other countries just leave the people to it. You can't really. Yeah it's good. It's just one of those things. We're not really... We don't know anything about it. Favorite West Life Member? Pissures? I don't really watch. I know them but not really a fan. I love Nicky. Nicky's always been my favorite. Hi Mo here from New Zealand. I am planning a trip to Fecate in February 2020. I've never had a transit before. What happens to your check baggage? So I've never had a transit before. I don't know exactly what you mean you've never had a transit. Hang on I'm still trying to catch up here. Your check baggage. What do you do for a living if you don't mind? We do this. This is what we do. If you could answer that question about what do you do for your check baggage when you travel in Fecate? It just is like an normal flight. You check on your heavy bags. You can't take full size bike packs onto the table. Yeah we flew from Manila to Fecate and Pinilla. Bangkok, sorry. Bangkok to Fecate. We flew with Arija. So their baggage policy is... I mean it's a little structure but it hasn't been as bad as we've seen. Mainly your hand luggage so what you can take onto the plane with you. You can have two bags but the combined weight has to total 7 kg which is crazy. In other words you can let me take on a hand bag or a very small backpack. So you're only allowed small bags onto the plane so you just check it on. You can add it on when you're booking your flight and it's like, oh, tie-bat. I can't remember how many tie-bat it was. But it's not that expensive. It's like 10 pounds or something to add your bag on. It's pretty easy. I'll go and let you do your plans to visit Boroughkai. You can't come to Boroughkai. You have to. You can't come to Boroughkai. You can't come to Boroughkai. Collab with Miggah Heart and Vlog and the Just-Embout. Do you consider? I mean, we would love to meet any other creative couples that are just like, like, mind it and doing similar stuff to us. I think almost every travel person is like that. It's just cool to get you out with people and stuff that are doing similar things than you are. We've been making videos for years, but we've never met other people that make YouTube videos. No, we thought when we were moving around, we would meet more people. We met a few people who have been in like, like, bloggers and stuff, but not actually any other bloggers or anything. Yeah, so we would definitely love to meet more people who do the same thing. Come back. We're going to be very soon. The lightens also going away. It's a matching match. Are we kind of armed? Are we? Yeah. I've gone for the all black look and you're going for the all white look with headband. Collab with Daniel Marsha. I've heard a lot of you guys mention him. I don't know him, but he's half-arish, half-fellow. That is a very interesting mix. That is an interesting mix, for sure. I need to check out some of his videos though. I have your number one fan. I never thought we'd have another one. I'm going to add in a bit of summer any suggestions on where to go and what to see. I guess it depends where you're going to be the best and how far you would like to travel. If you haven't booked your flights already, book them for June or July and let really know all their time. Because it's too risky with rain. It's just like booking here and rainy season. It's going to rain if you're here. It's going to rain out of home. I mean, it has changed a bit since we haven't been home for a long period of time. Well, over two years, but it did rain when we were home last time. It does tend to rain a lot during the year, except we do get summer in there somewhere. That's crazy. I would recommend, yeah, definitely visit Dublin because that's like kind of the ultimate Irish city. What's right now in your shirt, Christina? No problem. Yes, it is indeed. No problem because no money, no problems. Why is Ireland Northern two-sayerous countries? That's a very good question and there's a lot of history behind that question. Politics. Basically, politics on the north was taken over by Britain. So, yeah. UK and Northern Ireland are kind of the same. Even though Ireland is one country, it's it's confusion. Happiness brought in our budget travelers. We've seen a few of happiness brought in. Hi guys, try to speak native Irish language. Okay, so this is something that is not, I mean, we do learn Irish in school, but we don't speak a lot of it. I mean, I could speak very few words just because I actually get that. You know, like languages in general. I've been in language because I get, I just didn't like learning in the school. Honestly, it's been so long since I've, like, said anything in Irish. So, I could maybe understand it. Slansha's like cheers, isn't it? Yeah. So, of course. Slansha. I've never used them, but Slansha is cheer, show if you're drinking a beer. Slansha. Probably the best one to know. Gullyby. Maybe we'll try Gullyby. We will. Oh, what should we get though? Our first, like, order at Gullyby. What's like a good... Look how rad we are because of this light. Good thing to go for. I think we're gonna have to finish up soon guys, because this lighten is getting sober. It's completely dark right now. Liam Neeson is Irish, right? He sure is. He's a good guy. I learned a lot of it already because of his movies. He is in a lot of very good movies. Probably it may well be the biggest name in Irish-Icon. He is very popular. Get chicken joy. There you go. And try riding Jeepney at school. We have seen a lot of those, and I was trying to take a lot of pictures of them because they're just cool looking, cruising past. That's like a perfect example of when we're here taking pictures and going out doing our vlogs and stuff. Capture and like a picture of a Jeepney flying past. It's just kind of... It's some stuff. Yeah, it's like one of those pictures that just sums up Philippines. It's cool. Yeah, that's true. Um... How do we treat each other? We actually went to the same school. So we were at the same high school, and we knew each other from there. Plus where we're from is like really small. It's like a small... Small time, so you kind of know who... Yeah. Who's who and who lives where? Philippines spaghetti is very sweet. It is. I thought... Have we held spaghetti here yet? We did. How about in Manila? It was actually nice. I think we will finish it up guys and get back to editing the video for tomorrow and I think because it's getting ridiculously dark and this light is kind of sore on the eyes. Ballet, ballet, ballet. Ballet is a tricky one. I don't know if I can do it. 100,000 subscribers. No, I can't. I don't know if I could. It's... It's a tough one. But I mean... Maybe. Maybe it's something like... Maybe. Maybe. If something amazing happens. I think we will finish up here guys, but thanks once again there's 125 of you and that is crazy. 77 thumbs up. Let's see if we can get that to 85. Right now. That is so interesting. It's so cool. Hit that thumbs up button guys if you haven't done so much. Watch me. Oh my god! It went up to eating. It's crazy. It's crazy. No thanks for joining us here guys. We do plan on doing this a lot more. We've had a few problems with internet and our laptop is kind of messing around during the last livestream. Yeah, this thing don't want really like... On the phone we've got a little setup with the mic and all here. I think it looks pretty good except for the light and obviously. But we might try and do this when we're in locations throughout the day if we can get good Wi-Fi. Like do you guys like livestreams? Do you enjoy just kind of sitting here and chatting with us live? We felt like we needed to do them because there's only so much talk and you can actually do in the comments. So we thought we need to get on and interact with you guys and actually get to know you a little bit. Yeah, we definitely want to do that more because there's so many of you and we need to know more about you all. Shout out all Jing Da Yao. There you go. Shout out to you. No. So yeah, I guess we will finish up here. Christmas season is coming in September. I'm actually looking forward to that. Apart from Canada, I've never been in another... Actually, we've been in Prague during Christmas but apart from that I've never been in another company during Christmas. For Christmas, yeah, that's true. That's pretty down-cooked. What's you guys going to do in homework? Good job! Do your homework! Get it done. Stay in school. Don't go, bless. Yes. Yeah, we've all done. We did live streams once a week. Definitely. Maybe more. That's what we planned on doing and we planned. We'll figure this out and get a little show type stream going on. Hopefully we can do in co-locations or in co-locations here and interact or traveling here in the Philippines. Yeah. We are both in Sibu at the minute. We will be exploring tomorrow and possibly for the next few days. I absolutely prefer to stay in Lade because it's much more genuine and interesting. Yeah, we love Lade. We've been streaming on Twitch for a year. We've been streaming on Twitch for a long time. And then when we started getting into doing the vlogs and stuff again we had to stop. That was a year or so ago. But yeah, we love doing all here. It's just cool to get actually talking to you guys and you can answer questions and stuff. By the way, if you don't follow us on Instagram, guys, I don't know if the links are in the description. I think it is. Or do you want to type in the chat? Just our knee? All three. And yeah, we'll type in our user names for our Instagram and chat. If you want to drop us a follow you can keep up the date with all our pictures that we get here on our travels. And also we do stories every day to try and keep up with or keep you guys up the date with what we're doing with stuff. It's actually sitting down and talking to you guys personally. Yeah, it's cool. It's the same with us. So we actually get to chat. I know exactly. It's literally like you're here. Like you're having a conversation here with us. Is yours Chris, my underscore visuals? Yes. And we are from the north of Ireland. I can't see the name. I just remember the comment. And we're from the north. And the difference is there isn't really a difference. It's just that really it's all connected. It's just there is a border because of political things. That's the thing that I was to get away to put it. So oh, we've got a crime in chat. Let's go. And yes, so that's our names. Drops the following. We have stories on our pages and we will be doing more. Can I get? I'm going to ask you all a question now. If you're into photography, I just want to know. Drop a little camera in the chat. That is good. I just want to see how many of you guys are into like obviously we still do our blogs and stuff. Just on my own personal Instagram. I think we might I make chat a little bit about photography just why we're out of the blogging and stuff. If you're interested, drop a little camera in the chat. That's a good idea. Thanks for the shout out. Love your book. Jean Gallora. Love your single name. Jean Gallora. Love the bandana. Who's? Mine. We're marching. I need a few more. What's the best stabilizer for you? I'm sorry. I was going to read that one. Stabilizer as a camera stabilizer. We actually don't have one like again. All handhelds. We would like to have one. Although sometimes it can actually get in the way of getting shots you want. And it can be a bit of a. It is time consuming to set up. But it can provide some really cool pics too. Or really good shots. Dylan, I see two cameras so far. Dylan, our new video is coming tomorrow. So make sure you are all. We'll look at night for that one. It will be up probably tomorrow evening. I think yeah, probably around 7 or 8 pm. I'm going to guess. Neil Abundo is into the photography as well. Yeah, drop drops of follow on our Instagrams. And we can. We have a lot of cool stuff. And a lot of we've done tutorials and stuff on our channel here in the past just for how to take better pictures. And I'm sure a lot of you guys are into just taking pictures of when you're traveling on your Instagram feed. And we can just let really give you tips on how to make your pictures 10 times better and let really like two seconds. Yes. But. So I'm excited for our video tomorrow. I think you guys are really going to like it. It's a vlog but like with a bit of a twist. Like a bit of a mac and teen spin. Yeah, we had a little chat in it too. So you might be able to get to know. Oh, look, the video we're going to record tomorrow. Oh, right. I thought you were talking about me posting. Yeah, the one that we're going to record tomorrow. Yeah, I think you like it. I think we're looking forward to it to doing it. Yeah, I think we're going to finish up here. Thanks again. Enjoy your journey. Blanket David. I don't want to leave you all. Raymond Espadito. What an email. What an amazing email. Oh, manila. And yeah, we have got so many recommendations for when we go back to Manila. Oh, good venue for photography. I really know where we were going when we got here at the start. So we got to see a few places and then it was raining a lot. But we're looking forward to actually getting back to Manila and exploring all the areas you guys have suggested. The Tana is the island of Southeast Asia. I saw the same videos there. It looks, that's the crazy thing about here is you have huge cities, tropical vibes. And then other tropical vibes that are completely different. It's kind of strange. You literally have the whole spectrum of... Look how slow the screen's getting because it's shorter. True. There's another camera in chat. Franz, Laura, and the coat. Yeah, drop us a follow on our Instagram and we'll be chatting tomorrow specifically. When we're like taking pictures. It's just a bit more for any of you guys who want your Instagram to look cool. I'm hoping it gives you some tips and pictures and stuff. I always say Salamat Poe. That means thank you. Good to know. And that's for both boys and girls. Men and women. I'm assuming. Same thing because I know Thailand has been different. You have a little out of parts for... My love you T-shirt. No problem. Well, we need to do that after this. And go after this we are going to finish editing the video. Get some dinner because we haven't eaten. And then probably do more work. Edit some pictures possibly. Yes. I really want to make us an intro because we don't have an intro for our YouTube videos. So I really want to do that. It's just finding the time to do it. So obviously a lot of the guys that you probably already follow and watch here do upload videos daily. We're trying our best to upload them. Like sometimes they're daily and then sometimes it skips the day and then we upload another one. Just because we do spend a lot of time on our videos and making them look as good as we can. And that's not to say there was other guys. No, no, absolutely. We're just not as fast. They're just ridiculously fast. They're so fast. I don't know how they edit so quick. But yeah, I think also because like our content is a little different. It's not like pick up the camera and take it where you go. We're so aware of like it's a little yeah. We do it quite definitely I think. It's yeah, it's slightly different. So we yeah, I don't know how to expand it, but it takes us a little longer to edit them. Yeah. Yeah, I think we're going to finish up here guys once again. Crazy. There's 167. This is crazy for us because we've never done a live stream. Never. This anywhere near this many people. It's insane. But yeah, it's really cool to get shot with you guys and hopefully enjoy this. We will do like we said a lot more on our travels and we might try and do them if we can get good Wi-Fi. Like while we're out maybe recording a video or something. Possibly or maybe go to like a coffee shop or something and maybe try and do it. Yeah, definitely more live streams coming up guys. This was so much fun. It was so nice meeting you all and getting to know a little bit more about you. And I hope you maybe learned a bit more about us too. And make sure to come back next time because we love you all. Yeah, we'll keep you posted in the community tab. And just say another last comment. Maybe that. Too far. There's a tar too far for YouTube comments. And yeah, hopefully you enjoyed it guys. We're going to head off do some editing and get the video ready for tomorrow. Yes. And yeah, once again, thanks all for joining us and thanks for the support so far. It's been amazing. We're on I don't know like almost 14,000. Almost 14, yeah, it was like ridiculous. It's crazy. So hopefully enjoy tomorrow's video guys and we will. Yeah, we'll be back on here pretty down soon. So. All right. Well, thank you all for joining us. We will see you all soon. And yeah, hopefully true our videos guys. We can do a lot of stuff but mainly inspire you to do whatever it is that you enjoy and create your way and whatever way that is. So as we always say, take it easy. Don't be a stranger guys. We'll see you soon. See you. How do we turn this thing off?