 Bronx United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Yes, they're running. Anyway, today we're ready to go to the church. We took the priest with a cushiony of Isabella. And in the meantime we'll try to do a couple things in the house. Obviously with his friend nobody work, he across. That's not good, but I'm so happy that's the way it is, ready season. I thought to wash my car today, but I don't say a need to. I will turn your water on. Isabella doesn't care, she's watching her cartoon. I might love, you love your cartoons and you're eating breakfast with mommy. This is my roof rack, I ordered from Lasada. I don't want to put any more timber and metal things inside the car end damage. So I'll go up on the roof, as long as it's not too heavy. There's a lot of bucks in there. It's pretty stressful, but it's probably more than that. Wow, he's got some pieces here. Here's the bolts. Okay, let's see what's on the other box. Oh my god, this looks like a puzzle. This is another thing that you could mount on top of the initial roof rack. That's the thing here. Do I really need this? Well, shit because I bought it. Okay, let's keep up on your list and then after that we'll see if the rent stop we can install if not. Until I get to the car, I'm not sure this is right because we put all this on a 50 cents stamp. Size, amazing. So I can't really identify the piece on top here, which is orientated, but I think it should be right. What do you think there is? Let's go down the gutter of the car roof. Yep, should be right. Today I was expecting to wash the car, the wheels, mount the wheels cover, the roof rack. Can I? Yeah, there's this, probably have to glue or something otherwise it's going to come off easily. You'll see. And like all those shims, the collage shims, it's probably to protect the data. So I will see when we install that. I'll have to install there. Hello, my dog. Ready to go. We need to go to the church today to see the fella who's going to do the christian of Sabela. Okay, we finished the Christmas before and guess what we are now? Yeah, all the things. Yeah, we're going to be. Should I be? Yeah, you're doing. Yeah, you're doing. Happy? Like, like lunch. Happy baby? Yeah, always. I love here. Oh, it's in fancy. But I'm easy. Yeah, no stock of that seal I want to buy. Anyway, I just pick up a few adapters here for the tank. So I have to go somewhere else to buy that seal. They got, but it's a big tin. I don't want to spend that much money. Okay, baby, let's go. We go home. I'm going to watch your favorite cartoons. I'm a love. I love it too. Oh, she's tired, my baby. Mommy. Oh, yeah, she's young. Back to bed. You love daddy, you love mommy. Which one you love? You love daddy? Yeah, she loved daddy too. And you love mommy? Show you love mommy. Come on. Show you love mommy. Yeah. Oh, everybody get ready to go to bed. Okay, good night. Finish the bottle. She said bye bye. So cute. Okay, we've received the wipper sleeper battery operated. Anyway, we'll have a look at that tomorrow. Right now, I'm not going to open it now tomorrow. Okay, that's it for today. Good night. See you on the morning. Yay, just say good morning. Another dollar. Although we spent it yesterday, not today. The weather is so, so. It ran last night. Yesterday we had a beautiful sunny day. But unfortunately, I didn't do any work on the house because we had to go to the church. Now we had to go do some shopping. So when I came back, it was too late. Yeah, but a wipper sleeper battery powered and we don't know what this is up. 60-as-world batteries. Hopped to last line. So let's plug this. So, it's now wipper sleeper such it's a bush cutter. Maybe better. Now we go through many things. Okay, let's assemble that. I will test it. Okay, so this is the old different type of cutter. This one for three branches, I guess. Small shrubs, grass. This is probably the one I'm going to use to cut all this. Show you. And this is for the grass. Tell us a copy so you can use the different lengths. It's got a handle. That's pretty good. And I'm charging the battery now. See what happened. It's amazing how I found all the instructions from China are useless. This picture can't see much. Okay, I worked that out. So we can hold here and then tighten the... Okay, done. Ready to try. Pretty dangerous. Sorry, this is wrong. Okay, this is done properly now. Let's try. Maybe it's nothing but my drill battery. Just as heavy as this one. This one's a 68 volt. And this one 14.4. And I see no light in the cutter. Interesting. Anyway, it's working. Okay, let's charge that battery fully, I don't know. Okay, it's our whip of sleeper for small jobs around the house. We'll try that around. Okay, this morning I intend to work on the tank. So I bought a few things. I've got another adapter. So this is the part where the pump is going to suck all the water. So I need another outlet. I got my drill ready to cut the space. And I found a Fabreglass mesh tape, which I could put some before putting the epoxy. Sprinkle, sprinkle, by going up and getting wet if you stay too long under the run. I just tied up my cable. I'll see if it's going to affect the Wi-Fi. Because that was on the floor and everywhere, so it's sold tied up now. Let's check this tank. I think that works pretty well. See, it doesn't come off like the other one I had. That's pretty good. Whoa! It's very, very hot now. Okay, I'm getting wet here now. So this is good. I'm very happy. It's very, very hot. I knew I had to leave it for a few days. It's almost like concrete, so it's pretty good. Surprise! Yesterday was still, I could peel it off a little bit. Now I can't, I break my fingernail if I try to do that. It's amazing. So we're going to continue to shoot with this marinated epoxy. What I'm going to do, maybe I'm going to put some top of glass tape, which I bought. And put a bit more on the area there. And add a bit more of that epoxy, marinated epoxy. Yeah, we're going to do that. The only problem is the bloody weather. I like to spend half the day empty under the house and make some room and put the tank there. That's another option. See how we go. Yuck! Okay, just responding to one of the viewers that, first of all, I honestly don't think that I don't like comments. I appreciate comments very much. Good to me or no good to me, that's beside the point. If they are constructive criticism, I'm very happy to see them and really appreciate them. I'm not going to get upset. I never get upset just if you laugh about me, are you mocking? And in saying things then you off, then you may start annoying me. A viewer said that this tank is made for, it's been built to be underground. And that the fact that it's outside the sun and the weight of the water inside that tank when I last a few weeks. I can see where it's coming from. The way this thing is built, I mean look at this, this is the sort of skeleton of the tank if you like, the frame of the tank and it's got two webs in the middle there, you can see there, against the wall. And they all bolted and hot pretty firmly. So this tank is not, as you see it, it's much stronger than this. It's not going to be the form heavily with water, such. And beside, I'm going to tie up that thing, I'm going to do something to hold the sides and to hold the pressure of the water, whatever. Although I don't think I need it, but I still see if I can do something about it and bolt to the concrete base. And also this tank here has been outside, sitting outside, just next to the bin somewhere here for six months already. And the fact that it cracked it because there was a rock underneath and it started filling up with water and this is how it cracks because it wasn't sitting flat like it is now. So the other advantage as well here is that I only get morning sun. But I can still put a bit of a towel or something, a fabric or something on top of it just to minimize the sun. So I think that tank will last for a long, long time until I get some money and I can lend them by a stainless steel. But this one's going to be here until it lasts. So I'm not going to dismantle it because it's just made of plastic. I will take it off and really start falling apart. And those things have been sitting outside, sitting hard way for quite a while before about them and they in the sun, the rain and whatever. No, they're not getting affected and then I've got to just self destroy after two or three weeks. Oh, a few weeks. That's the answer. Anyway, thank you gentlemen for making some comment and maybe a lot of you had this bit of a question mark on that and I wanted to clarify all that. Let's go back home, it's pissing. Okay, in the meantime, jam is playing with balloons. Oh, she even bought a... Very good. So I can maybe, you like that? And you like it? Look at this high lash, my god. I want to touch that. Yeah, but almost 10 million. Yeah, baby. Okay, I just moved the tank a little bit on the house there. It's no rain reaching me. So I can do some drainage, I can do some work. Okay, I need to tighten this better. Yeah, it has to be tight and maybe it's more than that. But it's done, I've had to seal the one. At least, what happens last time they give me the wrong seal, bloody hell. This one's good. That's okay. So, again, this is the outlet of the pump for the pump. Okay, now this half of the tank is under the house no more excuses, the rain or whatever. So I'm going to work on this thing here. And I need to buy a tool to tighten this. I haven't got anything strange. I thought I had something, but maybe I got some climbs I could use. I'll see. Well, there was a buy. Something. It's no problem. Okay. I'm happy for what I've seen on the inside. I don't want to touch it anymore. Maybe after when I do the external side, you can see the crack easily now. Up to here. And I will do this side here. And that's it. I will run it like this. If you like, then we'll add to the water and do a bit more. But I was impressed by this marine epoxy. With a part A and part B. The part A and part B is an extremely well. I really want a rough surface. So the epoxy will stick nicely. Now we go past the scratch. Some people say you don't have to polish, but some people say you don't have to polish. But I'm going to do that. Co-efficient of friction. Very important. Everywhere in engineering. A little bit of disolven to remove any grease. Anything like that. That's what I use. That's what I had in the shed. I'll do the job. It will come up. That will come up. I have to admit I was impressed for the internal job. I should do the sand for the side. So it took two or three days to really dry. Let me explain. I've got two of those. There's one here. One still up there. They fit into those grooves. But also they hold the tank here. And there. So it makes the tank stronger. It's like the spine of the tank, if you like. So I want the water to stop like this. This is this opening for the septic tank system. It's not good enough for me. What I need to do. Because this is the side. I need to drill a hole maybe here somewhere. So I need to drill a hole maybe here somewhere. On both of them. So water communicates from one container to another. Okay, this was done. Just use this. I'll do the same on the other one. It's raining. The wind so strong. And people still there work here my god. There's lifts flying everywhere. I don't open the window because... I think it's whatever fly here in the other house. So thanks for watching this video and to the next video. Take care everybody. God bless. Bye bye. You