 Music Good morning, guys. Today is going to be great. The guys here are the local stability in our group that have been spending the last two days with. They're picking them up soon. I think they're down there. Well, these are my buddies over there. I'm basically just walking through the pier now. They have a boat for us. We're going to go. I think it's like eight or nine people that we're going. So it's a really fun day. It's fun to boat. On to the boat. We go. Seriously hot day. All right, over here. It's about 45 degrees. So we've got a back to the chapel with the gear today. I don't want to take it anymore. Thousand of 10. There we are. A nice hamburger. Little bit rough. That's the only way to do it. Good I enjoyed some lunch time with God chicken pork more chicken and rice of course DIDT I know it has been much of a dialogue in this video because I'm just standing here with the locals and I don't want to film everything with them. That is too personal thing but it's such a pleasure to be here with them, then taking me here from their town to here and you know I'm not only choice here, it's such a pleasure for them to invite me to join them here. Sorry for the lands, there's a bit of splash from the water but then setting we're going to go have some water dipping right now and we'll call it a night after that. Maybe it's just going to be a norah, it's cinematic shots and maybe we'll go back home tonight, they say maybe 2 am but if not we'll sleep here on the beach if you find and yeah I hope you enjoyed this, it's a really nice island, we got a sambar, only locals here, they're drinking moonshunding, they say try this moonshunding, try this one, you know, no waves, it smells so bad, what is made from the coldness, I think I'll try it later, that's true yet. Hello, or guys I'm actually going to try the traditional red wine, it's made from the coconut, so let's give it a try. It's alright, it's not good, it's not good, it's alright, just give it another taste, just with the other they go. This house here is actually really important, historical place for this island, the big tropical thunderstorm that came destroy all of Lete, Ilanta, destroy this house and it's one of the Marcus, the first president, he built this house on this island, you hear that? He heightier Second World War, he heightier on this island, it's a historical place but they're taking it down now, it's completely ruined because of the tropical storm, so they're going to take it down and build another one, which is understandable because it's completely ruined. This is the last night, it's morning again, that's where we're all slept last night, it's got this sunrise, it's beautiful, it's got loads of fishing boats down there, oh my god, it's been such a good time here with them, we'll be catching the boat 7am, and after that we'll see. Taking care of the beach this guy. The beach is really beautiful, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, it's a beautiful beach, another venture coming to a man, it's been a real pleasure here, being with the locals that I met two days ago, you know, we talked about during the Pesta that I wanted to be able to visit this island, they suggested this one, and yeah, they lived up to their names, even though it was drinking and talking, still, they knock on my door early, it's cool, we went to the island, we spent really nice yesterday, mostly chilling on the beach or in the ocean, and then of course, some dinner, drinking and playing some games, and then we all sleep together in the same tent, like a seven rate of us, so that's gonna be a little pino experience, I guess, it's really nice, we'll be catching the boat about 7 a.m., we cut the sunrise this morning, it goes alright, and we'll go back to Nawal, stay there one night, and then tomorrow, another epic island of Venture, it's one island called Sambawan, also a sleep on the beach, really like that, so until next time guys, peace out! Music