 Vitya Friday. Differishes. Hello people, what's up? Welcome back. Okay, so today we're going to be checking out a video that you guys sent us through that. It starts a bit like, wow, what a nice singing and ends up with like, whoa, what's happening here? I don't really know what the title says. It says, Pina Taewang. Sia. Taewang, Nanta Haaland. I don't know what it means. Everything always has Taewang. No, it's Sha. Right? It was one of these videos. Oh, situation. But they've got a whole crowd gathered. They know they're eating. karaoke, pasta, starter pack. They're eating. Short, probably flip flops. Flip flops. Flops. They mic with, you know, kind of a f*** up cable. Don't eat chili. Bukas na la, mama Ali. You see the kids, look at the kids. They're looking also like, televisions. Maybe it's playing like lyrics or something. I don't know, but at the amount of times I've seen it, because that's so normal over there where you saw a f***ing bunch of karaoke machine and televisions. And then if you start that young, you see this little twop here. It's tight and a little kid. If you start that young, yeah, maybe when you're older, you know, throw a little bit of just love passion for the singing. It's just, I think it's just habit. It starts off as habit. And then you have the nominons that create this beautiful melodies. That's so good. Oh my god. Yes. Nice. It's so good. It doesn't even look like that voice is coming out of the voice. I can't believe it. even look like that voice is coming out of them. They see projects really well. Jesus, dude. Wow. Jesus, dude. Wow. Is he a person with a child in the fucking trolley? What the hell? I was just getting milk. What? Everybody watch you, guess. Oh my god, go back to that. Oh, so, because there's like an octave jump. Just pull that out of nowhere. Why do people, when they whistle, why do they always do that? They always like... Okay, because when you close the little, the little flappy thing here in front of your ear, you can, you have direct hearing to the inside of your lungs. So, you can actually hear with precision what the movement in the lungs is. It's not to be a bit of a bad habit. It's not the most accurate thing of listening to, because you're always advised to find it kinesthetically, rather than having to rely on something so unreliable. It's like enjoying, learn the pattern, don't learn how it sounds. Correct. Because you can always make it sound different. You can orchestrate it differently. Correct. It's the same thing here. So, you're using something that is a bit of a shortcut. Is, like, is immediate? Yes. But it's not 100% accurate and you should learn to trust the kinesthetic feel of the whistle within your throat, not actually having to listen for it to work. Because most of the times you actually block it yourself a little bit, because the whistle notes are so iffy. So, delicate to get right. When you start thinking too much about it, in terms of how it's sounding, you block a bit of like the air way. Or you constrict too much, or you retract a little too much, and then you lose the whistle note. So, yeah, it's more about kinesthetic feel than it is. You see. And you see, it's only in that moment. It's so good. That is ridiculous. It's like more, more, more. More. Pay me. You want more? Pay me. Yeah. Pay me and I whistle for you. Yeah. I don't even understand that. I've tried it, but I mean the bathroom, but I'm having a shower or something. I've witnessed that. It's so weird. It must be so strange. Because it's also like in the Philippines, it's like the party trick. Well, it can be whistle note. The thing is though, the fact that a lot of people get it right, it's like what? It's the same that people do the lecada. That's like, dude, what the? Ha! Oh, they get the sauce. It's the thing. No, that's not normal. I'm learning how to whistle that's also like... No, like put it into perspective. Not the whistle register. Like actually, whistle when you're lips. It's quite tough. I can't whistle. But imagine, I think, oh, I just discovered a way I can whistle in like a whistle register either. Because you can't whistle in real life. I don't know. I don't know. I don't think so. I don't know. I don't know. That's a good question, right? I don't think there is. I wonder if anyone knows what I think. I think there's a stupid thing to say. I don't know. I don't know.