 Angry foreigners and video cameras are a very bad combination. Hello everyone, welcome back to my channel. Really sorry I've been away for a few weeks now, not not getting any videos done. It's been real busy, very busy at our shop, but I got to get some content out there and stick with this. All of you that support me, you deserve it. Hopefully I can continue this and not get too far behind like I just did. So today, the Angry foreigner, it's a problem that we have here often. They get out, they have a meltdown and of course with so many video cameras, it starts going around and people just making a fool out of themselves. We get a carer in or can however you want to look at. So yeah, once again a couple videos that popped up this last week and I thought I would put my two pesos in about it. First one, I believe it was in the Valsity, a little road rage incident happened. Apparently a foreigner got cut off by a Japanese driver and I guess some words got passed back and forth. For whatever reason foreigner gets out of his car and goes and gets in a verbal confrontation with the other driver and smashes his mirror. The Japanese driver gets a bar out or some kind of pole, some accident in the face. The foreigner takes the pole away and starts chasing him. Meanwhile being held back by his wife holding, dragging him down by a shirt the whole time, the whole video. Along with some what look like local officials possibly from the fire department. We're gonna take a seat. It's hot out here. Anyway, you know, you know how these things go on videos like that. The video always starts out and you know a lot of it's already happened. So you never really get to know what's going on from the very start. And as usual, the foreigner is looking pretty bad in the video that they did show it. So other parts of the story came out about the first of it and the last of it. That wasn't on video. You know, it comes out over the next couple days. But anyway, whether or not this guy was in the right or wrong, basically my my opinion on it is he was in the wrong from the moment, you know, he grabbed his door handle and got out of his vehicle to go out of words. I mean, because he got cut off in traffic. In the Philippines, if you ain't getting cut off in traffic, you're doing something wrong. Okay, it's just the way it is here. So you know, that's how that one got. Now, apparently the rest of the story is they both ended up at the Burungai office. They worked it all out. No charges were filed. Everyone kissed and made up and all was well. Well, maybe. Anyway, on to the next one. I don't know where this one happened, but this guy was really making the ass out of himself because of a food delivery from food panda. Didn't show up. Or was late work to whatever effect. And that's when the video takes, you know, starts out. And this guy's verbally of using the driver and then, you know, two, three times actually, he assaulted the driver while he's filming, you know, the writer. And he really was making the ass out of himself. So there's really not too much to the story on that one. It's pretty well told. Haven't heard what the disposition on that one is. It probably is not going to go very well for him because it obviously shows him definitely in the wrong. And whether you are right or wrong, the fact that you get yourself to the point where you're on camera here, having a meltdown. Now I know it's. I know it's not easy. Okay. We all have our bad days. God knows I have mine. You know, but you have to consider, you know, where we are. And also the image that we put out there. And that's all of us. It doesn't mean Americans. It doesn't mean Australians are in it's all of us because we're all one. We're all foreigners in the light in the eyes of the Filipinos. We are all foreigners. So when videos like this show up of foreigners acting bad angry foreigners, it puts a bad light on all of us. And now I'm sure there's plenty of you out there that will just say, well, I'm not like that. I could care less what other people do. Well, it actually does affect you because like I said, in the eyes of the Filipinos, once that happens in a couple videos like that go what do you call viral and they're all over the place, the Filipinos are seeing that and they're getting a bad attitude now toward foreigners. Now here you step in. Everything's great with you. You never have any problems at all. But this day you're having a bad day. It's hot out. It's hot right now. It's only 8 o'clock in the morning. I'm already hot out here. And let's say the power is out at your house. We have brownouts here. So now you're really hot. And you've been somewhere and of course they gave you the same story. Sorry sir, out of stock. Now you're getting a little frustrated. You stop at the market. I figured I'll pick up a few things and go home. And something happens and boom, you raise your voice. The Filipinos there, maybe they were just watching the video of other foreigners getting in with these arguments. And they've already, now they've got a bad taste for foreigners. And here you come in. Maybe you just raise your voice a little bit. Maybe you get, you know, let out some of that sarcasm, which Filipinos don't understand sarcasm one bit. They think it's rude. They think it's disrespectful. They think you're making fun of them mocking them. And they really don't like it at all. So say you just, you know, let out a little something. Next thing you know, you're in a verbal competition. That's not all that bad. Nothing should even come of it. Boom. Now you're on video. So now you're the third one in a week's time and it gets out there. Okay, so nothing's happened. No charges have been filed. But here's the problem. And especially now we have a new administration coming in in like one week, 10 days from now. Now, immigration can get a hold of this. Probably people are sending this to immigration. And you know, one, okay, they look at it. Maybe two, you know, maybe needs to take, you know, take a closer look because the guy was, you know, quite physical. Now your show's up. And someone in the immigration may be higher up. So I want to put a stop to this. We need to set an example again to the foreigners here. Okay, and something like that could very easily happen over just the videos that are out there right now. So you can see how you can get caught up in this and not really do that much for it to happen to you. We are all under a spotlight here. So, and now, you know, you might say, well, they can't do nothing because no charges were filed. And that's not true at all. They have what they call undesirable immigration users. It's a little clause they have in immigration. And it's called undesirable. And it doesn't take like an attorney or a judge or anything else to determine that you are undesirable. It takes a couple of officials at immigration to say that. And there's no hearing, you know, you're not there to defend yourself. Nothing. They just make that determination. Boom, deportation orders are then set for you. Okay, and they can arrest you for this. They can arrest you for being undesirable. Lock you up until you are put on the plane out of this country. And this is what happens to people here. So don't think that you got away with something because no charges were filed. Okay. And, you know, it happens before the beginning of the pandemic, when the lockdowns all started, everyone had to work face masks. Everyone had to stay at home and all this stuff. There was an incident. And this was a very upscale subdivision in Makati, a foreigner. And he was here on a permanent resident visa, not a tourist. He'd been here many years. He had a business. Him and his wife, they had a business. They had a very nice home there, very expensive home. And something was said, some of the barunga officials in that were in the area checking on people. They saw one of his staff with maid or something to that effect. Didn't have her mask on in the garden on their property, in the garden watering plants, something of that effect. And they told her she had to get a mask on. And this guy comes out, look like he was probably drunk. Maybe. Don't know. And he starts verbally abusing the barunga officials. And he got pretty nasty with him. Now, no, you know, no touching, no, no wrestling, no fighting of any kind happened. This verbal exchange. And like I said, he got pretty nasty was what he said. Well, that one went viral real quick. And there happened to be another there was two or three about the same time. But that one got a lot of light. And they they came in a few days later and arrested him for undesirable. And they they shipped him out back to his home country, Spain. I believe he was from Spain. And he was blacklisted. So here he's got a home. And everything he's, you know, got built up here in the Philippines. And he can't come back here. And it just over, you know, having a really bad day, having a meltdown, shooting her mouth off, getting real nasty with people. And that's what can happen here. So when you see this, it does affect us all. The only thing I can say is, you know, you really got to try to keep your cool. The best you can. Of course, you know, things happen and you may have to defend yourself in something. But you got to, you know, you got to deescalate things as much as possible whenever you can. There's a proper way to go about it. You don't want to be seen like this by people. You may be respected in your neighborhood and your barunguy. People take care of you like they do me here. They treat me great here. But if I was to fill up in one of those videos to go around, be a nasty, the Filipinos like that. Saying nasty things like that. I would lose all respect here. And life here would not be very good for me anymore. It makes a big difference how the people around here treat you. And so you don't want that. So try to keep your cool and don't be on another video. Okay. So there's my, that was more than two paces. But anyway, it'd been on my mind. And I wanted to get it out there and just let everyone know, you know, be cool. It's hard right now to. It's really hot. I will get back to some some other videos. I was looking at some content for and I'll start getting these back out. And get back in gear and, you know, be the right blogger out there. Speaking of bloggers. Oh my god. I probably ought to do another video on that one. But anyway, I'll, I might just let that be. So everyone out there. Hey, it's Father's Day too. Happy Father's Day. Everybody out there. I hope it's a great day for you all. Take care and I'll see you again real soon. Bye.