 Let's say you should always say for a ring day, I think the ring days are here and Philip means there's not a cheap country to live in. So, I'll go through. So I'll go through. Ah, that's a lemon. That's a lemon. Let's go. So, we've been living in a Philip means since June 2005. What? 21. It's right in the number one. No, that's not true. That's a pretty good thing. Maybe you have in your mind, but I've only been living since 2021. I've only been living since 2021. I think what James means is physically, we've been here since 2021. And your heart is heaven for the Philippines. But maybe physically you are living in England, but spiritually you're still here very much. We've been living here since June 2021 in Philippines. We've been in our house over 12 months, my 12-fold calendar month. We set a budget back in England before we came out and last year we gave you an update on our budget and we stuck to it for the most part. And now today we're going to go through how our budget can affect the private cost of living and our inflation and any other factors living in the Philippines. Yes, please. Something that we don't do in sort of vlog softening. We like to give an insight on what we do on a day-to-day basis since we move here. We've retired, we don't work anymore. That's what that means. But it doesn't mean that we've given up on life. We don't sit back and do nothing to a quite busy people. And we set a budget before we moved to the Philippines. We were called every month, what we spend, everything we spend. It's the only way to move, for sure, if you purchase an accurate or not. And you find that some months are more expensive than others. But you do need to be very, very strict with your money if you want it to go a long way. Contrary to what you might believe, Philippines is not a cheap country to live in. Maybe it was, once upon a time, several years ago, but cost of living has really wrapped up in the last couple of years. It's been for its every year. Not even a little bit. Sometimes it's noticeable, sometimes it's not noticeable. But the biggest increases tend to be, there's something called spurt-based so-and-thing, such a porcupate so. Now that is far higher than the recommendation. At 10% it increases a third, 33.3%. It's not the recommendation, which in the Philippines is probably somewhere around 6% to 8%. Maybe more, maybe less, I'm not sure exactly. But things don't tend to follow in the pleasure of not be sure. What you tend to find is that when somebody puts the prices up, every else copies and follows. So we found that our food costs are gone after the last. For five months. Not just for Christmas, but in general, by shopping in the supermarket, rather than the public market. Sometimes it's convenient to go to the supermarket when you're going to the mall, and then you just go straight to the supermarket. Yeah, especially when you go in there for a couple of odd terms, but you end up buying other things. For example, for vegetables in the supermarket, we don't ever recommend buying your vegetables from the supermarket. A couple of reasons, the prices, is the first, cauliflower and broccoli, around 400 plus pesos a kilo. 200 to 250. It's much better. It's still not cheap compared to what it was in the UK. But where we are in LAT, there's good supply of vegetables like that. So it's reasonable price. We did find actually a manila that things are broccoli work. A hundred pesos a kilo, even. Yeah, it's much cheaper. Which means that. It's absolutely amazed us how the food costs in different parts of the country. It's a different based on supply. There's a big, big variety of prices, all fiber-filippines. So again, coming back to the budget just quickly, our budget works for us in LAT. Our budget might not work for somebody in Manila or Samu. It does vary, don't it, depending on where you live. It's far more loose in the province. Yeah. Not everything in there. Not everything. As you see, the broccoli, cauliflower is much cheaper in Manila. We move into Manila. We check the prices of the vegetables. Some are much cheaper but, here in the supermarket, it's much, much. 400 per kilo. Much more. Yeah, 400 to 120 per kilo. But in the same supermarket, in the very same supermarket, but in Manila, 420, it's only 100. It's a big difference. In our ideal world, there will be a really good supply for all the supermarkets in the Philippines and they can supply every region at the same price. That would be perfect, but that's not going to happen any time soon. So your best bet is to go to the local market and buy from local vendors, local sellers, the farmers, directors you can. Most of where we are, there's lots of vegetables being sold at good prices, very reasonable prices. That's the best way you can get your budget down for food. It's shop local. It's quite nice as well to support the locals. It's not far to go. It helps them out. It helps you out. And it keeps them going. We buy our meat generally from the supermarket as it's more convenient for us to buy in bulk. The prices are very similar to the market. The public market that is. There's not much differences there, really. Pork chops, for example, chicken breast, chicken wings. There's the real, they've got a difference from the supermarket and the local market. We've also do a lot of online shopping, but not for items, mostly for food. As if you buy stuff in bulk online, you get some really good deals. We find it's much cheaper to order or you're able to walk online, rather than buying on the supermarket. Absolutely, yeah. Back if it's more back if it's much. You buy, you pay much more than the supermarket, package goods. Sometimes in the market you can get it for a good price, but the supply isn't always there. Easy to buy it for in a place like Shoppy or Lazara. You pay a little bit of delivery costs, but sometimes you get a financial purchase, so it's not much at all. And you can stock up on stuff that. What you call kitchen essentials, for cooking, for snacks, ingredients. That's how we can save a lot of money, and we do save a lot of money that way. So our food budget has been slightly over the last few months, so we've made some changes, some sacrifices, some adjustments to bring our budget back in line. We don't eat out as often as we used to, not when we first moved to the Philippines. The more cooking now, we shop in the local market, public market. Yeah. And so we do cooking a ton rather than eating out. Yeah, it's more satisfying. You know what's in the food, you know, if you want to die or you have allergies, for example, you know, exactly what's in it. You can control it, you can control the amount of sugar, the amount of oil. You can trim off the fat if you're watching your weight, like I am a little bit. But eating out is fun, it's nice, and you shouldn't neglect this completely, but we have reduced it significantly. When we moved here, we wanted to try everything, we wanted to try the jolly beer, the inner sour, we wanted to go to the, or you can eat kurea, and we wanted to go to a high non-barbecue, which we still do sometimes time. But we wanted to do it all, we wanted to try it all, and that's natural. That's like when you live like a tourist, and not like a local, you, feel it you're on holiday constantly. But the longer you live here, the more you adapt and adjust, and you start living the way you used to live your life, where you, you can't be sensible with money, which you're budgeted. As you can't play with budget, you play your budget, you're in trouble. But by cutting down our Eton out, we've managed to offset our overspending the groceries. Our electricity costs, now we budgeted or planned for two and a half thousand pesos a month, and we were under budget for a while, but not through our own use, it's actually through the cost of energy, it's gone up as it has everywhere in the world. But not as drastically as some countries like the UK, unfortunately. Sometimes as out of your control, isn't it? Because these sort of costs, you can't deal too much. The only thing you can do is invest in solar, and be mindful when you use electricity. One of the ways to bring down energy costs, for example, is to plan when you build your house, and we did plan the windows, we planned the design. It's about as bad from school, we didn't have it hard at the moment. Cool, and it's early because it's regular. It's like doing, or LPA, a lot of rain, a lot of red warnings at the moment, wherever you are. So it's about as that of school early, and we didn't have a card at the moment, and we'll explain that in an upcoming vlog. Why that's the case, it's not a permanent thing, trust me. So many for a couple of days. So, our electricity cost isn't so bad. It averages around two and a half to three thousand pesos a month. The rate actually dropped in December, and it's projected, it's going to drop even more, January, February, March, here in Lady where we are. It might actually go back down to where we budgeted, or even less. Now we're looking into solar power. It's something we probably would invest in this year. Maybe not full scale, but there were certainly lots of options, and we're going to share what we're going to do in upcoming vlogs. So electricity is something we can control to some extent, but we're a bit powerless when it comes to the rate of powerless. Let's just take... Oh, no. So, one of the biggest expenses is housing and the Philippines isn't that? Yeah. By far, probably the biggest for most people. I would say if you move into the Philippines before you move, it's probably best to find, like, prepare, like if you have land, or maybe bought by some land first, plan to build a house rather than if you move here and then you are just renting. Yeah. It's very extensive. Yeah, and costs are going up year-on-year, even month-on-month sometimes. Not just cost of food and stuff, but building supplies. Some of the building equipment materials is really going up. The labor costs are obviously going to go up year-by-year as when you get cost of living, increases in inflation, the workers need to be paid. A good amount of fare amount. You can't undercut them as it's not fair. They have families to support too. So, where is in the past you might have got a better rate for the builders, a lower rate? You pay more now, and there's any fare. It's any reasonable to expect to do that. If you have a land and you're going to be building a house, don't put off doing it. Start today. What we wanted it finished when we were here, but we wanted 85% of it finished before we were here, if that makes sense. As money became available in the UK from savings from work, we used to save money in the UK as well. We used to save quite a lot of money. We used to budget it. We were always budgeted. It's the only way to save money. Yeah, if you plan for your future, you have to save. You have to budget, and if you have to support fees and holidays. The other thing we mentioned earlier is, wait for the exchange rate to be cured. Back in the UK, again, there was a little thing called Brexit in 2016, where the peso dropped. It crashed. And you have to hold off some of the money across until it got better. And when it got better, it did. It got 72. So, it went from 56 to 72. That extra 16 pesos per pound is huge when you build an house. When you're talking potentially millions of pesos, in building costs and supplies, it goes a very long way. Plan in your house, start building it now. Also, another way you can save money on your food is to grow your own. We started, but what we didn't do and what we should have done is we should have planted more trees when we were first here. Yes, that is advantage because by the time you are living here, you already have best your fruits. Absolutely. Every day I go in the garden and I stare at the coconut trees. Why won't you grow? Why won't you give us coconuts? Why would you give a kid? But it is almost like that. You look at the window. That mango tree has got fewer leaves. I think it's a half inch taller today. If I just wait until it is better fruit, you keep watching the calendar. Another month has gone by, new fruit. Another month, new fruit. Another month, new fruit. But we already have been in some guyabana. Absolutely. They were planted five years ago, were they? What do you call it, the English style fruit? Sao Sao. Sao Sao. Sao Sao fruit. Sao. It's a lemon, that's... Sao Svew. So you're fighting for a lemon, thinking it's an orange. You're face goods like this. Your lips go... No! It's going to show. Sao Svew. I got it. Wait, how are you going to say that? Sao Sao. Go ahead, Vanu. But what you want to say is, these are planted before you arrived. I think it was 2018 they were put in. And last year we got fruit. Yeah, the 2018. This year now, all of our guyabana has had given us fruit, which is such an amazing feeling. Yeah. As if we put them in... ...plug. If we put them in the ground today, we're waiting for years to get any fruit. For five years, it depends. Yeah. Well, if you only... What you got at the... Markwood. Markwood. If you mark what you've been cut a year or two off, can't you? Yeah. Three years probably will give you fruits already. But it's still a long time to wait. If it's something you know, you definitely want. Plan your garden first. Put your trees in. Vegetables not so much, you're lonely looking to three, four months for vegetables to come through. But certainly your trees. If you have a lot of land, designed a garden and the house at the same time, don't neglect the garden. That's what we did. It was a bit of a mistake. We've now got the garden 90% how we want it. But had we done this years ago, we could have mature trees now. We could have coconuts, we could have mangoes. And we'll be happy. But... We still have. We're still happy because we still have some fruit and vegetables. They grow quite easily here. We got a lot to learn. We really do. We're not experts, but it's part of the fun. So when is the value of school and go to college? Our budget will need to be looked at. And it may change. Maybe less, maybe more. Maybe the same. We'll have to see. Obviously with a budget, you can't stick to it forever. We didn't set a budget for the next 20, 30 years of our lives. You have to review it every year. You have to go back on what you spent. Yeah. And see the areas where you can save money. That's what we're doing right now. When costs go up, you need to make sacrifices. You need to make changes. Either that, or you need to find a way to increase your budget. Which we can do. So as your budget can change, you also do need to have savings if possible. If you're under budget one month, don't just spend it. Save it for the next month. If you're under the year, if your budget even is out, that's great. If you have money left over, even better. They call it saving for a rainy day in the UK. What that means is, basically, you don't literally save them for a rainy day. They're saying that when things are good, save money for when things are bad, when times are bad. As when your health's good, you're not spending any money when it's bad. You might spend a lot of money. So save what you can. So the money's there, if and when you need it, when times want so good. So that's what we have involved in to our budget. Not a month by month by budget. So year by year, we have £6,000, which is around £400,000. And that's what we stick to. Some months we go over, some months we go under. But it has to even vary, even with the cost of living and inflation going up. It's okay. Our petrol has gone up, as we've changed our car. We've got a more practical car now for what we need. But it's not as economical. And I said a bit early, we didn't have a car at the moment. We will cover this in another vlog. As this is something we feel is probably very important for foreigners, especially moving here. Why should you buy a second-hand car, not a new car, or can you trust a second-hand car in the Philippines? Our costs have been going up, but we've made some cutbacks. We've made some changes. We're going to detail when I come in vlog to exactly what we've done. And we've got some big plans this year. How we can save money, but also other things we're going to be doing. We're just going to keep us busy, and be very rewarding for us. The lifestyle is a big factor when it comes to budgeting. If you go out more, if you want to travel more, you need more money. If you're content at home doing things for yourself, cooking for yourself, you don't need so much. So thanks so much for watching. If you have any questions for us, any comments, if you want to share what your budget is, or your planned budget for living in the Philippines, drop us a comment. Everyone's budget is going to be different. That's human nature. But some people say you need $2,000 a month, $3,000 a month. Maybe you're doing a city, if you're going to rent. Maybe you do if you'd like to go and holler there in vacations. Travel a lot, eat out a lot. Eat out a lot. You smoke if you drink. Yeah, it depends. Really. But that is our budget for us. For us, as a family of three, and three animals, three and a half animals. Thank you very much for watching. If you like our content, please consider subscribing. As we're going to cover topics like this in the future, we're going to revisit our budget every now and then. We're going to update you when there's every risk of sickness can change to our budget or our expenses. And if you're interested on how much things cost in the third opinion, drop us a comment. As things have gone up, it's maybe not the cheap country it used to be. I will see you on our next one.