 Another beautiful day in the Philippines except for the rain right? It's rainy season right now especially December or January it's always raining like almost every day and yeah but we made the best out of it. Earlier we went to Robinson Mall because we bought some dog treats and things like that and also some ingredients because I will cook today a very special traditional German dish called Katofin Supere. Yes it means like potato soup. It's a very very popular dish in Germany kind of easy to make that's what we will go not to today. You will take care of Freya right? While I will start cooking now. Yes. I will prepare stuff and then I will start to cook the potato soup. I will show you guys first what we need of course to make a potato soup we need a lot of potato. Before we start cooking we need to go to the Sarisari store in our street to see if they have onion because we used all the onion yesterday for our dinner and for the potato soup I definitely need onion that's why we will just go there and see if they have it. And of course we will bring Freya with us she always likes to go out every time and there's an opportunity she wants to go with us. Do you want to go gasi? No go gasi. Very good. Let's go. Hello. Yeah onion. Hello. We have onion. There are no onions here in the Sarisari store in our street that's why we need to walk a little bit. The next Sarisari store is just down the road. We will go there and check. We will also bring Freya. Let's go. Find onion. We will be rich. We are back but we are not able to find any onion that's why I will just go back to the mall and buy onion there and then let's cook. We will go there and see if we can find any onion. We will go there and see if we can find any onion. We will go there and see if we can find any onion. Okay guys the main part is done. Cutting everything and preparing. We have everything now here. It's like carrots, celery, onions, spring onions. Everything here we are just waiting for the potatoes to be done. Then we will cut them and then everything will be fried in olive oil and then we are almost done. It's done. This is the famous potato soup from Germany. Very, very healthy.