 I didn't get half of what you're saying. You're speaking very quietly for me in my old deaf ears. I did say it in the air for a while. So I don't think. Thank gosh. That's what we do the old days. And that's what it was. The three tubes run the air for like, what? But you're OK now. Yeah, I went about a month, three or four weeks after I got a hospital, went up to the work. And the first thing one of the guys said to me is, Christ, you've got some color back in your face. But thanks. But I feel a lot better. Imagine you do. I do get a, I have, I feel a bit of weight on. I've got one spare tire, a gluten belt, and you get rid of something. I get a tad creaky, so it's not as well. I don't go out walking, but I say, airport, when I bring my flight, I thought, because somebody airports distance you have to walk. I thought, I'll phone them up. As he's going to range for assistance, wheelchair assistance. She has a splinter mobbing arms and stuff. OK. We divide. That's a shirt, miss. I won't miss that. Somebody escort me all the way. I have to walk all the way there. So when was that? You were here last summer. It's still hot. It's your end of June. I'm beginning to join. What when did you see us last? Most of the first time I came over, years ago. Yeah, it was at the, it was at, I was on to that cafe. Where, I think we went to a cafe that's closed now. Yeah. That's where the water is. On the water. Yeah. Yeah, it's still on. It's the first time, yeah. It's the first time, yeah. So you're planning to retire here? Oh, yeah. We went to the first met and we were living in a rental place. And the guy, he's been a rent out. I've been a afforded class as well. So you can find some land. And if I can get them on a, or buy it. So they've got a farm that's law around that was 15 feet, it's 15 meters by 15 meters. And it was 9,000. 50 by 50. 15 by 50. 15. 15 meters by 15 meters. I think that's what it was. There was 99,000. I kind of was, well, in Pond's Inn, it was a wooden, I have no undercut. I said, well, all days I'll see if I can get the money. See if the money help please. I was working, I got the money. The same to the one who was right, buying the land. So we marked how you saw the area. Some sort of an extended area. And I've done some. You do anything about it being a brand. And I was thinking, the guy who found you a bit me, I think you're the big pay Israel. Even me. Well, there's a foreigner over there. Let's get me in one of you. I'm going to say yes to the reason of living in a house. It was a well. And it was a pump in the house. Right. It was a pump wall. It was an owner's house. No, he couldn't live. I'll be sorry. Salam, aunt. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, I saw a. She asked me to send the money regularly. I want some money. There's no allowance. And she says, we need to get the catch in the floor, facts. Can you send money to get a fix? Yeah, also in money. Well, I thought when they said to get the catch in the floor, facts, I thought it was just the catch in the floor. It was. There's a whole bunch as well. I got a stroke when she said before, my god. I thought it was just the catch in the floor. Sorry. The thing is, when we started, it was like that. The wall there, the wall there, the wall there. Well, here, it was so far in the stock, because there's a wall there, with a toilet. Now, instead of building onto that wall, perhaps you don't know, front of that. So you go to the wall there. And then the stock, and that, with a fix in the floor, and the beam, still far didn't, but another beam. So far didn't, the next floor, another beam, and a pool. They're coming across from the catch in the floor. They stopped, and did the other one. But there's no color on either side. You go on the wall like that, and it goes like that. And they said, I see, they said, put the pillars in first. Now they're going to have to take a hole and take some of the grease that's standing there to get the color in. And they've got, I was on the center and I was just saying, for instance, right there, why is it you're needing to carry on? I wrote down what you need in the system. How much is that? How much is that? Or do you want to get much more legal material in the cost? And I had quite a bit of money left, though, because I saved a lot of quite a bit of money. You can also get a bike. But the bike was initially wanting. You only had to 1, 2, 5. Then I wanted to have one six fives. So I went for another bike, which was that one, 50 years. And I see you're set up for a foot Filipino use there. Oh, that was already older. That was already older. You didn't want it? That was already older. Yeah, it's set up for the extra Filipino passenger, you know, it's more set up for three or four people. I tell you, I have bonds to be an Erica. Me, Erica, a sister and a friend. I did it once. And I will never do it again. Never. Come back to sister at the school, tell her who's never again. Even the sister says, she'll never go on the bike with me again. I say, it's the Erica. I want to do the two of you. It's all right. You're okay when it's just me. Has there not been news while you've been away? Oh, yeah, I was because I don't know for a fact. As I said, when I left it, it was under 500. Because it's too long for a car. I was service at 500 or 1,000. So it was just under. So about 20 under. I see, I'll get that done when I come back. And I come back. And it's up 800. So someone had been used there. I said, don't mind. But the thing is, I didn't get it too nice though. I just gave up. I was sure this was. Well, that's what. Yeah, I was. The reason I came here, like, because I was in a shoe exactly where it's to go. I went out there, of course, at 10. Yeah. I said, share it with you. Morning, Terence. No, no, no.