 The Beast money sunny day for now a lot of clouds around a lot of winds so we see what we can do today we worry that we are short on water now no triff is going to run but the clouds are there and bell is here and bell is here playing oh she wants something oh you got a long arm hello let's see the clouds on the other side this side no much how about this side? yeah a lot of clouds coming in but no round because the wind is too strong I guess yeah just come from the Sarri's tour next door just down the hill there I get some well water because I'm about to run out anyway and we need some nice clean water so I cleaned up all the trash bin around and the weather has been well no round for three four days four days now maybe more maybe more so those trash bin has been last caught a little while so the big time will be even better but I think it's going to run now so let's have a look at the sky yeah it sounds very very sharp before so it's a sign that's going to run hopefully oh bell I just had a bath she loves it she really loves water am I love? did you love it? ok let's do some work on those tanks before lunch ok I'm going to go back and work on that tank until next time just one thing that some of you have mentioned I mean fair enough that maybe I should just build an underground concrete tank it could be 8000 liters or something yes it's a great idea but where's the money come from? this is why this current old X septic tank which I never use septic tank I want to convert to a water tank and that will cost me about 1,500 but if I want to make an underground concrete tank or even above ground it's going to be about 15,000 pesos probably labor material you know it's not a small job if I want to do that I don't want to do just a small tank it's got to be at least 8000 liters 7000 liters or something other so I just want to clarify on that so guys don't forget I'm just using my pen at the moment to the things and I know it's a bit slow but we'll get it done and I hope you will enjoy your sun time in this video what the Garcia family doing and some of the things with Isabella and J.M and I hope you enjoy the whole package let me know if anything you want us to change somebody said to me I should probably make movie the open day I'm so busy already and running a YouTube channel the way I run it is very very time consuming it takes you half of your day already you know you got to do filming like now talking and then you have to do your editing and so many things and because when you work you don't want to do some filming so your work is slow down because you need to put the camera somewhere to think about how you're going to film that how you're going to explain everything takes time everything is time consuming so yeah if I could if I could get two three videos there would be fantastic the money is always needed and I wish I could do that but I can't so I will try it's noted that some of you guys won movie videos and I'm trying to do that but at the moment I'm struggling with this tank and now I'm going to have to build what we call a scaffolding somehow so I can go up the top and connect some gattas sorry connect some PVC pipe to the gattas and then to the side of the wall coming down and up to the tank so that's going to be interesting that's going to be the sick of the solaing I'm sure you will love that to see me going up there so anyway for now just get that tank together and then we're going to this acrobatic thing this is my temporary workshop under the house so anyway let's have a look at this job I've done yesterday so I'm sure oh yeah it's pretty strong take this off so I'm going to do I'm going to put some more marina epoxy all around here and then maybe you need to do some more here as well we'll see and then we put a marina epoxy on the other side maybe I'll show you the other the other hole I think may have shown you that in the last video but this is going to happen today and then this is going to be anti-rust painted inside and outside and that should do okay let's do that okay it's a bit of a mess when you first put that in but then with water in your hands make everything smooth jams cooking something special never seen this before so I'll probably show you the recipe okay I'm working out on my computer but jams call me let's have a look oh what a surprise oh my god nice view that's nice wow are we sitting on the porch entrance thank you my love that's very very nice water surprise and actually I'm starving okay let's hit beautiful let's hit and eat let's try the fried chicken oh this is better than KFC good or fall she's surprised me all the time yeah let's try the vegetable now that's very unique spiff and vegetable coldly flour coldly flour coldly flour it's nice beautiful I'm so lucky I'm so lucky but I just wake up gosh that was nice but it's not finished yet still have to eat the fruit yum that's unhealthy thank you yeah yeah yeah you remember I bought some more marina epoxy but this one is different color this one here it's got a great color you can see but the one I used to use I hope it's the same because this one is done a very good job the gray one I'm not sure so anyway this is the top of the tank there's not much water there most of the time there will be maybe just about no water there I guess it goes full but we'll see but that's it now ready to assemble everything tomorrow hopefully things will be relatively dry I will check it and we'll assemble tomorrow now what I need to worry about is it's got fall down to go all the way up there run a pipe to the wall down and to the tank you can see the nails here so it's got fall you have to go that high so I can reach yeah okay I will have to build something maybe I just pay my never it's going to be on Sunday just ask him to do this job but he walks during the week I will ask him good morning I know the good morning another dollar I need to get this bloody tank together and then forget about it moving to other things okay brother just came to pick up the package for the wife I had the mountain that's antenna, modern, everything that I used time didn't work here I hope it works well for them and then we can do some live streamers from there as well well it's you can watch movies and things hello you naughty girl hello gorgeous I want many more can I it's been rainy yesterday last night it's been rainy last night no much but James gonna fit the chicken and the rooster oh my god oh my god chicken here I love the rooster okay this baby is going on top of this today I hope so sick of it so let's prepare this one needs to be cleaned up all the edges needs to be clean I probably have to clean a bit more there you can see there's still some stuff on the edge there that ought to be ready to be spray washed and then turn around clean all the edges and then spray spray spray spray spray spray spray spray spray spray spray spray spray though quiet why condiment utmost tenho I think I have to stop filming and just concentrate on that. I will show you later which seal I've been using. Okay, I just put the seal in everywhere. I'm going to get GM to come and help me and put the top half-tank on top of this. It's for a very, very long time. So let's put all those bolts around and tie them up. Looking good. There's about 62 screws. Wish me good luck. I'm going to put the top half-tank on top of this. I'm going to put the top half-tank on top of this. Okay, at last this tank has been assembled. So it's all about connection now. My little girl here, she came to see what daddy talked about. So I will see that on the next tomorrow or the next video. So that's it for today. I'm just having a bit of a rest. So I got 62 bolts to tighten. Cheers guys. Who's this here? That's my cute baby. He's playing with mommy. He's so cute. Are you going to laugh or are you going to cry? Pick a boo. Pick a boo. Oh. So thanks for watching this video and to the next video. Take care everybody. God bless. Goodbye. You