 Follow it, run, run, run. We're taking five. All right, Joel, welcome back to Common Arms Channel. So, today's video we're doing something that I'm not too familiar with, but it's been a recommendation that I've been getting a lot recently. So, a lot of y'all have been wanting to have me react to the Philippines and the military, and just generally the situation going on in the Philippines. So, I found a good video from Vice. It's actually a little bit old now, so this is from 2017. But it's a pretty solid video that was covering things that were going on in the Philippines, particularly from the Philippines Special Forces side. So, I'm not going to lie, from what I've seen from the Philippines Special Forces, it's they're very, they're very, I don't even know, they're very gritty dudes. They're very devoted to what they're doing. You can tell they're very disciplined, and it means a lot to them. So, it's cool. I really want to check out this video so we can get a better understanding of their mindset about what's happening in the Philippines and what they actually have to do to combat everything. So, this is about the ISIS in Philippines and how the Philippines Special Forces are basically what they're doing to react to the ISIS there. Now, again, this video is pretty old, so things might have changed if I say something in accurate, or if the video says something in accurate, feel free to correct me or correct the video. Because I know this might be a very sensitive issue for some people, especially all living over in the Philippines. So, this would be very cool to check out. Again, if you guys haven't seen my merch, I'll put a link down in the video description. I did redesign the channel logo recently, because it's a cool idea, but the old design, which is a little bit messy or so, I really cleaned it up, and yeah, I'll throw it up in the video, but yeah, it looks a lot better now. So, I've replaced the old design in the merch store, so if you guys want to go and check that out, feel free. I'll drop a link down in the video description, but that means there's a lot of cool stuff for you guys to choose from. But yeah, I'm excited to check this video out. Again, Philippines Special Forces, they seem like a very awesome group, and they seem like they're really devoted to what they're doing. So, yeah, let's check it out. Oh, nice ride. Boss, last time! Very cool here. Let's go right into it. Man, okay, what is that? An M24? That is a beautiful ride for, I gotta say. But yeah, so far, their kit looks really cool, and again, we're seeing that, that discipline, that professionalism already, especially, you know, with Vice, and they have a camera crew, and whatnot, they're trying to make sure that they're safe, and they know this territory pretty well, but you can imagine things can get pretty hectic regardless, because it's a very messy, urban environment. It can get, yeah, it can get super crazy. Stuff happening all over the place, and it'd be hard to just spot certain things with all the, with all the, the, the, the, uh, wreckage. wreckage? With all the wreckage going on in this video, you can see it, there's a whole lot of places for them to get contacted from, and yeah, it's pretty stressful, but yeah, let's press on. These are the Philippine special forces on the hunt for ISIS militants. Just taking cover here, because I was, you know, I'm just looking to be able to go into the positions they need to be in this challenge. She's brave for even going in there. They're accustomed to jungle fighting the urban warfare, battling in these tight alleyways is proving harder than expected. Right. She's not a mess around now. He's building so previously occupied by the terrorists. They're still here. They were still shooting at us. Where are the snipers? Yeah, they're building some of them. How close? That's close. These forces are turning this bond out school into a sniper outpost, and preparing to attack. They have one by the position there. They can march. They're going to be snipers of course. They're going to get them. Yeah, we have another one inside here. Can you see the enemy snipers, could you? From our scopes, yes. We can see the Amazon flashes out. I'm going to get the fire. There's a table. There's a table. There's a table. We're going to get the base and get the table. Ready. Fire. Nice setup. So they have a bolt action sniper rifle, and they also have the semi-automatic sniper rifle. Now I would say I definitely would prefer the semi-automatic in an environment like this. And that's just because with urban environments, you know, you have all these weird different ranges, people can pop up from all these different nooks and crannies. So it's nice to be able to have a follow-on shot with the semi-automatic, and not necessarily have to worry about the optic and adjusting for, you know, the second round so much. So it's nice to have that quick follow-on shot, especially in urban environments. You don't necessarily even need a sniper to effectively engage a sniper in an environment like this, because it can be very close quarters. So it's very nice to have that follow-on shot. I'm going to get the spot in the middle. In high one case. Got the spotter too. Okay. Ready. Fire. They have to leave this area. Just shot fired so we expect a counter-attack pass, okay? Yeah. You don't want to stay in this, the same spot too long or else so, to grab where you're shooting from. See, she's looking at that. With the enemy now firing back, the unit is taking cover in this classroom until the escape boot is clear. Good grief. Wow. It's so crazy to see that this is an active school just to cover the boot. So now, it's one to see the reason. Hmm. That's dark. This is the toughest will you be doing? That's a strange question. Yeah, they're not running out the bell. They're not you days. They're pursuing them. Do IEDs lay here? Do IEDs lay here? Do I need to be a risk? Yeah, it's not even like people think of IEDs, you know, just like a roadside bomber would have you. But in an environment like this, you can have IEDs or booby traps is what most people would know them as. But yeah, you can have them all over the place. It'd be super sketchy. And with all the rubble, it'd be super hard to identify certain things. So you have to be very careful, but also like whenever you're actually going in the buildings, you have to be pretty violent just to make sure that you can get it, you know, cleared violently and effectively, but at the same time, you need to watch out, because that is a big threat. If you can see the area where we pass go, the maze of small alleys. Maze, yeah. This is Marawi. For weeks, the Philippines military assisted by US special forces has been pounding the city with airstrikes and battling house to house an effort to root out this man. Isnulon Haplon, the leader of Homegrown Terror Group Abu Sayyaf. They pledged allegiance to ISIS in 2014. Philippine authorities say Haplon, along with another ISIS-linked militant group called Mauté, were planning to establish Southeast Asia's first Islamic state caliphate here in Marawi, a predominantly Muslim city in a country that's more than 90% Christian. With an extensive network of hundreds of fighters, both local and foreign, these militants have mastered the terrain and so on. Okay, that's a great thing to have on your head. Black and white, that makes it very easy. Again, there's a reason why targets are black, just saying. Local and foreign, these militants have mastered the terrain and stretched away a seemingly endless supply of weapons. We're heading right into Marawi's city right now towards the heart of the battle. You can hear this continuing the rarge of airstrikes, so not all day long. The only functioning building in this part of town is the tactical command post of one marine battalion, the main forward operating base for the armed forces. Oh, you got some Marines, huh? Yes. From where? From the other station. Yes. Okay. So, people I prefer. Yes. Okay. So they managed to fire in there into the base before? This is Tila Hatsoong. Major Rowan Riemas is one of the commanding officers who's been stationed here since the fighting began. Fighting, fighting. Can you just show us where the enemy is? Did you? Okay, this is the Pundi Bridge before this was well defended. So, they place car bumps, roadblocks, and they place night-profiles. So, the city is essentially divided by this river going... Okay. So, the enemy is contained within this area on the other side of the bridge. I like the side of the bridge. Okay. Now, the target of our maneuvering elements is to neutralize those vantage positions to our mortar fire. Yeah, that's really rough when you have like a one bridge like that and you have to cross a river. It creates like this natural choke point. So, it's very difficult for people to push their elements. It gets very sketchy as far as planning because you can imagine there's going to be IDs set up on the road. Or, you know, in the vicinity of the road because that is a choke point. You can expect ambushes to happen there. So, it's someplace that you need to cross eventually just to get across the river and whatnot. But, yeah, it would be met with a lot of resistance. And it's... Yeah, it's just one of those things. It'd be pretty rough. So, you'd have to plan around it. That's what they're using their mortars and their air strikes to sort of soften everything up. And then, again, this is where reconnaissance would really come in or even like drones or what have you. So, you can do a reconnaissance and see where these positions might be across the river. I'm going to see that. I'm going to see that. These guys have been pounding the city with air strikes and they're just about to send this mortar to enemy territory. Got it! Nice, a little cough or fire right there. Just hours after we left this base, these Marines were ambushed during an operation. 13 were killed and at least 40 wounded. And what was the bloodiest day for the armed forces since the battle began? That's crazy. But it's not just militants inside the city. There are also hundreds of civilians. We managed to get the number of one man who's trapped in the heart of the siege. Do you have a plan to escape? Yeah, and it's something else you need to consider. When it's like someone's home, it makes it so much harder to plan operations based around that. Because, again, you're really trying to avoid the collateral damage, especially with the air strikes and the mortars. I know with the US, there would be a whole lot of rules of engagement and a whole lot of restrictions as far as where you're actually able to drop certain bombs or mortars or what have you. But yeah, with these guys, I can imagine the options are pretty low, just based off of them trying to reduce some of their resistance. But again, trying to make sure that they're not completely destroying the cities or hurting the civilian populists. It's a very hard position for them to be in as far as doing all of that planning. Yeah, it sucks. I don't know who's actually in charge of all the planning and how many units actually have moving around. But yeah, that must be a beast. You know, people can compare combat and chess just because they're the sort of tactical games or they're like strategy games. But when you have real lives at stake and real homes at stake, then it really adds something to it. Especially with the planning, it makes it very hard. You really need to sacrifice certain things or even risk certain things. So it's a tough position to be in for sure. Are you safe right now? I don't know. I think the operating is more that we're actually with. Okay. Hmm. For the people trapped inside Marawi, the army is not moving fast enough, and the situation is becoming more desperate by the day. So is everything going to pass? It's rough, yeah. Colonel Joah Herrera is the spokesperson for Joint Task Force Marawi. Barat is a 50 caliber. Despite the military's many setbacks, he's keen to show us that the armed forces have retrieved around 120 high-powered weapons from the enemy. I mean, obviously the insurgents are pretty well equipped. How well equipped are your troops? Well, our armed forces are well-educated, highly trained. We are very capable to address terrorism. Obviously, there's also a lot of criticisms towards the armed forces suggesting that you're not well equipped and that you're not doing a great job, quite frankly, pushing back his militants. Well, I think that that's the opinion, okay? You could tell he was getting in control because he's like rubbing his hands while she's saying that. Great job, quite frankly, pushing back his militants. Well, I think that that's the opinion. He's being nice for the cameras. Well, we don't want to give timeline because we need to put premium on the lives of the people that work throughout the conflict area. Right, obviously time is running out for them, and it's stuck here. Yes, but we're doing our best. Yeah, he's getting frustrated because you can imagine, again, that's a hard position for him to be in. And, you know, actual lives are at stake, actual, you know, not just like the lives physically, but their actual lives, like their livelihood is at stake. And, you know, you're really trying to avoid the collateral damage, but it's such a big issue, like you really need to, you probably want to push it, but at the same time, you need to focus on the people because that's why you're doing it. You're trying to make sure that the people are, you know, staying alive, and you're giving them something to return to when this is all over. The tree ramps up pressure on the remaining terrorists, strongholds, a humanitarian crisis lose. And concerns that Marawi is only the beginning of an increasingly violent ISIS presence a rapidly spreading throughout the region. So I think the specific ISIS leader that they were talking about in this video, I'm pretty sure he was killed. I'm not sure when, and I might be totally wrong on that one. So if you all can provide a little bit of context or background, if you know a little more about the situation, definitely feel free to drop that in the comments section. But yeah, this is one of the situations. It's super rough because you really want to push the fight and you know, give these guys what they're really asking for, but at the same time, like you really need to think about the population, you need to think about the civilians and their families. And yeah, it's just a very rough position to be in. And it's hard for me to wrap my mind around it just because they haven't lived in an environment like that. But a lot of people, you know, they're raised in environments like this and they can see it firsthand. So it's cool that Vice is going over and doing this. So it's cool because it gives us a little bit of insight and helps spread some of the awareness as to what's actually going on. Again, it's not really showing everything and it can't really show everything or even express everything, how a lot of people might be feeling it, but it's good for us to get some exposure to it. So I did appreciate this recommendation. It was a very good one. Again, it's very, it means a lot to me because I have a family and I can imagine what some of these people might be going through as far as, you know, the feelings of trying to make sure that their families are good, but you know, they're also sort of helpless with a lot of the things. So that's a very rough position. So yeah, definitely let me know what you guys think in the comments section. If you want me to check out any other Philippines armed forces units or what have you, if you can find some solid videos, put that in the video comments as well. But yeah, if you guys like the video, hit the thumbs up and consider subscribing, but yeah, a very solid video, very solid recommendation. I do appreciate it. Again, this is not something that I would have looked into myself if we weren't for you all recommending it. So I do appreciate that y'all. So keep those awesome recommendations coming, but as if for this video, again, hope you guys enjoyed it. I'll see y'all on the next one.