 Hey guys, it's Sinsumi. Okay today this video Kung Fu vs Kali Street fight Finally the day comes This is like the finals isn't it? I mean I've been growing up with Kung Fu in Japan Kung Fu Hong Kong style is a very famous such as Bruce Lee Jacky Chen Chao Shinchi Especially Jacky Chen I was he's everybody know right? Especially in my generation He's a star everybody knows I remember when I watched his one of his films called Drunken Master I was literally shocked that his Kung Fu was fantastic and so strong and beautiful I don't know if that in this film he performs Drunken Kung Fu style You know he does Kung Fu but he's totally drunk so the enemy can't expect his movement and it's beat so easily So I thought um, you know drunk in Kung Fu style was the best the strongest at the time But now I'm growing up and I think it's impossible story But anyway, I think many Japanese believe Kung Fu is the best martial art in the world and I was one of it But recently such my idea is changing Getting changing because I started to realize that Filipino martial art is better I've reacted some video or telling about Filipino martial art to Kali It kills anybody it's a killing method. It's a structure is totally different from that of Kung Fu So it could be better than Kung Fu in terms of killing though But I want Kung Fu to be better because you know Kung Fu is our hope our hero you know what I'm saying So that's why this video is like the finals to me you know like We decide which is the best which is the strongest martial art So you guys ready? Now let's see the finals If you enjoy the content give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing if you hear So let's get into it Oh so this is Kung Fu right? Oh this is Kali Oh I'm excited now So I guess that two of them are must-earned Oh Good sentence Hey it's Jake Mace with JakeMace.com here with Paul from KaliCenter.com Paul's been telling me that Kali guys train for practical self-defense for the street So he had two moves that he thinks are done very commonly in street fighting And how to use Kali to defend against them Then I'll show you two from Kung Fu Paul. It's the first attack if I'm the attacker All right, so really common we got the haymaker so as the haymaker comes in in Kali Everything's a target so we're gonna break the hand using the elbow We're gonna come out break the elbow using the hack of the form Then we'll just go ahead and follow up finishing up with a knee Well that series of Movement there is no way. It's so penetrative on the efficient movement She showed us the slow movement for the instruction, but the actual speed is gonna be much faster I believe So you're hitting my fist with the elbow and hovering with your other hand That's it. Cool. All right, and then we're gonna scoop that around and Hack right on to your elbow to break the elbow and then give him a knee. So a little bit more Oh Good. Yeah, I want to see so smooth and efficient movement the enemy can't make the counter attack in this such a fast flow On a bit more flow. Yeah I can't look One more time get I can feel the power of Kali What's the next attack the round kick coming right into the thigh for me the attacker This is a very high percentage move because low kicks can land very easily And we know how devastating those kicks can be you've ever been kicked by somebody skillful and kicking in the leg takes you out The way that we cover this is when he's that kicks coming in and we use the knee destruction I see the points of the body Right to destroy their tools. I don't want to be interesting. I didn't recognize. I didn't realize this It's so easy protection. Yeah, that that kick movement is really famous movement in Kung Fu style Many Kung Fu must try that kick for that in the first movement to you know check You know the enemy's ability, but if the enemy performs such a protection a Kung Fu guys legs could be damaged Right so whoa so efficient protection kick even no even a training it sucks even with shingards on and I could tell it's gonna hurt Why don't want to keep it I could tell the hundred and five little Be scary to jump out like and tell this is gonna break my leg And this is still about not the hard way. That's it. This also happens a lot in a tie boxing a lot Sometimes the kicks will catch the knee and you'll just you'll see when they step back with their shin You'll see the leg just fold because the shin is just cracking and you have a quick fall up to this Yeah, so the first part we're gonna go a quick one Boom scoop kick to the groin and we're step in and take them down from here Boom break it Get the groin and then step in and see this is a kidding method As kicking the balls um, it's not really a beautiful A movement but you know to kill people. It's really a reasonable movement They come down So they pull those two moves very practical. I like him from calling let me show you guys two from Kung Fu I see these moves very commonly punches are always an issue you show to the heymaker boom I'm gonna show the straight punch straight right perfect So when you commit for that straight right that can be done I'm gonna hit a right the kitchen and if you ever been hitting the face Everything about your intellect goes out the window. It's it. Yes So don't get hit in the face if you do get hit in the face make sure it's a glancing blow That's right. So when he comes in with that right hand My left hand is going to cover my right hand is gonna chop in And those of you say you can't block punches like that. That's bull crap you can I'm very good at timing stuff or it takes a lot of practice. Okay on the street There's no rules. We need to use all our defenses good defense and covering so watch again the straight punch comes in cover left And the other hand comes in for a chop in that way again cover Chop or time cover it's up to your partner to hit you real hard. Oh, so you get that realistic kind of feeling Realistic experience a little bit of movement bang again. Oh, now after that I come in I keep this arm on his body back sweep Post up top and knock him down and take him then into the mud I like Paul too much to do today. So yeah, this is confidence styles. Come be loose so far We got again cover Strike post-up top back sweep take him down and catch your partner nice one more time with a faster Ah Come on. Yeah, but in terms of killing people um This is not really efficient movement as if you just take him down and after that What is important is what to do? Punching his face or kicking the belly But I wonder if you can kill him in this movement That's the first move and secondly for come through defense I'm a big advocate of walking away from the fight Check your ego at the door. You don't have to fight literally 999 people will tell me they got in a fight and all of them could have been avoided could have been avoided Only once in a great great while are you forced to defend yourself physically usually ego alcohol and girls are involved Okay, so avoid ego avoid alcohol avoid girls, but you're gonna walk away from the fight He's in your face insulting you all kinds of f words this f words that demeaning you And then he starts to come at you with a knife a bottle something. I walk away Pover but in reality my mind stays right in his solar plexus. I get it that left-length sidekick So again, I go to walk away. Hey, I don't want a piece of this He attacks and he throws the first aggressive move at you I spin left-length sidekick right into the body low kick from solar plexus down In practice kick to the face and practicality kick below the waist if possible or the stomach So again, he's coming in I crossed up away Get that sidekick in that way and sidekick is most effective when your butt cheek is pointing at your opponent So again Yeah, but I think this can be easily You can easily expect this movement right and on top of that this is really risky movement I think because you show your back to your enemy right while you are at the enemy can escape or attack him So I guess this attack is supposed to make the enemy of god But I'm wondering if it's possible if the enemy is of god I mean, I think when you turn your back the enemy is on guard expecting that you know some attack is coming So in that case this attack doesn't really work right? I think the real dangerous dangerous time Whether you are showing your back to the enemy Turn away sidekick Get him out of there Ah Hey guys one tip from Jake Mace if you guys are training with people from other styles in this case Master of the Filipino martial arts and a guy who does Chinese martial arts I want you guys to make sure that you and your training together still friends we can fight hard We can get each other kind of muddy We can bruise each other he got me with the elbow bruise I caught your good destruction down there too totally caught me But we walk away bruised and happy sharing ideas we're all fitness training for today I still love kung fu. I still love calling and we'll see you guys back here next time Wow that was fantastic wasn't it? Well, I like both actually But to be honest, I was more impressed with the kali because um, you know It's more efficient It's movement is more efficient and impenetrable than that of kali whoa Confused movement is so beautiful. I like it this point, but I feel it's not really efficient because Like you know giving the enemy a chance to attack Why you're in series of kali's movement? There's no chance to attack at all So in my opinion if both master applied seriously Kali's master will hardly be win, you know, hardly win because you know Kung fu is still strong and it could be win as well What do you think guys? Okay, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video I hope you like it if you do make sure like watch it and subscribe please so My name is Shou you oh