 After almost eight years living here and shooting video featuring the Philippines, I have just learned that foreigner reaction videos are a thing here. Should make one. We interrupt our program to bring you this important message. Bonafos, your global city. It's insane. Oh wait. Let's have another foreigner reaction to insane condom moment. Ready? It's pretty nice. If you've ever wondered what 100 pounds of ladies swimwear looks like. It's insane. Now you know. And what might you ask, am I doing with 100 pounds of ladies swimwear? Wow. Stay tuned and find out. Oh my goodness. Wait, let's see the fuzzy one. The fuzzy top or like that. Yeah. Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it. Not on that light. This is what it looks like. Okay, we'll be modeling this later. I see. Yeah, look at the border. 14. The border scene with demo. Oh, I am definitely digging the trying on face of the bikini and swimsuit wear. But I will tell you the unpacking of 100 pounds of swimsuits is just insane. There's just an unbelievable ridiculous volume of swimsuits here. Hooray for body glove. J2. It doesn't look like a lot of progress. But it sure looks like a lot of freaking swimsuits. Jeez. What is that? It's like a swimsuit. It's like a swimming pool. It's a swimming pool. Take care every lot... Oh my goodness, whatever it is. Seize is tracking me. You know what I mean? Alright, BGC at night, it's Forbes town. We are out for a nightly walk. It's close to Curfew. Oops. It's insane. Yeah, we probably shouldn't be out to sleep. But hey, you know what, it's a beautiful night and the streets are empty. Except for that car there. Alright, it is BGC and it is late night. Probably close to Curfew. Maybe we shouldn't be out. Maybe. Yeah. Maybe we're just living on the edge, man, because you know, it's BGC and it's so wild and ferocious and insane here that, you know, what else can we possibly do? What are you guys? We're about to approach the BGC police station right in front of us and it's getting late. Oh yeah, we are. Why are we approaching the police station? We should probably go that way to see if anything is open, but then it's going to be too dark for those guys, the viewers. Alright guys, catch you later. Yeah, sometimes here in BGC, depending on where you're at, like the skyscraper back jobs really make it look like a built-up city. But all things considered, I mean, it's pretty small. We've been walking for what? An hour. Yeah. And we literally have walked around the entire city. So it's pretty small. It's a sink, I know it's not that exciting. But underneath the sink is something that is pretty unique to condos and mannelli. You don't see this kind of plumbing set up in the US. It's insane. And it's probably like the biggest downfall in bummer to living in a condo. This is some kind of grease trap that exists in like every condo setup. And the downside of the grease trap is when it gets full, it smells. And it has to be cleaned. And cleaning it is kind of nasty. And luckily, we have a friend that's willing to do it for a small fee, lucky guy. So today we're going to take a look at what's inside the grease trap. Now, we've cleaned this thing out once before. And it wasn't too bad. I've cleaned them out in other condos and who, man, you open that thing up and like the roaches just like go for broke. So hold on your hat, right? Okay, something pops out of this thing when we open it. Boom! No roaches. Uh, but god damn does that look nasty. Yeah. So there's like this, I don't know, great in there which is filled with nastiness. And really the method that we use is to simply dump all the crap in a bucket and then throw it in the toilet. Yum. Well, I don't know where you're sold. You don't have the drugs to the sky? Well, that's right. Yes. Somehow the great is out. You can see all the congeal crap in there. It should be fun. Alright, that's looking pretty clean. It was a disgusting sludge bucket about an hour ago but now it is good to go. And that should last about six months, maybe even a year if we watch what goes down the sink. Anyone else down? Two S-lex, the southern was on expressway, right? And somebody refeeded the sign. But they didn't do it in the true fashion of American graffiti, right? What you should have done is taken some green paint and blotted out the L, right? Right? Let's see if I can get the sign. So that's the social distancing sign that they wave in your face if you're violating social distancing. It's insane. So if you don't have your mask on or you're holding hands or you're standing close together, then come up to you and wave that shit in your face. I'll show you what's insane. To give no hugs so you can be safe. That's insane. Thanks so much for watching. If you liked this video, please hit the thumbs up and subscribe for more content from Metro Manila, Philippines.