 good morning everyone. So today's a new vlog. I've been busy with pretty with school so I haven't been posting that much. However today's objective is to spend at least or try to spend $50 here as a eating as a local. So I'm gonna be starting my day by eating breakfast, then lunch, and then dinner. So for breakfast I'm going to be eating at Baby Nicknick's fan on on and I'll put it up here where the location is and let's see how much I spend right now. So this is what the kitchen looks like. Then it's basically a condiment yes so it has a variety of different types of foods that you could try. I'm gonna be trying to eat something that's more like a Filipino breakfast so probably get some eggs, sausage, and then some other things over here as well and it can't have food without rice because an affiliate being rice is like. So when you guys come to a condiment and you'll be serving you the small portions of the entrees so you can get as many as you want and then you just eat a bunch of rice with it. That's how people typically eat out here. They have the sides, small portions, and a lot of rice. So at a very successful breakfast this morning it was very filling and that was pretty cheap for what I just ate and then today's still young we have other places to go so we're gonna after this to lunch and then dinner but I just want to show you what's around this area so you guys can get a general idea of what it looks like. You can get chicken here, there's another type of condiment area. Then you got a bread spot that's really famous here to franchise and then angels is another type of restaurant that you can go to. It's pretty small. Oh, it's a miracle. And then after having this breakfast we are going to have some bread. I'm sure you'll wish when we get but as you guys can see these parts are relatively cheap for just bread. Six pesos, six pesos, 18, 6, 6, everything is gone. Cheaper than 20 pesos and 20 pesos if you can buy it it's less than 50 cents. Really good bread though. This place is so good. If you guys are not able to find a location that I showed you you can reference to this building. It's the Seaboo Doctors Hospital. It's right in front of it. There's a bunch of condiment in the ears that you can try out here besides the one that I went to however that one was the most famous one in the area and it's also close to Pente Ostemenia. So those are the two landmarks that you can reference to to give to this area. It's walkable from the Seaboo Doctors Hospital. You just go down like a walk or two and you're surrounded by a bunch of condiment in the ears and it's really easy to find it because it says baby, uh, nikniks, unbanan, restaurant so you won't be able to miss it really. And we're back. So now it's around lunch time and we're going to have ondok's. It's really famous here. It's a frenchized business however this particular area gets really busy at night so instead of coming here at night we decided to come a little earlier and have some really good chickens. They're known for all type of chickens they do all types of barbecue. They do for fried chicken. They do everything and it's so good. I'm telling you every time that if you see my videos every time I always mention that fried chicken is done here so well. I don't know what it is. I don't know if it's oil. I don't know if it's a batter but I trust me when I tell you that their chicken here is amazing and I'm going to be showing you how much it is. Undok's never fails me when I come here but we came earlier as I mentioned already but if you guys do come later on at night just be aware that there's a lot of police people here. Even right now earlier there was I had to say no to so many people because if I just give the kids money then a lot of them would just start coming and attacking me and I give you guys not it happens so it will be very aware and alert when that happens if you do end up giving kids money. I do sometimes but this time around I didn't just because I didn't want that big of a crowd especially when I'm recording for you guys. So when you guys are in this area just be aware that there's a lot of almost people and I see them just say no no thank you or say I think it's really some cereal. It's how you say it. I'm trying to learn your guys' leg width so I put you to it since we apologize but this place never fails when I come here so I highly suggest coming here as I already mentioned. Now when I do come here I normally don't get the beef but I just wanted to try it. It's time around. When I do come here I get the half chicken and it's plenty for I think two meals. So when I do it I normally get my tortilla which you need to get that Mexican. That's a little secret you won't find that here but that's just a way you guys can have them food if you just have the chicken with the tortillas. But yeah I give this place a good nine out of ten. It's always good here it's on my come so the chicken 100% good. I highly recommend and come this for this area. Half a kilo grapes. This is so good. I had some they're really sweet. What's the biggest issue with the bigger ones is that they have a lot of cheese. But half a kilo for 100 pesos which is two bucks. That's crazy. So this is the gypny it's very famous here and it's one of the most public transportation vehicles that they have here in the city and you just go inside it's you're practically crammed like sardines in there but it's really cheap. I think it's 15 pesos per ride and it's like a bus riding system so it takes you to certain streets. Since I was pretty full I'll move we had for lunch I came to this restaurant called Apaca and it's one of my favorite restaurants not because of the food but also because of the coffee and yes I'm having a second cup of coffee. Judge me it helps with adjusting the food if you look it up. But this is also in the same area of Ayala Mall that's in the Seaboo business park area which is where I actually also live. Now here there's a bunch of foods I mean there's dozens of restaurants that you can just explore and try different types of foods which will be doing a different video for more a western-based diet. I mean seriously I mean look how many different restaurants there are. These are all restaurants that are on the terraces with its cult. Now these are the other cheaper alternatives for a variety of different types of foods. You got three food, you got Japanese food, you always have the Filipino food as well but this is also inside of the malls. Now only do you have the terrace filled with restaurants you also have I believe the fourth floor of the Ayala Mall that has just a whole floor dedicated to different types of food. It is my third and final meal of the day I'm so full I haven't eaten this much in such a long time but I'm doing it for you guys. Anyways we are going to have ages. It's right next to where I live. I'll show you on the maps. It's I'll show you what it looks like but you really can't see the restaurant because it's owned by a family and it's in their house I believe. The way structure it's not like a restaurant building where you have a building and it's a restaurant it's more but someone's house and it's really cool. Really cheap food it's high food which is one of my favorites and I'm so surprised that it's really close to my house so much so that it's walking distance. So I'll be showing you guys what it is and the prices of everything that they have there. That food was so good I had to just get my Thai tea before I go home and it was a very successful day today. Now the moment you guys have all the way before how much did I really spend today after eating three meals and having snacks in between each of them. Now the total number of how much I ate today was you guys ready? You guys ready? 1,455 vessels which converts to $29.10 US. You round that number? There you go you guys can get you three meals and two snacks in between each. What the heck? Wow. Wow I was really shocked when I did all the calculations because for breakfast I started up with four to five different entries with rice in the middle and then for my first snack I had coffee in bread. Then for lunch I had a lot of beef you can see in half a chicken and then after that I had another cup of coffee and then I ended up my day with some really good crispy pork that was made Thai style and then I also had a papaya salad that was really good but spicy. I had a suggest going there I'll put the link in the description of the locations that I did for where we ate today. Another thing that I noticed when I was filming the different types of foods that I was eating is mainly on average all of them were very small portions of food. As I mentioned before Filipinos do like to have the entree in small portions and then fill up on rice since rice is cheaper than everything else on the menu. That's just how they always done it and I have grown to that accustomed since being here. It's been what six months since I've lived here so slowly but surely the Philippines is having an effect on my life and how I eat especially and you know me I'm a big foodie so yes I will be eating more rice and less of the object and that is all I have for you guys today as always like, comment, share, subscribe. I hope you guys love my video and help me with this subscription button because that helps me get my videos on other people's suggestion pages which is the YouTube algorithm. Now if you're still here at the end of the video and that means you have not been sick of my face and if that is the case for you I have a second video for this series where I'll be showing you what I'm eating as a western type style foods and what the total cost I ate on that day honestly that day I just ate so much food. I probably won't be doing this for quite some time because I was just through which food but yes I have a second video of what I'll be eating as a western based diet and that video will be right here so go see it right now.