 Oh, he built this. Oh, no! Why is this reminding me of Black Panther Part 2? Is it Wakanda Favre or is that the name of it? I know you're talking about that. Yeah, this is reminding me of Black Panther Part 2. The people that was coming out of the water? Yes, the Mayans. What's good, y'all? It's Adulment Shed. It's Ria and we're back with another video. Who we got today, Steve? Today we're back with another American reaction. Super excited about this video, guys. If you need to, we need to make sure you scroll down. Hit that subscribe button. And turn on the post notification bell. Because we're on the road to 100k. And we cannot get there without you guys. Join the family without further ado. Let's get into the video. Three diamonds. No equipment. Wow. Wow! Wow. Yeah, give us a round of applause... Really? Yeah, give us 3我們的 diamonds. We turn red and warm new roses. I'm going to get a tattoo I'm going to get a tattoo I'm going to get a tattoo I'm going to get a tattoo There's only cream in the new red The dogs He's the first out of the day 60% of this house He built this for the dog Why is this reminding me of Black Panther Part 2? Is it what kind of family is that name of it? I don't know the name of it This is reminding me of Black Panther Part 2 The people that was coming out of the water Yes, the Mayans The Mayans I believe that's what they call the Mayans I wonder if this was based off of them In a sense I haven't heard of anything Mexico got This kind of tried to Because they say Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines So let us know Because this is what it seemed like No, it's the fact though For in the morning Yeah Yeah, I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking now I'm not gonna say I'm gonna say Yeah, I said I'm gonna say I'm gonna say I'm gonna say I'm gonna say I'm gonna say I'm gonna say You're gonna be like a gills I'm gonna go gills Biggest bling For more oxygen than they blood The departure people When they go diving Look at these skin complexions They're like you could tell just about baby Like okay, so when I was young And I was gonna water You hear my mom say Turn off that water I'm gonna get out my tub You're gonna turn to a raisin Literally right right I have your body adapted that way as well Cause I see his skin He don't look all in record He has just a tad bit around his eyes But you could tell that these are older men And he just said that when he was younger He could have did it for a longer time And go a lot deeper but now he can only go so deep Right, now I don't know if he's a part of this tribe Yeah, he's a professional school without him Yeah, but look what he's saying He said dubbing people And say my people Oh, oh, oh But the man Look the same way The first thing I say was look at skin Like it's just different You know, so I would love to know Y'all skin care secrets Just the water Literally, though, I bet they don't deal with dry skin issues No I bet I wonder, I wonder Like that something could kind of like Make one that I'm baking that water record But they spend up to 60% of their time in the water Hmm So it's like the dancing is Legos very, very slowly Like a fish I'm the diver but it's not possible We go like a 5 meter 4 him so they go 15 meters Yo, so this is really different The body people I mean again this complexion as well, too though But this is a day never 8 hours, y'all And it's not free, though, then young age of course And that much of it And that much of it And that much of it And that much of it And that much of it And that much of it Is that something to put on for dab? Reasons The babies seem down here Jumped up his mama back That's how he played She's sitting under the water Now they say if you don't panic If you don't know how to swim If you don't panic, you're all makin' float I just think she's gonna have to put her on that She just kicked up and Because me? Oh no, I'm not sitting down? Oh no But something's going on When we first came to Kagabi Samaytu? Mm. Mosque? No wedding fancy. That's why they said they protect us. For all reef conservation. Now, you know us being novice, deep sea diver excursion people. But yeah, it's important for people to have the education and knowledge of how to do the scuba diving and all of that especially tourism. Yeah, let them be auto-gives. Exactly. If they had people who spent all this time in the sea, know the sea. They guard the sea instead of just somebody, oh, I'm applying for a scuba diving job. You know, to work with tourists or whatever. That's the worst happens, bro. Because they be going, that's like school and dog. Like you have a somebody who go and get a degree and everything and then they hire someone who's a family member. Because they just, you know what I'm saying? They don't have a look at education as near as much as the person got a degree. Are the passion. Are the passion, the passion, 100% and they're passionate. Right. Yeah, I would definitely want to learn more from their point of view and someone who actually goes in just for an hour or two with people and then come back out and break and go home. They do this every single day. If we were to go to Indonesia, I would love to visit now. Like it just seemed so cool. And you all know how we feel about culture. We're like, we love it. And it just seems cool to just learn from them. I'm bet they know secrets. And again, I'm a skincare fanatic. So, you know, that's number one in Indonesia. Yeah. Wow. bursan f Real talk man, I think listen. That's, yeah they killing it. That's it right there. Yeah, they killing it, they killing it. That's just like people who choose to protect the fires. And a lot of like, you know what I'm saying? If you want everything to still look at its beautiful and growing evolve, you don't want to continue to cut down the trees, cut down all the fields, and they have no, you know, do their thing. So, same with the fish. And definitely y'all know we always thinking of different ways to do this. Different ways to do life and business, right? So, I feel like if they have people like this who know the sea and with our planet dealing with climate change, they can go around the world literally and educate people. Oh yeah. You know, like, they can definitely send out something best because they are there eight hours a day, literally. And probably over time, you know, because they got to eat. That's forever. That's different. I know our home state alone. It's a kid and washed up. So, we've seen that people plant trees and Africans are locations just so they can preserve the inhabitants, the habitats and everything. What are you guys doing with the water? How do you guys help out in that area? Yeah. Besides protecting it. What else do you guys do to invest in something? Yeah, with the coral reef. Right, right, right. Yeah, the coral reef. How do y'all conserve it? Yeah, just let us know. All right, so we hope you guys enjoyed this video with us. Like this video, subscribe. Turn on the post notification bell. We have a neighbor that I super thanks. If you like Spongebob channel that way. As well as our reaction requests for them in our description box below. We'll see you soon. Peace. Peace.