 I want to hello, Khmusta, Maligayang, Bhagbaba, Lyaksa, Akhen, Chano. Do you want me to tell you one of the reasons why I like my community so much? Because a lot of you actually do the work for me. And when I say the work, I'm not saying, you know, sitting behind the camera, editing the video, publishing it and everything. No, I'm talking about the first step of the work, meaning the videos that I want to react to or that you want me to react to. And that's why I keep asking you to follow me on Instagram where you can DM me to request videos, right? Some of you take it further than others, meaning that you actually compile a bunch of videos for me and you give me the idea of the video already cooked. You know, and you're like, here, I did the work for you, just react to this, you know. And I really appreciate it because this is a part of my job that I least prefer and enjoy. Okay. This is the part that I usually start with, you know, after I am ready for work. All right. So I enter my studio, you know, sit down on my chair right here, but, you know, I'm facing the computer. I go on my phone and my computer, open Instagram and Facebook and go through my DMs, right, messages and check out your requests and all that. I enjoy talking to you, you know, responding to you, but it is a very annoying thing to have to check out the different videos that were sent to me. Are they worth a reaction video or not? And you can spend hours doing that, you know. So I really do appreciate it when someone just does the work for me beforehand. And so after having said all that, someone compiled for me a bunch of videos about Filipino crowds. I think I have already reacted to one video. Well, actually it was multiple videos again of Filipino crowds, but I put them together myself for a reaction video. But this time around somebody else did it for me, okay? And they are all from TikTok, from what I can see. Yeah, all from TikTok. I hope you guys are going to enjoy this. I'm sure I am because Filipino crowds are insane and they are very invested. Before we start, make sure to follow me on Instagram at News-A-Game News because that is where you can DM your suggestions. And with a further ado, let's check it out. Alright, so this video is from an account called TRV. And in the video, it's written, look at how happy he is. Okay. Ah, okay. So this is a concert that is happening in the Philippines. And I think more specifically in Manila because there is a hashtag that says, K-pop masters 2 in Manila 2022. So this was recent. Did you hear the crowd chanting? And he's so happy indeed. Oh, that was very short. But this is not surprising because Filipinos love K-pop. And I think Filipinos were fans of K-pop before K-pop became so popular everywhere else in the world, you know? Like when you go to the trending page of what Filipinos watch, dude, most of the time, the top videos are K-pop videos. And it's a shame because I'm not the biggest fan of K-pop. Don't get me wrong. There are a few songs that I really like and that I have on my phone, right? That I listen to on a daily basis. But in general, I would not consider myself a K-pop fan. But yeah, this is cool. This is cool. He's very excited. All right, let's check out the second video. Whoa, is that who I think it is? Is that Taylor Swift? This one was uploaded by Haru, okay? And the description says, orba ka nabudol na naman ako nang magagaling mang edit. And in the video, it's written, look at how Filipino crowds sing Taylor's song, second and third video for real, seriously. Some guessing this happened in the Philippines as well. I'm thinking all these videos took place in the Philippines. I'm thinking all these videos took place in the Philippines. Do you hear the crowd? I don't hear the crowd yet, but that's because she's still singing. So she will probably stop singing and let the crowd do the work for her. There we go, the second and third video. Whoa. This reminds me a lot of the video where they were all singing a Britney Spears song. I reacted to that one in my first reaction video to Filipino crowds. Yeah, it looks like it's the same event too, like the same place. Wow. Oh yeah, they know the lyrics by heart. Woof. And the person who knows definitely right when they wrote second and third video because those were the most impressive ones. Next, let's move on to the third one. Pause. Okay, this one was uploaded by Oey Owa Oamun and the description says, yay, best crowd in the world. Maroon 5. Okay, Filipinos love to sing. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And as a singer, I cannot even tell you how much joy that brings me and the rest of the band when we come out here to a place where I know that's the awesome thing you guys. It's down. No one loves singing more than Filipinos. I love the fucking same. I'm not just making sense to be so pretty out here, I'm not. Because there are some places that we go and you have people that don't feel more shy, they don't want to sing. Oh, hello, James. Jesse, say happy is out. But I just want to ask about this. This is a special place for us because we know that every time we come here, first of all, the crowd seems to be getting bigger and bigger. This is incredible. Adam Levine, right? That's his name. It just feels like you guys love to be in it with us and we do that same louder. You sing louder than anywhere else in the world here. I'm telling you, I'm going to do a warm up for that. Thank you so much, guys. We love you. Okay. So this video doesn't really showcase Filipino crowds. On the other hand, it showcases, it's a description of Filipino crowds by a very popular artist and it also showcases the love that artists in general, international artists have for Filipinos and Filipino crowds, which is beautiful. Okay, next. Boom. This was uploaded by Sage Green, Billy Eilish concert in Manila versus Seul or Soul. Yes, I think in English you say Soul. Okay, let's check it out. I think this might be Korea because the crowd is not that into it, right? Billy Eilish Manila. Okay, let's see. Okay, so from the perspective of this person, yes, the crowd is really into it and singing all together. But the first footage, it was like an overhead type of camera. So maybe the sound of the crowd wasn't that loud and we couldn't hear it because in this video, it's from the perspective of someone that's in the crowd. So it makes sense that the sound and audio is louder of the crowd. Give you chills, eh? One of the reasons why I love music so much, man, because it brings people together and makes you feel that there are multiple types of art in this world. There are movies, there are video games, there is music, there is pottery, there's a lot. And the music, in my opinion, is number one because you just need your ears and just close your eyes and you just listen and let yourself go. It just makes you feel something, something that other art doesn't. And it just brings people together. I don't know, it's incredible. Wow, that was insane. When she said sing, they took it to heart and they went all in. Oh, man, that felt amazing. Okay, next up. It was uploaded by R. And the description says, Planny, day three, can you hear the crowd singing? I love the lights. It's definitely safer than lighters. Like decades ago, they would use lighters to light their cigarette or whatever and they would like wave it in the air. And it looked beautiful, right? But it's dangerous because it's fire. This is a lot safer. Who's this guy? Who the hell is Lanny? Man, I feel like I just don't listen to what people listen to. Like the popular stuff, I don't listen to it. This sounds like someone who's very popular. Again, it's popular music. I don't listen to pop. So of course, I'm not going to know who this person is. Wow, they know what they are. Look, I know I'm supposed to be positive here. And yeah, I mean, the crowd decide, which is awesome. They know the lyrics and everything. How generic does this sound? Does this song sound? It sounds like every other pop song from 2010 to 2020. Gosh! Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I know. Oh, I know. They said Manela. Oh, yeah, Filipino crowds are incredible. All right. Next up. Oh, my goodness. Z. This was uploaded by Z himself on TikTok. And it says, in unbelievable crowd in Manela tonight, I can't believe the song came out almost 10 years ago. And it still goes hard. Man, Filipinos. Chills. Man, I'm not a single. Oh. Man, I'm not single. I'm not a single. Man, I'm not single. I had to let it play a second time because of how it made me feel. It gave me incredible chills, man. That was awesome. Next, last video. Again, from Z. I think. Yeah, I think it's the same venue, the same concert. And he says, Philippines has the best sing-alongs. Of course, goosebumps. There you go. Wow. I know this song, of course. I know this song, of course. That's amazing. That is amazing. And I believe we finished this reaction with the best videos. And I think it was the best video. I think it was the best video. That's amazing. That is amazing. And I believe we finished this reaction with the best videos. Because that was just Chills from ATZ. I personally am not a big fan of all these artists that were showcased here. Unfortunately, I related more to the first video of Filipino crowds because it was during events and concerts of artists that I'm familiar with, like Britney Spears, you know. But Z. I know this song, but I don't know it by heart, seriously. I just don't know it by heart. I wouldn't be able to sing along, but I would love to be part of the crowd. Because you don't have to sing along to feel the energy and the vibe, you know. That was incredible. There you go. There you go. There you go. Let me know in the comments section below your thoughts about Filipino crowds and it's not just during concerts. People, Filipino crowds are insane and fun during any real event that allows them to get together, you know. During sports events, for example, or cheerleading events, or dance events, seriously. They go bonkers. And the funny part is during events that have nothing to do with music, they will still sing during those events. That's how much they love singing. Anyway, Maraming, Maraming Salam, Matt. Well, of course, if you found value in this reaction video, then do not hesitate to check out my other videos right here.