 the the last one in This is very, very refreshing to see, very refreshing. George has asked me to start the vlog with him when he goes. Way less plat, we've noticed this. In the year we've gone way less plastic bags. Good, good, good, good, right. Good morning, welcome to, that could be like a little, you know, like a little. Good morning, welcome to the vlog. You've just seen me run out to grab water. Like we had zero water. Sorry, I want to be the star of the show. Vloggers are so, um, in some cells aren't they? Egotistical. Yeah, no, we try not to be, we try just to show our lives. But welcome to the vlog, hope you're doing well. In this video, we were in the supermarket there that you may have seen. And something bright, something juicy, something round, caught our eye. And no, it wasn't. Oh my god, no, not that. Um, Philippines, mangoes, we've missed them so much. And we thought it'd be fine. We're feeding co-the solid foods now. I think that phrase, by the way. Solid foods. Solid foods. Real foods. Solid, I mean, it even solid foods. I don't know, I think it's funny. Anyway, we thought. Yeah, we're gonna feed him mango because, well, feed him other food obviously as well. But it's super sweet. He loves strawberries. He loves sweet potato. He likes sweet things, obviously. Yeah, she also loves broccoli and spinach. He loves his greens for some reason, which is amazing as well. But I think he's gonna really enjoy it. So when he wakes up from his nap, I'm gonna cook everyone breakfast. We're gonna have breakfast together. And we're gonna see if Coda will enjoy mango. Because some food he doesn't like. Some food he'll just be like, oh, I don't want that. So he just won't eat it. He'll try a little bit of it and then won't touch it. Last night we tried to give him a lentil and red pepper bake or something like that. Yeah. Just one of his pouches that we've often euked, didn't want to touch it. The day before it was like a sweet potato based thing. And he loved it. He loved it. He also loves bread. He loves bread. He is a little bit like a duck in that respect. Yeah, he's just sometimes just feeding bread. He loves bread. So yeah, we are gonna let Coda when he wakes up from his nap, try some philippine mango. Because we're gonna have some now. We're gonna cut it up. I'm excited it's our first time we haven't had it yet. But I've got to start these out. Basically I have my nails on an euk and they've all peeled off for some reason. Maybe it's a humidity. I don't know. But we have got a shopping mall underneath us. So I'm gonna go and try and get an appointment and nail shop quickly. While he's still asleep, then we're gonna come back up cook breakfast and enjoy together. We're finding ways to run errands kind of in the most efficient way around his nap. Except for the leaves sometimes together. I just went to store to get some water because we totally run out. We've got no plastic but this is obviously a plastic bar. Of course. We haven't been reusing these because we haven't got water bottles out with us. We forgot to bring them. So we've been filling these up and using them for a few days. And then, yeah. And I was really pleased to find actual mineral water. Because a lot of the water here is purified or distilled and it has no minerals. But if you're drinking water, honestly the best water to drink is water containing minerals. And it was cheaper because it's from Laguna, which is literally just over there. It was from that lake. Yeah, more like that. It was picked up. Do you have to bear in mind inside this mall because it's open air. It's an open outdoor mall. Obviously when you go into the shop, do you do? But do you have to wait for it? I would just ask the guards. Yes, I would ask the guards. Okay, so here are the chosen fruits. We've got three mangoes here. And how many shall I cut up? How much mango would you like? A lot. Like one mango each? I'll start with a car. Right. So I'll only cut up two. Okay. For now, and then see how we get on, which ones look best? Very sweet. Yeah. I think we'll go for the two yellowest. So I'm going to cut these up now. I've got some chicken, quesadiery, tight things being made currently. I've just put some chicken. And I've got some vegetables going. I'm going to put it into some wraps, bake it into little triangles. Code has never had quesadiers before. So I'll use the first time trying that too. Obviously because we're cooking one meal for all three of us. I've got some like toned down the spices and stuff. I've put a little bit of paprika in there and stuff, which he likes. So yeah, no like chili powder. I like how I normally put in the less than that. I've blows head off. Got some cheese. All cooking. Very nicely here. And then we actually bought a hydroflasada. It does the trick. I mean, he really enjoys sitting in it. It's nice and lightweight. Yeah, it's good. So we'll show you that in a second. It was super cheap actually. And it's not like particularly high quality, but it does the job really well. And he seems to quite enjoy sitting in it. So we'll show you that in a second. George, you need to call you that whole table. I know it's for edit station, but we need to like clear out of all the tech. Okay. Where's the camera? Oh, there it is. When parenting life meets a vlogging life. I've got like my laptop and hard drives and everything set up. And then... And then... That's maybe... Right next to it, I've got like, nappies or diapers and baby wipes and things like that. That's what our life is now. Extendable tables. One of life's many geniuses. So, Cody just had his first meet-and-greet as first meet-up. I went down because the girl on reception down here is always asking me when I'm down there. Where's Cody? Where's Cody? I want to meet Cody. So I thought whilst Lucy was cooking, I'd take him down for a little walk around. And we met her and then all the people from the admin office in our building wanted to meet him as well. So we went around to the office. Cheers, Cody. Ding. Mmm. Yum. I think you like this. You're nice. Is that nice? Yeah, he loves mommy's cooking. I mean, mommy's cooking is the best. I know. These look great, Lucy. So this is chicken, cheese and onion, case of ears. Yeah. Wowsers. And other tomato and pepper and stuff. And then for the style of the show, very, very soon. I really cut it up. Oh, yeah. We have the cut up mango just here. And it doesn't look great. I've had to try and get it into finger food so Cody can hold it. That's true. Normally, I cut it into little cubes, but he wouldn't be able to have that. Oh, okay. Give him a whirl. Wow. This is nice, a little family meal time in the condo. Oh. Ready. Wow. What do you think? Oh, wow. Oh, wow. He's amazing. He's amazing. It's the yummiest thing in the green. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so sweet and bright. So many vitamins. So sweet. You want my mom to have some, okay? That's fine. Mommy can have some. Wow. That is a success, I think. I mean, how can you not like it? Let me see all the fuss as well. Are they good ones? Yeah. So good. Let me get in here. I'm going to have some. I'm going to have some. Wow. That is a success, I think. I mean, how can you not like it? Let me get in here. A little bit sour as well. I'm surprised you like that. Oh, really? Well, that's a really good one for Coda to have. So maybe have these fluggles. Have those little ones. Yeah, it's quite sour. Which I like, I'm surprised you like it. It's pretty sour. It's not the sweetest, but it's very nicely balanced. Oh, it's a sour bit, isn't it? Oh, a sour. Wow. What's wrong? Yummy. I've never seen it more excited to eat. It's like the most excited I've ever seen. You