 Future Friday. The freshest. We've been sent these a lot lately and it just says like students cover Ben and Ben. You know, talk about having a freaking vibing high school of it, they get all the girls dude. And they're gonna sing Katang Isip and I think Ben and Ben are actually coming to London. They are. And we're not going. Yeah, but it's okay. I can't miss my penny in a true medium. Let's give this a review, yeah? Okay, just give me good little boys. I see the minna high school hold. He's got like a watching shit. Come on. Come on. Oh yeah. Yes. You're just staying, oh yeah yes. Send you off who? Send you off. Stead asked him to say that? Yes. Oh, there a little girl? Lin Anybody else? Yes. Oh, тан, Nathan, don't speak or that must be intense. Do they get all the girls? That kid is a very good guitarist. Oh, can we talk about how great the freaking resonance of that hole is? Very clean. The sound of the music is so loud. What a song! I can't believe that people come up with this stuff. People come up with this composition. What a song! I forgot the song was so good. I can't believe that people come up with this. I can't believe that people come up with this song. You know the R, so good! Good, they're so good, they're so good. It's just a really good balance of things. Like they really understood the necessity of the song without overloading it, which is actually the charm of Ben and Ben. They are less is more approach to music. That's pure in their subtleties. Even though they're a fairly busy band because they have so many members and they do not neglect my repercussion. They do a... Priority subtleties. Yeah. I feel like their principal as musicians is little of everything and that makes a very good song. But in this, it allows for covers like this that are very minimalistic to shine in their essence because the roots of the song it's based in the nothingness of music if that makes sense. And I'll keep taking a look at this. Do you know, you know those holes always exist? Like with great sound, sound dynamics. Every school has these. Like, why? Do they have here? Yeah. Okay, okay. I know that back home for sure. There's always one place where it had just like beautiful... Maybe here is not that often because of insulation. Insulation. Yeah, because it's cold. Keep the cold the way it is. All the time, something. It doesn't bounce. It's a neighbor in summer though. I think you that. Yeah, I like the guitarist. Yeah, the guitarist is so good. It's just the singer. He's just get it down. Yeah, he's so good. Yeah, the guitarist got it. You know? How to put it? Go back, senior. Who's that girl doing in there? I can't hear her. I don't think she's doing anything. She's just in there with a mop. I like, she should have been on the frame, man. Nice, subtle. He's so good. I don't think there's high school or secondary school students. So I think it's like STI, I don't know what that means. They're seniors. So that means something to like, you need? No, I think they're senior year before they go to uni. They're too young to look like they just graduated uni. Oh, maybe she is going to think. Yeah, he is damn good, dude. That singer. Look how relaxed he is. Oh, they just really know this song so well. That flip was insane. Oh, come on. What is up with his kids? My God. My bags. Yeah, I was so impressive. That whole section was like, print your face. I was going to say he's also got that. I know this is like a few years ago. Like, I think it was like just post pandemic or pre-pandemic. And but it was either over just just before. And he has the sound, the vocal twang and sound that is really popular right now with the loud. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yes. And I see what you mean is the new sound of alternative rock from the Philippines. Also, it's like in the in the folk. I think it could probably quirky as fuck if he wanted to as well. I told you this. He's got the perfect combination of falsetto and full vocal control because he was working on a mix right from the beginning. He's never really sang in his full chest of vocal tone. So you're hearing here. It's a really cool mix. It's difficult to sing like that all the time, but he's got it down. Also, there is this darkening of the sound, which means that his larynx or tilts up forward. So it's a really sound technique and it allows him to sing that relaxed, to really sink into the into the Hansen pockets. I'm really not trying that hard, you know. We know that it's not true, but it's it's kind of cool to look at. And he's also there. There's a product there. If we go to the Blyliones, it's a product there. I don't know how old they are. So I don't know if you can talk to them in product perspective, but they are 18 now and stuff like this was a couple of years ago. It's like there's something there for sure that can be marketed. And they guitarist, he's really good. You can tell that they've had a lot of time to sit with each other and just mess about in the sense of musical. And we are in the era of YouTube and TikTok and all that stuff. So I think if you get serious, right, you do your covers every now and then, but then if you get serious, you start releasing original work and just think, you know, you start releasing original work because it can go viral, it can pop. And then deals will come and stuff like that. And then you all of a sudden have bigger discussions in line, which is like, should you sign with these people, should you do this? Should you create, stay independent as much as possible? But shouldn't there shouldn't really be a line of conversation up until you're really you know. Yes, but your objective right now, especially when you have talent like this, I think, where there is potential in a product. It's like, well, create and then create your own product, create your own sort of songs and the market in any way. And nowadays is like, even resources are not really that big of a deal because as long as you have a computer and then you learn how to edit, you can do this. So past videos that these kids are doing nowadays, it's just crazy. And then the songs launch these artists now out of nowhere. More than ever. Yeah. The conversation I actually have is like, I think they're they're being launched into the sharks too soon. Like Sony knocks in your door right because you have a song that has like 10 million streams and you're a kid from, you know, your bedroom made this song and tech talk you blew up. Now it has 15 million streams. It's like your life has changed, right? You're not rich yet or anything like that, but your life is changing. And then it's like, you get this knock on the door by some of these big dogs. It's like you're starting to play in the big leagues. You don't know how to play that game. That's right. And then it's like you're getting them scientists, six figure deals and little do they know is that they just sound sign their lives away unless the algorithm is on their side once more. So it's like those are the discussions I'm more interested about because I think they're life changing. But when you're in this stage right now, it's like, it does not matter where you're from. It does not matter if you have resources or none. There's no excuse now. It's just as long as you have a phone, as long as you have a computer, learn how to edit, learn how to master, learn how to mix. And then it's just having fun with it. It's just, it just, you have a future. Yeah, it really is. This is the stage in life where you can really mess around and just be one with your creativity and that's really cool to see done, you know. Yes, that one. Give me the mouse. She's there for the muse. I bet she sings like a beast though. She has good posture. Oh, a seven. Cool, cool, cool. Listen to me. I'll spoil the next one. Listen to me. That is such a great freaking cover. It's brilliant. Very pretty. An execution. Fantastic atmosphere. Just the right mixing because the phonetics sound. Whatever they decide to do, if they keep their friendship and they do things together for fun and they keep having fun, they're going to get fun whatever it is. They want to be a doctor or whatever the fuck. That is so cool though. But then with that voice, God bless you. That's the way you guys thought about it. And perhaps they have more work. Perhaps they have made music together or something. They just know. Again, it's always an open door more than having to review that. Correct.