 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today we are reacting to 14 reasons the Philippines is different from the rest of the world. Which I mean, I can already tell there's several things that stand out to me like after watching the the smile video. Like they don't let major... I'm sure to an extent they do get a majority might not. But they're always they always seem happy no matter what life throws at them. And they text a lot. They text a lot. Yes, yes social media presence is very there. Yeah, so I'm kind of curious of what the 14 reasons are specifically. I wonder if either of those two things... Well, let's hop in, let's check it out. Yeah. What if I told you there is a country where over 175 languages are spoken. People text more than anywhere else in the world and boxing fights directly influence crime rates. It sounds pretty much unbelievable, but it's all true in the Philippines. 14. There are more than 100... To be fair, many pack yellows from the Philippines. Okay, so I think that's what that was talking about. 175 spoken languages. 175 spoken languages. There are two official languages in the Philippines. Filipino, based on Tagalog, and English. Filipino is the most commonly spoken and pop culture language and the government of the country uses English in their work. By the way, the Philippines are number five on the list of the world's top English-speaking populations after US, India, Pakistan, and the UK. All this sounds pretty plain and ordinary, but... I wonder if it's in that order. I think it was. Like, how's the UK not number one? I don't know. Being that English is from England. Right. It's just kind of weird. Did it say by like amount of people maybe that I completely missed? So I don't think it was in that order. I think it was just saying that these are the other countries that are in that list. Because I... there's no way that America is number one. Could be. I guess. Technically, but... In fact, the diverse linguistic groups living in the country use over 175 languages for their internal communication. Since many of them exist only in spoken form, it's impossible to calculate the exact amount. 13. That's really cool. Their capital is the most densely populated city in the world. The nation's capital, Manila, and its 16 surrounding cities that make up the Metro Manila area have a population of 12.8 million people. During the daytime, this number gets way higher since many people come here to work. And while the number doesn't sound that crazy, take note that all these people live and work in an area of 16.56 square miles. Wow. Holy cow. That's insane. That's five times higher than in Mumbai or Paris, for example. That's insane. We have churches in shopping malls. Shopping malls aren't merely a place where you buy stuff from. Different Filipinos. They are safe air-conditioned communities with gyms, health clinics. So, I think that's... Like, when I was in Spain, one of the churches that I went to was actually an old... And I went... it was a Baptist church. And it was an old Catholic church. I thought that was pretty cool. This is way cooler. Yeah. Like... Then you can go to the food court and eat your lunch after church. That's awesome. Yeah, that's dope. I love it. Next concert halls, nightclubs, parks, and even churches inside. So, it's no surprise that they are the favorite place to meet up with friends for so many locals. And three of the world's 10 largest shopping malls are located in the Philippines. They are mega fashion mall of SM Mega Mall, SM City North EDSA, and SM Mall of Asia. 11. Filipinos are the number one texting nation... Let us know down in the comments. I kind of want to do like the top 10 largest malls in the world. Okay. Because I feel like a majority of those are going to be in Southeast Asia. Yeah, because I think one or two of them are in Malaysia. I'm sure Indonesia's got one. I'm Betia, even Singapore might have one. I think VinFast... They're... They've been... Oh, not a group. Yeah. Has a pretty large mall. Yeah, I agree. I'll check that out. Let us know down in the comments if you want us to react to that. Yeah. So... Filipinos are the number one texting nation world. We knew that. Because we know things from the last video. Exactly. Been in the world. You already know Filipinos love meeting up with friends at shopping malls, and when they can't see each other in person, they text. And when they do it, they rarely limit it to, Hey, how are you? In fact, they send about 400 million texts a day. And that's around 142 billion texts a year. It's more than the US and Europe put together. Not exactly a little number. That is a country of 17 million people. Like, how do you... So does that interrupt like... Life sometimes? Like, that's so much texting. I feel like you'd have to always be on your phone for that. That's an entire continent. Oh, not entire continent. Europe. Yeah, Europe. I said Europe. That's an entire continent. And then the US, which is kind of the size of a continent, that's crazy. Like a lot of text messages. Do you literally never call any? But like, we don't call very often. Yeah. But I still call. Like whenever I talk to my parents, it's very seldom I'll text them. Usually it's a quick phone call. Just to get what I'm trying to say, but it never ends up being short. Right. That's so much text messaging. It's a lot of text. Kudos. Y'all should be proud of that. That's a pretty big... It's a big number. That's a huge number. They have a unique form of transportation. If you visit me alone, you'll notice some interesting looking vehicles called cheapneys. They are converted to less zombie cheaps that stayed in the country after World War II. Filipinos adapted them to... If we... When we go to the Philippines, you know what I want to do? Hmm. A Doug Demiro style... Jeetney review. Okay. Wouldn't that be cool? Yeah. This is... A whatever-year model Jeetney. That'd be cool. A transport up to 18 passengers who jump on the Jeetney going in their direction and ring the bell for it to stop. There are about 50,000 Jeets in vanilla. And they all look different. It's so cool. Basketball stars, cartoon characters, inspirational quotes, neon lights, and whatnot on them. There are two major problems with Jeetneys. Safety concerns and pollution. They produce huge amounts of black smoke. So hurry up if you want to ride before they get replaced with a rapid transit system. Yeah. Oh, is that what they're for? One of the... They're used like a rap... Like a bus system? Yeah. Oh! I thought these were like private... Like just... This is my car. No. I'm just trying to use that as jeep. No, they're used as public transportation. I did not know that. Oh, that's so cool. That makes it even cooler. Yeah. Go back. Oh. How cool would it be to literally walk out to the freaking ocean? That would be nice. Or see, I'm calling it a ocean. I don't care. That would be... How insane. Like, I don't even think in places that are very high-end here are that close. Yeah. That is insane. It's dangerous, but insane. Yeah, but I... And then you have a pool right here? Like why? Yeah. Why? I'd be like, I'd never walk in this direction from my house. That is so cool. Outfish every day. Yeah. Yeah. With more volcanoes per square mile than any other island on the planet. The island is 14 miles long and 8.5 miles wide and has seven volcanoes and five towns. And even though earthquakes and eruptions shaped it, volcanoes have been deep asleep since the 50s, so thousands of tourists can safely visit the island these days. I would love to see that. Take the drone. The national flag of the Philippines has two bands of blue and scarlet and a white triangle at the hoist with a yellow sun and eight rays. Each of them standing for one province of the country. The yellow star stand for the three largest island groups. Luzon, Visayas, and Mindinau. What makes a flag really unique is that it can be reversed to declare a state of war. This has been during the Philippine Revolutionary War of 1898 to 1901 and during World War II in 1941 to 1945. Seven, boxing directly affects crime rates in the country. Filipinos love boxing and are crazy about their most famous boxer, Manipackia. Whenever he fights, the whole country is glued to its TV sets. And according to the Philippine National Police, BNP, crime rates in the country drop significantly when he's in the ring. I couldn't imagine. I'm fighting against a American guy who's going to the TV. Whether Jr. that went from 9am to 3pm, not a single crime was committed in the whole Manila metropolitan area. It was basically the same during other major fights with the participation of the people's champ, Manipackia. My lawyer, Annalysse, just called me back to back. Six. So, is it true that he got into politics there? I had read that or heard that. I don't know. I don't know if it's true. I just thought it was really kind of a cool fact that that an athlete, I guess, kind of like Annalysse, Schwarzenegger here, was so popular that he was able to kind of try to help the country make a change. A lot of Filipinos work abroad. It might be because of their flexible and reliable character, or the fact that they speak great English as a second language, but more than 11 million Filipinos work abroad. It's around 11% of the population, and a quarter of all overseas nurses in the world come from the Philippines. We learned that. Their rice terraces are the eighth wonder of the world. But now a rice terraces are the only world that we're so smart to find that they still bring a harvest of rice and vegetables, most of which get exported. And it is believed if all the terraces had been built end to end, they would stretch halfway around the world. Today these places bring the country more money as a tourist destination than rice plantations, and thus they play an important role for the economy of the Philippines. So one thing we learned is that, and I believe it's Indonesia that the volcanoes were a big reason that it's such good fertile land. Fertile lands. Is that the same situation in the Philippines? Is that why they have, I don't know if rice is affected by the actual dirt? I don't know how rice is grown or made or whatever. What's all going to be affected by the dirt that it grows in? But isn't it usually in like, because they call it patties, right? So it's like water. Yeah. So I don't know. I'm not going to say here and say that I know how it's done. I know it's not made. I know it's grown. But is it affected by the volcanoes? This is my question. Or they produce a lot of coconuts. For years, the Philippines had been the number one producer of coconuts in the world. And even though the leadership now belongs to Indonesia, 153,532,000 tons per year is still a lot of... I thought they were going to say individual coconuts. I was like, how did you come up with that number? Everything from clothing to beauty products. Three, the first European to visit the Philippines was Fertin and Magellan. Cool. He just called the Arkey. Exactly. Around 90% of the population are Christian, unlike most of the country's neighbors. In 1898, the Philippines went under US rule and later, in 1946, became an independent republic. Two. A Filipino made the first karaoke machine. We learned that. Yep. And everybody loves to sing in the Philippines. Yeah. I'm garbage at singing, but I love doing that. In 1975, I worked in the Philippines. Yeah, I'm awful. He patented as the sing-along system. And even though there were some attempts to claim his creation, he still remains the only patent holder for the karaoke system. Wow. So does he stop? The population doesn't have a dream. Good looking. Along with their love for boxing, texting, and shopping, Filipinos are crazy about beauty patches. It might be the years of American rule that gave them this love for competitive beauty, but the fact remains a fact. They have one in all major international patches 15 times. There were four girls crowned Miss Universe, one Miss World, six title holders of Miss International, and four Miss Earth crowns. The first official pageant was held within the country in 1908. And since 2001, it's not just about beauty, but also for the promotion of environmental protection. Would you like to visit the Philippines? Yes. Or maybe you've already been there. No. Let me know in the comments section below. We will. Don't forget to give this video a like. Share it. That was awesome. A lot of the things on there we'd actually already learned, but it's nice to have somebody else affirm it and reiterate it. What was the second to the last one? Right before the... There was beauty. The one before that was... Do-do-do-do. Karyoki. Karyoki. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But no, that's awesome. And it's cool to know that most people in the Philippines like to sing. So when I come out there... We're gonna hit it. We're gonna hit up Karyoki. People are gonna be angry because they're not going to be drunk enough to be handling this voice. I don't know. This is a good video. I like Brightside. They always give a lot of good information. And they explain it very well. Yeah. And typically it's very entertaining at the time. So... You got anything else you want to add? Mm-hmm. This was actually really good. So with that being said, my name's Miles. My name is Fez. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out.