 What's up broskies and babeskies we have just arrived at this super fancy hotel. You know I've been in here. We are here for the sky walk which is A very high place to get a good view of Sebu city two broskies going to the moon and we're taking you guys with us to the moon You guys down for this you guys ready? I don't think you look ready Stick out your chest put up that chin follow the two broskies in Maybe is it a discount if you stay here. Yes, yes, we stay here You remember us right? He knows us. Yeah room one You decided for the sky bar so excited to see Sebu from such a high point of view everybody that's from Sebu you guys live in a beautiful place Yes Welcome to the skies of Sebu For the past few days we've been walking around Sebu. Yeah, and we've only seen this place from the street Yeah, from the little alleyways and from the little little shops and now we actually get the chance to experience it Yeah, bird's eye view star. This is really it's completely different experience Sebu from a different perspective for us People from like outside of the Philippines are not used to like landscapes like this and it looks really nice I like how the Philippines does its clouds man. It's like cotton candy so fluffy. They're so fluffy and like You know, so look at this Shall we? Yeah, I'm kind of hungry do freshen up a little bit and then head over to that dried fish market tonight Like the sound of that all right guys. See you at the dried fish market tonight be there all right All right guys, we just had a nice little rest and we're all recharged right dad? Recharge repainted and it's to repowered So we are ready to go to this fish market that our host told us about Apparently it's a big Filipino thing to eat dried fish so Let's go eat some crazy dried fish do it man. Let's do it all right We just arrived in one thing that I realized straight away Is that it smells really good? Like fish in the air properly. Why does it smell like fish? It is fishy out here. Yeah, it really is the world is going crazy They used to just be fish in the water, but now there's fish in the air counting fish like she's counting money So we're gonna be trying a few of these dry fish things Nice how about you try it out man unsalted one try it man. How much is Everything for kilo You're just gonna have to buy a kilo go we're gonna find a place we don't have to find a hole here when we don't have to buy all kilo Here we go guys deep into the abyss of a fishy market To show you guys exactly what is up in the middle of sebu truck and roll And there's fresh fish here That looks delicious Do you think it's in bro? It looks delicious man delicious. Yeah What is it delicious? What do you try some? What it is? Oh guys check it out I found something that's really delicious Doesn't look like a rainbow to me How much How much Like a small piece how much? 60 360 A kilo but how much much for a hundred 90 One for it One for it What's one for it? Respect for all this time That's one for it We don't want too much we would just want to try a little bit Okay, is it possible? 36 Alright what did you do? I don't know There's no way we're eating that But this is 36 How much but we want to try a different one Is possible? We can we give one hundred and we just have two of each But only with the best ones 50 best ones Cannot just buy two It's a really complicated situation For us it's too much So we want Oh there we see Can I half? I'm just going to give it to you Only 36 We are small boy Too much It's a freaky look, isn't it? This one looks kind of cool Can you get one of these? This What this one? Let's do that A blanket of fish, dude It's a blanket of fish Can that fish just fell on the floor? Man they're all about recycling It's a sustainability What else do you want? I think that might be enough I think it's enough Thank you No Vinta Thank you Thank you sir We go eat You can eat like this? No You must cook it Cannot eat like this No You're a full person With oil We best stop You can eat this one Really? Really? I think we should try it You and we try now We just pick the less to show the We just pick the less to show the Okay One that day One that day Okay, how's it around? Nice Almost Oh, cool, you I got one Anyone? Nope You're not bad Very bad It's like Really not bad actually You're not bad You're not bad Try it I've got a piano squid Without your friends Not yet Terpese off for me, Britsky There you go, bro Nice No, this is nice This is nice No, this is my favorite one It looks good It looks really good It tastes tough It's like leather I like this one Let me do it There you have it, guys Try a beautiful fish, you snagged It's a squid I didn't know that Is this bro? It's a fish fillet A good second day And a good rest of the Philippines Where we're going to choose with our friend here as well No, no, no, thank you No, thank you You're going to get the shit's later Thank you Alright guys, we've finished off here in the dried fish market and then we ran into this. They weren't joking when they said, rainds even, man. Oh really, we're not joking when they said rainds. These kids love it. Because I think I'd love it if I was a kid. It was all jump out, getting a shower. And then we ran into each other.