 I'm so sorry. Holding me back, Grav it is holding me back I want you to hold up the palm of your hand Why don't we leave it at that? Nothing to say, When everything is in the way Seems you will not be replaced And I'm the one who will stay yo In this world, It's just us You know it's not the same as it was In this world, It's just us You know it's not the same as it was As it was As it was You know it's not the same as it was As it was As it was You know it's not the same Any news? One of the most memorable P三 songs Who donuts us again? Wow, that's attractive. Ah. Really beautiful verbose. It's so good. Okay, that's fine. Very good. Right, so we take a look. Okay, let's go. Okay, let's go. Okay, let's go. Okay, let's go. Okay, that's fine. Very good. Right, so we take a look. I love the raw in the background. It's just shuffling around. They're going to just keep swapping. They're just going to keep swapping. It's just fine. You're going to just fine. And you're going to feel raw. And you're going to feel raw. We say. I am the one who's raw. I am the one who's raw. I am the one who's raw. Yeah, in the background home. That was really comfortable for her. When you had the woman who was doing a great job just before her, she had a much more kind of light tone. And she came in and it didn't sound as high, but it felt more powerful. I am the one who's raw. Yeah. Yeah. Have a look at that. Having to come straight in. A little bit of a growl. This guy's getting high by and over there. I'm getting high. I'm getting high. You should have a stand. I would be very grateful if I was coming in on that bit. I was like, okay, we're coming up to something a little bit more manageable. Yeah, there's so many connective things that are happening that they all have a sketch because they need to quickly swap the microphone over. You should have a stand. I need backup as well. Yeah, that's how I'm trying. It's a bit like your apologize to you, isn't it? I love it. I love you. It was the kind of light. No, hold on. It just before that beat when he passed it over to him. It was like, hold on a second here. What was his bit there? It was quite your belting, wasn't it? That's so high already. Oh, he's limbering up by then. Really nice kind of use of he went up into the really resonant upper chest where he's creating this very full sound. Where you're able to sound full rather than... Yeah, and it still sounds very impressive. It's giving it that real nasty sort of like, oh, yes! We're almost just about halfway through. So, actually, just over. Everyone probably even gets to hear it again. Very nice. Although that's not exactly on there, is it right? No, but that's not as loud as his. What a feeling! The tone of that's beautiful, actually. She has a very breathy tone in a good one. That's lovely. Yes! The next one, mine! I always wanted to get it. How does that make it? She was getting very stout. Oh, it's the dark horse. I think she is the... Is she the one last time I said she made it sound easy? Although I don't know, you know what I mean? Oh, great! Yeah, it's flexibility there. The way that she's really bending that note is so impressive. Beautiful singing. That guy wants to swap. I don't know, he just turned around, but yeah. Do you want to do it next? That was beautiful, great! That was really clear and beautiful. Oh, there was a harmony. Someone's there, I'm there. I love that. Come on, dream girl. Who is this group of people? It's just the loudest sound of the puff. It's just the cruege, you know what I mean? The gang is at the pub. Very good. So the... I just see if the TikTok channel said 112-A-F-E-D-1128. It's this! Allow me to be ignorant now. Is this just what's happening all over the Philippines? Because you do have a bit of a reputation for being good at singing. We heard about you. And I'm beginning to suspect that this is just going on everywhere. It's just rampant with it. No one's impressed anymore because everyone says it's too good. Is that how it is? Okay, awesome. We're really, really glad that we watched that. So thanks so much for setting us to take a look at this. We're going to be watching more videos. We've already been watching videos for two years. We're so close to 100,000 subscribers. Maybe join us because we're going to be doing more. And we'll see you guys again next time. Thank you guys. Bye. Bye.