 What do Filipinos look like? Filipinos are just like Thai people, you know? They have darker skin tones, they have lighter skin tones. I remember having this conversation with a friend from Shregao. She gets discriminated by her own fellow countryman for having a two-dog skin. I just couldn't understand. Why even make a thing, right? What's up, Filipinos? Welcome back to another video with your host, Lely. Welcome, welcome, welcome. Today we are reacting to what do Filipinos look like to foreigners? Good one. You might have a thing or two to say, but I would say, as always, let's jump straight into it and see what this video is about. Filipinos. A very pretty and handsome. Ooh, yeah. When you search the terms Filipinos on Google, this is what you see. This and this. Interesting. And this. Hmm. Even this. But he isn't Filipinos. Filipinos just like him. When you watch the television in the Philippines, you see Filipinos as this. Yeah. Or this. Yeah. Or this. So you think this. But to the people who've met Filipinos all around the world, what do Filipinos look like? Hi, everyone. My name is Natti and I come from Thailand. From my perspective, from my personal encounters with meeting Filipinos and having Filipino friends, all I can say is that Filipinos are very diverse. And very true. I disagree, some might agree. I have mistaken Filipinos for Thai people before, especially with women. Not so much as men, but with women sometimes it's very different to tell. The difference. But then, you know, once they say, oh, no, they're Filipino, I'm like, oh, okay. Yeah. Same happens to my friends in Indonesia. I should mean, I don't know, being ignorant and me thinking, oh, this person looks South East Asian, they must be Thai. As I met more Filipinos, I realized, oh, Filipinos are just like Thai people, you know. They have darker skin tones. They have lighter skin tones, more look East Asian, more look South East Asian. It's a mix and everyone is very unique in the way they look. From my perspective, of course. Hi guys, my name is Natti and I'm already interested. I live here in the UK. Now, I have a theory, guys. I mean, yeah, it's not my science. It's just me and my brain. But I feel like if you're from a place you're able to identify people from the same place, easier than people who are outside of the place, you know. So if you're from the Philippines, you're able to identify other people from the Philippines as compared to people or not from the Philippines, it came me. When it comes to answering this question, all I can really preach is diversity. Because what happens has another one has straight hair. Another one has more olive-tone skin. Another one has lighter skin tone. I look like I'm from the matrix doing the red pill blue pill, but you get my point. Like I believe that no people, no place, no country is a monolith. People look different. But I also think that if I'm not from the Philippines, maybe I'm not able to identify more common traits or features. But I would just like to make a point that even if you don't have these common, denominated features, it doesn't invalidate your identity as someone from the Philippines. It's a racist validate way from. In my life, all I've seen is diversity when it comes to people from the Philippines. We look on this channel and we see that to me, everyone is different, but they're all from the Philippines. They're not the beautiful human experience. That's because yeah, that's all I got. So yeah, thank you. Bye. I'll actually go from the panel. The Filipinos as a people, it's just like it's not diverse. Maybe it's just people like lack of knowledge, but for me, Filipinos in other countries around Philippines, they have common features. People from there, it is similar to the Filipinos. My name is Ran. What contrasts in Thai? In terms of energy. In my life in the UAE, I've met a lot of Filipinos. In my opinion, Filipinos have a lot of common in general, either in their face features, their skin tones, even in their morals. They're interconnected people. Like, really, if you find a Filipino have a darker skin tone or a brighter skin tone, they all have the same skin tone in my opinion. Also, for their eye shape, their nose, mostly they look alike. Sometimes I have hard time differentiating between a Filipino and an Indonesian, but they look really alike. But in general, in my opinion, I find Filipinos have a lot of common. Even in their morals, they're so friendly and kind. It's a rare thing to find a Filipino fronting in your face or not trying to help you. Hi there, my name is Phraena and I am originally from Mexico, but I live in Toronto, Canada. I guess it's just not your best friend. I've been very lucky for past years. I've met amazing Filipino folks or half Filipino folks here in Canada and hands down. They are some of the most creative and hardworking people that I've had to be able to know. That in mind, I guess it's difficult for me to talk about physical traits because I'm very aware that it does really vary on the person, specifically because I've met people who might be half Filipino, half black, or very, very different just features to what I might have associated in the past. Filipinos, you know, the darker hair and darker eyes, but nowadays I think again, because of the people that I've had the pleasure of knowing, I'm very aware that Filipino culture and race is not monolith, it's not homogenous, and it's actually quite diverse. Hello, it's me again. Okay, one more that says it's very diverse. And somebody who has traveled to so many places in the Philippines, I have to say the same. I met people from, I would say from the Aetas. I met people from the Ifugau. And I met people who have Spanish blood. I met people from the salt that are maybe a little bit shorter and have darker skin and a little bit different facial features. I've also met people in the North in the canas where people are very tall and have brighter skin and have just very, very different facial features. So it really varies and depends on where you're from. And plus there is also the diversity of people having different parents growing up in different countries, Filipino Americans, Australian Filipinos. Yeah, you name it. It's very, very diverse. I'm Anthony. I'm living in Macau. Actually, there are a lot of Filipino who live in here. So during my observation, they are sharing some common features. Similar skin tone example. My housekeeper is a Filipino and her skin tone is a little bit darker than Magnus. But whatever for me, she just look like the same as everyone in Macau. So we won't see her as a different. Thank you. Hi, we are in the international couple living in Korea. I'm half Greek, half Ukrainian. I'm from Korea. We have a couple, you took China and a couple Instagram. So please check us out. And now to the point. What is in your opinion when you think about Filipino people, how do they think? I think that people from Philippine look cute because they have big eyes. And when I travel to Zebo, actually I was shocked because I thought Filipino looks like more different. Then Koreans. Yeah, but you know, some people look like Korean. Oh, some people have similar characteristics. I didn't know that. Since you've traveled, I guess you know. Well, in my opinion, just from the Filipinos I've met and I've seen in my life, I don't have a really stereotypical view of them, but I believe that they have some of the most healthy and beautiful and voluminous hair in the world. Oh, yes. And they like that hair. That's beautiful, I'm so jealous of the hair. Just, yeah. And like men are fine. They have really thick eyebrows and it's really nice. But like the women, men, they're gorgeous. They're good. I think there are some of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in my entire life. Because they are gorgeous. They have good skin. Oh, yeah, they're skinned. Like they have no acne. Like their skin is just like Asian skin is just different. They're just really creative. I'm really supportive and that makes them really amazing creators or influencers. And my Filipino friend from vanilla was visiting me and she said to make another friend and this other friend said, Oh, Botox looks good on you for like 40s and she's like, there is no Botox. And I stepped in and I said it's called Asian skin. It just looks flawless. They're really outgoing. Yeah, really outgoing, really open minded and super creative. That's just our opinion though. It doesn't mean everyone's like that, of course. Hello, my name is Alina. I'm half German and half Spanish and you can find me on TikTok and on Instagram. I have a few pictures. What does girls look like somewhere? They always look like the Asian version of a Hispanic person. Like dark skin, full lips. A little bit Asian features eyes and dark hair. I mean, it's very beautiful. I love the tent look, you know? So when I think of, yeah, me too. I think about the tent Asian person with a lot of European Latin vibes. Yes, that's the Philippines. Very good point. And Tansom. Like all my friends on the Philippines are gorgeous. Hello, my name is Ariel. I'm from Singapore. So growing up in Singapore, I interacted with a lot of multicultural people. So a lot of people from various parts in Southeast Asia. I'm obviously not a lot of Filipino people. So a lot of them to me, I can easily distinguish whether from... I can kind of distinguish if someone is Filipino or someone is from Cambodia. Interesting. Dows or Indonesia? I learned to distinguish a little bit. I would say are quite telling if a person is Filipino. Firstly, in my opinion, I think Filipino people have very dark hair. So they have very dark eyebrows, very dark typically black or dark brown. And they also have very thick eyebrows and thick hair. So that's one of the physical traits that I use to distinguish. The second thing is that obviously because when Southeast Asia, a lot of people are quite tan. And a lot of Filipino people I've met are quite tan as well. They also have more distinct features that I would generally pinpoint as physical traits. So a lot of Filipino people that I've met have a round of heart shape face. Where it's very sharp and point here at the bottom. So they have very sharp chins and very round faces. A lot of Filipino people also kind of have rounder noses, like more button noses. Less of a high, but more button noses. But I think one of the most telling signs is obviously all Asian. But they have quite Eurocentric features. So they're great when I see a Asian person, but also they don't look completely Asian. I would kind of say yes. And a lot of them that I've encountered happen to be built. Hi, I'm Sari. I'm from Indonesia. That's a good point. Filipino's look like us in the nation. I feel that we have quite many similarities in terms of the skin tone, facial features, and also body size, eye style, we have a thin eye. And probably because we came from Asian and the Philippines is next to Indonesia with basically neighbor. And probably we have the same weather and temperature. So probably very similar. And also it's not only that actually I have Filipino friends. Whenever I've been talking to them, I feel that I'm talking to my fellow Indonesian. Because we just have the same sense of the joke. Similar culture. Full of the joke, we just get it instantly. Filipino likes to laugh a lot. Similar to us. We just like joyful. And in the middle of the conversation, it's just like Filipino things. And also our things. Filipino in Indonesia, I think, quite many similarities, not only in the physical look, but also personality-wise. Just like our foreign friends, we Filipino still have a divided opinion on what a Filipino truly looks like. To some Philippines with a diverse race highlighting the ethnic diversity of the Philippines, with naturally kaya manggi pepinos, beautifully darker in agredos, lighter skin groups such as the mestizos and Filipino Chinese, and many more groups with distinct features that encompass a single race. To other kaba-bions of ours, being Filipinos defined by having big, double-lit eyes, brown kaya manggi skin, and noses which are labeled as pão, which isn't really something to be ashamed of. In fact, it's often heard in the number of Filipino songs. No, I didn't know. Media, and then books for school kids tackling the Filipino identity, which all equate to the idea of a homogenous physical appearance of Filipinos. However, if we were to say that the Philippines is a truly diverse country such as the United States, Brazil, or Singapore, we must then question why the term Filipino-Pilipino, which is roughly translated to very Filipino exists, to describe the appearance of your average one. If we look into this map by the Harvard Institute for Economic Research created in 2002, we can see that the Philippines apparently isn't as diverse as our neighbors such as Indonesia, Thailand, and Malaysia to name a few. But we also aren't as ethnically homogenous as Japan or South Korea, which are the most homogenous in Harvard study. If we were to look at the closest census of the Philippines at that time, an overwhelming majority of 95% of the Philippine population in the year 2000 were of ethnic Filipinos, a term that was used to describe the ethnolinguistic groups descending from Austrian-Asian-speaking migrants, such as the Tagalogs, Cebuanos, Lumads, and the Life. The most significant foreign ethnic minority at that time were the Chinese Filipinos followed by the mixed mestizos. However, it's important to remember that ethnicity, like race, is a social construct, which simply means that it was made by people to supposedly make sense of things we find difficult to understand. So next time a foreigner says that a Filipino celebrity, or even people like you and me, either don't look Filipino or look very Filipino, remember that a Filipino can look like this. This, this, and a majority of us still look like this. But in the end, we're all simply, beautifully and wonderfully Filipino. Very true. Nicely summarized. I remember having this conversation with a friend from Shrega, where she pointed out that she gets discriminated by her own fellow countryman for having a two-dog skin, and she lives on an island, and she's exposed to the sun, and she can't really do much about it, and it's mostly like, my little people were, you know, they're hiding in the air-conditioned rooms, and it was such an interesting thing for me to witness, because I just could not understand. Why do I make a thing, right? So embrace everything that you have, you're beautiful as you are. We all have our differences, we all have our nice features, and be proud of it. Let's get it for today, and I'll see you guys in the video on... What's up Philippines? What? What's up Philippines? What's up Philippines?