 Honestly, I don't know why I come out at 1pm every single day because, as I say in pretty much every video I do, it's so bloody hot, I should wake up at like 9am and come do a video sometime. I bet it would be a completely different experience. My last video was in Chinatown and wondering about here at BGC, it's just completely different. As you know, empty the roads are here relatively speaking and how un-caotic it is. It's a complete jokin' cheese. So I've been living in the Philippines for three months already. If you've been on my channel, you know I'm from Scotland, in the UK, and I moved to the Philippines. So in this video, I'm just going to wonder about that kind of talk and give my honest opinion on how I've been finding the Philippines so far. I can't believe it's been three months already to be honest. The time has just flown by. I've spent almost all my time here in the Nilla. I live in BGC in Tegik and as we know it's a complete bubble. This is honestly not an accurate representation of the Philippines by the people over here. It's amazing. I really enjoy it. A lot of people say it's kind of boring and I can see that side of it. But where I am just now having this moved here, it's a very good, safe, nice location to be in. What I've made in the future is explore a kind of more chaotic, nice area to live in as well. Maybe something like McHatty nearby. Just to see how I go for the first year or so, I plan to stay in BGC here. And the other things I've had I went to El Nido for a week. And Boracai for a week. And both of them are absolutely fantastic. I love them. I've been to Boracai before. I've never been to El Nido. I went to Kiron once as well. I'm just kind of similar to Kiron. They're nearby. Both in Palawan. But I need a bit bigger, a bit more going on. So I've been very down in El Nido to my previous visit to Kiron to be honest. But yeah, it was my time to be here in Manila. And to be honest, so far I'm loving life in the Philippines. I really enjoy it. There's just such a happiness about this place. It's a combination of the weather, all the way. Bloody roasting hall all the time. It's quite often sunny. I know we're in somewhere and it's going to turn rainy soon. But the sun just makes everything better. Here from Scotland, like I am. Where it's quite often rainy or grey and it's never that warm. You can never wear shorts and t-shirts in Scotland. It's been able to come out and shorts and t-shirt every single day. It makes a huge, huge difference. And the other thing is just the people here, they would be in there just so bloody friendly. And I can't understand it. And it's amazing. I love it. Their natural facial posture is smiling. They'll walk a bit like this. Whereas these people walk about like this. So it's very, very pleasant to be around. Don't lose security guards. It's a staffer. It's so lovely. They all say hello. They also say good morning. Security guards obviously carry shotguns and machine guns. You do want to be friendly to them. But yeah, no, it's my place. So the weather and the people just make it amazing. So far my trip has just been mostly very, very good experiences. As I've said, I went to El Nido, went to Boracay. And they were just like one and a half hour flight from Manila. That was part of my reasoning. I knew that Manila was the only reason I moved into Manila was to explore the rest of the Philippines as well. And Manila Air Force is so well connected to everywhere within the Philippines. You can just jump on a flight. You can literally wake up one morning and be like, I want to go here today and you can go. And that's such a great option as well. And just being able to do that, have that freedom to go do that is amazing. The other thing for me is just being in a big city like this. There's just so much choice to go and do stuff. My hometown in Scotland is very limited to right. We've got just a handful of restaurants. So they've out 12 to 15,000 people somewhere between that. It's a small place. So moving to a big city anywhere would have been a very interesting experience for me. Because after a couple of really quiet years in Scotland, it's just fun to be able to try different places constantly without having just the same options to go to time and time again. So that isn't really the only specific but I am loving just being in a city. I'm sort of going to the quietest lander in my hand and I've wet myself. So before I came over here, I knew I wanted to do YouTube. YouTube is just such like just matches my hobbies. I like video content creation. I like all that kind of stuff. And making videos like this for fun is just my hobby. So I really enjoy it. And to cross the road before I get run over by these motorbikes, don't even know if I'm allowed to do that. To be honest, I don't know if you're walking to here or a thing or not. Maybe it is. Probably shouldn't do that. Yeah, no, I'm loving doing YouTube so far. And today this morning, I actually go invited to apply for monetization. So I'm really excited for that. It's a long process and I'm not expecting the money to be anything significant but it will help. So yeah, looking forward to that. One of my favourite things since moving to the Philippines in Olan City is the nightlife. I love the nightlife here again. I turn to Scotland. Very, very small. Very just like a local pub kind of feeling. Nightlife here is just chaotic. You can meet amazing people with amazing stories. I actually love going out by myself, which sounds kind of sad. But I actually go that's the best way to meet people in a nightlife environment. The nightlife here is just a bit crazy. I love them. I love that. So it's a good fun being immersed in that. And yeah, it's at least to some interesting stories, meeting nice people. And again, there's a lot of joy. There's so many different areas of time you can go to for a different experience. I don't actually really go out in BGZ where I live. I find it to be more up market, more difficult to speak to people. I prefer going to Macat in nearby, which is like rougher, dirtier nights out. But it's just more fun. It's more fun event today. And I'm loving going out every weekend. It's a good fun. So as you can probably tell, I'm loving life in the Philippines. I do feel I need to balance this video out slightly with some of the kind of more or less pleasant experiences so far. And there's been nothing major absolutely. I want to stress that. I'm really enjoying it. I love the people, I love the weather, I love the place. And there's been nothing major. So I think I would probably say, I'm going to cross the street first actually, because this is going to be noisy. So most unpleasant experience I've had here in the Philippines so far has actually been grab drivers. Now, don't get me wrong, 19 out of 20 are absolutely fine. I have a two real stinky grab drips where I felt actually very threatened or disgusted. One guy was just an terrible driver. He was slamming his brakes on, slamming his horn, just doing everything possible to make it a really, really nerve in journey. I was amazed we didn't crash, to be honest. So I hated that. And another guy I had was just a disgusting guy. This could happen in any country, right? You can get a bad taxi driver. So it's not Philippines specific. But this guy was just, he was actually belching away. He was just burping. And he burped like 30 or 40 times in a pretty weird like, it's like he was trying to be disgusting. And I don't know why he was doing that. But hopefully he got banned by grab and playing the game. But he had like a 4.6 rating. So I think he was kind of at that threshold where he started getting a bit of trouble if you're a grab driver, if you don't maintain close to five stars. But yeah, those are probably the only two bad experiences I've had to grab. Most of them are lovely, but there will be no guys who have been very pleasant and driven relatively very safely as well. That point leads me nicely on to the next point, which is just the driving in the Philippines. I know just across Asia, driving is not the best. I've lived in a little least where the driving was terrible. But the Philippines, in my opinion, is just lacking the systems to make driving safe. Like, give away isn't I think here? It's very much a case of nut your car out. And everyone drives within like centimeters of each other just to try and win that battle. And it's very dangerous. Like, I've 30 years in Scotland, I've never seen a car crash. Never once in three months in the Philippines I've seen two. I saw a girl get run over by a car. Luckily she was okay. It was her fault. She was drunk in the middle of the road and she just got hit by a car. And the problem was the driver wasn't looking at the road. He was on like this bone and very dangerous way to drive. And the other one was I saw a strike and a bicycle, not a car crash that you would be here, but the strike and a bicycle smashed into each other somehow. I don't even know how you manage that to be honest, but it's just a driving is a little bit crazy. But if you don't drive like that here, you would never get anywhere. So I'm not saying that people are necessarily bad drivers. I just think you're really, Philippines is just really missing a giveaway system, like a proper one. And I don't know if that just comes with overpopulation. The roads are too busy for how many cars there are that people just have no patience with giveaway. I'm not sure. This is such a nice street. This street is just this is Bergars Circle. And there's so many restaurants here and stuff, but it's just a beautiful little street here. So I need to come here for dinner one night definitely. This is a series called Forbes Tire and I need to spend more time here. It's such a lovely area and it's just like a 15 minute walk from where I live. So yeah, it's a beautiful area. Lots of restaurants again, so I need to come try some of these guys that I've never had food here at all. But it's awesome with good trucks here. So I would be tempted to try one day. But for the first time ever in one of my videos, I should not go into getting food. I've heard my auntie Moira is very upset. I keep getting food in my videos, so I'm not going to do that today. She'll be glad I know. But that's pretty much it in terms of the negatives of my tiny Philippines. And that's a test of how much I've enjoyed it. The only problems I've honestly had was a couple of bad, de-grab drivers, a taxi drivers, and I think the driving can be a little bit better. That just says so much how much I've enjoyed it in place. I've had no serious issues at all. I've not had any problems with anybody really. And it was so friendly, so nice, more welcoming. It was so curious to find everyone you're from and what even the Philippines and the Philippines have enjoyed. That is such a pleasant, lovely place to wonder about. So I'm loving it. I have had a few comments saying, you know, get out of BGC, go to like the Ruffer areas of Manila. And I do plan to do that. But just now I'm still exploring this area and I will expand. I will go into other areas more often. I visit McCadi quite a lot in my nightlife ventures. But yeah, I'm still kind of working my way up to that. I guess it's a thing. I do realize BGC is just this very safe modern kind of bubble up in Manila. And the rest of it's not like this at all. But I suspect, for what I've seen on YouTube, it's the people in these areas are equally not more friendly. So I'm looking forward to exploring more of Manila, but I'm also in no rush. It would be here. Like I'm not on a time scale. I'm not going anywhere else. My next trip that I've planned so far overseas is back to the UK in April, which is just under a year from now. And that's just to go home for probably one to two months. And then I'll come back to Manila after that. So yeah, it's going to be exciting. I've got plenty of time to go exploring here in Manila and the rest of the Philippines. I just thought of another role in the Philippines. And that is how open people are to vloggers here. In the UK, it would feel so weird doing this. I mean, it's so strange wondering down like a street in Scotland or anywhere in the UK or even Europe. And doing this kind of vlog, people would be like, what the hell is this person doing? People would be sharing stuff. It would be very uncomfortable. But in the Philippines, it's totally accepted. It doesn't feel strange at all. And after your first couple of videos, you just get really used to it. So it's great. I love it. It's obviously doing YouTube. It makes it so much easier to how friendly people are and how open they are to be on camera and wanting to join in and wanting to say hi. So yeah, it makes my life so much easier. Again, there's just so much stuff going on just across the street here. There's a little plant market. I'm not going to buy a plant. I do want to just go to Luke. And this kind of stuff just happens all over the place where there are only little market stalls that you can experiment and go have a look and take a wonder by how it just makes it so interesting. I think that's pretty much my thoughts on the Philippines. I'm just, I'm really enjoying it. I don't know what else I can say. I'm loving how much I was to explore, I love the weather, I love the friendliness of the people. I can maybe share a little bit about my background. A lot of people have noticed I speak Tagalog some extent. I'm not like fluent in Tagalog a long way off it. But I can go basic conversation and probably more than the average expat. A lot of expat is not like, you know, magnet and magnet. I can mix that stuff. It was going to be basic terms. I can go a bit further. But where I picked up Tagalog was I used to be a hotel manager in Dubai. And this was my first experience of being overseas from the UK. That wasn't a holiday. And so when there's a hotel manager in Dubai, obviously there's a lot of Filipino and OFWs overseas workers. And I became very friendly with a lot of them. And I was coaching a Filipino sports team for a while. So yeah, I kind of picked up Tagalog unintentionally, I would say. But I think the Filipino is my favorite kind of community within Dubai. And so I went to the Philippines in holiday. First time in 2014, went to Borokai. I loved it. I fell in love with Borokai. And if you watched my Borokai video, you know I went there again in 2015, 2016. And again, just a few weeks ago there. I love videos on my channel. Feel free to check it out. But yeah, that's pretty much where I picked up Tagalog. I've not actually learned any Tagalog since I got here. I think eat vlog is the only part of her and egg. So yeah, it's a little bit strange. But a lot of people are like, no, you've only been here three months and you already speak Tagalog, you're a fat learner. It's just not the case. I hate to lie to them, but it's just not the case. Yeah, I spent five years in the Middle East working with a lot of Filipinos. And that's where I fell in love with the friendliness and warmth and welcoming of people here in the Philippines. So I knew I wanted to move here, but obviously I was meant to move here in 2020. And as we know, music, the pandemic happened. So I didn't get to move and I had to wait. And then it was only this year, 2023. That finally got to move over. So yeah, it's been a really, really positive, good move for me. So yeah, very, very grateful to the Philippines and its people. One issue I have had actually is, it doesn't seem to want to let me open a bank account here, which I kind of understand, but I also kind of don't. I'm a tourist visa. I've got six months on that visa just now. I've got a condo here for a year with an actual address in my name. And yeah, they just don't want to seem to give me a bank account. I've tried a few banks and they're just kind of a tourist visa. You can't do it. I don't know why, because if it's just a normal account where I can transfer money and take it out, I don't see the problem with that. If I was borrowing money, that would be different. Or if there was an interest rate. So any kind of possibility that we told that bank money. I could understand why they wouldn't do that. I'm not tourist visa, obviously. But yeah, I'm not really sure why they don't let you do that. I don't think that's going to be specific though. I think that's the most countries. It's just my lack of understanding of the bank. It's going to be a moment. Every 10,000 pesos I take out. I have to pay 250 pesos on that 10,000 pesos. So I'm kind of getting a shaft a little bit there. It's not terrible, but it's not the best. Hello. Hi. Hello. Are you cute? Oh, don't think you're too friendly. You're not too friendly. I can't put you in a great way. I'm going to go to the coffee shop. Okay, I'll have a cup. Yeah, that cup was a bit of fun. I'm actually just thinking to stir a little bit. Sorry. We're going to shake Shack in one of my videos in far too long, so let's go to Shake Shack. Hello, Mr. Hello. Thank you very much for the fresh time in the evening. I'm very happy. Oh, but... That's it. Thank you. Please take a look. Sorry? To go. A little bit. You're in a good danger. Great. Great. See our reality. You're in a good danger. Oh, I'm so glad I could walk. This looks so refreshing. The weather is sweet, but very nice. That's it. Oh, and our lamb and it was good. Hit the spot. Definitely needed that. Or, and then just put it over a fresh and drink, and that was lovely. So, so you can go just there, here in the middle of the sky. Just a little bit of a little bit of very white and fluffy clouds. Perfect. So that sums up my time here in Manila. I'm loving life, and if it will be, there are a lot of people, a lot of the ways, a lot of the weather. Just love it. Love it. Love it. Love it. Love it. Bye. Everything's happy, everything's positive. So, yeah, thoroughly enjoying myself, and I really hope that it continues like this. Any negatives that had so far have been so small, they're barely even worth mentioning. I feel it had to kind of give some kind of negatives just to balance out a little bit. But, yeah, loving life. So, thank you very much, Philippines. Thanks to everybody who's been supporting my YouTube channel here. I know I've got a huge Filipino following now, and that means we're up to meet. So, my name is Salama, and I'll see you in the next video. Tengat.