 No, they love the Filipinos. They are the sweetest, most kind people. They're so welcoming, so receptive. They're always willing to help other people around them. And they're always giving you food, always giving you food every half-s you go to. There's some sort of snack or full-on meal if they can. They just, they love to help other people. They're so generous, even though they have so little. They, because they have so little, when they have, they give, what they have they give to other people. And they're just so concerned about you. And they're so cute. They're so shy. They are terrified to speak English and mess up. But they, they're so friendly, especially to Americans. They love Americans. They love the white skin, the different hair colors. They're fascinated by freckles. I don't know how much now, like, because Americans have been there for a while, but they're just, they're so cute and friendly. They love them. They're so amazing. And definitely, like, one of the best parts of the mission is getting to know the people and the culture there, and really embracing the culture that's there. Because I feel like sometimes it's easy to just want to, like, no, I have my culture, you have yours, and try to keep yourself separate. But I personally loved that my trainer was like, no, you need to really try to adapt to our culture and like try to take on our culture. And I think that helps me a lot because I understood my investigators at a deeper level and I was able to help them more because I was willing to really understand and live the way that they lived. The Philippines knows, and their culture, I love the culture and the Philippines. The first thing everyone says, and it's true is that they are happy people. They smile. Even though they have a lot of people with a lot of problems, they know how to smile. They know how to laugh. They know how to keep pushing on through or without, you know, just complaining. And that's something you learn quick as a missionary, and you learn from their example is, you know, you're thinking, oh, you know, it's hot. This is hard. I don't know the language. And you learn that you can do hard things and still be happy and still enjoy yourself. That's something I love about the Philippines is their ability to laugh and to smile. It's unlike any other people I know, they can just smile no matter what situation they're in. Another thing I love is they're very, just a very welcoming people. They treat you, you know, you could, something that's nice about the Philippines is you don't have to track in the sense where you go, no, you're not. And say, hi, I'm, oh, they're pet. I'm a missionary from the church. You just walk on the streets and you can just talk to people. You can say, how's your day? How's your family? And just start conversation with someone you don't know. And it seems like after a minute, you can feel like you've been friends for a long time. They just are very open. You can ask them things, you know, that people would think you're crazy in America. Know someone for a minute and ask how many kids they have and what their kids are doing and where they live and who their mom is and who their dad is and what they like and what they do in life. You can get to know someone very quickly and it's awesome. You know, here in America, someone that was at wish that we were more open just saying, hey, what's up? Who are you? Where are you from? What do you like to do? Unfortunately, we don't do that quite as much here, but the Philippines you really can talk with anyone and I love that. They're just a welcoming people. I also love just the faith of the Filipino people. How they're able to kind of like I said, get through hard times and do a hard thing knowing that they will make it and believing in God, believing in his hand to be there to help them. And they have the faith to make that happen. It's a country where you can promise someone that if they do something, they'll get those blessings and they will get those blessings because they'll do it. They'll have the faith bill make big sacrifices. Not something else is Filipino still. They'll sacrifice so much for you. They want to make you feel at home. So when you're visiting members or even people you don't know who just recognize you as someone visiting and a servant of God, they'll give you the food they had for their family and they'll put it in front of you and make you eat. They won't give you the choice. They'll they want you to feel at home. They want you to feel comfortable and it's incredible to see how much they are willing to give up for us as missionaries and for other people. They have charity in that sense unlike really anyone else that I've known. So I really love that the Filipino is so giving. If there's anything I've learned from the Filipino people, it's friendliness. They're really friendly. Really friendly. Sometimes they're really friendly. Like you're walking down the street. Anybody will be eating. Like if you see someone eating while you're walking down the street, they'll call out to you. They want you to come eat with them. You can just be polite. That's okay but they're very friendly. Everyone says hi. Everyone greets you. They're smiling all the time. So yeah, just learn how to be friendly because it's the Filipino people are friendly. Filipinos are so friendly and so loving. They are so kind and so welcoming. It was such a different culture than I was used to here in America. And it surprised me at first how willing people were to talk to us and to let us into their homes. And to feed us, they are so polite. If you go into their house and they're eating, they will offer you whatever they're eating just because that's the nature of their culture. They're also very sensitive and can sometimes be easily offended. But they always do everything to try to save face. So they won't let you know that they're offended and they'll kind of close off from you. And that's just kind of their culture. So you have to learn to be sensitive to that and just love them despite that difference. Because I feel like here in America we're very straightforward. We're very direct. And sometimes if you're like that with the Filipinos, they get offended because they're not used to that directness and their culture because they are so polite and so formal with each other. But I love Filipinos. They are so funny. They have this really funny, sassy sense of humor that it takes a little bit to understand and to find that their jokes are funny. But after you start to understand it, they are hilarious and they'll make you laugh. And they love making people laugh. So it's great. The culture is great. The Filipinos are the best, I think, in the world. They have, because their third world country, they're very humble and very nice. And because they're also humble and they live in such humble circumstances, they're willing to share the world with you. And even though the world may not seem like a lot to somebody coming from out of their country, it's a lot to them. One of the cultural things is Filipinos will never eat the last thing on the plate. Like if you have some food out, they'll never eat the last rice. They'll always leave it for somebody else because they're caring and they're thinking of others. Same thing if you come into their home and you look thirsty, even if they don't have juice or something, they'll go out and buy some juice with whatever they have and share it with you. They're the nicest people. They're an Asian country, so of course they have a lot of respect for their elders. And I've got a lot of that Asian culture, but they're also third world, so they're very, very humble and very respectful and all they do. They're just the nicest people ever. You don't really get your door slammed in your face ever because they're so nice. You will have people turn you down. And especially in the city, it gets a little bit more busy, so they're a little bit more edgy and a little bit more harder again into the home. But with Filipinos, you almost always get a first appointment. Like when you knock doors, you'll almost always be able to walk in their door. The problem is, this is the second and third time. They are so concerned about your feelings and how you feel they don't want to turn you down. So they'll either just hide or avoid you and try to like not make contact rather than tell you up front like, hey, we're not interested in the gospel right now. They'll just be like, oh, you know, that's cool, but I got to go to my grandma's or whatever. And they'll make excuses. They'll be very polite. So sometimes you have to kind of feel that out and kind of feel where they are and just kind of understand where they're coming from because they're, they're too nice to say no. Basically, they're just really happy. That can be a really good thing for missionary work because sometimes like, they're just so easy going that when you set appointments, you can go and you can have those appointments in their great. But sometimes that becomes a bad thing because then they commit like if you ask them like, oh, you read the book of warman, they'll be like, yes, of course, I'll read the book of warman. You're the best. I'll read everything. And then you come back the next day and they're like, so did you read and they're like, oh, I totally didn't. And they're just committing basically to help please you and help you feel better about yourself, not because they're actually committed to doing anything, which is very nice and very polite, but also kind of makes it a little bit harder to read them and understand where they're coming from and they're pointing a few. So it's, they're really nice, really good people, but sometimes you just got to work with them and kind of beef just straight and be like, hey, look, we don't like your person. You have feelings. How do you feel about this? And they'll be honest. They're really nice. Like I said, though, I've literally seen Filipinos like stop what they're doing and come help the missionaries. A lot of times you'll get people who don't even know you out in the countryside and you'll be writing, you'll be walking down a long country. You'll try to get to your next appointment. Somebody will pull over and out there and jump in and you're like, all right. So you get on their little farm tractor, whatever it is they're driving at the time. And then you ask them like, so are you a member? Like, how did you know where others are like, no, the elders just taught me once back like four years ago. And they were really nice. So I said, you guys walking, I thought, it's too hot to walk. So, and like, they're just super nice that way. So super, super hospitable and all ways possible. You know, the Filipino people are they're not rich by any stretch of the imagination and they don't have much. They have their family and their health and a job that'll give them just enough food for the day. And so like being around that for two years, it really humbled me in, you know, how much extra crap we have. And, you know, how unnecessary. So many things are. And so now looking back at it, you know, since being home, I found that personally, just like my budgeting skills are better than they were before my mission where I would just buy stuff to buy stuff. And now I kind of look at it and say, well, is it necessary or is it, you know, a want? And, you know, that's a huge life lesson that those people were able to teach me just being generally humble and both personality and in, like living within my means are huge lessons that they taught me. One of my favorite things about the Filipino people is that when you're walking down the street and you say hi to somebody, they responded immediately without even being able to tell you what's going on. And so, you know, you're not even thinking immediately without even thinking here if you go walk on campus at BYU even and you say hi to somebody, they might like look up at you and smile, but they might think you're a little weird for, you know, trying to start a conversation or something. And so, I think that's one of the things that I'm looking at in my head is that I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head and I'm just looking at my head towel and it's just a towel means people and so it's a respectful way of basically you know like towel, towel or people, people and you wait for them to come outside and they'll say see no yen and then that just means who who's that who's there and you just tell them over missionaries and one thing I just adore about the Filipinos is they're even though they're really shy they're shy to like meet new people or they're shy and sometimes in conversation but they're not shy when it comes to eating you'll walk by a group of people or a family eating dinner outside or whatever meal and they'll say oh sisters cut in tio which means come eat and they'll just keep like being super persistent like coming and we're like no really we just ate fine and like now come on come eat sisters come on and I love that because that just shows like how much they really love um their fellow beings it wasn't just with missionaries they would say that to anyone or if we come in to teach a lesson and part of the family's eating dinner still we're gonna go teach an investigator they would say that they're like oh sister's cut in tio and we're like we're gonna teach it's fine and so I love that about them um one thing you don't do definitely when you're sitting and eating dinner if they offer you more just accept it um they love it when you eat um even if it seems like there's just a little bit of food they're they're very big on uh hospitality and giving uh that's what they're really known for is their love and their charity towards other people and so definitely just accept it and thank them so much for the generosity you'll come across a lot of different holidays in the Philippines they um are predominantly Catholic country so there's a lot of Catholic traditions that they follow you'll see a lot of saints everywhere um obviously it's a missionary you won't be able to participate in things like that um but it's just neat you'll be educated on that um you'll see some things probably that you wouldn't expect like we would see parades all the time of just a ton of people walking with like candles and i'm like what is what is today what's so special about today and it's some like Catholic holiday or something and uh let's see Christmas oh my goodness Christmas is huge so Christmas don't even plan on buying food um that whole week because they just feed you you walk around on Christmas even Christmas day even New Year's Eve and New Year's Day and we'll get to that later but it's just so much food and it's it's just so funny because like they're such small little people and they're so skinny that you wouldn't expect them to like um just be so obsessed with food but it's everything to them and so on Christmas i remember we would hop around our present told us to just go and kind of meet members meet new people you know try to use the food aspect as a way to get into people's houses and get to know them help them feel comfortable with missionaries and so i just felt like i ate so much that day i probably gained like 12 pounds in one day we would go house to house and because they're so generous they're like oh sisters we save the best or oh come eat this come eat that and it was so fun because you're just going around meeting new people that you've never met before and yet they're inviting you into their houses and they're like come eat with us oh how's your Christmas and we'd offer to share a message after and they loved it they absolutely loved it um except for sometimes they'd be drunk and then you kind of really share a message because they're just partying uh for New Year's Eve and New Year's you're not gonna get any sleep um especially if you're in the city like i was because there are fireworks everywhere it's so fun um i remember so the the bedtime is 10 30 but we didn't get to sleep probably to like two or three in the morning and even then you could still hear like fireworks in the background and um that's just another experience a tradition that they have and they'll go and do fireworks until a point like where they're like getting hurt like we we saw this one guy he like did fireworks and it shot into this person's house and then the next thing we know like five minutes later there's an ambulance coming and they haul people out and we're like oh my gosh and that was just right across the street from us so you'll get fun experiences like that too okay so it's a little different than other missions because you're sweating all the times humid um i know as sisters we like to look our tip top best all the time um and it's good to try and look good obviously but i wouldn't worry too much about full on makeup um just something simple because it will end up melting off your face by the end of the day you'll sweat it off pretty much um your hair is gonna be crazy no matter what they have something called rebonding in the Philippines it chemically strains your hair because it just like turns into a frisball um just put your hair up you'll rather have it up to keep you cooler um close-wise so this is where i've heard a lot of contradicting opinions before my mission a lot of different sisters tell me like over this or this it really is up to you i've heard cotton is good because it's more breathable but also when you sweat it just stays it doesn't dry off of cotton until you take it off and so i didn't like that personally there were some days i preferred to wear cotton but it's hard because you just feel wet all the time um another one i liked a lot of sheer things so i'm trying to think i don't know how to explain sheer just you know sheer material and the problem of that is it's see-through so um if you could find something i went to the sister missionary mall and i got stuff that um weren't as see-through which was really nice um but sheer material is nice because the sweat just rolls right off and so it's not staying on you the only problem is that does feel a little bit tighter and so sometimes you might feel a little bit hotter wearing that uh skirts be careful of your skirts i had moments on my mission where i got like really light skirts because i was like oh okay it's gonna be hot so lighter skirts are good uh no they're not because there are what are called storms or baguos at the philippines and the wind will just come and lift your skirt up that happened to me a couple times and that was pretty uncomfortable i had to throw those skirts away um let's see yeah you want probably about calf length skirts anything higher than that i know it can be to the knee but you have to take in consideration that you're gonna be writing on jeep knees and tricycles and so when you do that and you're climbing in the jeep knees and stuff if you bend over it it like goes up higher and you can see stuff so i i was always most comfortable with calf length um skirts and then as for shoes when you're prosoliting depending on what mission you go to even in the city i prefer to wear rubber shoes so anything from like good ballet shoes from crocs that those were my favorite because they're breathable um you don't some sisters were stockings or like socks i don't like that just because it's really really hot in your feet smell awful by the end of the day um but rubber shoes are really good um you need to bring other shoes that are good for um like conferences because you'll have general authorities like apostles coming and speaking to you so i had a pair of nice like leather shoes and those are actually nice sometimes during the rainy season because your feet do get kind of cold when they get wet so a good place for that would be next to the missionary mall i got my shoes there and there's a shoe store i think to the left of it and those lasted me my entire mission even when dogs came and ate them up um they were really useful um let's see one of their tips bring a lot of mosquito repellent sisters tend to get eaten a lot more than elders do i don't know why that is but yeah your mosquitoes will definitely attack you and i think that's it