 music Good evening. It's around 4.30 p.m. Tuesday, 24 January. I'm just going to go over here and take a look, see. Brother Jay's started on cutting the grass in the front. I told him to go, it's going to have him working on some things. Why don't I have to procure any materials for now to things settle down here and a few things come to fruition here. That we're working on liquidating, the liquidation of assets anyway. Kids out here playing, there's Jason Kim with Lynn. There's Sister Zell, the good boy sorry I'm going to walk in and go in because there's still poo right here. We've still got some goats coming in and out. As long as I stay away from the trees, I'm happy. I'm okay with him here. There's just goat poo everywhere. So I'm just going to go over here and get a quick visual look. He's been working on it for a little bit here. He's doing some other things this morning. Talking about some other projects coming up, small projects, home improvement type stuff. So anyway, there's a lot of ants beds out here. Old rice field, that's all right. I'll just stay out of the house. So there's Brother Jay. Got him working here up to the property line. There's him two goats, there's the two culprits. They're over here now. There's Jay chopping down all that stuff over there all the way up to the property line. You can see the sandbags over there. That's the corner of it in the wall in the sandbags corner. Jay's taking down all this and we're going to throw it in here later and burn it all. Do a controlled burn. Kind of like we did here. We've got to move that tire. I'm going to have the kids move the tire. They were playing with it. It's in the way when I try to get out. So anyway, we're going to burn this later. Once you cut all that stuff down, I'm not worried about this too much. I just wanted them to cut all the big heavy stuff and burn blue stuff so I can get a clear line of the property line over here. So he's got another 15-20 minutes of work and then he'll come out in the morning and start again hopefully finish it up. That's about it folks. I just want to see the property line over there because I'm going to be running that boundary line sooner. Later I can get a good look and see where it's at on this side. There's Sis Giselle, washing clothes. Jay's seeing and Lady Jazz is up there. Brother Jay's seeing and he's working on cleaning the outside toilet. As you can see, I don't know if you can in this video. We did put up the solar lights brother Jay. Drill the hose, we put the solar lights up and see how it looks tonight. Again, it's not meant to illuminate the porch. Just more of an avianc kind of thing. And what I've got to do soon is get the porch light. We see that orange wire hanging down. That's with the lunchroom. Get a porch light up there. So we have some outside light at night in case we want to sit out here and lighten the evening. Or something. And eventually I want to get some solar lights up here. Motion sensor kind of stuff. Motion detection lights, what do you want to call them? So I can just say the electricity turned lights off. We got our first electricity bill here on this property. We moved in on the 18th. It goes, excuse me, the 22nd of December. It goes from the 18th to the 18th. So less four days. And it was over 12,000 pesos. And that also includes the electricity running to the Kubo right now. So it'll over 12,000 something. 12,247 pesos to be exact. And I still have a 3000 something, a peso balance at the old place. I'm going to pay the beginning of the paperwork. But because we got the power shut off there anyway. So if they stop the electricity, I mean we're not going to keep it on just an empty house. But anyway, hopefully we're getting an update in a couple days on one of the people who want to go through and purchase the house. So we'll see. But you can see. And there's one of that corner back there. And there's one over there. And I got three running on the other side of the house. But we'll see. Make my way back up. It's a little cooler. I waited till the end of the day. It's a little cooler. 30 minutes ago, it was not cool. The sun was out and it was cooking. So I stayed in the house. Stuff. I don't want to come out and get sticky all the time. Brother JC, wash my truck. I appreciate that. He's a good man. Oh, yeah. Hold on. We'll pause this until the kids about the tire. They'd go put the tire out of the road and put it in the grass. Okay, I'm back up here on the ground just to close this out. Do a quick 180 panoramic. Now I want to tell EJ and Sabrina, man, they put it in the ditch. I didn't want it in the ditch. Anyway, the black tire that was there in the road, I had heard EJ was playing with it yesterday. So I told her, I need J to go move it and put it in the grass. They put it in the canal. And before that, brother J's done for the day looks like. And before that, she had the keys for the tricycle running with the round the neck. And I told her to put that back in the cubo. Because you know, kids running around here in the land. The keys going to come off or something. And then we're stuck. Alright, that's it folks. Thank you much for the sun's coming out. And now, so I'm going in. Thank you much. Okay guys, we're here at the septic tank. We're hopefully rectifying the slow flush and gurgling sound from the toilets. When I say slow flush, I mean extremely slow as in this morning, it's actually hung in there for a long time, like 15 minutes before it drained. So anyway, brother J came out here dug up the pipe. There's the tea pipe we had for the other possible CR over here. We were going to use this, but he suggested over here. We came directly out of the pipe. So we basically cut that, put in a tea pipe with the going up. And then we had a reducer there to go in from a four inch pipe to a three inch pipe. And then we ran the pipe as you can see up over elbowed here elbowed. And we took it all the way back to a little bit more. All the way to the top. And there we got it vented with a cap on it with holes in it, screened some prevent stuff from critters from going inside. They don't have white pipe around here where we're at. So we get with the orange and whatever color we paint the house, we're going to paint the pipe the same color. So that won't stick out as so much here. Originally I had wanted to ask him to put it over here. And he suggested to put it over here so he couldn't see up in the front. That's okay, good idea. So now we're going to try to flush it. And hopefully that'll rectify the issue. If not, I got to scratch my head and figure out what else could be doing it. But anyway, it was given the symptoms of a poorly ventilated or no ventilated. And with the research I've been doing on it. So we've only been here maybe a little over a month. And this has been going on for like two and a half. What, maybe two and a half, three weeks? This little griggin and so we'll see. There's still remains to be issues. And when I'll do is I'll come over here and probably over here somewhere. I'll put another air vent here. Small one. Come up with a little screen thing on it, poking out. You know, and then because we're going to put some stuff around there so I don't ever run over it with a lawn mower once I've been eventually covered up with something. Same thing with the pipe. I'll be sticking up so you can see it. And go from there. So we're going to go up and try to flush it here and see if that rectifies the problem. It should. I mean, we're getting there to it now. I was told that they did it in the side of the walls. And maybe through the ceiling to the vent, up here there's a little slits up there. But to me, that's not a ventilation thing. I just not want to amuse to. They got one over there, one over there. And I'm not sure if they got it over there or not. But anyway, all three toilets drain to this main drain here. We're going to save the tea, like I said, for future use for possible CR over here. Anyway, I just want to close this up since I mentioned it the other day and brother judgment the day on it here. So hopefully this will fix the issue. I'll let you know if it doesn't let you know if it does. Alright guys, thanks. This lady jazzed with a tubby. Big bit. Used to be a little bit. Sky, baby sky. Skyler, LaRoc. He's not feeling well. He and I got the sniffles for three or four or five days now. And then kind of got it at the same time. I think mama gave it to me. And then I gave it to him. I don't know. Yeah, you know, it's always somebody else, you know. But anyway, she's looking beautiful in she. Yes, she is. And see if I had some money, you know, I could afford to buy her some pants for that. You know, the whole. Yeah, well, I'm really a little else here. So anyway, all right, we'll let you guys go and go from there. I got to get upstairs and think about getting a video out for tonight. All right, thanks folks. Ciao, bye.