 What's up guys this is Smith, okay today we're reacting to this video Kendo vs Eskreema Oh finally the day has come this is interesting fighting isn't it? Kendo Japanese the most famous you know um sort of fight versus um Eskreema as you might know the most popular feeling of martial art really really interesting fighting is gonna be really fun interesting fighting it's hard for me to expect which is gonna win is you never know but thinking of the you know attacking space kendo is much wider than Eskreema why oh Eskreema is much faster so I think what once you know uh Eskreema guy getting into the space kendo's uh guys space avoiding any attacks Eskreema guy is wing but otherwise kendo's guy wing so how is gonna be let's get into it if you enjoy the content give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing if you hear so let's get into it by the way shinai means that you know uh the name of uh sword in kendo oh look at this the movement is totally different oh what happens I can't see oh this is interesting bye I think it's screaming guy got the first hit but it's not finished yet wow this is tough fighting it's killed Oh, this time Kendo guys got the point. As I said earlier, attacking space for Kendo is much wider than his Kramer. So if a Kramer guy cannot avoid the Kendo's guys attack, Kendo's guy gets point. That's like what I expected. Yeah, but this is really interesting fighting. Okay, now let's see the another fighting. Totuma. Going to see some of him moves to save the main farm. I think you guys already realized that it's creamer. You can do defense and offense at the same time. So once you protect the Candles guys attack by one hand, you can get the point with your other hand. That's one of the downsides of Candles. Oh, but look at this. I think this time Candles guy got the point because it's sore. It's much longer than it's creamer's one. The attacking space is so wide. So there couldn't be no chance to attack for a screamer guy. So this is one of the downsides of a screamer, I guess. Yeah, like this. He's a screamer guy tired. The movement's got slower. Oh, that's cool. That's cool attack. Look at this move. Candles guys move so fast, isn't it? The speedness of Candles attack is as fast as screamer 8 is one, I guess. And there is a hood block in a screamer, but as for Candle, there isn't any hood block. So in this way, you cannot expect when the attack is coming. This is a strong point of Candle, I guess. Yeah, like this. There is no hood block in Candle. Suddenly attack is coming. Oh, a screamer's got tired already. Amazing fighting. I think you can't judge which is wing by only this video, but I think there are upside and downsides in a screamer and Candle. In middle distance fighting, Candle performs much better. That's what I think. But while you're in a screamer, in short distance, this screamer performs much better. Because you can make protection and attack at the same time. But both attacking, position, footwork, movement, the way of protection are totally different. So it's comparable, it's hard to compare which is wing or you're just stronger or not. Both of which are beautiful and cool. Okay, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. I hope you like it. If you do, make sure to like, subscribe, so my doll.