 I just don't understand that it could be that much talent. This is crazy. Oh man, look at him. Ha ha! Well, they're enjoying it, definitely. So much talent, wow. Wow. Hello everybody and welcome to the content Junkie. I'm looking at another like friends challenge karaoke pass the mic challenge in the Philippines. I'm really kicking it off of the Philippines today. And we're gonna jump straight in. Let me know what you think and here we go. That's what friends are for. I'm expecting all the good things. Here we go. Oh. It's got a delicate voice. Nice. Oh, there are a lot of fun. It sounds like Finligen. God... Oh. Woah. Let me see the goal. That's what fans have for. Oh he's got a real jack through his voice this guy. That's nice. Oh, so different timbers. Oh, so different timbers. Oh, it's nice little breaks there. That's great. Okay, we've done a full circle and we're happy for the video. There's still a couple minutes left. I mean, I think this is one of all the ones I've watched at the ease. I think this is the most broad spectrum of talent. Everyone seems to be on a very high level. Other ones I've watched as it's been up some dines with different people. But this is great. And a couple of the guys in there, they've got real depth to their voice, real movement within the timbre and the tone that they're doing is crazy. I just want to go to the Philippines. I'm going to be honest. I'll go there whenever I have a chance. And I'm just going to walk around and try and find karaoke. That's going to be my plan. So let's finish this off. I'm going to watch this at the end. Here we go. It's mine. It's shining. Oh, you can go. I'm so much talent. Be all together. That's crazy. I'm going to be all alone. I'm going to be alone. Can we do this? Don't do anything for me. What are we doing now? I want boys who're going to a song to dream of. Please listen to if you want to know, because of the radiance, that's going to turn out to be spring. So the reason I'm going to very long is that I'm going to celebrate. Now if you want to know a song... You've played the most important song ever before this song is put here. And we've always wanted to make more than son. This song is called like another year. All of yourandoned dreams that come together! I like his voice, I really like his voice. I like his voice, I really like his voice. Thank you so much! It's at the end of the song. The plethora of talent in one place is just crazy. You can see Poppy here, I think I think you can see her. I've been sat there the whole time. Amazing, I really like that guy's voice. I've mentioned twice now, he's got this depth to his voice, which is just really interesting. Sometimes when some people sing, you feel a little bit more connected to the singer because they have that thing that resonates with your body and how you take the sign, and those tones how it fits to your own aura. Am I getting a little bit too philosophical here? I don't know, I did too much, it could be too much. But yeah, I'm hunting for these. I've actually got a lot less work on, which I'm really happy with. I'm not full time on the YouTube, but I'm double the amount of time I was before. So I intend to be posting at least two videos a day. That's my attempt. I've got shorts coming out right now, and it's two a day shorts. Right there for the next three weeks, that's done. And they're just ready to post. And now I'm making the stuff for this. So yeah, there's going to be a lot more content. And guys, I appreciate every comment. I appreciate every like. I appreciate every subscriber because it's really helping me build something here. We're at 36,000. And I'm going to go over to Big Push and try to get the 50,000. That's what I'm trying. So I don't often ask this. If you've made it to this point, hit the subscribe button for me. And also check out any one of these two videos of Meet and VD. If you don't know VD, you can go and look at her here. And she's quite funny. So yeah, I'll catch you later. I've been Scott. Bye-bye.