 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Pes and this is the commodity and today we're reacting to Philippine Geography Slash Philippine's provinces You guys or I guess we asked for a video. Yeah about the different provinces and you guys gave it to us So this was recommended in our comments section I believe and I'm excited to learn more about the different provinces and I assume this isn't gonna be enough I mean the videos six and a half minutes long. Yeah, so odds are it's not gonna have all the information that That it's trying to convey and unless they talk as fast as you actually know that's true But that's still like a 15 minute video for some and right 20 plus minute video for others. So I Say we got it hopped into this and see what it's got. Yeah We are the 81 provinces. Okay, so this is completely different than what I thought it was. Yes, this is a song So you know how you can ask my kid Any state he'll tell you the capital right This is the channel that actually taught him this I didn't look at it. He up. He put up all the videos and stuff He he this is typically one of his jobs for the channel is to pick the videos in the comments every now and then Shoot him in text like dude. We gotta check this out do we gotta check this out and When right when this started kicking off I was like I know this. This is kids learning tube.com I try not to watch the videos at all before we react so it'll be a true reaction and I don't watch them at all like He's like this is what we're gonna do and I'm like okay sounds great Yeah, and I think that's the best kind and I just love doing this I know it's probably gonna get copyrighted which is fine, but It's just funny that we're actually reacting to a video for kids learning too Let's check it out Okay, hold on I want to do one thing so I want to know what the difference is between a province and a state difference between Pro I'm gonna have to I Want to rewatch this a few times actually get some knowledge out of it because I okay, you're like this is gonna be quick Definition of province in state province is defined as a unit of country that is created with administrative point of view I don't know what that means as state is also Defined as a smaller territory that adds up to make a federation such as us. Okay, so the province Is a unit of a country that is created with administrative point of view does that make sense to you? I don't know what that means. I don't either let us know down in the comments That doesn't make sense like the when they say state because obviously we have we understand that because we have states So it's just smaller territories which would be like Texas Mississippi Tennessee and then they all build up to make a federation or we call it a union Such as the United States so This is great. They're They've got literally everything they do counties as well. Really states. Yeah Oh That's not harder remember so it's botan and ballon god. Yeah, that would be an easy one So there's a bataine and a bentengus yeah in a bataine city You agree Table belly button I know sounds and I'm not trying to be Same for states and stuff like that. It's kind of like what are they they're like let's call it melee now melee baylay done Let's call it Texas Not like pay house have you ever thought about like Like objects like a tree Like who came up with the word tree like what? Why tree to be fair most things in America or Science in general have Root name root names right that come from like late Latin Greek right all these different languages But at the same time, it's like can you just like come up with something like a spoon? We're gonna use the word spoon. They would do it a the first part is Greek for To drink like what are we gonna call this we're gonna call this a Spin spoon It's so down Like a good beat Definitely makes you kick you My I'm serious. That's a big name. I'm so dyno. I'm a It's fun You know this is a perfect like type of song for a child. Yeah, that's why that's just so repetitive It's the same exact like it's like baby shark a hundred percent and I like the same exact tone Like this is how you're supposed to like they always say like this is the best way to memorize things and to learn is to put it in music And they've done that so perfectly yeah now to be fair and Let's not watch it like 20 times on the camera. Remember thing and I really am not learning anything about The geography because I don't know what any of these so in the comments down below after you watch this video leave us another video on on The province actually I would like to learn about the individual problem. Yeah, send us some individual province videos Like the linga like where you're from and stuff My name my capital San Fernando You My bad for you. And to be fair they put in a lot of effort in this video. All of their videos, they animate the characters or the provinces in this situation. They point out the capitals and keep it in that location. Then they add different colors and then they put the flags on them. That's impressive. So I'm guessing every province has its own flag. Let me know. Because they all have different flags. Or at least like a logo is what it looks like. Do them again. I'm so smart that I've ever ran to my capital Tuesday. I'm the web asia, my capital's polyensity. I'm the map of the sky, a capital of may I'm long as pretty. I'm oxygenant to me door room, man bureaus my capital. Oxidental seems like a commonly used word in a lot of these provinces. That's like the fifth one. Is Oxidental does that mean anything? I assume so. I hope so at this point. Or is it just the name? Let's get going too. Is that the second one? Second. San Fernando? Yeah. Oh, hey, sir. Because another one had San Fernando. Yeah. In my head. Ooh, I'd hate to learn how to spell that. It's a kid. My capital. My capital's catalog on. I am sourcing my capital is sourcing that's it. Some good about is my name. My capital's Corona, not I'm solving my teeth. But since my capital, I am solving Corona. I'm so not my capital. So low is my name. Hold on, it's my capital. I'm so low, I'm holla. Capital's surrecapcity. I'm surrecapital, sir. Time that's my capital you see. I am turning like my capital's to like city. The future is my name. My capital, my gate was pretty. I am Samo's. Eva is my capital. I'm Samo Walker, the door. I'd love to be in the room with the guy singing this. I would too. Just to watch him. Like, I just. I want to see it. He's like a lot of auto to me. Because he's like yelling almost. Take time to walk like capital. I'm Samo Walker, no sir. Capital's my guy, yeah. I'm Samo, I'm just a boogie. And pulls my capital man. I'm the capital of the Philippines. I'm a central man. Where's that at? It's really nice to meet you. Oh, okay. It's like getting rough hard at the north there. Yeah. Here's our provincial names. And our capital's on the scene. Thanks for watching kids. So, so if you have children and they have to learn. They're like areas and stuff like that because I think. When so my son did this for fun because he's just a nerd. He's like me. But whenever I get because you do eventually have to learn all 50 states. And you have to learn the capitals of all 50 states and all that kind of stuff. So it's going to be really easy for him to do it. So if you have kids and you don't want them really what like I thought I was thinking you know my kids going to want to watch YouTube and the garbage you know found on YouTube. But he has found literally he loves this channel and several other ones. And it's all about education stuff. Let them in fact he learned colors like we had a hard time teaching him colors. Like he could he learned the counting with us. He learned the alphabet with us and all that kind of stuff. But when it came to colors like he could not figure out red, purple, green, all those for some reason. And we found videos on YouTube that would repeat. And he loved them so he watched them over and over again. And eventually we were like what colors this? Blue. What colors this? Red. And I was like it's perfect. So let's find these. They're not as bad and it's a good way to get them to kind of settle down and stuff. This channel is phenomenal for teaching that stuff because kids have that repetition in them. And I guarantee if you look up views on this because this bit of channels got like a million subscribers on it. Yeah. Yeah, a million subscribers. But if you go to this I guarantee you it's all about repetition. I bet you got billions of they're almost at a billion. And 38 million views. Yeah. So it's a great channel. I am subscribed on my personal channel for my kids. If you have kids subscribe trust me you'll love it. Yeah. Like I said this video was recommended. It's definitely not what we thought it was going to be. But now I know. So I know a few things. Yeah. So down in the comments below if you have specific provinces that you guys would like us to learn about. Throw them down in the comments. We'd love to react to them. I'm excited to learn more about the Philippines. And if you can dumb down what a province is for us because apparently the definition is too smart for us. Yeah. We're too idiot to realize that they're like they can't figure that out. That's so obvious. But it just doesn't make sense to me. Let us know down in the comments. We'd absolutely love to read that. So with that being said, my name is Miles. And my name is Feds. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out.