 All of this is a metal machine. Good afternoon guys, welcome back to another video. I think you've already seen yesterday's video I've asked talking about us being on the TV and it looks as if the typhoon was passed which is very good news. We're getting so many messages on our phone over the last few days emergency alerts coming from Indoro to Batangasca Vitae and heading up. I think it was in the middle of the world. It looks as if it's passed hopefully and hopefully no one has been too badly affected by it. But we've decided, Molly wins today. I'm not getting to watch the basketball we're going to go and check out the gymnastics. I don't know anything about gymnastics, so this will be a first for me. Yes, this is all I needed to see. The only thing is it's indoors today. But someone, please be yourself that you've got your own way. Oh, are we going to get gymnastics? Yeah, well it looks that way rather than basketball. Basketball is so late, we'll just get caught in traffic. Yeah, and also like we don't want to get back late either. So I think the gymnastics is meant to be really good. Yeah. I'd like to go into it. I think that Carlos Ulo is on the stairs well. He's really like the really famous gymnast. I think he is because I checked the schedule obviously the SEA game website has so many so I was looking through. And I believe it's the final on the... The vault? The vault and then at 430 is the beam. I don't know what any of these, they mean nothing to me. No, I know. You should know better than me. I don't know the vault, I know the beam. I think everyone would know the beam. You must know the beam. It's like a beam. That balancing beam. Yeah, so much. But I think it'll be really exciting because it's not time to have ever gone and watched before. Obviously I've watched tenets on TV before, so I think that going to watching gym gymnastics would be good. We're almost ready to leave. I've just got to finish getting ready. But we do need to change over to the phone because we're not going to be able to take the camera in. There you go. Not exactly better, but it is a great way to start. If you are looking to start vlogging then do just pick up the phone. It's actually much easier than picking up a camera. Phones have really good quality nowadays. You can hold it with both hands and it makes it look like the GoPro footage. But yeah, phones are really good and if you do want to start vlogging, definitely pick up a phone. Just start chatting away. But now I need to get ready and get going. It looks like for the first time. I'm going to do a video. It looks like for the first time ever. We might actually be on time. Leave my sunglasses today. The sun is out. That's how I've fallen. It's definitely gone. It is fake watches out. I think it's about three o'clock. So we've got about an hour. Probably should be there in the next 20 to 25 minutes. This is good because obviously we don't have tickets. We need to make sure we can get in. Get some good seats. The good thing about doing gymnastics and not the basketball receiving as well is that we're going to do it. The basketball receiving as well is obviously the basketball with only the one match later on. I think you can stay in there all day from four o'clock with a gymnastics. It doesn't end till late tonight. I don't know how much we'll watch. As long as the Philippines win, we're happy and then we can leave. Thank you. And we have made it. We are back at the Rizal Memorial Stadium. All my hands in the camera. I'll film properly. We've got a fun to call us here. We've got heads somewhere different. It looks really busy today. There's lots of like flag sellers and things like that. Really really busy. I'm hoping that we can get in and get a ticket. So we just made it here in really good time actually. It's much busier than yesterday. So I'm a little bit worried but it should be fine. I think it's easier. This is actually the policy and it is massive. It looks really busy. It looks really busy. It looks really busy. So fingers crossed these two games guys. We've made it. We actually said no entry, no ticket. We said to them the turtay said it is now free to start the event. Happy days. Of course they let us straight in. We're now getting our seat. It's really busy over this side. We've come over to empty bit. So we can get a really good view. We sit here. Incredible view that all warming up now. I think it starts at 4. It starts at 3.30. It's so excited. They're just starting to warm up now. And oh my god, some of the girls costumes are so pretty. Matt Rainer Britisha here. But they are pink. They are sparkling. I love it. It's about the start of warm up. I was like, I didn't know that. I was the biggest fan of gymnastics. From the warm up, it looks ridiculous. Seriously, the strength of the boat now legs are respected a lot more now. But it's really, really busy. I think the idea of making the tickets free has definitely worked. There's something families here. There's something friends here. Everyone cheering on the Philippines. And twenties, I'll finally fall. Who wants a Filipino? … They're out all of the first and then which is the boat and they are heading to the boat and yeah One is Carlos, yo yo, yo, yolo and he's got a weight, I think he's already got two gold already as a gold and he's like the golden boy of the Philippines so I'm expecting big things and the national anthem again, well he got good spot Yeah, it always does he do spot, but I like it It's nice, so I'm pretty sure I have it as well But it is about to start Fingers crossed one and a two for the penis, I sort of won Carlos Loon Yolo Yolo, yolo, I'm not saying it I'm probably saying it, I'm a test, I'm proud to say it but I want him to win I'm probably a favoritism, so he's going to be like the golden boy The crowd absolutely loved Yola, one that's on and he's Yolo, Yolo, it's just jammed I think by his reaction I think it will fit me in first place I've done two jumps each, I don't know, scores a pound for now, I'm not sure if he's in first place or not Yeah, he's first, just the right team, he's on 14.7, everyone else got like 13 I don't have a clue with the rules, but he's well-swept, I think he's like four more silver jumps Way to the last guy came up from He's a little easier and he's won the gold, but you know something really well with his got silver I'm not sure if he's in first place or not Yeah, he's a little easier and he's won the gold, but he's got silver jumps I think he's nervous, he went first, I'm so sorry for that But he got gold from a laser one, he was actually really good to be fair, so I can't really complain And we actually got the silver with Yola and I think I'm also, but I think the medal ceremony is about to be any minute now So come watch him collect his silver medal I don't mind but you can be your seat I'm so happy After all that I lost his gold for again, I'm on the parallel bars And blessed he's having to go again, I think he's in the number one off and it's as well, great thing And we are back, what an experience, three more medals for the medal machine that is Carlos Yolo, how good was that? He's too good, honestly Literally, the way that he moves, I'm no expert in gymnast, but I haven't got a clue So the first time I've ever watched it, but it was impressive Compared to all the others, he was so on it, he was focused and he was amazing and obviously when he came in the whole crowd went crazy The arena was so impressive, it was so full, I love the fact that it was free for a lot of people there, not many people had to buy a ticket which was incredible The president's done so well there And the fact that he won three silver when he was facing people that specialised in just one event, he does, I was covering your face then He actually specialises in all the events Which meant him even better Incredible, he's now won five silver and two gold, so I'm pretty sure he's going to have won more medals than everyone at the whole event So we got to watch that, which was really lucky So proud, so proud to be there to watch that And the Fabianos must feel so proud as well So good, but we're back, I want to have some dinner, I'm really really tired I don't know why, I think I'm coming down with Molly's gold Oh, I think so And we've got boxing tomorrow, so we've got to start fresh tomorrow, so we're going to wrap this one up a little bit early Because I want to edit this, because I don't know, we might get it up, what do you guys think? If we post the videos as soon as it happens, so they might go up at like eight, nine o'clock, maybe ten o'clock at night Let us know what you think, because we want them to be on the day of the event, don't we, right? Yeah, as it happens, as soon as it happens, we want to post it, let us know what you think Yeah, boxing tomorrow, yeah, incredible, if you're enjoying these selfie stays in blocks, there's a lot more to come So, yeah, subscribe, drop us a like And keep on dabbling