 What is up ladies and gentlemen it's flying Kale over here and here we have Amy and Minim! Hello! So in the last vlog which was such a long time ago Amy and I did an epic Filipino snack hole and in this video we're going to eat that snack hole all of it and we're going to see what we think of it oh and we are in my family house right now so we're home in the Netherlands, Harlem for a little chill time before we head back to the Philippines anyway without further adieu let's eat those snacks! Cheese rings! Cheese! K! Ray! Cheese rings! Milk candy! We've all never had any of these snacks before by the way this is all new for all of us I wonder if these snacks have ever been in Europe or the Netherlands before they're taking a little holiday with us right now dried mango that is a true Filipino classic all the way from Sabu. Mick Mick sweetened to milk powder sweet corn! There was other net nips and last but not least. Do not do it! Do not do it! Do not do it! So in the last video people told me that I treated the chocolate a little bit rough and I have to be very careful with it because it's very fragile you got to treat it with care. So let's hope it's still in one piece people to all my Filipino friends out there watching this I apologize a lot of Filipino candy will be her in the making of this video so here we go oh oh oh wait no Filipino taste test is complete without getting super drunk on lambanoac so we got that too oh yeah we got the glasses ready my mom's always prepared she's a bit of an alcoholic so oh oh my hubai! Mabuhai! She almost got it right we're ready wow look at how much Filipino snacks we got what shall we start with? The savory one from the savory up to the sweet plates. No sweet. Just like the second. Yeah we're doing a Filipino style. We don't eat snacks out of plates we tear open the bags and we snack it out of the bags I even I know how they open the bags there's a special Filipino way of doing it. Golden sweet corn okay so what they do in the Philippines when they got a little party going on and everybody's eating snacks is they open it like this and then let me tear it wow that's clever right that's how they do it right oh that smells very interesting all right let's see if we can do this in style first sweet corn ever yeah I've never tasted anything like this before that tastes very corny smells really corny like how? Oh thank you! Wow it's almost as if you're just going to the local farmers market and eating a completely fresh corn. Oh I really like that. To me it's as a European it's a bit of a weird flavor I'm not very used to this and in terms of like chips yeah it's sweet and it tastes like corn sweet corn and it tastes like sweet corn it's amazing all right let's try the next one. Cheese rings with a bad-ass little anime character I mean I want to be like him. Now I'm going to also try to open it like they do in the Philippines yeah I can't no that little word for me. Oh yeah oh yeah oops oh it's very cheesy I like cheese. Oh yeah now this smells like the kind of stuff I like. Mmm it's like hey what's happening over here? Oh well I want to be first this time wow incredible I thought the Dutch cheese was amazing but look at the color it's like bright orange. Wow it's quite good it's not super cheesy okay it's like very good. Oh it smells very cheesy let's try it out. Sweet I didn't expect that expected it to be savory because it's cheesy you know I'm actually really surprised I thought like the sweet corn and the cheese rings would both be kind of savory but they're sweet something I have noticed is that in the Philippines they really like sweet snacks although I have had a bunch of really good savory snacks and chips as well like we've had the tortilla the tortilla chips are so good. I really like them yeah I do like these more than the sweet corn though. I like this one more yeah yeah I like this one more. It's like really like you know airy. Oh yeah well I like the shape of this one it's really even airier because it has a hole in the middle and air blows right through it. These savory things that actually turned out to be sweet have been tried so now we will move on to the sweet things that will probably actually be sweet. I've got nips. Nips let's try it out. They look like M&M. M&M's. Orange. The Dutch color. That are a bit like M&M's. Blue because I'm a slough. Oh they've got a sugar coated peanut inside. Oh really? Which is very nice do you taste it? They're a bit softer than M&M's. Yeah they're softer than M&M's. Shall we go to taste it? Ha ha ha. Howl howl milk candy. Let's try. Yay. It ain't a party until the mow mow milk candy drops on the table. I love the packaging. It's like kind of like 80s. Yeah. Like really awesome colors like the cartoon. It reminds me of like the 1960s American candy. Ooh. I can't open it. Ooh it's a square block. Yum. Whoa. Mmm. Howl howl milk candy. Mmm. Smells like milk. That's a good sign. Wow. It's like literally milk powder. I really like that. My mom doesn't like it very much. I can't say I'm a huge fan. I really like the howl howl milk. I actually really do. I think up till now is my favorite thing. Mmm. Yeah. Oh, that's good. Well then you're lucky everything is for food. This is a mango. It's all yours. Yay. Next. Three remaining. The dried mangoes. Mick mick milk powder and chocolate. This one looks awesome. Considering we just had milk powder candy, we should just wait a little bit with this one. So I'm going to choose the chocolate. First of all, look at how awesome the packaging is. Super retro design. Mmm. It smells a little bit like a no-gun. Let's try this out. So for everybody that was watching the previous vlog and was worried that the chocolate might have been hurt. Look at that. It's still one piece people. Don't worry. It's my new favorite. This is so good. This is like actually by far my favorite. Chocolate people, so good. Wow. That is really amazing. It's soft. It's yummy. It melts in your mouth. Mmm. It's my turn. It's my turn. It's my turn. Wow. The packaging is epic. Everybody knows I love chocolate. Ah. Mmm. That's really good. That's my favorite. Mmm. Home film. No question. Man. The chocolate fillets. Why have you guys been keeping chocolate from us? The whole world needs to know about chocolate. It's amazing. We're going to export that stuff. Start a little business on the side of the YouTube channel. Chocolate nut. Export business. Where's the chocolate nut? Seriously, where's the chocolate nut? Where's the chocolate nut? Alright, she has the chocolate nut. Still here people. Still here. Calm down everybody. Calm down. We still got the chocolate nut. Look, there's so many in the packet. Oh man. Some for ya wall. Duh. Some for me. Надо quejar Nicole a **? fake. of course. S perpendal. Shade. Oooh! Zhade. Oh my gosh. No! It's Nickmick time. Sweetened to milk powder. I'm excited. I feel like I've like traveled back in time and I'm just like a 70s kid eating like candy your day. Straw for you? Straw for you? Are you sure you're not meant to like mix this in water or something and drink it with the straw? I think you just put the straw in here and you just suck it up right? Again such a cool packaging. Really really like it. Really reminds me of the 1960s, 70s like American style packaging. Don't choke. Oh that's not bad. Just taking it as powder. It's really nice and sweet and powdery. Well done. It tastes like powder because it's milk powder. Glass. Milk powder. Water. I really think you might just have to take it as powder. I think so. So we got milk powder water right here. Mick mick milk powder water. No you're supposed to eat it as powder. So no honey go honey go and make the egg. I could eat mine. Oh it's nice. It's really fine. It's fine. It's like it's straight up. Oh I like this. Mmmmm. It reminds me of those tablets, the energy of the grape sugar. Dextro. And there we have it ladies and gentlemen. The very last Filipino snack. A true classic. The dried mango. There we go. Everybody recommend we eat this one. I think there's not a single person in the Philippines that does not love dried mango. If there is, show yourself in the comments. But I do not believe there is. Oh that smells so good. Mango is one of my favorite fruits. So there is no possible way that I won't like this. Yes lovely. And I mean, oh that looks good. Mmmmm. They're sugar coated. Oh that tastes very good. Love it. I'll have two. Oh the texture is amazing. It still tastes fresh. Wow. Oh yeah. Filipino mango. Some of the best mangoes I've ever had were in Palawan. Mmm. That's really good. I mean we're basically being healthy right now because we're eating fruit. But at the same time, it's candy. And it's such sweet delicious goodness. It's a food-ride mango. Delicious so good. Okay. I'm going to have two more. Sweet delicious goodness. It's a food-ride mango. Delicious so good. Okay. So for the very final thing, we're going to pour some lambanok. My mom has never had lambanok before. Amy has tried it. I think once before? Yes. What? I am a true lambanok veteran. I drink it like every single day in Philippines. I drink my choice of hydration. So as we drink our lambanok, we're going to rank our Filipino candies. Favorite to least favorite. What's the name of this? It's Kels. It's Kels. It's Kels. It's Kels. It's Kels. It's Kels. It's Kels. It's Kels. It's Kels. I don't dare to drink this. 45%. Oh my goodness. Well, to be honest, I'm not a liquor drinker. I don't like strong alcoholic drinks. Because they're bitter many times. Well, too strong for me. But this one is not giving me that horrible taste. As it goes down, it warms up. So this in our winter, this would be great. Yeah. And it is coconut. So it's healthy as well. We're basically drinking coconut water. Oh, yeah. I'm back in the Philippines right now, people. I'm on a beautiful Boracay beach, being offered lambanook by friendly local party goers. Mmm. I like that. It's really good lambanook. Oh, that's strong. The guy how strong it was. As we have been making our way through the lambanook, as you can see, I'm doing a good job over here. We just ranked our favorite Filipino snack to the least favorite of the ones we tried today. So we tried a total of seven. And these are the rankings. Check it out. On number one, for Amy and Cal, we have the Chokknot. And for Mom, we got the dried mango. On number two, for Amy and Cal, we have the dried mango. And for Mom, we have the nips. On number three, for everybody, we have the Mick Mick milk powder. On number four, we have for Amy and Mom, the sweet corn. And for Cal, the whole whole milk powder. On number five, we have for Amy and Cal, the nips. And for Mom, we got the Chokknot. How's that possible? It's so good. On number six, we have for everybody, the cheese rings. And on number seven, for Amy and Mom, we have the whole, whole milk powder. And for Cal, we have the sweet corn. Well, what do you think, guys? Who had the best ranking? Personally, I think I did. I just have good taste. Cool. I'm so proud of our ranking right now. All right, people, we did it. We tried it. We imported Filipino snacks personally. Fluid all the way from Anela to Harlem in the Netherlands. I'm very sad to say this will be the last episode that Amy will be in for a while. But she will be joining us again in a few weeks. All right, ladies and gentlemen, you enjoyed this episode. If you did, don't forget to like the video. Subscribe to my channel, hit the bell, and then my lovely people. I shall see you guys in the next episode. Peace out. Take it easy.