 tS milk noon wa Alle veis Tomorrow let's just walk up I mean we walk up to 4 a.m. Then we're 220 bastride and the end of in Manila because sorry my voice is still a little bit I still have a little bit of cold but I will push through it. So actually in a few days we are flying to the southern area of the Philippines with Fanny but we decided to come to Manila for a few nights first so she can tour all sides of Manila as well. Right now the mission is to get to the heart of Manila to the city of Manila but we got off the bus in a very unfamiliar place for us so we are just trying to find like an LRT station Pedro, you are puttasno Thank you for the food Fanny is first time riding the LRT and her cart failed the first time Manila to get the new one but luck Welcome to the best donut shop We need some energy and figure out where exactly we will be going today Thank you Actually service We are here in the city of Manila guys going to do a little tour but we need energy first and lately we have been really into donuts we are the donut team tried a lot of local donuts but brought Fanny to our favorite place We arrived to Rizal Park you guys and we found a strange camping It's a DJ, there's more this store I was trying to do early Something like this Rizh Pantri Rizh Pantri, yeah it has an interesting shape So we actually have a few days here in Manila and we are going to tour Fanny more in the older side of Manila in the modern sign of Manila every side of Manila every side of Manila but we decided to start with the center of Manila but we are having a side trip to China so suddenly Welcome to China This is the Rizal Park it's not just the main area with Oedah this place around the fountain but there's also multiple smaller areas like this Chinese garden it's so beautiful here on the plant So beautiful and cute This is a tap This is a tap at this point because we are loyal fans How's the weather in Manila? That's all We wanted to sit at Rizal Monument but there's some kind of parade parade or even going on in the whole area is blocked and we are not allowed to enter so maybe next time. Now we decided to take the walk that we did once and we regret it so we decided to do it again now with fun we are going to walk to intramuras from Rizal Park. The details in this park are so cute so many cute little things Meanwhile I am telling funny all history I know about Philippines about Lapula and Hosser Rizal and since we are going to intramuras some history about that also. Yes you are our tour guide. I am the tour guide for you guys today. I was just telling funny about Hosser Rizal who is the national hero of the Philippines and there is a similar figure in Hungarian history. What writers who were a big part of the local revolution over there is where he was killed and that's the monument for him. That's what we wanted to show funny but it's not allowed to enter now so just see it and imagine that that's where Hosser Rizal was. We made fun even. I am a tour guide and Jonathan is providing the accessories so we are making her look like a proper tourist with a big backpack, a hat, a neckband. I am going to wear a mask. Oh no. A mask. It's a very traditional and a lot of massage to show you. We are going to go in. We are going to intramuras. How is the weather in intramuras? Very hot. Very hot. I am going to go to the beach. I am going to the beach. We are trying to find the Kassamanila Museum because even us never been inside of there. So we want to take the rest of the boat and explore. I am going to go to the beach. Yeah, actually. I look so big. That's so cute. This is the first time we came to intramuras we never saw this small little like aali base which is even more on European styles than the rest of intramuras like this. If you just look at this street then I could even believe that we are back at home in Hungary. You look, there is a tricycle, a bamboo tricycle. We are going to the beach. Look at our mespisa. Our mespisa. Coming out of Kassamanila. Oh, there is an outside dhurti kitchen. It seems even back then there were a dhurti kitchen on the terrace. And a well. It was beautiful you guys. I have always wanted to go inside of Kassamanila. We have been to intramuras so many times. I have been bothering me a lot that every time we meet that place it's so beautiful. It's so cool to see how life used to be inside of those big beautiful Spanish air houses. It's my new favorite spot within intramuras for sure. This is the Manila Cathedral. Oh, it's so beautiful. This church. What's even better? The Manila Cathedral is that the nice ice cream is just across the road. This is one of my favorite ice cream. Our suki. Suki every time we are in intramuras. But ice cream in intramuras. Ice cream. Not like cheese. I think very sweet. Sweet cheese ice cream. It's one of the local flavors. The total of local ice cream shops has cheese which is not a thing walking on. If you don't have like cheese flavor ice cream, it's one of the unique. Local flavors and also mango and avocado. It's so good. I'm going to wash freedom. Best mango is best. We escaped to finally request another max visit. Oh yeah. It was the first impression of Manila. It's a very beautiful place. It's a very beautiful place. The cathedral is really beautiful. I love it. It's very diverse. It's just too old for a few hours. And it's been a busy street. And then the beautiful Riza park. And then the Spanish era, European style. In intramuras, just in a few hours, it's a lot of different city skates of Manila. I'm from Michina. That was supposed to be fire under the correct car. But it didn't work out. So now it's no fire. But it looks very good. Funny request that her favorite is linked to fogam. But we also ordered curry curry because that's one of the very local traditional meals that she's never tried before. Fondimits. Which one? This is the one from Banana Heart. Puso Naksegi. I love this. First meeting of curry curry. I love this. Just with a fork. I like spinach. So curry curry, we knew it will be a win. But maybe this is funny stuff. Favorite in one table. Sintling tofu, Sissig and curry. Very good first curry curry. It's a very good one. And I have the bago on. Fondimits sing out with the bago on. And since she's vegetarian, we are more like pescatarian. So it's like shrimp or seafood. This bago on curry makes it so, so good. It's a very good one. First banana heart. This is a very good one. I love banana. I love this. I love this. It's very good. Your eating baby banana. This is the view of Manila. This is a working funny. A working fun. We are out in Manila, you guys. This is how it's been now. Fun is working remotely. This is why she can stay long in the Philippines. Because she's working late afternoon evening. But since we are in Manila, finally for a full day, we never sleep in Manila. Yes. We are exploring the area and doing things that we never have the chance to do when we are just here for a day. We are at the University of the Philippines. Never seen this pool in real life. Wow. This is huge. What is this? I will go. Oh look at this sign. Wow. It's a very good one. I have a collection like this. I have a set for you. I have one of those. I have one of those. It was awesome. I've never been to Amu. You see, at least as big as this. Yes. That was so cool, you guys. We always wanted to check one of the National Museums out in Manila, which was the National Museum of Natural History. And it's not really a lot of luggage inside. It was a lot of take video. That's why I thought it was a lot of luggage. But it's not a lot of luggage. But we always wanted to check it out. Because it's a cool part of Manila. But we are always just rushing through this area. So I'm happy that we finally got to see it. We even saw long. Yeah, long. That was the cool part. So it couldn't really narrate in the museum since it's not allowed. But the long is a crocodile that was found in the Philippines and got a worldwide famous because of its size. And then they captured it because it was really dangerous. But it died in captivity later on. And it was his skin displayed in the museum. He's the star of the museum. Everyone was stopping. Pay a tribute. Yes, that's the leopard. Yes. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion. I'm going to take a picture of the lion.