 Hello everyone, today's construction day 192. Happy Monday. We'll be and I were real busy yesterday on Sunday. You can see we got our couch delivered so we're happy about that. So actually, we have a place to sit and watch TV in the main room. So things are definitely moving along nicely. We're really starting to settle in and enjoy the home. So as you move in any home, it doesn't matter if it's a bought home or rental home. You know you have to go out and buy a lot of housewares and stock up food and things like that. So that's what we did yesterday. Did a big shopping, right? That was a big one. Yeah. We got well stocked up so we're happy about that. We also cleaned up the yard, walked around, picked up a lot of trash and did just little knick knack things throughout the day to keep us busy. The guys here are hit hard. They're working on the cement around the pool and the steps leading from the patio area around the pool up to the 2 meter overhang. They're working on those steps and putting all that rebar in and tying it all together. So they're busy and you'll see that on today's update. But today I have some notes. So I want to talk to you about a project that Wilma and I are getting involved in. And I think I told you guys that once the house is built, Wilma and I want to give back to the community. We chose Dowling to live and we want to be involved in what's going on and Dowling wherever we can. So you guys know Justin Carmack, the critter hunter. He has two channels out there and he is organizing a beach and reef cleanup for April 1st. He reached out to me yesterday and said, hey, would you get involved? And I said absolutely, it sounds like a great project. So here's some of the agencies that's going to be in attendance that day. So the Department of Environment and Natural Resource, the Coast Guard, the Marine Conservation Department, the Eagles Club, the Dow and School District and local business owners. There's all going to be there to help with this very large beach cleanup. So he asked me to say if you know anybody in the area. So there's a lot of you viewers that live in the Duma Gettie area, the greater Duma Gettie area. So any watch our channel. So if you're interested in joining with us, Wilma and I and Justin and all those agencies and all local people from Dowling to get involved in a beach cleanup as well as a reef cleanup, they will have, if you're a certified diver, we could work with Justin so we could actually go and dive and clean up some of the trash that's under water as well as on the beach itself. I think it's a real great project. You know Justin, he's very involved. He's the one that organized that Christmas party, Feed of Village that Wilma and I were very happy about. That was fun. That was probably one of the highlights of the seven or eight months that we've been here in the greater Duma Gettie area. It was just a great day. So when he reached out to us yesterday, we said, we're in. I told him right away, no problem. We'll be there. I'll do my best to video it so you guys can see it. But what a great project to clean up the Dowling area. As Justin said, he wants to down in beach to be the cleanest in the Philippines. That's a tall order. That's our goal, right? That's the goal. So Justin, thank you for inviting us. But again, any viewers that are in the greater Duma Gettie area who would like to get involved or want more information, you can reach out to Justin or send me a comment and I'll do everything I can to get you some information. And I think it'll be a great time for all of us to get together and also do some good for the environment. So let's get to today's updates. All right. Just a quick inside update. So here's our couch. We got delivered yesterday. We got it from Mandawi Fome. Really nice. For climbers on each end. You got your little area here for your drinks and storage of your remotes and things like that. So very, very nice. But the highlight of my day is take a look at these sunglasses. These are oak leaves. Or should I say oaky? 50 pesos. So I buy them by the dozen because I break them all the time. So I wanted Wilma to show them off. So when I bought them, I said, are they oak leaves? Oh, yes, sir. They're oak leaves. Well, if you look at it close, it says oaky. So the one thing that we wanted to show you, and I'll probably do a video tonight at night time. But I think I mentioned what our security system, TP-Link, TAPO, TAPO, TAPO. You guys could look it up. It's a Zon Lazada shop. I'm not sure if it's on Amazon, but a TP-Link TAPO. Very good system. Very easy to use. Very easy to hook up. Well, they also have LED's. And I just happen to have the red on. But I have LED set up. And it really looks amazing. You can do white. I mean, there's a million different colors. And then there's a lot of different choices. You can have candlelight flickering. There's a Valentine's scheme, Christmas. You name it. There's probably 50 different settings that you can set the lights on, and then a whole bunch of different colors. But this is really nice. It glows at night. So it's something you guys should consider. It's so easy to hook up. It just goes into 220 outlet, which I used the 220 outlet in there in the cabinet. So you don't even see the plug at all. And then it has the actual right there, the controller. That's a two-sided tape. So really, really nice. And at night, it looks really good. So I'll get that on video at some point. Another hot and beautiful day. Take a look at the sun above. It's like laser beams on you. But the guys today are working on the steps. This has been sitting now 48 hours. And we made the decision that we're going to go ahead and epoxy this. I did some research. And you guys all know that even though this looks good, and this will eventually turn white. But after cures, and it's about 28 days to cure properly. This concrete's porous. So we're going to go ahead and make the decision. Like I said, I did some research. And if you put down after 28 days, a good epoxy, and put it on properly, it really does seal the concrete. So we're going to go ahead and do that. But today, they're working on the steps here. And the steps are going to go from beam to beam. So let me us swing around and jump down. And I've been saying forever it's going to be one step. It's going to be two steps. Just because of the thickness of the concrete brought it up to the point where one step would just be too big. It'd be like a 12 inch step. So they're going to go ahead and build in two steps. So you got some concrete. They're doing some hollow block. They're laying in some 12 millimeter rebar, tying it together. And then they're going to create the two steps. They want to get that done before they pour this. So they're going to work on this first. And then the steps itself is going to be from the main beam of the main room all the way to the other beam, which is the beam to the master. So across this whole glass area, there'll be two steps leading down to the patio area. So that's what they're working on today. Most of the crew is one guy out today. And they're going to be trying to get the steps poured today. Gabai is working on the final sanding. So he used a Palm Sandor this morning and smoothed this all out. And now he's doing the corners with some just sandpaper or self sheets of sandpaper. And he's going through getting it all smoothed out. And that'll be soon to be ready for paint. All right. So very exciting. Our neighbors, two lots down. So this is one lot and then the next lot. I mentioned on the channel that Elia and Olga from Russia is building a home. Up here in the subdivision. So it looks like they're getting ready to start. I'm not going to get too close because I have to ask permission. Next time I see them, if I could video from afar their progress. But they do have a small excavator right up there. Looks like they're moving some rocks around. And then the team here is building a little shanty hut. So I guess that's where the guys will be staying. Or their supplies will be stored, not sure. I haven't seen Olga or Elia up here yet. I don't even know if they're in the country to be honest with you. I haven't seen them for several months. And I knew they were heading back to Russia. But they said they were going to start in early 2023. And here we go. So excited to have neighbors. Again, it's two lots down, one, two lots down. And they're going to build a home very similar to ours. It is a modern style home, two story with a swimming pool. So it's going to be beautiful. They did show me their 2D rendering from their architect last year when they were up on site. And it's going to be gorgeous. So like I said, I'll just video from afar until I get a chance to talk to them and ask if permission to walk up on their property and give you guys some updates on this build, which would be quite interesting. It's going to be a beautiful home. All right, so like I mentioned on a couple videos ago, and you probably see it good here. You can see my truck parked here in the roadway. See how it really turns and goes up. It's still pretty steep. There's a lot of dirt in here. So I went ahead and told you're now. Just go down a few more inches. I told him four, six inches, just to another skim. Because this is all real good topsoil. And there's some big rocks in here. He tried to get this one out and this one out. They're just too big. And then this one looks even bigger. So I said, you know what? Don't even go there. Just leave them there. Leave them exposed. It's not going to affect us because we'll be coming down this way and going that way. And I got to get all the sand. This sand came from us. I got to get him to get all the sand out of here. We'll get it back up to the property. But he's bringing that topsoil up. And you can see what he's doing now as he's starting to layer it in up here around the stones leading up. Because the three meter wide driveway is going to be about as wide as you see here. But there's going to be grass here. And it's only maybe a meter and a half here. But it gets pretty wide as it goes up. It gets wider and wider. So that's all going to be grass at some point. So I told them I said, take some of that beautiful topsoil and put a nice coating here. Again, we're trying to do some landscaping during a construction phase because we really want to be done. We don't want to just do the construction and then have three months of landscaping. We're trying to do as much as we can. And that's why we're so lucky to have Jernau. Because he's been keeping up with these guys as much as possible. So he's bringing up some of the nice dirt. We're going to fill in. I don't know, maybe four inches coming down. And then that will be another job done. And then we'll switch over here. And start working some landscaping on this side as well. So here, the original plan was to have the one step going from the carport area up to the two meter overhang for the step to be here, a 12 inch step going out into the carport. That was the original plan. But I asked for that to be changed. Because again, this is where my truck's going to come in. So even though this is quite wide, I still wanted not to lose that 12 inches of step. So I said, can you build a step into the two meter overhang? So now it'll be flush, thus giving me 12 additional inches here in case I come in incorrectly and hit the step. So I asked for that to be done. They said, no problem. So they're working that now. So you can see how thick that concrete is, very nice. And then you're just starting to work on the step today. And then this area here, again, you can see how thick the concrete is. Once they layer in all the base material, when they pour this, this is where it's starting to pitch down. So as you know, this is flat, all of them are 3CM pitch going towards the wall. Other than that, it's relatively straight. But here is where it's going to start angling down. So when they pour this, they're going to be cutting every six inches grooves with their saw. They said they really want to put some real heavy grooves in this area, because this is going to be a little bit of a ramp. And then the driveway will start and off it goes. Now the foreman, Rudy, he told me he goes, how do you want the grooves done in your driveway? And I said, well, give me my options. And I've usually seen where he used a broom and just broom it. But he said there's, he was explaining it to me. He's going to make, let's call it a jig, out of wood. And it has like wooden spikes. He said he doesn't want to use a broom, because it doesn't go deep enough. So he said, sir, I know exactly what to do. It's going to be great. Let me do it. And I said, Rudy, you got it. Go for it. So he's going to create some kind of a wooden broom with spikes. And then he'll rake across horizontally going all the way down the driveway to make it as, you know, slip, anti-slip as possible. So looking forward to that. All right, so we're taking you guys along. We're going down our road heading to Darwin. And we're going to order some more rock. So take a look at a beautiful scenery as we're heading down. Right down here on the right-hand side, you get a nice ocean view. Look at all the beautiful trees. And you can see the ocean there. There's a few nice houses right down that area. You see the mountain. So the road here is in really good shape. And that's one of the things that attracted us to this area. You see the calendar road. But what attracted us to that land, obviously, is the views and the immediate area. But we really like the fact that the concrete road here is in really good shape. So all the way down the mountain, the road is just like this. So it really makes it for an easy commute. And there's just so many beautiful trees and scenery to see that we don't mind the drive down. It takes us 10 minutes to get from our house right to downtown Darwin. So that's nothing. The road is a little windy and turning, as you can see. But it's in real good condition. So we're here. So the store that we usually go to, the hardware store, is called Lucky. And it's in Darwin. Darwin is one kilometer that way. Look at the blue sky. It's really been getting some really nice weather. But this is just a typical local Filipino hardware store. So you can see the building. And inside you can see a bunch of cement. And here's a typical delivery truck they call it a chariot. This is the same type of vehicle I delivered at our granite. But somebody ordered some supplies. Also rebar and some cocoa lumber. And that's a hat type for roofing. But just take a look. Lucky right here in Darwin making a delivery. This is where we order our stone. And if you go inside there, in behind where the lady is, they have basically everything you need is in these little stores. It's just a little native Filipino store. This is typically where you order your supplies. So we've been going back to them now quite often. They're a little more expensive to be honest, not much. But what's nice about it is they deliver quickly. So we're going to order four cubices of stone right now. And I bet you it delivers by tomorrow, probably tomorrow by lunch. So we'll see how that plays out. So I said that from time to time, we're going to show you certain things about the local area. So I'm here at the Darwin Cockpit and Sport Center. Just look at the size of this complex. Now for those of you who don't know, this is where they have the cock fights. And look how high that fence is. That looks like a baseball or a football stadium. But this is where on Sundays, and it's different days and different municipalities. Darwin happens to be on Sunday. And this will be lined with scooters. Both sides of the road, there'll be trucks and cars all aligned here. There'll be hundreds of people here for the cock fights, rooster fights, where they bet on their rooster or someone else's rooster. And they fight to the death. And they actually put needles. I thought it was razors, but it's not. It's like a steel barb that goes out from their legs, and they tie it onto their feet. And you guys can Google it. Now I would never go to anything like this, pretty gruesome. But it's very, very popular here. And as we drive around this whole island, when you see hundreds of vehicles, it's always a cockpit. And the guys bet. And the one downtown that's next to the mall, I can hear them. As we get out of the vehicle, the walk into the mall, you can hear all the guys cheering on. I mean, it's loud. It's like being at a football stadium as they're cheering on their favorite rooster. So just something that's very native to the area, rooster fighting. All right. So downtown Dowlands right there. And remember when I did the video of the egg coffee at local restaurant Dowlands right there, right across the street? So guess what I found? Banana queue. So this is Maryland's store. We just met Maryland, and there is Wilma. We're doing the taste test. You know how much I love Banana queue. So I'm going to give the camera to Wilma, and we're going to do a quick taste of the Banana queue in Dowland. All right. Here is the moment of truth. You guys know how much I love Banana queue. So Neil, we're going to find out in a second how Maryland's Banana queue is. How is that? Wow. Very good. Maryland's Banana queue is equally as good as Neil's. So I'll hold on a minute. Let me get another taste. So you find your new place to go for Banana queue? Taste like a Banana Jonah. Excellent. So now I got to start coming down here a few days a week and visit in Maryland's store to get this gorgeous Banana queue. So very, very good. So this is her store. See a lot of Banana. Very good. Maryland. That's where the cook can have fun. So her husband, cooking the Banana. Cooking the Banana queue. Cooking it on wood. Wood, yeah. We're back here at the shop. So this is where they cook it. And it's wood. It's good. Yeah. One bit.