 Hapi Newman Diary stressed your own new world and thanks so much for always stopping by my channel. In today's video, we are going to take a look at the real-life mothers of some popular Filipino actresses. Kindly don't forget to click on the subscribe button and hit the notification bell to get notified anytime I drop new videos. Thank you. The first of my list is Spanish Filipino actress, Maria Rivera. Maria's mother is Amelia Rivera, a Filipino from Kewite. Filipino actress Katrin Benado and her mom's name is Luz Viminda Benado. Filipino actress Mahasal Vado and her mom's name is Talma Andres. Next is Filipino actress Hart Envajelista and her mom's name is Cecilia Ang Pao Koo. Next is Filipino actress Nadine Lustro and her mom's name is Mariko Pagiel Lustro. Next is British Filipino actress Bea Lonsu and her mother's name is Mary Annie Runolo. Next is Filipino actress Maxine Magalona and her mother's name is Pia Arroyo Magalona. Next we are Filipino American actress Liza Sobriano and her mother's name is Jacqueline Elizabeth Hanley, who is an American. Next is Filipino actress Janela Salvador and her mother's name is Janine Dicidero, who is also an actress. Next is Filipino actress Julia Barreto and her mom is Marjoray Barreto, who is an actress and politician. Next is Filipino Moroccan actress Ivana Alari and her mother's name is Fatima Mabela. Next is Filipino actress Barbie Imperial and her mother's name is Bing Imperial. Next is Filipino actress Bel Mariano and her mother's name is Katrina Mariano. Next is Filipino actress Mei Mendoza and her mother is Mary Ann Mendoza, who is an accountant in own various gasoline stations in Bulacan. Next is Filipino actress Jane Dilion and her mother's name is Mariko Benitez Dilion. Next is Filipino actress Francine Diaz and her mother's name is Medixian Diaz. Next is Filipino actress Mei Mei and Trata and her mother's name is Lana and Trata, who is based in Japan. Next is Filipino actress and beauty queen Rufa Gichiris and her mother is Annabelle Rama, who is an actress and talent manager. Next is Filipino actress Kylie Padilla and her mother's name is Liza Sikancu. Next is Filipino actress Jane Githieris and her mother's name is Lothloth Dilion, who is also an actress. Next is Filipino actress Jesse Mendula and her mother's name is Dili Degavida. The final one is Filipino actress Andrea Brilantes and her mother's name is Mabel Goristiza. Hope you enjoyed this video, we'll see you with a mom, did you like the most? Thank you so much for watching, kindly don't forget to like, comment, share and subscribe, stay safe to meet an understand one. I love you and is bye for now.