 Alright y'all welcome back to Common Arms Channel. Now in today's video we're checking out the Philippine Scout Rangers. Now I've been getting this recommendation a bunch, mainly after my video about the Philippine Special Forces. So I'm very interested to check this out because you guys seem pretty passionate about this specific unit. Now there's a bunch of videos out there but I found a documentary that I figured we could check out and it seems like it. It shows a pretty good pipeline of their training and everything. So I definitely wanted to check this out. I know a lot of y'all definitely wanted me to check it out. So I don't really know anything about the Scout Rangers. I've heard about them a little bit and I think I've might have seen some videos about them previously but I didn't really know it was the Scout Rangers. Now they have a pretty badass name so I'm hoping they live up to that name and that reputation that you guys seem to be telling me about. Yeah I don't know a whole lot about it so I'm pretty much going into this documentary blind. I guess that's the best way to do it because we're going to get some raw reactions out of this I guess. But yeah it's a pretty good video so far. It seems like it's showcasing their training pretty well. So we'll just get into it because this documentary is pretty long so this is probably going to be a long video and that's totally fine with me because these guys seem badass and you guys definitely want me to check it out. So without further ado let's get into it. The Philippines Scout Rangers are a cut above the rest. A light quick reaction force trained to strike hard and fast, deep behind enemy lines. Okay. Okay. So this will lead crew. Soldiers must first endure six months of hell. Six months. To earn the coveted debat 10. It's a brutal selection course. Most will fail. I got to run. I got to go. They graduate. They must face a test of life. A life combat mission against insurgents where some will pay the ultimate sacrifice. What? That's crazy. See that's badass. I'm hyped now. Okay. The Philippines Scout Rangers are fearsome anti-grill fighters. We evaluate part targets. We analyze. We discuss who among them needs elimination. Their trained to operate in dense jungle terrain found across the Philippines archipelago. The Scout Rangers go behind deep enemy lines with just small teams, little or seven men. Traveling light and hitting hard. So I didn't know that any other military used the the Stair AUG. So it's cool to see that they're actually using the Stair. Again I thought only Australia utilized the AUG so it's cool to see what they're using. The camouflage looks interesting too. It's like the digital pattern. It's a lot darker than I would expect for this environment. I haven't seen so much of the Philippines so I guess we might see a little bit more if it's relatable to their actual environments. These guys seem pretty badass. I like how they're rocking the braze and everything. So far it seems like their training pipeline is brutal. Again, when you're called the Scout Rangers you can imagine you're probably going to be pretty badass. Because I imagine it's a little bit of a mixture of like the Army Rangers and just like general reconnaissance and just like long range reconnaissance. Because yeah they're going to be operating in the jungle. You need to have a lot of solid people to be operating in an environment that unforgiving. And to be able to strike fast they use helicopters to hit the battle zone. Specializing in raids, ambushes and sabotage. Here we go. The Philippines has long been plagued by domestic conflicts. One of which gave birth to this elite unit. The first culture and your regiment was formed in 1950 because the government is looking for a solution to counter the guerilla tactics of our communities and groups. The guild in unconventional jungle warfare. The unit was modeled after two legendary fighting groups. The intelligence gathering American Alamo Scouts and the combat ready US Army Rangers. 112 students. Okay I've never heard of the Alamo Scouts. Is that what they were saying? I've never actually heard of them. But you know everyone knows who the Army Rangers are so they don't really need any explanation. So I'm going to have to check out the other Scout Union after this. Yeah I have no idea I've never even heard of them before. So I wonder if they get like training from the Army Rangers or if they get training from any other US military units in general. Okay if you guys couldn't tell. It's it's raining outside again. Again it is monsoons season year so it's been raining pretty much nonstop. So you might be hearing that in the background so I apologize. But we'll continue on with the video. US Army Rangers. 112 students joined the first Scout Ranger class. Only 72 graduated. But to become a member of this elite group soldiers must first pass six months of advanced training. And it all starts here at Camp Tex-Off San Miguel, Bullicom in the Northern Philippines. I don't know anything about the Philippines honestly. Unfortunately these 206 volunteers are already trained soldiers from other Army regiments. Buying to become part of an even more elite military club. First they will be stripped of all their ranks. Here every man is equal. All aiming for one thing. The coveted tobacco of the Scout Ranger training school. Yes so it's pretty much the same in US Army Ranger school where you take off your rank and everything. So they try and get everyone equal. Basically your experience prior does not mean anything because they're trying to assess you as an individual and how you can work with the people around you. The red border signifies the blood sweat until shed by every Ranger during his course. The sword symbolizes our special unit capability and the words which strike symbolizes our capability to go anywhere, anywhere, anytime. Today is known as Reception Day and recruits are in for a grueling welcome. Next five hours these instructors will try and break as many as possible through continuous physical exercises. Yes sounds like Ranger school. It's not just the instructors who will be brutal. Today is a series of 32 degrees Celsius. Okay I have no idea what that is in Farron High because I'm very American and we don't use Celsius. Okay so that's 90 degrees Farron High which is it's not too bad but when there's a lot of humidity it gets to be really rough especially when you have all the camouflage on and you're carrying a bunch of equipment and you're doing stuff constantly your body doesn't really get a chance to cool down too much. Just 10 minutes in and the course has already claimed its first victim to the heat. Yeah The next challenge sees them hitting the ground. The unfit or unwilling have no place in the scout rangers. Please come, please come, please come. At age 32, recruit one is one of the oldest in the course. This is my ambition. It is very difficult and it's very hard to be trained as a ranger. That's why I don't know what's the training I'm going to survive. Yeah, 32 years old. I mean I went to Ranger school when I was like what 25 or 24 and it's very hard whenever you've been in the military and you have like pre-existing like just injuries from throughout your service. It's pretty hard but especially when you're in the military and you're like 32 years old. It just takes a while for your body to recover and just things will kick your ass a little bit more than you know some of the younger folks so you can imagine he's struggling a lot. That looks like fun. Just imagine the bugs. Oh, you got it. Making him a sugar cookie. Two hours to go. For those still in the game the pain is nearly over. Reception has nearly ended. But this last tradition is a hard one to stomach. Chili's. I like spicy stuff. Right now it's the final phase of our reception rights. So we were trying to let them eat the jelly pepper. That would make you so much hotter than the juice of it. So after this you're leaking that the back sign or insidium. And then the mousse or the black panther is our logo for the scot Rangers. Fine. I always wonder how these traditions sort of start but I mean I don't know if there's like a if it's well documented or anything but you always wonder especially when you're going through certain things and there's just like a weird tradition that sticks out. I always wonder like the origins of it and normally they would explain it but I'm not sure if they actually explained it to these recruits. Philippine scot Ranger recruits are seven weeks into their brutal training regime. 53 have already dropped out. Those who fail to graduate has one thing in common. They easily give up. The batter has been one yet. They already doubt themselves. Once you doubt yourself the affinity will let finish the course. The recruits will test their heads for heights today. They're going to learn to repel on this 45-foot tower. That's not bad. Unless you hate heights. Scout Rangers pride themselves in lightning infiltration and extraction, often from helicopters into dense jungles. Rangers specialize in jungle warfare that are built on mountains, gross rivers, using expedite methods or anything that's available within them. In the jungle, they need to be comfortable hanging at 100 feet in the air, well under fire. In a battle zone, quick execution of these skills could mean the difference between life and death. Recruits will have to complete four crucial forms of repelling. The seat hip repel, the lizard repel, the rundown repel and the heli repel. Okay, so I've done three of those but yeah, that lizard repel looks kind of, that lizard repel looks really cool. The heli repel, that last one is definitely the easiest because it's just, you're not touching the wall. For some reason, whenever I'm going down the wall, whenever I'm repelling, I'm using my feet. Like, it just, it never goes smoothly. No matter how many times I've done it, it's just like, when you first get into your L shape and then you get your first drop down, you basically just have to keep kicking off the wall. Because for me, if I try and walk down the wall, it never ends up well. And then I'll walk some great. Is that part? Okay. Recruits 1 and 155 are up first with the seat hip repel used for mountain evacuations. Recruit 155 is one of the youngest in the course. Hey, Jack, get on the seat. Get in from the board. Hey, Jack. For Recruit 197, the lizard repel used for clearing rooms with hostages is proving a challenge. This fully loaded M16 A1 rifle weighs over three kilograms. The old one, the big one, it's all over. I'll go back to the other side. It seems like he did pretty well. I'm not sure what he was saying. Next, there's conquer the slide for life, a 200 meter flying fox. Flying fox. Yeah, they have this exact same thing at US Army Ranger School. So I'm seeing a lot of similarities as far as stuff you would see. But again, these guys are in a much different environment. It's not for bending Georgia. These guys are in the Philippines or the weather. It's going to be not totally different, but definitely different enough for you to notice it, especially if you're not used to the actual weather. But yeah, this is a big one, especially if you're good with the heights with the repelling. You should be good with this, but even still, a lot of people are just aren't comfortable with it. It seems like fun. I never actually did this specifically. This specific one that they're doing right now. But it's a lot of fun, especially when you're like up high and you're doing these cool obstacles and everything. It's a lot of fun. Seven second expressway to safety or injury. Yeah, it's scary at first. So you're going to have like that death grip. I had a soldier whose last name was Curry now. He actually got run over by the National Guard by a Humvee. So I think I probably did a video about that by the time this goes out. But yeah, long story. But in the jungle, one mistake could mean death. Oh, no. An insect could mean death in the jungle. Next up is amphibious training. Summer cruts are weak swimmers. This face will aim to weed out those that can't make the grade. Recruits will be thrown into this 12 foot deep river, blind folded and in full combat gear, weighing 30 kilograms. The aim is to first disorient them. Then see if they can calmly recover and reach the surface. They drop in their stuff. I recruits terrified of water. This is their worst nightmare. Recruit 181 will confront one of his lifelong fears. I say 12 feet doesn't sound too deep until you have a bunch of stuff on you. You start sinking further and further and you're not hitting the bottom. But it looks like they're doing the similar thing that we would do in Ranger School and everything. Which is basically just taking off your gear, like just being calm enough to take your gear off and then get back to the surface. So let's see if that's actually what's happening here. So calm. Okay, yeah. Recruit 181 survives this first challenge. Is uniform? But up next isn't even tougher one. In small groups, Recruit must tread water for 30 minutes in this 5 by 5 meter square. Fresh water has intensity lower than salt water, making float it much more difficult. Yeah, I'm not buoyant at all. I'm like, I'm very much the opposite of buoyant. I sink like a rock. So, treading water is a huge struggle for me. I can't float on my back or anything and I can't do like the normal treading techniques. So my treading water is basically just me just swimming around in small circles. I've never done it for more than like 10 minutes, but 30 minutes is definitely much longer than anything you'd see with like normal like US Army and even the Marine Corps. Just traditional basic swim calls. It's a lot longer. For those waiting, the cold and cramping is causing problems they don't need. Oh man, I didn't know it's cold. That sucks. I wonder how cold it actually gets in the Philippines because I never even consider that it actually gets cold there. I guess it's just ignorant of me because again, I don't know too much about the Philippines. But recruits have more to worry about been staying afloat. So, an alligator or something? At the end of the 30 minutes, the instructors will jump in and attack the weak. I've got to start the first one. Two, three. Dang. Can you fight back? Okay. Oh, no. That's bad ass. If the recruits fail the first time, they're forced to redo this until the course director is satisfied. For the poor swimmers. Dude, I've never seen anything like that. That is so bad ass. Again, it's really instilling my confidence, but, geez, if you're a weak swimmer, then you just be terrified waiting for that 30 minutes to end. And also, you have these instructors jumping on top of you. This is hell. We have this drowning part for training for recruits, for them to get the care when they engage their enemies in the water. If someone is drowning, they don't get panic. And they know what to do. Five courses, like it's time to go. One, two, three, four, one. Time! Hey! Recruit 199 is in trouble. I'm here, you're trying to get away. The recruits survive amphibious training. Okay. That looks like fun. On constant standby to deploy against insurgent groups across the Philippines archipelago. June 7th, 2001. Muslim insurgents, the Abu Siaf, hold three civilian hostages deep in the jungle after kidnapping them from the Dulse Palmos resort in Palawan a year before. After stalking them for days, scout rangers track the grilla's footprints through the night. By the next day, the rangers creep within 30 meters of their targets. For the next two hours, they engage in intense firefight against 30 rebels. Two hours. And thick terrain. Four enemies are left dead and one hostage rescued. Oh man, that sucks. I can't say. I couldn't get the rest of the hostages. Dude, two hour firefight, that's crazy. I mean, again, you can do all the planning and everything that you are trying to do to be successful. But at the end of the day, things are going to go in different directions and you're just trying to react at that point. But two hours is definitely a long time. But dang, that's a pretty bad ask for them to be getting within 30 meters though. So yeah, it sucks for the hostages, especially when they're at a resort. I mean, at least we had people who were able to respond to it eventually. And ship is a key skill for a ranger. Today, these recruits need to prove they have it. Way more fun than drowning. Fundamental understanding of positioning, aiming, breathing, and correct trigger pressing will be put to the test in five separate skills. Zeroing. Endurance firing. Record firing and the sneaker course. But it is the final exam that is the most nerve-wracking of all. A confidence test that can kill. Recruits are required to shoot two bags full of colored water at a distance of 25 meters using this M16 A1 rifle with a 5.56 caliber round. So we've seen some crazy stuff with like Russians doing all this drills, like shooting past each other. But this is pretty reasonable. It is 25 meters. Again, you are going to be pretty nervous, especially if you see your buddy downrange. But I mean, it's definitely doable and it's not anything that's too crazy. So I mean, it's a pretty cool drill. I'm a ranger and a sniper too. Okay, I like it. First, they practice. Then their teammates hold the bags. At this range, a 5.56 round could kill. Hitting the thigh could rupture the femoral artery. One of the part is most important blood vessels. Rapid blood loss leading to death can occur in just five minutes. And the margin for error is slim. Quicker than that, you know. This is more than just marksmanship. It's a test of trust. It's judgment time. One target down. If he actually shoots him in the leg. Lucky for his friend, recruit 22 past and they both move one step closer to being a ranger. Nice. Awesome. Next, the recruits begin the hella-born training phase. The fun stuff. Scout rangers can deploy quickly into conflict areas by air, landing into hostile territory. A helicopter is a big target. These men need to get out as quickly and safely as possible to avoid the helicopter getting hit. Balian, I'm talking about the Tommalon, and then the secure landing zone. The secure landing zone is the personal during movement, loading and unloading of the personage. This takes here can cost lives, even in training. The training is very important. The scout ranger is not only the one who needs to be trained. First, recruits gear up for the quick deployment method. If the terrain is clear, the helicopter can fly fast and low while the troops disperse. That looks like so much fun. Of course, when you start getting further and further into the training, it's not going to be so much about smoking you because they're trying to actually teach you and then still stuff in you. But man, I would be psyched for this. This looks like a lot of fun. It's a risky 10-foot jump, and one mistake could result in broken bones. That's cool. Oh, that looks like it hurt. Next, they have an even tougher challenge. I gotta say, repelling from helicopters is not that hard. It's actually a lot of fun. The thing you need to get over with is walking backwards on the helicopter and backing out of the helicopter. That's the biggest thing that psyched me out originally, but it's a lot of fun. Recruits practice the skill at the tower earlier in training. But now, they take it to new heights. They need to complete nerve-wracking drops from 50, 70, and finally 80 feet above the ground, with nothing to stop them but their hands. So, 50 feet not too bad, 70 also not too bad, but when you start getting to 80, then you're like, geez, this is actually going to take a while to repel down. But setting up, like being the one who actually learned to set up the helicopter repelling rigs, especially for the Huey itself, it's very easy to set up the repelsus and for the Huey. So, these guys should be pretty confident, just because there's not a whole lot they can go wrong with repelling. As long as you're not slipping your brake handouts, then you should be fine. Just the thing you need to get over with is not gripping too much with your with your guide hand. Because if you grip with this hand while you're actually going down, you're going to start burning your hand a lot, especially when you get to 80 feet, when you get to like 40 feet, this hand's going to be smoking if you're really gripping hard, if you're really nervous. So, I might see that, people might start burning in their hands. So, you need to be careful. You need to be careful with your hands, and be careful with your hands. One step further, at 70 feet, the winds become harder to battle. The thing is, located near the mountainous areas, so tendencies for the wind to blow from all directions, making it harder for the pilots to control the aircraft. That's fine. Next, it's time for the big one. One mistake during this 80-foot drop could prove fatal. Yeah. Recruit 20 experiences trouble is unable to control his descent. Quickly, an instructor, it's the break. I did a very similar thing when I was repelling. Sometimes you just go down a lot quicker than you expect, and your break isn't as effective. It's kind of scary because you think you're just going to shatter your knees. But you do have people with the training aspect. You have people on the bottom to belay. So, if someone is falling, you're going too fast. You can make the rope like sort of wrap it around you almost, and it sort of breaks them. So, yeah, I guess that's what happened with the instructor and the student. Tomorrow, the recruits will face their toughest challenge yet. 153 recruits remain in the fight to become an elite scout ranger. Okay. Today is the beginning of Hell Week. A culmination of everything they've learned put to the test. For the next six days, there will be no rest for them. We push the students to the edge, testing their stamina, psychological toughness. As a day goes by, the test will get tougher. If they fail one part, the recruits will be recycled to the next class or returned to their mother unit. First up is land navigation. Land navigation is very important. As a scout ranger, a scout ranger should never get lost in the jungle. Very sure. If you get lost, you won't be able to accomplish your mission. You will jump or dash your team. The stakes. Yeah, again, land navigation is one of those things that no one really pays too much attention about when they talk about all the high speed people. But if you're like a recon element or especially like a ranger, where you're pretty much in the desert or the jungle doing your thing on your own, then yeah, you're going to need to be pretty proficient at land navigation because if you get lost, you're sort of a S.O.L. So be high in three months time when these recruits face real enemies. They must prove they can lead the way. Each recruit is given a unique navigation route, comprising of any five of these 24 targets. The chart contains a set of colors with different corresponding letters. They have to find their way point to point, but no one route is the same for any of these 153 recruits. They have four hours to complete the test and the course could see them covering over 12 kilometers. If a recruit returns late or does not complete his answer sheet correctly, he will fail. Recruit 8 has reached three of his five targets in under two hours. It's 170 degrees and the distance is 1,200 meters from here. It's my fourth target. Now onto his last destination. Oh yeah. It's a pretty good place to stay in the Mingutis. But the directions to this one are just straight forward. Yeah, without terrain, it could be pretty hard to find your point sometimes. Now normally, when you're doing land navigation, what you can do is go to something near your point whether it be like a big hill or the bend in a road, you can just use that to run over there super quick and then shoot a direction like a hundred meters away as opposed to being like a thousand meters away and just trying to go in a straight line the entire time. But with this sort of terrain, it probably makes it a lot harder. He is lost. And he's not the only one. Time is ticking down. If they don't give back in the next hour, they will fail and they're a long way from home. Recruit's are battling to become elite Philippine scout rangers. It's hell week. And they're in the middle of their navigation exam. Time is running out for Recruit 8 while some have already made it to the finish line. But the mistakes are numerous. I don't think I can do the basic things. I don't have a reference. I don't have a plan to do anything. One has run into bad luck. Recruit 205 claims he has been the victim of theft. A cow has eaten his test paper. I bet that's a first for the instructors. The instructors don't believe him. It's a nervous weight as they check out his story. They can't verify his story, but they will give him the benefit of the doubt. Recruit 205 has given another chance at the test. But failed this time and he will be out of the course. Back in the field, Recruit 8 gets some help. With just 50 minutes to go, his fifth and final station is done. Recruit 8 heads back to the training school to meet his comrades. Sometimes the points will have the degree on the point itself. So if you go to the wrong point, you can at least find out where you are on the map. So I don't know if this course had that, but when the points do have that, it is very helpful. Because you can just read Justin and shoot a new asmit or go to a new direction. Recruit 205 returns from his second consecutive test just in the nick of time. It's the moment of truth. But it's not good news. He's failed. As a recycled recruit, it is certain that his journey to be a scout ranger is over. At the end of the navigation day, 20 recruits have failed. African cow man. That cow ruined a crew. For a crew of 35, it's a cruel end of the road. It's a little bit scary. I'm not afraid of the training. I'm afraid of the training. I'm afraid of the cold. I'm afraid of the cold. I'm afraid of the cold. But the night is not over for those who remain. The recruits are not allowed to rest. They're kept up all night practicing martial arts. This is worse things to be doing, I guess. This is not designed to make them experts at fist fighting, but to wear them down. Seven AM. Another grueling day of testing begins. It's the water confidence exam. Recruits will complete the aptly named slide for life. But first, they need to successfully swim across this lake in uniform and combat boots, weighing down the butt. Recruits won 81, struggled with the earlier swimming tests. But this one is harder. The weaker swimmers panic. It's like a swimming pool. Yeah, especially when you have the uniform and the boots, dude, that makes a huge difference. If you're a weak swimmer and you've never like swam with the uniform and boots, then you're going to have a very bad time. Like with me, when I went to Marine Corps boot camp, I wasn't a huge swimmer. I was like, I was a very bad swimmer actually because I just never did it. But when I had my uniform on and I had the boots, I was struggling. I didn't get recycled or anything. I didn't fail. But you have to use certain techniques to help you out if you're a weak swimmer. Like for me, I did the backstroke. Sometimes you can do the sidestroke and that's a little bit better for the uniform. If you don't have the endurance to do like freestyle and everything. But yeah, you definitely have to tailor your swim technique differently whenever you have all that stuff on if you're a weak swimmer. It's Recruit 181's turn. Failed this and he will be off the course. I want to have a hard time. Despite teammates and instructors' support. It's not his day. Recruit 181 will be recycled with 16 others who have failed the swim. I'm not going to waste my time. I'm not going to waste my time because I'm going to have to do it. I'm not going to waste my time. But before I open the next class, I'll practice with my own. But as fellow failed comrades, don't take the news so well. Ladies, why don't you just go back? Go, go, go. This class is where we have to go. We have to go back. We don't have to go back. Next class and you're going to go to the next class. Yes, yes. This is where we have to go. Yes, yes. That would be rough. Day 4 of Hell Week. 116 recruits remain in the Philippine Scout Ranger training course. Okay. Over 40% of the class have dropped out or failed in the last two months. And with two more days of Hell Week, followed by a real operation against real insurgents, the road ahead is long. Dude, that's so, that's so blows my mind that they're actually going to do like actual operations. That's like super bad-ass to me. But yeah, it looks like they're going through like these obstacle courses, which, well, you know, they can be a whole lot of fun if you're, you know, you're not tired and you haven't been doing stuff for like 72 hours. But yeah, once you're doing a bunch of other stuff and then you do an obstacle course, like every little obstacle, even every little part of the obstacle is just going to feel super miserable. 4am recruits have to complete a 24 kilometer Rucksack march. They haven't slept in over 100 hours. Even worse, they will have to carry 35 kilograms of gear on their... So 35 kilos with, you know, 24 kilometers doesn't seem too bad, but again, you have to think with the weather, you know, possibly the environment, their boots might get wet, their socks might get wet. Once your socks are wet, then your feet are going to get torn up. And of course, they're going to be super like destroyed. At this point, they're like probably walking zombies because they're too tired and they probably can't pay too much attention to what's going on. They march as a team, but it's an individual assessment. 4am. For Recruit 8, it's as much a mental battle as physical pain. I feel better having like a reporter there on a camera. There's less than two hours left, but the strain of 35 kilograms is showing. It hurts. Oh man, 4 kilometers. The march comes to a halt. But these exhausted recruits don't know what's coming next. It has all been a ruse. For the most feared test yet, escape innovation is about to start. Oh, jeez. It's an exercise where students get a chance to feel what it's like being caught by the enemy. Recruits will be held captive and treated. And they're going to be able to get the chance to get the chance to get the chance to feel what it's like being caught by the enemy. Recruit's will be held captive and treated. Recruits will be held captive and treated as prisoners of war. That's bad. It's a reality that could happen in just three months when they go into real battle. Sure. So in the Marine Corps, they'd play like small mental games with hiking. You know, you would go maybe 20 kilometers, but when you hit 20 kilometers, when you get to that finishing point, you start going a little bit further. And just that small thing starts messing with people. But this is a completely different level. And again, you can imagine they're super tired at this point. They're super disoriented and all of a sudden they're going to be like a prisoner. So, man, it's crazy how they do like different levels. You know, you have like no sleep. You know, you're hungry, you're tired, and not all of a sudden you're a prisoner. Right. Robbed of their vision, their binds their position to maximize pain. Yeah, it looks like it. We don't do this to traumatize our recruits. We do this to remind them never get caught by the enemy. Because the enemy will show no mercy on them. And eventually they'll be killed. Scout Ranger recruits have endured nine weeks of physical hell. But nothing could have prepared them for this. Escape and evasion. For the next 17 hours, recruits will be subjected to various forms of torture. The aim is to make them fear capture. I experience a big land, a cagulet, we don't have to be afraid of anything. We have to be afraid of the enemy. It's like the enemy is afraid of the enemy. It's like they're trying to kill us. It's a matter of luck. It's like a war. But it's like a war. It's like a war. It's like a war. But it's like a war. It's like a war. We don't have to be afraid of the enemy. We don't have to be afraid of the enemy. For recruits, it's a brutal lesson in survival. I think your loyalty to your country is really being tested. You will realize, you will give information to the enemy once you experience pain. It's been 12 hours since the recruits were captured. What happens during this time is top secret. Yeah. Not fun, I can just imagine that. It was really one of the worst experiences, if not the worst experience of my life. Recruits have been through four months of punishing training, but it's not over yet. Recruits 2 and 3 are long time friends. They've had the rare experience of going through all their military training together. The pressure here is very heavy. We come from different units, so from the start, we found it very hard to adjust. Your patience has been tested until you explode. Until you can carry yourself in the morning. As classmates, we really do our best in order to help each other to maintain our strength and to dress with different police. It's always awesome to have a buddy to go through all this crap with you. But the crappy thing is if the buddy drops or gets injured or whatever it is, then that would be huge. That would destroy you mentally. You need to have some sort of separation, but again, it is like a huge pick me up when you have someone who's going through all this with you. For the months to come, I think that my dependency on him will continue. I rely on him very much. If ever he will not be around, it would really affect me personally. Tonight, these two will lead the final platoon run, a test of teamwork and stamina. Next time they carry these 18 kilogram packs, it will be for their final test mission, a real battle. But some have additional burdens, like this MG-60 machine gun. They have just two and a half hours to complete a 17-kilometer circuit in the dark. The reason why the squadron is being attacked is that they are not going to be able to enter the military vehicle in areas. So they are going to be able to double-time. Splendid to four platoon, it's just not fun. We have to do that. As a team assessment, they must lead no one behind. If they do, every member of the platoon might fail the course. So, they will be able to do it. They will not be able to do it. They draw grass to see which platoon will go first. And they're off. 60 minutes into the run. So far, so good. 60 minutes. The first platoon arrives at the turning point, but some begin to slow down. I'm sure at this point, their legs feel like sandbags. They're basically just barely picking their legs up. But yeah, that's a pretty decent distance, especially with all that weight and whatnot. When you're re-entimed and sort of like a competition sort of thing, you're going to have a lot of people pushing each other. So it's nice to have that motivation between each other, but it's going to be miserable. The platoon's only have 30 minutes left to hit the finish line. The team spirit is vital in completing the run, and recruit three has taken on additional weight. It's a good one. It's nice. The motivation. The team make it in time. We're really good happy because we did it properly and we get it time we pass. It's a defining moment for recruit three. For me as the platoon leader of Second Platoon, I think it's one of the most fulfilling event in my entire training. This is also a test for our platoon mates, for the integrity of our platoon. And as you can see, some of us were shouting because this is the last night that we will be carrying those heavy loads. It's a moment to celebrate, but not for long. They need to prove they have the combat skills to match. Soon, the recruits will face the ultimate challenge, a real test mission, real enemies, real conflict. One, they might not return from. Test mission is a must for the members in order for them to graduate. That differentiates the Ranger training from all other military training. They could face the Abu Siaf, the Moro Islamic Liberation Front, and the new people's army. Battle hardened insurgents. But recruit three is not daunted. Every mission given to us, we will accomplish them with great achievement. And here in SCO, Ranger training school, they're not just training soldiers to become Rangers, but Rangers to become heroes. As recruit three in his class, head into real battle to gain membership into this elite club. The class ahead is just returned from their test mission. I have the honor to present to you two army officers, 85 army listed personnel, and two police non-commissioned officers. Gohamsad is properly completed, all the requirements of SCO, Ranger course. These 89 recruits have endured one of the longest test missions in training history. Spend two months in the Eastern, then they'll command five personnel, army personnel have abducted and we are tasked to rescue them. But one recruit didn't make it back. Except also the solo the class member, who offered the ultimate sacrifice for peace. So, they're not going to be able to fight. They're just trying to fight. They're just trying to fight. They're just trying to fight. They're just trying to fight. They're just trying to fight. One man died trying to earn this badge. But for those in this class that survived. By virtue of the 30% of me, as the commander of the first scout, Ranger Regiment. These eight months of hardship have earned them the Tobac tab. I hear my dear students of SCO, of course, graduates defecting today. Much patience. After being tested on the father. They now have the right to call themselves scout Rangers. You know, it's a good feeling. We are happy and free. Versals and better with our two-gatherers, our Rangers of Fortune, our weep. We sing, greetings and high, we the song. Laughing, a danger with my night, a thunder and a thunder and a heart. Wow, that's bad ass. I mean, it sucks that the one recruit actually died when they were going through it. But you can imagine whenever you get through that training, man, you're going to be the tightest knit group out there. But yeah, this was a very awesome recommendation. Again, it was a long documentary. But we were able to see everything step by step. And it's just incredible to actually, you know, know that there's a unit out there that does all of this. And they actually have to see combats before they graduate. And that's incredible. Like they're saying, it's unlike a lot of other militaries you would actually see out there. So awesome recommendation. The Philippines got Rangers. Wow, I didn't know anything about them. And now I think I know a decent amount. So I mean, I have a whole new respect for the the Philippines armed forces. But yeah, I do appreciate this recommendation, guys. I know a lot of you guys were recommending it. And I'm seeing it all over the place. And I'm glad I was actually able to follow up with it. So I do appreciate this awesome recommendation. If you guys like the video, hit the thumbs up. But comment, let me know what you think, especially if you're not from the Philippines. If you didn't know anything about the Scout Rangers. Comment, let me know what you think. Because these guys are seriously badass. And I'm glad I was able to check them out. But yeah, let me know what you guys think regardless. I do hope you enjoyed the video. It was very awesome to check out. But that is it for this one. I'll see you all in the next one. Bye.