 Future Friday. The freshest. So since Baleska's unbelievable research and learning a bit more about Tawag and how it happened and one of the earliest champions in Northern Outdoor, very cool that also everyone now on YouTube is like checking out some of the work which is close. This is so freaking dope. It's dope. So like I saw a lot of like vocal coaches now look back on some of the videos that we checked out with the class. Which I think is so freaking dope. And because it's interesting as well to hear what other people had to say as well like their analysis. I thought we would check out a performance that's a bit more recent than the ones we watched. It's still like 30 years old. Just effort, 30 years ago. Yeah. I thought we would progress up until like the early 2000s and maybe up until today. I don't know if she's still singing. I know she got very into acting later on. But this is 1993 and she's going to sing a Koi Ang Yung tonight. Yeah. Tawag, nothing super star. Super star. She had a really good list. Right. Oh, that place. She has the super star label. She had already been super star for like 20 years. And they can't even ring her guess. Kasama Pong and some of strings. Miss Nora. Nora. Oh, Nora, he says. Classic OPM. I love it. I love it. I love it. Oh, very matured larynx we got here. So subtle. Strange. A secure example of demanding to be heard through subtlety. Oh, yeah. And he's done through diction and amazing ground. No, she's not. There's no man. There's no shebang. She is the shebang. She's the man's respect and to be heard through subtlety. Yes. And I actually think this is in comparison to the video that we watched first. Right? Like her inspiration. Yeah. Her introduction to the whole music business. In this, yeah. You really see this growth. You've seen somebody settled. Somebody who's not desperate to be heard, but also somebody who will teach you something. Like it's there to show you something. At this point, she's also fairly young. Like she's not. But there is such a regal. Like a virtue to something. But there's such a regal posture and like a posture to her. Well, 10 years in the industry will do that to you. Yeah. She was 16 when we checked her R.I. so 26, that will do it too. Oh, such beautiful melody. The song is so good. Listen to that emotion. She also acts through song really well. It's fabulous. No question she wanted to act. Fairly different songs as well in the phrase. Oh.句話 Not It's so very hard to beautiful tenderness. I think also you know you know in this era in the 90s and late 80s in the Filipino music industry you were getting the Sharon Kunetas right? Yeah kicking ass and obviously Regina and you were getting Jaya and you... The Pilita Corales was still totally hitting me. Pilita Corales was deep though deep in her career already there by the 90s. But I think acting through song was was the style. I think so too. Especially through ballads. It wasn't just this is a ballad. This is a ballad that was yours and you must enact. You must enact the emotions of the lyrics. I also feel like at this I don't know if this is correct to the time in the Philippines but a lot of in South America and Venezuela for example the the ballad years the people that sang this like how broken songs and stuff were interpreters they would be giving the songs and their their responsibility was to enact and and and compass the emotion with the song correctly so that that was what made the songs really popular that the emotion was really connected to the the song itself but if if if the same idea of the same concept was done in the Philippines it wouldn't surprise me that the composer would have chosen her as the vessel to the composer yeah they will go that I'm trying I was trying to find the lyrics translated nothing it's a natural but there's from saddles actually go back to that because I want to talk about it something what Okay, give me a second. That's gorgeous. Absolutely phenomenal, phenomenal, it's so great. But also it's so correct to the style because in this, and our take in our contemporary take today, 2023, this song in that moment which flips into that falsetto would have been taking us a belt. The natural progression of that would have been very grounded because she's fairly grounded throughout the whole song. She's on that lower range to the man's attention because she is so well adjusted, so we'll ground it there. So when she flips into that falsetto and maintains that solstety but nevertheless still maintaining the vulnerability of the emotion, it's freaking mind blowing. How does she do that? I have no idea because it doesn't lose weight, it doesn't lose purpose. That's right. And in a falsetto quality, a lot of the times you can lose some of that weight, you can lose some of that grounding that you find in your chest by definition. By definition, that is a falsetto, right? They sacrifice of a sacrifice of their for range. Correct, correct. And what a touch, what a touch. What a touch. So attractive. It's so effortless. You can see her grounded in right hand. What did she say? What's more, that's why she's shining like this. She just重要led her acting. The most open was heard here. Yeah. The most open was heard here. Yeah. It contains that falsetto approach. This is a big track, bro. Oh, I'm still alive, dude. Yeah, definitely. It's such a constant song, though. Very articulate. There's no stop, there's no stop. I take the juggles. The song is a marathon, bro. It's a big time. That was a built-in approach. It's a big time. It's a big time. But again, she's a commander of respect for her subtlety. It's like a gentle gesture, maybe, you know, may say so much more, and be so much more memorable than a loud one sometimes. And she's such a great example of that, especially music. Oh, so such a wonderful mastery of micro expressions throughout the whole of the acting through songs. It's a damn good actress. You can tell why people really fell in love with her work, both musically and then movies was. I think at some point it would be great to sort of check out a few scenes, or even one of her movies, or she did series, I think. I think she did a lot of movies. Very intrigue and very cool. Also, I think it's the first time we check out Ringo Marquez. That's right. That's right, as a composer. So let us know what you guys thought about it. And if there are other performances that you like us to check out from her more than happy to do so, or any other sort of legend revises that have shaped the Filipino music industry for what it is now, it would be more than happy to review those as well. Definitely. Goodbye.