 We are going to the toilet The toilet is so behind Okay we are going inside a bit I never so sure if it's like this or We are going in on anything We are in the park going to the level We are going to the level That's the captain Hello guys Hello Okay, try We are going somewhere We are going somewhere We are going this This is another boat We are really turning the boat It's okay Are you going to park the guy? No, no You are missing my vlog Can you put on YouTube? Yeah This is the captain This captain is the captain Where you going? Going to the level That is the height So very hard That's so hard Is that you also going? Hey, bye, you're going to ride Bye Bye Bye I'm going to the video Okay, I am my snacks Come I want to get to the level I want to get to the level I want to get to the level I want to get to the level I want to get to the level I want my snacks Please Finish, I am next You are next Where is our boat? Oh, oh Oh, it's over We are going there I can't hear you standing I can't hear you standing I can't hear you standing You can't see this You can't see this She You can't see this You can't see this She goes on the top It's over You can't see it It's over You can't see this You can't see this You can't see it I am going behind Behind She's alone What is going on? She's alone It's over They are on a mini spot K Downloads수 you OK I guess Now we can see how we fly So, I have to go to professional mode. I have to turn on. We are lucky now at Davao White. And we do. My friend Helena. Thank you for the ride. Three. Davao! I'm in a reasonable mood. And it is jolly thing. People all the time my sister August is saying that I should try and jolly this. So, I'm going to try it now. What are you going to eat? Chicken. Chicken and rice. Go and search what you want to eat. Okay, we are going to the baby. The vibe here is like in my donuts. Okay, what kind of food is this? What is everything like in the chicken? Okay, I'm going to try it. This guy came to us to help us take order. That's our order. Very interesting. I know myself is like a beautiful one. I ordered chicken. I get it. Chicken with rice. And... I need to pick your order. One, see three, see five. And cheesy young burgers. And cheesy two cheesy young burgers. One solo, one new food. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. Where are we going to sit? I'm going to try the chicken with rice. I'm going to try the chicken with rice. Nice one, too. Nice one, too. I'm going to try the chicken with rice. I'm going to try the chicken with rice. This is the rice. This is the rice. I'm going to try the chicken with rice. I'm going to try the chicken with rice. Okay, try it. How it tastes? I think it's better to try the chicken with rice. I'm going to try the chicken with rice. Because I ordered the chicken with rice. I'm going to try the chicken with rice.