 So I'm moving to the Philippines more than 10,000 kilometers away from my small hometown. This has obviously been in the works for quite some time now, but the final straw came during my final time at university in England, which helped me realize that I want to give this YouTube dream of mine a chance and kind of take a break from the disgusting, rainy European winters. It only took a few mental breakdowns to figure that out, but hey, I still figured it out. I graduated in July and had an amazing summer with my family, friends, and obviously at least. But the end of university also marked the end of a somewhat predefined purpose, direction, and definition of what success actually looks like, leaving me in a kind of uncertain, overwhelmed and floaty state with a question what's next looming over my head. Something I learned first hand this year is how important your surroundings are in shaping you. So I signed a contract for an apartment in Manila and flew to the country of Mangoes, Blue House Water, and four month Christmas to start a new chapter of my life. With all that being said, let's get going. Ready to go? Not really. Total 10 minutes. I always try to board at the very end, so apparently there are still four people missing, but we're the last ones in the boarding hall. The reason why I do that is actually quite interesting, because when you walk on the plane and you're here, boarding complete, then you know that all the seats that are empty are actually empty, so you can take them. So we're not even in here yet. I had to drink a 1.5 liter water bottle right before security, so I'm already in the toilet. Don't you hate these like unskippable ads? It's like... See what I did there? I thought that was pretty cool. Unboxing video. We have a toothbrush. Can you even hear him guys? Is he louder than the warm-dance talk? And right now? Then, wet wipes, a mask, earbud, and a bunch of creams. Yeah, I would say. Basically, she is super upset that she clicked update on her phone. And it is annoying, but you only like, what, two hours? One hour? It is a global disaster. Hand in the eye to actually learn more. Flight number two. Many love. Manila, we're flying home. Finally, only nine hours of flight, one hour in the car, and one hour in the car. And then, another half an hour in traffic. That's fun. I've been watching Formula One. Well, along the plane. And I only noticed now when we're landing in five minutes. Great. Nice to meet you. I'm so nervous. Holy shit. Kids, homes are sweaty. I think people who don't do long distance on a regular basis don't appreciate traveling together enough. This is like absolutely different. No sadness. You're just on the plane. Having fun, you know, the way it should be. We have made it to the Philippines. The humidity that hits you when you get out of the airport never gets old. I always think about it. Never think about it enough to change clothes at the airport. But it hits you like a truck. So, current situation. We just got home to our apartment. The electricity has been cut off because we weren't able to pay our bills abroad. So now we're kind of in the car. We're in the car. We're in the car. We're in the car. We're in the car. We're in the car. We're in the car. We're in the car. We're in the car. We're in the car. So now we're kind of trying to figure out how to turn them back on. And it's been quite a struggle because all the banks are closed and it's 11pm. So there's nothing open. It looks like we're just going to have to sit in the darkness tonight and sleep without AC. But adventures. I still have hope that we'll manage somehow. I don't know. Starting the new life, the right way. Dude, the things that you find when you come back from holiday in the Philippines. Are you filming this? Oh my god, almost steps on another one. Good morning everybody. We are now going to head to Paddle Club to get some breakfast. To kind of get us started in the day and revive us a little bit. Are you ready? We're life in the nila. Are there only things that jet lag and hangovers have quite a lot in common? This is chronically great. We'll watch this video and be jealous of myself. We'll use big louder. We'll watch this video later. No, I can't. This is one hell of a burger. Like, Goddamn. So good. This is always what happens. Like, I'll be done with my food already and she'll be starting her. It's your very fast. You know, there's nothing worse than sharing popcorn with me. Are you guys like team fast eaters or team slow eaters? If you were born in a family where you have a younger or older brother, you kind of just get trained to eat fast. Because if you eat slow, then you don't get any of the good stuff. Or the leftover charato max. That is breakfast and coffee done. What we're going to do now is buy some medicine for Elise because she has a little bit of a cough. And then we're going to head straight home just to relax for the rest of the day. Oh, so much fun and all this stuff you can act in pain. We'll go to space on dolphins and then we will do lots of hunting, aliens. And then we'll save the world and then let's see. After all that, we will probably just relax at home. But if you guys want to be a part of all of our travels here in the Philippines, make sure that you're subscribed and you hit the notification bell so that you never miss any of our videos. Hopefully you guys enjoyed coming along with us and moving to the Philippines. Thank you so much for watching. You will see you guys in the next video. We will see you in the next video. And these will kill me if I eat this avocado.