 Their love is more special than afelipping. Men. But I have a age reference. Maybe it's 30 to 70. Money is important in our living. But I'm not looking for a rich man. I'm looking for a right guy for me. It's time for... I want interviews with Kenan. Hi, my name is Cheny and I'm 29 years old. I live in double-city, Philippines. My ID number is 1-258. My personality, I am very extrovert. I love to socialize and ningle with others. I am very friendly and I love to have a good conversation with people. I am very positive in life that I tend to be surrounded with positive people and people who have the same values as mine. And yeah, my hobbies, I love to play tennis. During my free time, I'm breaking out also. I love to go to the gym and get sweat. I love to have to do biking stuff, going out with friends. On a weekend, I love the outdoors as well. I want to go hiking, camping, going to the beach, exploring the nature. I love to trek and just be with friends. I love to have children one day and I'm very open with that. For me, I'm okay with two children as much as I can with the right partner in the future. I joined AFA because it gives me the opportunity to open doors for me to meet new people, to socialize and to connect with them. AFA for me would open my doors for me to meet my future partner in life even the chance. And I know that I'm very hopeful that AFA would help me with all of this. So why do you prefer foreigners? I love to be with foreigners because number one is the culture. They're very open-minded. They're very hardworking and very... What do you call this career-minded? That's what I admire about them. What qualities you're looking for in the man? To be honest, I'm more into the inner personality like number one. I want someone who's really mature enough to handle relationships. And I want someone who is very positive in life. Someone I could rely on, someone I could trust. Who is responsible in the family and someone who is honest, loyal to his partner. And very compassionate someone who's down to earth and who could, you know, who is open-minded. What can you offer in a relationship as a girlfriend and as a wife? Yes, for me as a girlfriend, I am very loyal to the people I love. And I am the type of person who would take Christ and who would you know. Understand the partner who is very understanding. I am very, you know, also responsible in the relationship. I'm very genuine. My feelings are very genuine when it comes to having a relationship with someone. And that's what I could offer to him. What kind of mother or kind of partner you will be. If I would be a mother someday or a wife, I feel like I am very hands on with my family. Because number one, I've been with a broken family. And I don't want that to happen with me in the future. So I want to have a family that's in touch and very close-knit family in the future. So like kids with him and you know, I want to have a very happy and healthy family. So I think I would bring my best or I would bring my best to be a good mom, a good partner. And a loving wife to my future husband. Are you like open to dating a man or how do you feel about dating a man without any religion? If the guy that I'm gonna get along with is not that religious, for me it doesn't matter. Because as what I said earlier, I am looking for a guy who has the qualities that I wanted, the personality that I wanted. Who treats me well, someone like that who treats me well. Someone who is very genuine with his feelings and someone who is mature enough to handle relationship and to be there for you, no matter what, that won't leave your side. So what's your ideal first date? My ideal first date would be a romantic beach set up for me. It's just the two of us having wine and you know, just having good conversations with each other, talking about our interests, our personal lives. So I think the beach would give me that, because the beach, I think that beach would give me that therapeutic kind of type of date that I love. So yeah, I would love to have a very romantic beach date with that guy. Are you ready to relocate to your husband's country? That is a very big yes for me because I've always been looking for my future. I always envision my future like I want to have a stable and you know, a happy intact family. And I want to take care of my family. We're gonna have kids someday. So I wanted my kids to have that good future plans to have that good future plans to be educated well. So I am thinking about his job. Like I don't want him to compromise his job just for me here. So unlike me, I can compromise it here. It's easy for me, but for him it's not because he's the provider, the breadwinner. So I'm very open to relocating to other country. Can you cook or and then it's ever, you can cook what's the Filipino dishes? Yes, I do cook. If I would have a dish to cook to my husband, future husband. For me, I think the best cook I could make is the chicken afri Thada. I think he would love it. With all my heart. Okay, so how can you handle conflict or disagreement in relationship? As much as possible, I would love to have a good talk with him and share each other's sides, apologize. And just understand each other. And at the end of the day, you will just, you know, what you call this reach and agreement and will be fine. So what are your thoughts about marriage and building your own family? Marriage for me, it's a lifetime commitment, you know? It's not just like the typical boyfriend girlfriend thing and then break up like that. I view it as a very sacred and very sacred type of relationship that you and your partner, you have vows for each other. And I could envision it like it's a for me, it's where it's a lifetime process for both of you. Like you and your partner, we're going to commit for each other and make promises. And you both, you guys are both legal. So if we commit the marriage like that, so I wanted him also and me to understand that this is forever. Like I want to make it forever like that. Hello to my future husband. I know you're just watching me over there and I'm just here in the land of the Pearl Orient, the Philippines. And I hope you're watching this video and know that I am here for a purpose in this AFA. So I wanted you to know that I'm looking for someone like I could potentially settle down the future and someone I could say my forever. So I hope to see you here and I hope to meet you and get to know each other. And yeah, thank you for watching and good luck to us.anie Nama? Tanas malang ka, mas malang ka. Nata waraka. Okay, wala. Ay, okay. Sola, kali, kali, kali, kali. Nama lang. Okay, kali, kali. Okay. Okay. Kalo, nga? Kalo, nga? Kalo, nga? Kalo, nga? This is pastil. Pastil? Pastil. Nga, nga? Nearly died on camera. Kalo, kaka, kaka, kaka. Kaka, kaka, kaka. Okay, kaka. Hey, today I am taking a day off at the beautiful resort in the mountains of Sebu City. This private resort has a cozy atmosphere and a dazzling view of the lush forests in Sebu City. Well, let's go and have a wonderful time at this dazzling mountain resort. Let's go! My name is Cherlin. I am 26 years old. I have one child and no one has to mind. I'm single. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I'm a parent of her. I won't say that because I can't believe that is what you want. You want to be nice to them or a adult. I don't want to say mi jab Support, don't want to be happy with your young and poor- crimson environment. Want to visit us further across the world. For the future, You can create your life as a happier living. I for me the looks is not important for me. The important is how you treat the girls as a girl in her life. For me age doesn't matter, but I have a age reference. 30 to 45 years old, it's my limit. I don't look for rich men just someone to provide my needs and to our family for the future. For my future husband, right there, if you want to look me just visit our site, which is far from here, come and meet me here at Sibu Kilipins. My name is lovely, I'm 29 years old. I am a single mom. I have only one daughter. She is coming for this December. For me, I want to have more children, but in my mind, I don't know, but maybe someday if I can find my partner, we will talk about it because maybe he wants or he doesn't want more kids. I join a foreign affair because I want to find the right man for me. I want to be able to find a man who can love me, accept me for what and who I am. He can accept me, I mean my baby as well, and who is loving and someone who is ready to settle down, serious, and I want to find true love. That is why I join a foreign affair. The perfect man for me is someone who is who don't want to hurt the feelings of a person, like who have respect to the other people, especially to his partner, and who is very open because in a relationship, relationship, it should be both partners, should be open about things like deciding things. And for me as well, the perfect man is someone who is very loving man and someone who will always make you feel you are beautiful and special. Family is very important to me because since right now, I don't have my parents anymore. They passed away during the pandemic because for me, it is very important because we Filipinos are very some or mostly are family oriented. And we grow up from a big learnings from our parents that respect love and have faith in God. For me, I don't mind about the looks of a person. I am not looking, someone who is very handsome or young or I don't mind it. The important for me is we have connection, we love each other, we understand each other. Age is not a problem for me. If I will be asking about the age preference, maybe it's 30 to 70. To be honest, money is important in our living. But for me, I grow up in a poor family and I learned a lot from that. And for me, I don't mind if my partner is not the rich or poor because I have a job and I don't mind living in a simple family, simple situation. Intimacy is, I think for me, it's important as well. It's because it will give spice to the partner. But for me, it is not the top priority of a relationship. To my future husband, I want you to know that I am here in the Philippines waiting for you. And I am a very sweet person and I am a single mother but I hope that you can accept my baby. And love her as your own and we can get to know each other and we can meet someday. I hope that we can meet. Hello, I'm Jennifer. I'm 29 years old. I have two children, one boy and one girl. Yeah, I want to have more children with my future husband. I joined part of her. I had to meet the right guy for me and accept my children. Part of them are special because they are open-minded and have a flexible attitude, easygoing and very polite. My perfect husband is a caring and a loving husband and a responsible guy, especially in our family, until my children. Family is important for me because they are my everything and they are my inspiration in my daily life. Looks doesn't matter to me. He loves me, really loves me and into my children. Age doesn't matter to me as long as we understand each other and we respect each other. It's more important to me. I prefer like 40 plus to 50 plus age. Money is important to me but I'm not looking for a rich man. I'm looking for a right guy for me, understanding me and this situation. Yeah, intimacy is important to me because first is I can feel my husband that he really loves me and he really committed to us, to me and to my children. Hello to my future husband. Let's meet in Sebu and let's get to know each other. I'm happy to see you soon. Why is Rana? We need more guys!