 But you're Friday. The freshest. So these are the Madrigal, Philippines Madrigal singers in Busan. So in Korea, I was gonna say Seoul. In Korea. But this is the coral opening concert. It has been highly requested. I think from here we have seen maybe the Lion King performance that they did. I don't know if this is the channel, but I'm pretty sure that we have seen it before. But they performed three songs in a row. So let's have a look. It's a very requested. You guys have been like, I'm waiting for this. I'm so scared to watch. Let's go. I'm in the center. I'm gonna feel the feeling of flag there. Hello. Wow, look at those outfits. It's the big boss. Mark. Ooh, a love environmental mix. What the fuck? Was that a count? I have no idea what that count was. Sorry, just genius stuff. Oh, you feel that, right? Of course. Gosh. Oh, Salud. Salud. Salud. Salud. Salud. Salud. Salud. Salud. Salud. Salud. Salud. Salud. Salud. Salud. Salud. In the name of heaven. So Istro is not here.... That's the place that always will see us That only by saying that night The West is so good I feel like I have been placed by old?.. I'm sorry..... Why don't be heard was that I'm ready I'm ready Take me I am good to go I think I've been cleansed of everything I've ever done badly You know actually when I was a kid I'll tell you I put even cleanse this memory this memory has been haunting me because I had no I've never told you But one day one day you were sleeping like that you were sleeping that and then I was like I was like seven or six And I came over I saw you and I farted in your face You know I believe that yeah, I see bent over But I never told you until today by Phil Clemsd I feel like I'm sure that if right you do know that this is getting viewed by you know a lot of people I was only six okay nice Got to air lights dude. I I love this part. This stuff makes me so happy. I genuinely I couldn't feel any happier right now It's very strange though because they it was such a buildup it was such a constant building up A climax to where something and you never really quite reach the climates it just keeps going up and further up and How did they layer so much I they also have so many you know It's interesting like I feel like it's not just a layer so like they have shades of things like yes, it's really it's really difficult to explain Also, I mean I teach you I'm pretty good Do it Just I am ready for Olympus And that's exactly what it feels like it's like if you know don't feel clean stuff that I may you've done some naughty naughty Not in this stuff Continue because what they help this move all fuck you know I'm not being an angel How dare that person cough How dare they god forbid you tell present Oh, wrong person! Oh God! I'm not a fan of you. I'm not a fan of you. I'm not a fan of you. Why is this making me cry? I'm not a fan of you. I'm not a fan of you. Holy. Even the birds outside. You know what's also funny? I genuinely can imagine just how many angels. I know it sounds like it's 70m. It's a pretty lengthy song. I think it's 22. It sounds like it's 100 people singing. It's so crazy. And just the breath controlling between the phrase and phrase. And how they overlay things. And like the harmonic. And the harmonic work. It's like what it's insane. Because it's like everybody singing their own song. And they just happen to work well together. And obviously the freaking vocals. Because there's more. I don't know if they're going to talk or something. Because I do know we have seen already the Lion King performance. So I don't know if this was next. I don't know either. They laugh a lot. So I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to cut it here.