 Welcome to my country! Bye bye, take care! What is that? What is this? Salamiya! Good morning! Good morning! Thank you very much! Thank you! Shout out! Shout out! Shout out! Wow, look at this! So we actually got a sizzling chicken over here. You could see it sizzling on this little hot pan. Filipinos are known for their amazing hospitality, their kindness, and we're seeing that firsthand, right? Magandanumaga and Kamustikha from beautiful Philippines. Guys, this is actually my very first time in this amazing country, and I'm beyond grateful to be here. Now, unfortunately, as you can see, it's a rainy day on my first day, but it doesn't matter, I'm not going to let that ruin my first impressions or my day. We're going to have an amazing day. Hello, Kamustikha! Hello, hello! Magandanumaga! Good morning! Good morning! Alright, little shout outs. But, like I was saying, we're going to have an amazing day despite the rain. We're going to have some food. I'm going to give you guys a little tour of where I stay, and we're going to explore Manela. Hello, Kamustikha! Good morning! Good morning! How are you? How are you? What's your name? I'm fine. What is your name? Dani! Dani, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Are you from Manela? Yes! Okay, brother, my name is PK. PK! Nice to meet you. My first day. Welcome to my country. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Hello, hello! Kamustikha! Have a great day. You know where I can get some street food? There's street food there. Can't street food is there? Okay, okay. Thank you so much. Right side. Right side. Okay. Thank you. Salam-A-Po! Okay, guys. Let's go get some street food. Already, we're off to a great start, you know? Yes! Bye-bye! Bye-bye! Bye-bye! If this is how Philippines is going to be, we're going to be in heaven. I already know that. So I think he was talking about this place right here. So it's like a little food stall vendor type stuff. Hello! How are you? Kamustikha! Everything good? Okay, so much. You guys have so much to choose from. I don't even know what I want. Let's do... Wow, wow. Okay, so check this out. They have like a whole beef menu over here. They have the fish. Tried leyum-ho. I'm not sure what that is. But they also have four... and... Beef. You know what? How's the sizzling chicken? The sizzling boneless chicken is good? Okay, my friend. Let's get one sizzling boneless chicken. A quarter please, half. Thank you so much. Salamat poh. Salamat poh. Where are the names there? Sorry? Where are the names? Where are the names? Yes. Very cool, right? So we have like a tiny little side street food vendor. He has his station over there, of course. The kitchen is right down here. And a whole lot of places to sit. I love it. Thank you so much. Salamat poh. Already, we're off to such a great start and this is just the beginning. Bye bye. Take care. What is that? What is this? Salami. Salami. Salami. What is that? Salami. What is that? Like a sign from Minila? Hi. Sorry? Hi. Hard, hard. Oh, very cool. So like this. Okay, I go walk around like this to people. Oh, sir. Thank you so much. Wow. Look at this. So we actually got a sizzling chicken over here. You can see it sizzling on this little hot pan. So it's a rice, little little chicken. And I'm not too sure what the sauce is, but it smells so good. So over here, I believe you can serve yourself. I can grab a fork, a spoon, a little bit of cups, of course, bowls, and let's take one napkin. Thank you, sir. So how you eat this right is you take this rice, mix it all in with the sauce. Whatever kind of sauces is I'm not too sure, but you mix that all in right here. So you get like the whole entire flavor into your food, right? That's how you get the best results with any type of food. When you mix it all in and eat it all together. Okay, so here we go. We got the rice mixed in with a little seasoning, whatever the seasoning is, not too sure, but we don't ask questions. And of course, we have the chicken going for the first bite. My friend, Masarab. Masarab, thank you so much. Wow. What kind of sauces is this? Oh, gravy. Oh, interesting. So our friend saying this is actually gravy. This is an interesting taste to a gravy. Kind of different from what I'm used to, but so good. Now in case you're wondering what it tastes like, it's got a nice little black peppery taste to it. The gravy, very mild. The chicken, just the flavor is kind of exploding your mouth. Look. And a nice pinch of salt to make everything kind of meshing together. Look at that. A sizzling chicken rice dinner in the morning. All right, so we absolutely destroyed that. It was delicious. Masarab, my friend. Masarab, how much do I owe you? 95 pesos. Okay, here's 100. Thank you. Okay, keep changed. Thank you so much. Okay, thank you so much. Thank you, thank you. Say bye to the chef. That was very good. Masarab, Masarab. Sure. Shai, it's okay, it's okay. You're great on the camera. Thank you. Have a great day, brother. Now, guys, right now I'm in the Mandalu Young District. I'm not sure if I'm saying that right. But I asked all my Filipino friends back home and they told me it's a pretty good area. And like we just saw, it is a pretty good area. It seems pretty safe. Everyone's super nice. And the best part about it is that there's street food everywhere. From walking like two minutes, we already found the street food. Look at this, this one's like a tuk tuk kind of thing, right? A Filipino tuk tuk, not really sure. If that's the name, it's probably like some other name. But hey, it is what it is. Kamustaka, Kamustaka. Hello, hello. You can just walk down the street and say hi. Anyways, I think our next sort of mission is, I guess to find some coffee, you know. We kind of want some coffee, I'm not sure if... Oh, I think I see something here. Do you have coffee here? Coffee. Coffee? That's coffee. Hot coffee? You have hot coffee? Yes. Um, let's see actually if I can see the menu for the hot coffee. So I hold that, oh, I see. Oh, it's over here. I can choose from here. Perfect. Which one is the number one Masarab? With that coffee. That coffee? Okay, you know what? I will take your advice. We will do one black coffee. Please. Yes, thank you very much. So anytime you're in a brand new place, especially if it's your first day, I think the best thing to do is always go with the locals advice, because obviously they know best, right? So we're going to go with one black coffee. Let's see how they still look, you know, coffee taste. And let's brighten up our day as if it wasn't already bright enough. Everybody's so nice, everybody's so kind. And just making us feel kind of at home, you know what I mean? Being thousands of miles away from home, you feel like you're at home. I think this is like the Filipino hospitality. You know, Filipinos are known for their amazing hospitality, their kindness, and we're seeing that firsthand, right? Oh, thank you so much brother. How much do I owe you? I owe you 15 pesos. 15? Yes. Wow, that's it. 15 pesos, I have no idea how much that is, but it's not much. Look, we got a Filipino coffee for 15 pesos. Sorry, do you have change for 100? It's not okay, sorry, I hate to do that to you. The worst is when you have big change and you need little change. Unfortunately, hello, hello, come with the concern. Very good. Oh, what is this? I'm roll. Okay, okay. I only know this one. Hard, hard. Hard, hard. I learned that today. Have a wonderful day, thank you. Bye-bye, bye-bye. Thank you, salam ala mad. So we have our coffee in hand. Oh, smells so strong. I wonder if it's sweet or... No, no, no, I'm not going to... I was about to make the mistake of having a sip of it while it's too hot. That's just going to burn my mouth, I'm not going to do that. So let's just keep going. Let's see what the good old streets of Manila has for us to do. Now before we walk the streets of Manila and do a little bit of exploring, I kind of want to give you guys a little tour of my tiny little condo and where I live. Because it's right in the area. Welcome guys, welcome to the beautiful studio apartment. I didn't even know this was a studio when I booked it on Airbnb, but hey, it is what it is. It has everything I need and I'm going to give you guys a tour over here. We have the microwave, we have all kinds of kitchen utensils, everything you need for a long or short vacation if you want to cook. And of course, the sink, hand soap, dish soap, a little table for working with a mirror. Ooh, I didn't even notice this actually. Look, we have candy, candy crackers. And he told me there's karaoke in case I want to do karaoke, but I have the voice of a dog, so nobody wants to hear that. Anyways, we have a couple of paintings over here. We have a towel, he left us a toothbrush, little toothpaste, and I believe this is soap, a massive mirror in case you want to check yourself out and get ready, all that good jazz. And over here, a big, flat screen TV with a welcome style right up top. And of course, let's not forget the fridge, but my favorite part of this entire apartment is the 35th floor view right from bedside, right? So you wake up in this bed, tiny home, right? Tiny home, it's no problem. Tiny home, you wake up in this bed and you see that beautiful view. This is all that I could ask for. I'm more than happy to be here and I believe it costs, I don't remember what it costs, but I'm going to put it up on the screen for you guys to see for the three weeks that I'm here. Alright, now that we have the house tour out of the way, I say we continue exploring Manila, and of course, look, I haven't even had my coffee yet. I love this. You see this city of dreams in Manila. Enjoy your hot beverage. We will enjoy our hot beverage. Ah yeah. So good right in the morning. We have this. So as I was walking, the rain is picking up more, but I realized the way you get across from one side of the street is by using one of these sky bridges over here. Kind of like everywhere else in Southeast Asia, and I believe this right here, the railroad track is the Manila MRT. Look, it's come right now. Correct me if I'm wrong. I don't know if this is the MRT, but let me know in the comments sections. Now it's raining pretty hard, so we kind of have to find refuse somewhere, and I know just the place to go. Now another thing I also notice about Manila is that they actually have traffic lights. Kind of different from the two months that I've been traveling. And other parts where there were absolutely no traffic lights, and you kind of had to walk across. Over here, look, traffic lights, people are being the rules, traffic light over there, and that right there, my friends, is where we want to go. Oh, I guess people are just walking. Okay, we will walk too. What is that? The mega tower. We're looking for the mega mall. We are looking for something called the mega mall. I see a mega tower. Mega tower. Wow, that actually is very mega my friends. That is very mega. Oh, look at that. I see a H&M. You know what? I believe that right there is our mega mall. Let's get out of this kind of rain, so to say. And hit up mega mall. I love how two minutes it's raining, two minutes it's not raining. It's like a back and forth, back and forth type thing. But you know what? Since it's kind of like a gloomy day, let's go check out the mall, see what they have. I wonder if there's a special event going on because there's just so many people lined up here. Or maybe they're just waiting for it to open? Not sure. Okay, so you know what's interesting. I was waiting in this line and then the officer told me that the line for males is on this side. So I didn't know there was a difference between entering the mall with a male side and a female side. I wonder why that is. If any of you guys know, please comment down. Hello, hello from Musuka. If any of you guys know, please let me know. And I also noticed that the police are carrying massive rifles. Very intimidating, but the guy was so friendly. He was so friendly. I thought he was coming up to say, hey, no filming. But he's just like, hey man, the male side is on that side. So it seems like we're moving in now. I believe this is the opening of the mall. So anytime, hello, hello from Musuka. Very nice, very nice. You see, you see they have like massive rifles, but they're so nice. Everybody here, like the cops are so friendly, which is kind of different from the West where the cops are like not so friendly. But oh, I didn't even know this. You kind of have to go through a scanner over here as well. Very interesting. Okay, hello. Yes. Hello. Good morning. Thank you very much. Thank you. Shout out. Shout out. Shout out. Yes, thank you. Shout out. I love it. I love it. You know, some of them are shy, but some of them are so amazing on the camera. So what we have here is basically the opening of the mall, which is very cool because everybody just stands outside, waits in line, meal and female, and then we're already to enter. What? Damn. Look at this huge mall. Oh my goodness. So we have Pandora over there. We have Pandora. We have little H&M. Honestly, I'm kind of getting disoriented. This mall is actually very mega. As you can see, they already have the food ready. Wow. I guess Filipinos love their malls, right? Because I believe they have the mall of Asia as well. Now, this isn't the mall of Asia. This is just a mega mall, but they have so many different malls all around. And look at that cafe. Estimark Cafe. Looks like they had some delicious pastries. We might get something to eat. Who knows? But for now, we're just going to continue walking, exploring, seeing what's good. Now, one thing I am wondering is, how come all the malls? You kind of have to go through that scanner. What is that scanner for? I guess they want everyone to be safe, right? Cool idea. Cool idea. They have a Jolly Bees in the mall too. Look, little famous Filipino Jolly Bees. Now, I've never had Jolly Bees in my life before. And this is something that we have to try. Look, the mall opened up and they're pretty much already lined up. Having Jolly Bees. Philippines has a Dunkin Donuts too. Okay, I think we have to try a very, very fresh, fresh donut. Let's see, let's see. Oh, the smell of coffee is hitting my nose. And I already had coffee, but you know what? Let's see what we can get here. All the donuts are fresh. They're all piled up on top of each other. Different flavors. You know what? We have to do a donut. While we're here. Hello, Kamustaka. Good morning. I will take one donut, but which one is your number one Masara? Okay, let's do Boston cream. We're going to take our recommendations. Diana's number one recommendation. Boston cream. We're here. Take away, sir. I take away. Thank you. This one is Mabuti. Okay. Masara. Masara. Very good. 30 pesos. This is 35? I'm 30. Oh, 30. Okay, very good. So this, my friends, was under $8. Sorry, I only have 100. Is that okay? Yes. 100. Thank you. Unfortunately, I only have big money, and I hate to do this, but we kind of have to make like little money, make change. Oh, salamat, for salamat. Thank you very much. Have a wonderful day. Okay, we have our little Diana recommended Boston cream specialty of Filipino specialty of Manila, and we will have just that. Let me find a little garbage can. Put my old coffee in here. Dunkin donuts. Of course, the logo is on. Right off the top, I can tell this is fresh fresh, because everything just sinks in, you know? You have the chocolate cover coat, you have a little white line of cream, and mmm, musta wrap. Musta wrap, look. Right in the middle, you have that little Boston cream. The special Boston cream. You can see this place is absolutely massive, guys. And of course, everywhere, every good mall must have a McDonald's, and you know, it's a good mall because it has a McDonald's. Mmm, look at that. Mega. But this just caught my eye over here. We have a ceiling full of beautiful decorations, and SM Mega Mall, right here. Wow. They really take pride in their amazing stuff. Hello, hello, Kamustaka. Mabuti, very good. Like I was saying, they really take pride in their stuff over here. And it shows, right? They keep their malls very clean. They have every store you can think of, of course, a little Starbucks over there as well. And what I'm most shocked about is how good everybody's English is. Everybody that I've spoken to in the past day has spoken perfect English. I wonder why. Can you guys tell me what's the reason for that? It's kind of different from other places in Southeast Asia, where some parts know a little, others don't, but here literally it seems like everybody, everybody knows English. Now as we head on out of the mall, the only thing I can think of is how excited I am to be here, and how excited I am to be exploring beautiful Philippines for three whole weeks. There's so much to do, there's so much to see, so much people to talk to, and I can't wait to try all the delicious street foods. Anyways, an amazing first impressions of Manila Philippines. I love it. I'll see you guys in the next one.