 But you're Friday. The Threshes. Okay, so this is Edestoux by Philippine's Madrigal Singers in Uruguay, which by the way, I actually think this song was the winner of Eurovision in 1973. How'd you find that out, Google? Google. And they sing this in the Philippines. No, no, they're singing this in Uruguay. But is the Philippine Madrigal Singers? Yeah. Oh, right. So it's like a fire. A lot lately. I think after watching Le Asalonga, I'm seeing... Beginning in Spanish, yeah. What was this? Via Dolorosa. Via Dolorosa. So let's give this a watch. So this is in a church too. So I'm very sure there's a big one. A restaurant in a church. It's mad. Yes. I don't know if this is like a recital. Oh my god, this is old. They got digital cameras. Look at the beautiful singing. Hello. Look at the beautiful singing. Hello. Look at those chords, other making. You might as well just listen to the instrument. Voice. Oh, the timing is beautiful. Oh, the bass is beautiful. I don't know what the real is. Who is the director? Who's the director? Who's the director, bro? Who's the director? Who's leading that? I want to know who's the leader. Who led that? Who led that? Who led that? Who led that? Who led that? Oh wow. What? You're breaking. Whoa. You know what? That's so ethereal, isn't it? So that's why if aliens were to meet humans, I wouldn't let them converse with us. Are we just fast? Look at this. Just yes. Just let me take you to this. It takes you to this place we call a church. But not for the church. Just listen to the choir in the church. Before I explain to you what all of these is. Just listen to that for a second, like for six minutes. Right? Well, I would have to actually explain to them the boundaries of time. They wouldn't understand what six minutes is. They wouldn't, wouldn't they? No, they'd be like, need be be be be be. Nobody's talking to us. I knew this was going somewhere funny. I could feel the comment. I could feel building up. But how the hell will you explain that? You don't. You don't. You don't. Yes, you don't. Feel and that's human. That's uniquely human. Well done, Efra. Pressure to admission me. No problem. Efra, 2022, press it. Please don't. Nobody do that. No, no. Yes, vote for me. Vote for me. Vote for me. Vote for me. If you don't vote for me. Wow. Yeah, I just, you know. Free cookies for everyone. That's your campaign slogan. Just imagine me kissing a baby. Cookie, cookie. And hunger. We're cookie at day. Absolutely. Come on. I just really, I think that what we're seeing here, it's so complicated technically to explain. Because each section of the choir is doing something different, right? So actually, choir singing is a freaking science on its own. And usually you have a director. What I'm finding really interesting here is that I can't pick out who's leading the breath, the breaths and silences and initiating the piece, right? Because usually you do have somebody who you would look at for, okay, this is the cue breath. And we have two seconds to come in with your first note. That is, you know, so they're usually our tricks there. But in this video, I'm finding it really tough to depict who is doing what. Right. They're not standing in the usual choir positioning line. You know, in choirs you get sopranos, metzos, autos, baritones and basses, right? And that's how the formation is when you're looking at it straight. Usually, that's how it goes. But in here, you have a whole range of people with an improvised formation. Yeah, kind of. Maybe it's not improvised. Maybe this is the way that they like to. Because perhaps if you're standing to a medzo and you're a baritone, maybe you're leading off a third note that you're starting with. And I'm using your notes as my cue, right? So perhaps they're doing it for those reasons. Because there's no director. Well, let's remember, let's keep watching. Maybe we can figure out the picture as we keep watching. We are a famous singer. We are a famous singer. I'm seeing sopranos over here. But I'm pretty sure those guys are not sopranos. It's really interesting the formation. Oh, those chords. You see, look at the position in where they are. And I think the guy standing over here is the bass. I love the way they stand. It's very technically sound. It's crazy. The sopranos leading that line is nuts. I love the way they stand. I so well sustained. That is so crazy. It's crazy way. Here I'm going to accomplish what they unite. It's so impressive. It's so impressive. How much power there is in people. And what people can accomplish. It's so crazy to me. That is beyond worlds. And I mean it. I've been joking before. But I really do mean it. I think that's uniquely human. And there's so much power in unity, especially with people. It has even a trans. It's absolutely magical. I don't even want to go into the technicalities of it. Because I feel I will take away from the magical aspect of it all. It's just fantastic. I mean you got very gifted vocalist there. But the power in unity, it really comes alive when you see choirs like this. Or gospel deliveries. When you see them in church. There are festivals of choirs that come together from churches. And universities and stuff in Europe. And sometimes they sing like big cathedrals in Spain or here in London. And those choir festivals have rather so worth going to. Obviously if you can get a ticket and like squish and because they're so popular for. Given those reasons, right? But you really understand the power in unity. When you see or you hear performances like this, it's just so ethereal. And you know, the drive emotion out of sound. And they ignite those emotions in you as part of the audience. I mean that in crescendo was so very tender. It was so slow. It was low burning. But when you reach that climax, it really gave you that bubbling note. Not in the throat type of feeling, right? And it's so crazy to think that that was all because of the human voice. And it is wonderful. It goes beyond language. It goes beyond performance itself. It's just the magic of sound. Wow. That is awesome. I love that. Well, let us know maybe what else we should check out next. So let us quiet all around the world which are mind bubbling and mind blowing. So let us know what you thought about this. Maybe you had seen this, maybe you haven't. And I do recommend watching the original because it is literally says mad. Because it is mad. It is crazy. So let us know your thoughts about it and what else we should check out next.