 I ride for my Frecken team. What's my name? You, you, you, you, Dean. Ooh. First bottom tip of purple lean. Ooh. You ride for my Frecken team. Please whack your feet. It's time to mark it up in bogg-yow. Ooh, it's chilly night here in boggers. Boggers boggers. Let's go. Sip some purple lean. Right in the bottle, sip in purple lean. Ooh. It was a cockroach on my back. Top 10 most traumatic moments of your life. Apparently I walked under a light and then suddenly I felt something hit my neck. I was like, ah, bug. And then it was a cockroach and it crawled on my back. Show me the pose that you gave. And then it was on your back. This is what I did. I was like, get it, get it, get it. I didn't want to touch it, so I was just like fanning it. And then I eventually hit it off. I did not move. I just froze. Look at all the lights over here. That's the Christmas village. It looks like it might be busiest fracking nuts. I'm sure it will be and it's Wednesday, my dudes. I'm ready for Christmas food or it'll just be like tender juicy, so the rest is... ...missed. Christmas markets. We already see a hungry Hungarian hot dog in a roast beef sandwich place, so that's interesting. I'm very intrigued what they're going to have here. Let's eat. It's your twin. Wow, this is really cool. I was really not expecting this. Yeah, this is all out. The Baguio Christmas market, 2023. Yeah. My dreams come true. All I want for Christmas is food. Oh yeah, I like what you did there. Slide-dog. They used to call me the sliced Thai-style, the Slive-boy. Thai-tie. Where's that name from? I don't know. So they do it like a concert here on the weekends? Or what? Maybe. Wow, there's so many different things that you can't even tell what they are by the name. Like what the heck is? Moulin Rouge. It's a road. It's a glass, so it's a stealth glass. Oh. So they get 25% bonus when steaming. That's how it's fried. It's sick. Great. Oh, yum. What is that? It's like a quesadilla. Some sausages. Interesting. There's somebody sausages. Lunch and sip. Price overload. Phojo. Parfays. Interesting. Fritz crackers. Coffee. Why don't they have crackers? Oh, there's a woman up there. Oh. Hello, woman. There's a woman up there. Hello. Wow, they really built this whole thing for a prize in Parkour. We had that, that, that Iple tower was on top of a Paris. Like a, like a French food place. I actually think we've been on both of these. We're clogging. Yay. It's a climb. Yay. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. It's kind of scary. I want to leave. Give it a hug. Ice cream fries. There's like weird combo. Milk tea. Milk tea. Yes, some of the places are like one specific thing and then some of them are like 20 different things. Yeah. And they're like really out there. I mean, I saw a place that was Pancit, Palabock, and Turon. Oh, and it's like the mommy here is 65. It's not like overpriced. Wow. Boggy has a spot. Fruit. What do you have? You can have fruit. Oh, I mean fruit. It's ice cream. Hey, yes. Okay. It's their theme song. Bungie. Blue Dose. Ah. We're going to keep walking. We might come back. Yeah. We'll be back. Yeah, we'll be back. Oh. Okay, he's got a mic too. What is this? Bread. Bread. Oh, fruit. It's pretty painful. Which one do I need? This one's here. It's the chocolate caramel one. And the other one is kiwi bread. And the last one is red velvet. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry. I had to move the chocolate. Thank you. Chocolate's yummy. Kiwi is unique. It's interesting. That is interesting. How much? It's very interesting. That is interesting. How much are those? For the loaves, it's probably the only thing I'm trying to fill in on this aisle. Okay. Two people on there, but they also have the loaves. It's awesome. It is like a cookie. Okay, awesome. Thank you. Where do you want it? 5-3, get one free. A lot of loaves. That is a lot of loaves. It's like the shine gold hardwoods. Oh, they have whole boxes of nothing. That was a good muffin. It was more yubi-y as unique. That might be something to get at the end when we leave. We can take them back. Yeah, yeah. Thank you. This is yoke egg sandwiches. Wow, we got a lot of stuff. I'm in Curly and Press by this place. Oh, this place is just like a convenience store, basically. They don't do they have they have cotton candy, right? Right. Yeah. People have cotton candy. Interesting. Kitchen in Cafe has a Packers thing. That's a very random thing. Oh my gosh, we need to ride that thing immediately. I get them to take a booth. Wow. I might be a cafe that that's... It's kind of like the... What's it called? The one in a candy kingdom. Space Shuttle. Space Shuttle, yeah. Woo! Woo! Woo! Alright, since our candy kingdom video did so well, we have to go back and ride the space shuttle 20 times in a row. Easy. I'm ready. No puke challenge. No puke. This is my type of ride right there. Look at that speed. Unbelievable, we slow. The children that are riding that ride can walk quicker than that on their own. Wow, that was just half of it. Yeah, my gosh, there's all this over there now. There's a place called the Basta. What do you think? What do you think? Basta. Do you think it's Basta's Boston food, Bastonian food, or is it pasta? I think it's Boston pasta. Boston pasta? Hey, I'm from Boston. Give me a pasta. Hey, play around here if you can call them Bastas. Give me a Basta. That sounds like it would be like a sandwich, like a pasta sandwich. Yeah, it would be. Give me a pasta. Give me a coffee in a lobster roll. Oh, and with some clam chaff. I've never been to Boston. I haven't either. Dang Boston. Oh, voted Best Burger in Baguio. Oh. Is it better than the 50s diner, then? I have a feeling probably. Probably. Moe. Moe. What are we doing? Moe. Hey, what are you doing? Joe Schmoe. Fried ice cream. Is this a real fried ice cream, or is this the nitrogen ice cream? Nope. Nope, it's the nitrogen ice cream. In the van, we totally thought it was going to be deep fried ice cream. I didn't think that was called the roll. It tasted kind of weird too. Yeah, it wasn't that good. Kind of tasted like the chemical it was cooked on. Now we just have this tooth pick. Hey. I'm a mop. So, so far, what's the most intriguing thing to you? I don't know. I'm overwhelmed to say the least. There's a lot. Not only just overwhelmed by the sheer amount of food, but the sheer amount of people, colors, lights, sounds. I am overstimulated. Estimulation, extravaganza. Oh my gosh, I even got a water fountain going off. I can't handle this. This is the first water fountain that we've seen in the Philippines that's been on. The new slogan. Love the Philippines. Wow, I had to change it. What was wrong with the old one? I guess it's just not more fun in the Philippines. It's like when we tried in White Island to go to the other part of White Island and they said no, it's not more fun. Well, we're coming to a close here, but right after this market, we're also going to be able to go to the actual boggy out night market. It's a rich cheesecake. Fresh mango, Graham, shake. White one, take one. Is that actual buy one? Oh, the buy one take one just happens to be more money. I don't think they understand the concept of buy one take one. What is this? Oh, it's a barbecue. All right, that's the Christmas village. All right, well then. Come over, well. We have decisions to make. All of them are familiar faces. You're really getting close up on the pours today. I need better skin care. Tiktok food? Tiktok. Uh, Chinese vegetable thing. Are they better than veggie straws? Let's find out. We got to get different ones. What the fuck is that? I think there's only one way to eat this. Oh, no, no, no. Anything to the dry vegetable. I'll try a different one. This one looks like a french fries. Oh, it's hard. Jeez, why is that so hard? This kind of tastes like sweet potato. Oh, it's so hard. Pretty good. I just think I'd rather have a not dried version of what I'd just say. Oh, weird. What is this? It's a date. Oh, a date? I'll be sweet then, right? It almost looks like an acorn. I think if you took the normal fruit or vegetable, made it way harder to chew and took away some of the flavor. I remember it was salt. Yeah. Ah, that's okay. If you don't like wet vegetables or fruits, this is your go-to. Time to hit the runway. Let's go. All right, next on the list, TikTok trend, dried ice cream cone. I don't know why you dry ice cream. I don't know why. We had breeze dried ice cream, which is a long time ago. Awful. Unfortunately, lots of footage, but we basically almost choked and died. It was awful. It was a little like a piece of chalk, biting into a piece of chalk. How the heck do you... They also freeze dried ice packaging as well. Okay. Hey. Oh, okay. Is this one popping? Ha-ha. Slightly too large. Oh, okay. Look at the vanilla. Like sugary fudge, kind of. It doesn't have any fudge taste, but has it consistency of fudge? What the fudge do you say to me, your fudge? Fudge you, mother fudge. That's okay. I think I'd rather have the real thing, but those you can pop them. Poppable. It's like a breeze dried sundae cone. If you know what that is, those are delicious. And they got peanut time. Look at all these things. Howdy fellows. I got some European food here. I got a gyro, a euro. First time I've gotten one of these in a Philippines. Honestly, not a bad price. For a unique food, it's like that. Only being 150 is the price of this here. Very wet. Smells delicious. Ooh. The sauce is amazing. And then you get the sweetness in there from the sauce. The chicken, nice and salty. And you get the vegetables in there to add this nice, like, mmm, very delicious. The bread on the outside is so soft. Very delicious. They're pretty small, but it'll have to do. And then another thing. This one's much bigger, but also the same price. A chicken snits all sandwich. Look at that thing. The bread. I gotta say. Bread in the Philippines. It can be decent. But that looks amazing. Ooh, look at the bread quality. Mmm. Whoa. Mmm. Mmm. I love that. The texture is so nice. It comes together so well. It's a nice, straight, right down. I'm not sure what this sauce is on here, but. It's kind of like, got some, like, chunkiness to it. That is really doing good. The chicken is a bit pink. What is interesting? But it's totally delicious. Hello. How do you find your food? It's good. It's very good. Hey, are you on vacation? Mmm, kind of. I kind of live in the Philippines. For now, I'm here for another six months, seven months. Wow. We're staying here for a month. What about it? So you enjoy lots of sandwiches. Mmm. Yeah. I'm enjoying it. Yes, thank you. Very delicious food. What a great start to the market. Hi, I'm Strattling a, uh, wall right now. And I'm, uh, got a Korean egg drop, egg sandwich. It's egg, some sort of sauce, some cheese, and a nice buttery bun. Even though it's big, it looks like a mini version of what we've got before. And it's hot. Oh, what did you do? I was like, oh, it's too wide. It's too wide. I locked my just. I felt it locking up like, oh, no. A board, a board. Oh, it's pushing a bit. I'm pretty good. The sauce really takes over the flavor. Some sort of like tangy mayo, I guess I would say. And it's pretty good. The bread's really soft. And on the outside, it's kind of crunchy. Inside, it's just super, super, super, super soft. The butter on there. That's pretty good. The egg is nice. Chees is delicious. It's the egg dropy. And the egg is pretty dropping. And the sauce is pretty saucy, and the cheese is pretty being cheesy. Sauty. I got a Hungarian quita sausage. I don't, I guess it's a quita. It's a little thin for a quita, but it's a, it's a, I tried to get only mayo and hot sauce. And, uh, they put mustard on it too, which I didn't, not ask for, but, you know, I didn't, I didn't catch it fast enough. I saw it picking up the mustard and I was like, I hope that's not going online. And then it went right on to mine. That's the worst. And then you don't want to be the person that's like, oh, I don't want mustard. And they have them remake the entire thing. Yeah, and waste the food. Yeah. That's unfortunate. That's very, very unfortunate. Hopefully this mustard tastes good on this. Right! The quita bread is actually pretty good. Now let's get into the sausage. It's spicy. It's not like spicy, like pepper spicy. It's like back in the throat, like outer spice. Dry spice. Yeah. Ice spice. I don't know why I need a verse on this. I don't either. Literally not. But it's actually, look at how thick that thing is. That's a thick daddy. It's seasoned well. I think the mustard gets ground out because I don't taste anything like it. Oh, hot. That's pretty solid. No, pita. I thought it was just a tortilla. But it's a little thicker and a little more pita-like than I thought. This is really good. It was about 120 for this. A lot of food is pretty affordable here. It's not bad. Really not bad. It's about the same as good taste for a lot of these items. And good taste was cheap. Hungarian sausage and baguette. You just down that sausage. You were a hungry, hidden gary and pie out. Alrighty. I'm going to eat it. Hey, everybody, you got a milk tea. It's taro flavor. Why not? That was pretty thanks. That was, that was dang. School of food. Tarot. How much was this? Uh, $1.69 for two. Buy one, take one? Yep. Jam. Yep. It's interesting. It has like a slight taro flavor. A lot of milk flavor. Really? Yeah, I mean, I guess. It's like slight taro. Slight sugar. But there's these random, like, not... Boba chunks of that are like, square. Oh yeah. Are they not a decoco? They must be. It's kind of weird. The mixture just had a bunch of pearls on it. They're not in there. They must be right now. It's not bad. Yeah, it's not bad. Not bad. Not bad. Not bad. You know, it sounds like good taste. Not bad. Do you want me to get a restaurant? Tidal. Not bad. Not bad. It's not, that's not a bad title. I can't have like a thousand different items. And they're not bad. They're shooting out smoke. What does this smoke mean? Vapenage. Vapenage. This is all just a giant vape ad. Do you like how loud I am? Vapenage. Oh. Vapenage. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Hello. Hello? Is there anyone there? No. That thing died. Or really? I was breathing into it. Yeah. Oh. Wow. Yeah, yeah, that's weird. That looks like a like resource all over it. It does or like something like that I guess. I don't know. They really made that thing cool It's city is really cool. It is looking at this right now This again the the cities we like the most are the ones that are super unique to the Philippines Like they feel like the Philippines they have the Philippines player But they're not like every other city and this one just I mean looking at this. It's so unique There's a lot of cities in the Philippines especially when you get to like mid-sized Probbent cities where you're like this is kind of Exactly the same as the last city we were in I'm green. Holy nuts. I want to be oh I think I'm gonna be blind now you can call me Donnie and because I'm blind Cane yeah or the sister's our words character. Yeah, he was blind in two movies I don't know it man. It says yeah I don't know if he's blind in that too Maybe he's just blind in real life and we never knew that's such a cool building that is really really cool I never you never think that you'd be shivering next to a lake in the Philippines. No, but we are doing right now We're shivering. All right. I'm gonna run into the darkness now even though I'm scared me again I'm so dark you can't even really see me We're gonna give him the night market now because What more do we need the more food right what go? transition Welcome to the baguio night market. It is busy. It's not some of the stalls have like 20 30 person line. This is definitely the cheaper of the two markets And I think that's why it's so busy. You get some fish balls for 10. This one's super than devout There's one's really cheap for how Tourist you boggy. I was I mean Ellie a lot of its domestic tourism. It's so cheap And I was talking earlier off camera. I was saying that like This is one place in the Philippines that the tourist tracks are all worth it. Yeah Baguio is really a place that makes it worth the money because first of all it doesn't cost that much and Second of all, they're all really cool And it's a totally different experience and third of all daddy Greg's is here daddy Greg Do you think that's daddy Greg right there? I think so should I walk up and be like daddy? And then he'll be like no Greg All right, then you can say Another one you coming big pack We have people in the comments that tell us occasionally guys Maybe don't eat too many street food because we don't want you to get all these number of diseases so we listen to those comments a bit and You know about my stomach so we're careful my E. coli belly is still there to this day For all the Filipino to did not watch our Indonesia series I also recently got food poisoning. So now we are both food poisoned and that messes you up for good When she get it from like the type of bacteria I think that comes from wherever the heck we got it mine has been messed up for almost two years Look at the swarm of light We're trying to go on the outside to hopefully minimize the lines But yeah, all the all the popular stuff inside for some reason Shorma here has the longest line other than Korean food which makes sense because Filipinos love Korean food and it's super cheap, but Shorma Forma make love to try some Shorma Even though you just had a euro. Yeah, maybe you'll have to try some Shorma even though you have the other euro Thank you How much for this? This one sir? Yeah, I think you want butter and salt Yes, please Can I have one more drink sir? One butter and salt? For your fronzer? For your US? Yeah Welcome Welcome to the UK Yeah, we are Yeah, we are Thank you, nice to meet you Thank you Yeah, we're all good, yeah What is this? What is this? Tri-fate Tri-fate Tri-fate Tri-fate Yeah, what is this one? White corn White corn No, it's a name, it's white Can we try that too? How much is that one? 50 pesos Okay, yeah, we'll do that too What do you want? Salty or milk? Oh Sugar coconut milk? Sugar coconut and salt What's better? Sugar coconut milk Sugar, we'll do that Sugar and coconut milk? Sugar and coconut milk? How do you like corn? I like that one Yes, mom, sir, let me try Thank you, sir How about drinks, sir? How about drinks, sir? Perfect, thank you Thank you, sir, absolutely drinks All right Thank you, sir Good morning Good morning Good morning Thank you, sir So what is this one? This one's a jelly cream, sir Really creamy One try? Yeah, how much? 30 pesos each How many? I just want Only one 40 pesos each 40 pesos each You got my 40? I got my hands The hands are getting full Thank you Thank you Now we have to find a nice well-lit corner I don't think that's going to happen No one's walking here I just need to somehow put this down So I can put this in the water I can bite it Oh, no It's like strawberry or Super sweet You'll have a stomach ache by the time you finish that Yeah, I mean, I just had a milk tea So this thing's definitely going to kill me I'm going to get another strawberry It's kind of like a Kind of like a Strawberry milk And a strawberry jello mix together It's really dank It's really sweet But it's really tasty I would drink this If I didn't just have a taro milk tea That was a Larger than this too And we have another sweet thing So that's fantastic That's really dank good I like it And I also have corn This is the first time we've ever had grilled corn in the Philippines We've had other variations But grilled is the first time here in Baguio And it's We're going to put it up I got butter and salt on it Oh, look at that It's like caramelized It's caramelized on there And these two sticks because it's so dank thick Here we go Whoa Whoa, it doesn't even taste like corn when it's grilled It kind of tastes like popcorn to me Which makes sense Yeah, because it's almost there It's grilled corn Maybe we put that on there a little longer It'd probably turn into popcorn That's really yummy Is it my favorite variation? Milk, like, American corn is just too dank good Cometan is undefeated But this corn is delicious And it's grilled and look at that Corn Okay, there's no roachers We'll look back and they'll be one They'll be a floater A floater, you say Alright, so we got like the milky sweet corn And they put the coconut sugar And then like, I don't think it was condensed milk It was like the evaporated milk, I think Make it creamier Guys, I knew condensed milk was sweet But I didn't know how sweet it was But one of those small cans Guess how many grams of sugar that has in it? 70 250 Wow, I think I know that's 70 I mean, this is literally just straight sugar Yeah So let's see what this is Like, oh, look at that It looks like mac and cheese Yeah, it's literally It smells like corn It's good Oh Sorry Oh, really hot You usually corn overpowers everything You get straight coconut first Like that like sugary coconut flavor first Really tasty By far the most unique preparation of corn we've had Not even close Is it as good as the Maizcu and Helio you had earlier today? It is better than that I will say If I didn't know beforehand that it was corn I would have liked it more I think Because usually I was supposed to eat corn with salt This is like pretty dang sweet So yeah, pretty dang good Very surprising Corn Corn on my teeth Can you see it? Hold there Well guys, we're gonna pet out the lines are super long And pretty much the super popular things here are the Shorma And the Korean food And we started waiting in a line for the Korean Japanese food Place And it just looked so long I was standing in line for at least 15 minutes And I tried to go pee in this bathroom But the privacy is very limited And I got scared and I didn't pee And the line didn't move But we got our corn, we got our strawberry drink And sweet corn, that's something new We decided we might just walk through this market a little bit Through the side Time to go thrift Wow, that is so packed Looks like it goes down there And then this is the way Left thing, this way Over with your head? A lot of people are getting these little things on the top of our head Hi Hi I want that duck one Get it now for duck I need to, I'll get it after they go Because it's kind of awkward if we walk back there after we said hi to them This is right here Becoming a predator like some other videos we've seen Here we go, here's all the occasional food Oh my gosh, Wisconsin Oh my gosh, Wisconsin Wisconsin, I'm gonna throw this cooler than Wisconsin, right? I don't Oh Guys, that's the second time I've hit my head today in Boggyau I think I've lost him Lost him, gap Chicago San Francisco Come on, man This is essentially the same thing that we did in DeVal, we just slowly Meandered through the stalls, looked at some of the clothes And then bought some sexy shorts though Yeah, you're acting like I didn't make the best purchase in my life That's true, should we show the unfiltered footage now? Uh, patronocluth of The clothes aren't really the things that interested me I want weird things like that, duck thing Uh, would you just say clothes don't interest you? I'm confused What about... We'll see, I might make a secret purchase To try on at the end of this video Uncertainty me? Uncensored? Right before the giveaway You can uh, you can uh, watch me try it on Uncensored? Uh, we'll see Do you want to keep that OF content real with? Hmm, we'll see There we go, we found it Oh no, oh no, I found that Come on, come on I don't think I could even record that I don't know if I'd want to show anyone that I don't want to be one of them, I look in the mirror Oh, this is really going, and going, and going And going, and going What are these magnets? Oh, there's some um, um, nice carvings right there Oh wait, how much is just one? 5K Okay, I'll just do this, just this one Thank you Wow, now you now have a souvenir from Bog The Boggers The Boggs Everybody's buying those there, what the heck? Holy nod Is this Tony? And then it's Sir Dan's here with him Oh Good, good, I'm a good singer You're so much a bad singer I'm done, I'm done Yeah, I'm going to keep it, 5-4 minutes, okay I have a pot I have a pot How much is it? 50, 50, you want a duck You got a lot of water, why you want it? I guess so Who is the red one? Oh rabbit Clifford? Yeah Oh, it's a deer It's a deer, it's a deer Guys, I don't know if you didn't realize this, but we're a uh, travel vlog channel with over 100,000 subscribers that has a stuffed duck character and all of, or a large portion of their videos So we have to wear this This feels really weird, it does I feel like it's going to fall out Mine is falling out There, oh, is mine good or do I need to? We're doing mine Uh, just sit up straight Nice falling It looks like it's going to fly out if you do that too much stuff We are ready This definitely will confirm our sexuality to everybody here Oh yeah, I really like these gays Guys, they want to comment that assume we are gay is absurd I wonder why If your sexual orientation is of the same sex and you don't like ducks I apologize for any offense given to you Wow, this place is so busy But at least we have new pets Thank you I was gonna say thank you Qui-Gon Very epic, but thank you Bag on? Bag, bag, bag Thank you Boramir, very epic Boramir is close to Baggy out right? Yeah, pretty much Very epic I have a stuffed duck New earring is acquired I didn't think I'd ever get my ears pierced I feel like a whole will eventually form But Free ear piercing Should I just rock the rest of the day with this? Oh yeah, easy It might permanently damage my ear lobes But You can't be rocking in the free world man Can't be rocking Thanks for watching everybody That's our video here Just kind of walked through lots of cute earrings And ate a lot of food Hopefully you enjoyed Another night in Baggy out Next video, more frag in Baggy out Hopefully you enjoyed Bye Oh my gosh Oh, oh, oh, everybody It's another giveaway Mayor Chrysler You were sleeping out there I always sleep in this room It's where my bed is Huh? It's a hard floor There's nothing about pillow Discomfort Grows into Seek discomfort Alright, we got another video To give away for you This is on good taste Wow, good taste Guys, my taste is pretty good Yeah, it tastes pretty good I love some good taste so Today we're giving away some of your Some of some more Pezos and such 200 pezos for two people Isn't that grand? Who's gonna get visited by Santa Claus today Let's find out There's 153 people Here we go St. Nicholas St. Nicholas St. Nicholas St. Nicholas I just hope it tastes good Got me Well, it did taste good It did taste good Oh, oh, oh, oh You win, 200 pezos Oh, reply to your comment Make sure to respond Alright, next, here we go Oh, oh, oh Vincent Vincent Argonne-Celo 2834 Did you eat all that? So much rice guys We ate all the food Part like the vayan But not the rice That was a lot of rice And the rice quality wasn't to our standards We have high quality standards for rice now I'm here to join with your tea Yeah, okay You're here Yeah, I was good You also won I'll reply to your comment too Thanks a lot, chin everybody The next on this video, we're giving away some of those items we received in the last video And maybe some pezos as well We'll determine based off the quality of the goods See you in the next one Oh, oh, oh, Mary Chrysler You guys want me to keep working Yep, go ahead, keep working on those toys The children are gonna need Us things to sacrifice this year Oh, oh, oh Oh Duck Hang in there I'll get you out Oh, no It's a lie, it's a lie Hang in there I can't help you now But I'll be back Oh shoot