 Man, I love the Philippines! Huge, huge, huge thank you for all of you. Giving your energy, your time, your heart, your everything to keep us all safe and healthy. What's up Philippines! What is up guys? Welcome to a brand new reaction video here on our channel. It's nice to see you again. Nice to be able to put a smile on your beautiful faces out there. If you know around here, I'm Mike. And I'm Nelly. We do travel food and lifestyle vloggers based in the beautiful city of Manila. By the way, our main channel making it happen vlog is dangerously close to hitting 500k. We are literally on the road to 500k and you can make it happen by hitting the link that will pop up right here. Hitting over to making it happen vlog. Hit that subscribe button. Watch our recent video. We just literally just bought a condo here in the Philippines to start our family. And you don't want to miss out on that one. Also, I got engaged. We got engaged. We got engaged. I got engaged. I got engaged. We got engaged in Barakai and it was a very beautiful emotional trip. So definitely also check out that video. It'll also pop up right here. But Nelly, what are we reacting to today? Okay, today we're reacting to a video that I have seen popping up on my feet, in my recommendations. You guys sent it to us. And it is what the world would do. What the world would be like without the Philippines. What? What the world would do without the Philippines. Yeah, what would the world do without the Philippines? And I have to say it's very intriguing. I want to find out what? What would the world do? Right, right. So the like two videos. This one video that's what would the world look like without the Philippines? Or is that this video? It's the same. It's the same video. Okay. Alright, it's jump right into this, right? Is this recording? I can't see it. It better be, yes, recording. It is recording. Should I YouTube our problems? Alright, since we didn't start the video yet, at the moment, hit that subscribe button. I know over 60% of you guys that come back every single day to watch our reaction videos aren't actually subscribed. So hit that subscribe button right now. It's free. It's free. It helps us. And you'll see when we upload a new video. And also turn on those notifications. But Mark, let's jump into this. Okay. There is one country in the world that has taken for granted more than any other place. This country is home to the kindest individuals with an incredible love for life. They're responsible for inventing video calls, baby insulators for rural areas. And they also play a massive role in the invention of chips that we use in so many of our confused videos today. I have no idea. This country has citizens living all over the world to help you and I to help the elderly, the sick, the poor, and many of them go totally unnoticed. Very true. And I told you that they are taking for granted a meeting with scarce opportunities and many family members make the top decisions to go and work on the scenes so that they can better provide for their loved ones. Yeah, true. The filipera government has catalyzed on this phenomenon as actively exporting people for profit, bringing over $30 billion a year into the country. In fact, the filipans is the top supplier of nurses in the world with about 25% of all overseas nurses coming from the world. Wow. And it's 25 during the pandemic. The demand for people to be here is a versus high-end financial aid. Without the filipans, the world might not have something like this. The total land tax of 300,000 square kilometers. These breathtakingly beautiful islands are known for their agriculture and their home to over 35% of the world's culture. That is true. Yeah, 35%. It's really, I thought it on the fin's nose video. A mouth of the dwindling supply of coral reefs that we have left. The lushest soil on the islands is so rich and fertile that crops can be planted all year round. So with no filipans, there would be a huge shortage in the production of imported coconuts, bananas, and tropical fruits from all around the world. As a blossoming and devaluing tech giant, the Philippines is known as the text capital of the world where the country sends in excess of 400 million text messages and just so you could get a sense of how much I love this country. There are two things that you should look at. The heart, wrenchingly, intimate care that families give their illness as a country with massive, massive poverty issues. Many families are not able to afford care. So caring for those who have reached an older age has become deeply embedded in the background. It's all about the family. The Philippines is the gold standard in Asia for how women should be treated as society. The global gender, background, and the Chinese young and the Philippines are growing. Wow! I didn't love that! The growing Arlenees Asian creatures are growing. Beating the U.S. and many other countries around the world. Good job, Philippines! The world would be less flavorful and so nearly as charming and definitely a lot less magical. So in order to sustain one of the most important and resourceful bases on earth, we need them. We also come to meet that beautiful country. There are beautiful places that are not as beautiful as the other countries. There are beautiful, many different top situations and there are many places that are still developing. And that's why so many families are being so romantic and so beautiful. What are we going to do now? In the beginning of this video, I said that the Philippines is the place and as well. That is most taken from London and I stand by that statement. A big part of my company, free and familiar in Spanish, is employing people within the Philippines. These people are a big part of my heart and I made this video to show my massive gratitude to one of the people I believe in. Please join me in thanking the Philippines and right, thank you Philippines. That's nice. Nice initiative. I hope you have one to acknowledge today. Let's share this video to show appreciation and to show the rest of the world what an amazing place the Philippines is. My name is Rita Piliyah and thank you so much for watching. Wow, yeah, so I was wondering what your connection to the Philippines is now we know. Yeah. Obviously. Man, I love the Philippines. I love the Philippines. It's so surprising to think of the health system worldwide without the Philippines. It would just collapse. During this pandemic we had so many of our Filipinos, viewers messaging us from different countries. What the situation is in their country. How it's handled with the pandemic. And the majority is in the health industry. So huge, huge, huge, thank you for all of you. Giving your energy, your time, your heart, everything to keep us all safe and healthy. I think that needs to be said more often. And a percent degree. I also love the fact that women are treated. Because in the Philippines we have seen a lot of female leaders in high positions. True. Which is not always the case. The male of Makati is a woman. She's a female. We don't have that high percentage in Austria. Huge thumbs up Philippines. Alright guys, if you enjoyed this reaction video, be sure to give it a thumbs up. Subscribe if you are new. As I said, check out our main channel making it happen blog to see many of the reasons why we love this country. And you'll see many of the places that we've explored in this beautiful country. And yeah, that being said. See you guys next time here all. What's up Philippines? Bye bye.