 Hey guys and welcome back to another juicy react before this video starts We want to thank you so much for clicking on the video today if you are new around here We know that around what's presented on this channel? I think around 60% I think it's on 80 more 80% but I might be wrong 80% of you got yeah I'm subscribed when you watch these videos. It's free. It really helps us out It's a very small quickly for you to do so before you continue to watch this video Scroll down click that little red subscribe button turn the bell notification on to be notified every time we upload a video And that will make our day so now that you've done that welcome to another juicy react today We have five awesome pinoy riders and random acts of kindness So this is gonna be some a little compilation of sometimes of random acts of kindness from Filipinos I'm here in the Philippines and if you're new around here also we are in vanilla right now And we have another main channel so I'm talking so much you haven't actually got a word in it's ways yet I will continue we have our main channel the juicy vlog that is more about our kind of daily life here And I mean it used to be more about travel we're starting to travel a little bit more now We've been to Barack Hope into the halls if you like that kind of vlog feel free to head over to the link below and check it out But without further ado Okay, we're gonna get on this one random acts of kindness. All right. Let's see By the way, thanks for requesting this one all our videos on this channel are requests If you want to send something in for us to react to please send us a message over on Instagram It's like with DJs and we take song requests or singers. It's like you've got any requests last time Would do it. It just takes us like a few weeks to get through. Okay, three two one Right power point and it's finest top five. Okay What's happening here? Not sure yet Oh, he's pushing him along This is broken down. Wow, that's so cool with a foot. I don't know you could do that. It's awesome That's so cool. And then this is what guys like protecting it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's nice These are all like candid moments just caught on camera. I love this kind of stuff This is good because like these people Oh, he's letting them Oh, he's been like an escort like letting them through right ambulance oh, I think this is a Oh I think that's just a normal guy riding his bike. Yeah, and he's helped him get the ambulance through without being asked Without knowing he's also being filmed both hands You can hear the ambulance that's so nice. Yeah, I think that he would have been asked to do that We've actually seen this in person a few times. Do you remember that person up But I'll take off and try to help an ambulance through because it was really bad traffic. Oh, yeah, that's true So nice People listening to it on that Wow Just get people's attention I think That's really good That would have been a really big problem. Yeah, we saw an ambulance. Yeah, look it could save someone's life This the speed it's doing it to be like that That's really good It's good. Yeah, that's true. It's good. It's good. What's it's good? That's what I gave him away. Yeah, that's what I was filming. I think Yeah, technology That's a big help Oh, I went back to hell I'm a force Oh, this is the this is the same one for the other one. No, it's not fine Oh This is right as isn't it? Yeah, I was like why they all on bikes That's nice fellow riders helping each other out I like that I've never thought that you could push in on the bike No Oh, I'll take them to the gas station. They just run out of fuel. There you go mate. See you later. You're on your own now. Have a good one So nice That is really nice. Yeah, I want to see more of this but like maybe people in cars or nothing. Oh, they're vehicles Helicopters whatever Can be difficult crossing roads sometimes That's so fine. So you wasn't pushing him into a chair originally he just did it We saw that you know remember we saw a guy helping all the guy across the road and they had to go underneath a barrier See these things get filmed but they are just candid bit they happen in real life all right Because we've seen it many times yeah Wow, and it's a busy road as best dangerous. I know. It's doing it for help. That's so nice. So nice It's not the uh, it looks like on the way to vanilla bay but yeah, maybe not maybe there's too many lanes Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard I don't know maybe I'll be both trucks coming this way so maybe not I don't know Oh trying to get a robust so nice I would have made it a way better sure I Beacon imagine these truck beeping now and why are you stopping? They can't see what's going on Yep scooters always find their way around anything. Yeah This is so funny because we drive in Manila a lot. Yeah, we're kind of relating to like all this traffic and stuff I'm not even letting go in front Yeah, yeah Really nice. I love stuff out there because it that was so candid And if you can do something like this to help someone's day today try and do it. Yeah, let's pass this on We'll try and do this if we have an opportunity today something like that Um if we go out and about but yeah, all right. Thanks for thanks for that one if you Send that one in we do appreciate it But anything else you want us to react to send us some messages to grab anything until we don't like Like we do so many different things. We do like singing videos We do compilation food nature and geography staff history stuff It's like a little class wrap. We love this channel because we learned so much we learned so much from these videos This is like us going to school and learning about things because that's really nice And we enjoy sharing if you guys so thanks to everyone who watched this channel We appreciate it subscribe if you're not subscribed already give this one a thumbs up and we'll see you in the next juicy react You