 Hello everybody and welcome to the content, Junkie. I'm looking at more Filipino acts. I was passed on this one. That's what friends are for. Pronouncing this name, limo, lanes and friends. I've probably pronounced it wrong as I always do, but I know you don't judge me. Thank you for that. Okay, we're gonna jump straight in. This has 7.1 million views. This is one year ago. Let's see what it's all about. I've not seen any of these, so I have no idea what this is. Here we go. Hey, you all right? Do you love the song now? Do you love the song? I'm gonna have it. You know that you love the song. Perfect. Sam and her and Junkie, we're gonna have a picture. What's the name? Here we go. Hey. Hey. What's the name? I'm not a fly. Hey, what's the name? I'm not a fly. I'm a fly. And it's all the same. I'm not a fly. I'm not a fly. I'm not a fly. I'm not a fly. I'm not a fly. I'm not a fly. I'm not a fly. I'm not a fly. I'm not a fly. Now too many of you love you. And I should have ever gone away. Well, we'll go to Ryan's and try to be in the way we need you today. And if you can't remember. No, you can always go on me And for sure, that's what press up for Ah, it must be so much fun to be in the Philippines. I'm just thinking now, you'd never need to pay to go and watch an act. I mean, obviously you want to see your favourite people. But I'm guessing you can just walk around and walk past people's homes and there's just karaoke happening. That's what it just feels like to me. That's what I always see. And you're just singing everywhere. It's just brilliant. I'd be very shy to get up and sing. I would be. I definitely need to have a holiday. Definitely need to have a holiday in the Philippines. This needs to happen. This is easy. I'm going to sing this song. I'm going to sing this song. I'm going to sing this song. I always sing it before, I think. I always sing it before I lose my mind. I always sing it before I lose my mind. I always sing it before I lose my mind. And that's what frets up all We've been times and we're times I'll be on your side forever Oh, if that's what frets up all You smile, you're shy No, when you get far away from me For sure, we must what frets up all Go ahead, rock it down And I'm in peace, go ahead I'll be on your side forever That's what frets up all We smile, we smile I know that guy, I think I'm gonna react to him, I think We're in all the ways that I'll be For sure, come to the end of the episode Oh, open up, you're gonna die That's your heart forever You dance with frets up all Go ahead, rock it down Oh, brilliant, I love this, brilliant The world is, and I'm the one who wants to be with you Roll the TV Yeah, punch it Awesome, awesome Okay, okay Oh, I mean, do you know what? Actually, I wanted to comment about it So, in some point in the comments of a video I posted two days ago Saying, oh, do they not have karaoke in your country? Yeah, we do have karaoke in England I think they do differently in different countries It's like here in China there's a lot of small boobs Where you go in or like rooms where it's just a group In England, it takes over a whole bar I think it seems to be the same for you guys You have someone come in, they set up and then someone presents it And then we have karaoke there But what I love when I watch you guys is I can really see the enjoyment and the love you have for music It's not pretentious in any way As where sometimes I've found in England If you're a good singer, it becomes a bit pretentious You know, people get out of this thing and they know they're a good singer And they kind of show off And then it kind of pushes away the bad singers You know what I mean? So I think there's not the openness of just enjoyment Not everywhere, I think this is probably maybe it's an minority Maybe it's just what I've gone through But yeah, we do have karaoke, obviously we have karaoke And like I said, I love Abys just, these are some amazing singers And they're just having fun, they're just enjoying it I actually dislike taking part in karaoke in public areas Because people always kind of expect me to sing because I'm a singer I actually really enjoy the, for instance, last Christmas Me and my friends went and got a room together There's about 15 to 20 of us And we all sang karaoke together And I wasn't trying to show off And they weren't like, you know, some of them were, some of them were good singers And we just had a good time And that's what karaoke's about, I think that's what is about But you guys are just awesome at it I haven't ever seen somebody else sing where you are But well, yeah So yeah, guys, no critique, just me loving it And loving Filipino accent, sharing Filipino accent Just before this, I posted an act of some Filipino singers in China That I'm friends with So please go and hit the link for them Okay, go and click on them and subscribe to them If you could do that for me, that would be awesome And I'm just gonna leave it there Have a great day and it's almost Christmas Christmas is coming, we've started decorating So yeah, I'll see you later Bye-bye