 Mewa Mewa Hai guys welcome back to my channel how you are doing I hope you all are doing great Today's another wonderful day I'm going to be doing a reaction on another Filipino child She's singing in the mall with group of people Goddard to watch her sing I'm so excited I love to react on videos like this I feel like there are some people voices that need to be heard I'm going to be leaving the link to this particular video In the description box of this video please go check out the page for that If you're new to this platform you love my reaction Hit that subscribe button Don't forget to click the bell icon so you don't get to miss out It's time to bring amazing people like this Your dose step Without wasting most of your time let's see what this leads to get her photos Oh Wow It's a good I love you I Love I Love I Love I Love I Love I Love I Oh This girl is good Her confidence is what I'm just looking at She's no shy She's so bold And the way she's holding the mic She's holding the mic so confidently Filipino style guys are so talented You are amazing Let's keep watching I Love I Love I Love I Love I Love She's good Her voice is so nice honestly Wow I really love her Love I Love I Love I Love I Love I Love I Love I Love in 2 I Love Wahi wo hanna jiko,クワラーな whaning The demon… Senpuan huga gawanin nitsi-pou wa e annin Hussi mo mangaila répa Ga ma'al chiha bar Nabring and front Un Onneslie, she is good, she is good If she can sing the Note Movie like this at this age, man ajat or ap 快 Nihari. Lai, let me know what you think about her in the comments section. I think she just made my day. I loved her when she was singing, her boldness for me, her confidence, not being shy in the shopping mall and people are just watching her. She's just singing with so much proudness on her that is what makes this video so amazing. Let me know what you think about her in the comments section. If you new to my channel, you are welcome. If you love this kind of reaction and you want to see more, hit that subscribe button. Don't forget to click the bell icon so you don't get to miss out. Each time I bring amazing people like this, you don't step. Remember guys, I always love you guys. Peace out.