 The cost of living in the Philippines. How much? Ah yes. Today we figured we'd check out the cost of living in the Philippines for what it would cost for us once we end up going there because we're probably going to stay there for a few months. At least see how we like it, see check it out, but how much to get a cost? Let's let's see what the cheddar cheese we're going to need is and it'd be a very interesting screen no from some of the things we've seen as a bit cheaper but we don't know like the specifics of like what things are cheap. Yeah so we'll see. So let's see what this guy has to say. It looks like he'd be an American who moved to the Philippines so his costs may be similar to ours. Yeah. Let's see what he says. Let's play, do it. If you enjoy, subscribe, like the video. Oi. I don't know why suddenly. It's not American. Let's go. What's up guys. Today I'm going to be revealing the cost of living for us personally here in the Philippines. You're going to want to watch all the way to the end of this one because we're going to be adding everything up and giving you the grand toll. How much is the cost of living here in the subbu area of the Philippines for me and my girlfriend? Actually let me know in the comments anything else you want to know about either moving to the Philippines, living in the Philippines. I don't know any little thing that might be a question because I want to do more videos sort of in between the travel videos of lifestyle and literally living lifestyle. Over a year, this video will likely attract people who aren't normally on the channel. My name is Cody and along with my girlfriend, Eiza, we are travel vloggers here in subbu Philippines. We really focus a lot on trying to help other people travel, help other people do the same things that we're doing. So I hate it. Unless about just kind of clinging, showing off. We really want to help you be able to do the same adventures. So if you are in the middle of the video, you might be into it. Why is she in this pool if you can just swim in that river? Yeah, that river looks like it would be much easier to swim in. Yeah, come on. You went drown or not? I'm going to take you through a month of expenses for Eiza and I. So this is for both of us, we live here in this apartment and we live in Laon, Subbu. So do note that we live near the city of Subbu. We're not actually technically within the city limits. But we are very close to the city where almost as close as you can get without technically being in the city. Just know the prices will reflect that. Being in Subbu city does make things slightly more expensive than if you're deep in the province. Know that the prices that I'm giving you can vary significantly depending on you. This is just how it is for us or anyone who wants to live a similar lifestyle to what we're living. Well that would hold that. To live a fancier lifestyle. It's going to cost more or if you want a bigger apartment and an apartment closer to the center of the city, it's going to cost you more. But that being said, you could also get less here in the Philippines. You can really go either way. You just got to look around and budget things, make things work for you. The Philippines is really open to any budget. Not only could you make this more, you could make this less if you really wanted to. So every month on a rent, we're spending about 10k pesos. This is for our two-star apartment. Two-star apartment. Two bathrooms, a laundry room, a nice big, two-star, two-star, two-star, two-star, two-star combination and a balcony. It's actually a really nice place and this is actually a really good deal for 10k. I'm not going to lie to you. We got really lucky with this place. But you could find other things for around the same. When we were living in the city center last year, we were spending 16k on a one bedroom apartment with just one bedroom, one bathroom and one small kitchen. And a candle. It's going to change how much it costs dramatically. Utility. Okay, so I mean, in the city, they got one bedroom for 330. We got that two bedrooms. Can we get that at like 500? Yeah, that's a reasonable price right? I would take that. Five, even up to six, you know? Yeah. As long as it's a nice place. I would take that. I would take that. I would take that. So I wonder how much more expensive vanilla is compared to Sibuk. Yeah, because it was pretty big, but vanilla is big, big. Big boy. I mean, we were looking at places there and there were some, I feel like 700, 800 was kind of the around. This typical bill is that we have to pay every month along with a rent. First up is our water bill, which for the last month was only 224. Oh, wow. When we were living in the city center, it was around 800 pesos every day. Wow. Our electricity world. Our power bill. The last month was 1,350 pesos. Do note that we don't have an air conditioner right now. That helps keep that bill down. We only use fans, but Ezi and I are both using our computers with dual monitor setups, with the lights on and the fans running all day, every day, because we both work here from home. If you have an air con, it's going to cost more, but get with a converter. It won't cost as much. When we were in the city center, we were paying significantly more than this. We did have an air conditioner, but we didn't run it nearly all day, yet for some reason, we were paying 7,000 pesos a month, which is insane. I don't know what that was about, but it was so much better here. For our internet, we're 30 megabytes per second, fiber on globe. We are paying 1,899 pesos per month. As far as cell phones, we're actually really weird with our cell phones, so this is going to be really low. You're probably going to pay more than this, but just know that we only do prepaid and we typically always stick to Wi-Fi. I don't actually load my cell phone every time. He does burn your phone. He drew a deal with my filter on dealers. 299 pesos per month. Six dollars. Enough data, enough everything that she needs to survive each month. Know that we do have a home phone as well. I didn't mention that a home phone comes with our, that $40 for the internet, so we have that as well if calls need to be made. Yours would probably be higher than that if you're wanting more data. One that I don't see a lot of people talking about when I've watched these videos is, these are extensions. If you're a foreigner living in the Philippines, you have to think about this. This is part of your monthly budget. For two months, the last time I went, it was 2,140 pesos, which I noticed this price go up and down. It seems different every time I go, just a little bit different. I don't really know what that's about. So just look this up before you go because it seems to change. For one month, when I cut that in half, and counted for one month, 1,070 pesos per month for these extensions, it's really not bad to be honest. As an extra build, you will have to pay if you're a foreigner living in the Philippines. For us, we're just like, forgetful. There would just be one day where we'd be like, we didn't extend our visas. It's not even the part that we would, I guess it's technically forgetting, but we would, for the entire month before it expires, the first 20 days of the month, we would be like, all right, we gotta go get this done. We gotta go get this done. And then the last week, we would just completely blank on it and then we'd be like, where are they going? That would be a very bad situation. I don't even know what we do. Somebody would have to show through us and give us on a fake or a kid us on a canoe and send us off somewhere else. She's into the ocean. And you don't have permanent residency. Groceries, this is our biggest build that isn't rent around 10,000 pesos per month. Sometimes we're a bit lower than that because like I said, we try to live pretty budget, but also I'm a bit of a fatty on the inside and I love food. So sometimes it is very hard for me to give things up. Another thing you have to think about here in the Philippines is drinking water. You can't drink the water in the Philippines. So our water bill, that's only for things like cleaning yourself, cleaning dishes, stuff like that. For our actual water, we buy gallons. For that, we are paying 30 pesos per gallon. That roughly adds up for one month. I'm guessing about 240 pesos. It's not that much. That's for a month of water and don't forget all of this stuff is for me and my girlfriend, EZI. So if you're only one person, some of these like the water, the groceries, all the best stuff will be cut in half. Transportation is another thing you have to do in the Philippines. How are you going to be getting around? This is one of those things where it comes down to really like, there's a lot of variation and how much this can cost you because you can be someone who's cool just taking cheap knees, buses, hobble, hobble, whatever you want to take to get to the places you need to go and you may not be going as far as us. You know, we drive a lot and we drive really far. So if you do that, it's going to be cheaper. If you're like us, we bought a motorbike back when we were in southern Laetay. It was a second hand bike but it was really new. It had less than 1,000 kilometers on it. We bought a straight car. But you try to just sell straight one of those. I can't even make a thousand pesos. I can't even cry to a normal bike. So we did not pay it all at once. So we actually would end up spending a bit more than that in the end because of interest. We were paying 5,000 pesos a month and we paid that for a year and then it was paid off and now we own the bike. So really, really worth it. You could also go the other route of buying a car and I don't really know anything about that. I know obviously it's going to cost you more but it also costs you more on gas because another bill for transportation is gas. If you're just driving a motorbike, yours might be cheaper than this. We spend around 600 pesos or $12 a month on gas. But we're driving really far. You could definitely get cheaper than that. Then we get into some of the other things that you might not have to worry about personally. But I'm going to list them here because they are part of our expenses at the end. I'll put a total for everything and then I'll also put a total without these last few on there because there's a good chance you're not going to have to worry about these. For, they'll be different for you depending on what kind of stuff you're into. So the first one is cat food. If you're new here, it's a cat food shop. When I say we own 10 cats. What's wrong with that? Self, we didn't set out to have 10 cats. It's just something that happened and I'm not going to retell it here. It just happened. It just happened. 2,835 pesos per month around there. There's a lot of cats. I mean, you can only spend around 50. Cats for a month. I think it would be more expensive than that back in America where I'm from. So I think it's still a pretty good price. For litter, you can do normal cat litter here but we actually get wood pellets. We order them online and we spend about 1,500 pesos per month on the wood pellets for the cat. It's just another expensive. You're going to have cats. You got to think about that. Then we get into eating at restaurants. All those pancakes. There's another one like this that can go anywhere. You can be a person who doesn't want to eat at restaurants at all. You don't ever eat out. And in this case, cut this one off. Or you can be someone who likes to eat out for every meal in which case I'm sure your grocery bill will be less. But this is going to be a lot higher for you. For us, we actually eat out quite a bit. And we're not eating at super, super fancy places. Like I said, we're about 100 pesos to 300 pesos per person. Oh, the thing that we never had before. And we've gone to two yellowies. In two different countries. Neither of them had it. Good supporting. No $3 USD to $6 USD. But know that that does go a lot further here in the Philippines and back in America. A $3 meal here in the Philippines. Bigger and honestly better than what you can find for $3 back home. We're thinking it's around $3,000 to $4,000 pesos per month that we spend. Sometimes we're out traveling and we'll see a really nice little restaurant that we want to try. And so that will add to this expense. Like the rice now. Yeah. Like the jellies. Like a rice disc. So it kind of varies. That's why I don't have an exact number here. You're carrying this around. I did it. For the moment at least something also that you may cut off because you might not be traveling. I don't know. Or you may be doing less travel than us. Or more. So this will need to be higher. But for us, it's about $5,000 pesos per month. Another thing that contributes to that price not being super, super high is the fact that we do a lot of unknown hidden spots here. And there are places that don't even have entrance fees or that actually helps a lot to keep that price low. And because it's a pandemic, we're actually not able to go to other islands. So we're not paying for plane tickets or ferry tickets and things like that right now. So you know, expect that stuff if you want to travel around a lot. All right, guys. And that brings us down to our totals. The first one I'm going to give you is for everything I just listed. This is me and EZI together. The two of us are grand total for on average. The music intensity picked up. You're in the Philippines. What is it? Right around 38,500 pesos. So 800 bucks for two people and they spent almost a hundred bucks on cat stuff. Yeah. And even if we like try to go expensive for it, we'd probably like max it 1,500. And that's probably going very expensive. Yeah. That would be like downtown Manila also eating out every day. And getting tons of groceries. All right. Or 800 dollars USD. Or how much like a gym membership would be? We need the two of us. True. Why would we need gym membership? We could just go chop down a tree, put some handles in it and just... Ah! Ah! We could, that we could chase like mouse deer for fun. Oh, and then we could like, I don't know too. 10 shall kill you. It's endurance. Don't forget the best to also travel. See amazing places. Do awesome stuff. Say how dry I am. See you out all the time. Yeah. All of the, I mean this includes rent and groceries guys. 800 dollars USD. You might want to think about the Philippines. Total without the cat food and without our travel expenses. Maybe closer to what you'll be spending. If you live sort of the same lifestyle as us but without cats and without as much stuff. You're right around 25,000. See. Wow. Okay. Or about $530 USD. Okay. Interesting. Not like rounding down. Actually when I round it, I round it up on everything to give it a little extra. $530 USD for a month. Guys, don't forget if you want to know more about... Alright, alright, alright. Wow. So we could really get it for 800 bucks. I mean I guess he's out of the city. Which we'd probably be in the city more often than us. Yeah, it's actually if you want to meet SP19. Yeah. Yeah, because we'll be like, yo, SP19. Let's hang out. Yeah. Definitely. Definitely not happened. But yeah, so it's really interesting because we're moving to Georgia next, well actually in like three weeks. And it's probably going to end up costing us around like, I guess I don't know how expensive grocery foods are there. Yeah. We'll be around like the low thousand, like 11 maybe. And that's one of the cheapest, possibly one of the cheapest places you can stay. And Philippines might be even cheaper. Yeah, so that would be pretty crazy. Philippines would have been one of our options to stay in a few weeks, but it's closed. Yes it is. I know it would have had like quarantine and stuff. We're pretty much our places the last we've been looking since like September where we wanted to stay. We were going to stay in Georgia that we're going to stay in Croatia and Albania. And then I mean the Philippines has been closed forever. So that was never really an option at this point, but we're going to stay in Thailand. It's just like so much crap. And then it was just like, okay Georgia. Yeah, we just chose it. So maybe if it opens up sometimes this year Philippines will head over. Let's just fly over for one day, get some Jalabi and then fly back. We should. That would be definitely worth our lives. We would get the full experience. We would get hollow. We would have it that day. It would be like $1,000 hollow, hollow. Thanks for watching everybody. Hopefully you enjoyed. If you did subscribe, like the video, let us know other Filipino videos. We should check out in the comments below. Also check out our blogs and our taste tests. We got to be posting those more often as we start to travel. Because travel. It's the lifestyle, the travel lifestyle. And COVID quarantines are going down. So travel for us is going up. More options of course. See you later. Bye.