 Hello everyone today's construction day 158. We had a good day off yesterday. We had a chance to sleep in just a little bit and we went out and did some shopping and got the truck wash, got the scooter washed. We actually found a new Japanese restaurant downtown, just one block off the boulevard. We just went for a walk. We went down late in the afternoon and parked the scooter and walked around the boardwalk area of the boulevard. And then we decided to go one block off the boulevard and just walk and see some of the shops and we seen this Japanese restaurant. The menu was posted outside so we stopped and we said why not we'll go in and give it a shot and we really enjoyed the food right? Yes it was better than the other one actually. It was authentic. It was really really good. What I liked about the sushi is it all looked very fresh and it was there on display for you to pick and then they made it in front of you. So you had an opportunity to watch, call it the sushi chef, making your sushi and it was visible. It wasn't in the kitchen and behind somewhere. It was right there visible for you to watch. We really liked that and the tuna looked really good. So that's what we had and we had two entrees. You enjoyed it right? It was very nice. Very good. Yeah it was very very good. So we're up here in the work site today. We've got our Wi-Fi installed so now our satellite TV and Wi-Fi both are installed all within the walls in the conduit, you know done correctly. So we're very pleased about that. There's two new guys up on site working on a ceiling but unfortunately three guys out. So two steps forward, three steps back but things are getting done. So we'll go ahead and get you guys some updates. Alright so the entire roof, all the firewalls have been completed, 100%. So now what they're doing is they're going back and anywhere it's a little light. So you can see the difference here, to say right here, it's a little lighter here. So they're just going back and just touching up the spots. Then if you remember this was all the other day, this was all exposed conduit going from one level of the roof to the next. So they went ahead and filled that in with cement on Saturday with waterproofing in it with the Sahara in the cement and then they put a coat of that membrane on it this morning and let it dry. So now he's going to come back through with another coat and do another real good coat over top of this because that cement is only about an inch thicker so over this conduit. So they're going ahead and put that membrane on there as well. But the roof should be in a real good shape now because now the chance of this concrete wicking and allowing any water in should be slim to none. Yeah, Dino did a real nice job. We put a real, this is a second layer of the membrane over top of that area where all the conduit went in. So that's good. So once that dries that should be in good shape. Now today we have the guys running the fiber so they ran the fiber all the way up the mountain. And this is our secondary pole that we don't use for electricity. It's feeding a Janelle's house and Marcellus house and then it goes up the mountain. So what they're doing today is they're running the fiber down and they have a small piece of PVC. And what we're going to do is we're going to run it from this pole right to here and it's going to be under the overhangs. Now this overhang of the main room, it overhangs a couple of feet. So the ceiling is not in yet so it's perfect time to run the fiber in and it will go up underneath this overhang. It'll be above the ceiling because the ceiling will come out from the main room and come out here with the cement board to seal this off. But we'll be running the fiber all the way across the span of the main room. So here is the completed look of our satellite and you can see the install. We install here on the side of the firewall and then they ran the cable alongside the firewall itself all the way down. So it hits the conduit here that we have going down into the main room. So this is going to be the exact same conduit that the fiber that they're starting to run now is going to run under the overhang. So here's the overhang right here and then it's going to come out and then I'm going to ask them to have it come up here and then turn and be just like the cable. Run along this side and hopefully they brought clips like the cable guy did and then run the fiber right down. Now we have a tie wire all ready to go. So once we hook up the fiber we'll go inside the house and then this pull on this metal wire and it will pull the fiber straight down into the main room. Cross our fingers. Alright so we just came down from up on the roof and we did pull the fiber down the conduit. It came through no problem. We got a lot of excess right here. So now what they're doing is they're just zip tying it along with the cable for the satellite. We're running right along the conduit here and then we already had a tie wire. We're coming through here all the way down to here. So it was very easy for them. So they just hooked the fiber to the tie wire, pulled it through and it took one minute, less than a minute to pull through and now they're bringing a fiber through because this is where the main modem and the main Wi-Fi unit will be here in the main room. So the guys are getting it done. So today we got a little movement on the ceiling. So we got two new guys here. They were here in the very beginning of the build. Ivan and Senior. So they're starting to work on the ceiling here. And they're being very cautious as you can see. They come in close but we're just making sure and they're making do. They're reaching over. It's a little bit of a challenge but they're going to be able to come across here no problem. So we left this side open for the Wi-Fi. But the Wi-Fi was run today. So they did get it hooked up. So there's a modem box and here is our megabytes per second. So that's more than sufficient for just Wilman eye. Went on Netflix, no problem. Went on YouTube, no problem. Upload, download is fine. So another thing off the list. So now we want to concentrate in getting this ceiling installed. Looks a little bit like a science project but they are starting to drain the water. They got a sump pump and they're draining the water out today. And they also brought up a pressure washer. So we're going to go and start a pressure washer and all this inside here get it all clean to get ready for tile. And all our coping tile, the mosaic as well as the mosaic tile for the design on the side and for the design in the middle of the pool was told that it's all in. And the contractor will start bringing that up this week. So the tile is in the remaining tile, the mosaic tile for the pool. So the guys that will be actually doing the tiling are just hopefully a week or two away and we'll start getting this tile completed. Alright, three panels are finally completed. They were able to cut the rebar today, the remaining rebar. And you can see the fresh cement here. We had that one more to top off. So this is finally completed. So now we're ready for Janelle to do the backfill and the rocks once he's done with the back drainage. So Sunday, as you guys know, is our down day. And I always mentioned it's a wash, the truck day. So you can see how good it looks. And we had a viewer question saying that we live so close to the ocean. Did we get our truck under coded? And the answer is yes. When I actually bought the truck, I had planned to get it under coded right away. So I actually made an appointment in LATI to a place in Ormock City. This is where I bought the truck in Ormock City. And they actually used a 3M product that I was used to because I always had my trucks in the US, my Toyota's always under coded. So I wanted to try to find a 3M product and they actually did not carry 3M at the misabeshie dealer. So I did find a place in Ormock and I actually made an appointment to get the truck under coded and I didn't even buy the truck yet. So the day I picked it up, I took it straight from the dealer and took it right to the place to get under coded. So I didn't drive the truck around at all. Just so that the underneath was as clean as possible. But they actually put it up on the left and did a power wash anyway. But they said it was the cleanest truck they ever seen. I said, well, it's because I drove right from the showroom right to their shop, which was literally maybe two miles tops. They went ahead and got under coded right away. I was really surprised. They put so much paper around and taped so many things off like the tires and wheels. They really did a nice job. So yes, the truck was under coded. The same day I picked it up from the dealer. All right. So Janelle is doing a nice job here with the drainage. He's got the wall up and then he's got the three blocks high rendered with Sahara and he's got the gravel in place. So he's just wrapping up doing the last little bit there of rendering. And then we'll be ready to put the concrete basin. So what I did was I just ran out when I got five more bags of Sahara concrete water proofing because he used five bags for the whole wall, five bags of Sahara. So I said to him, why don't we use Sahara in the concrete itself? That's going to be right on top of the gravel. And again, it just makes it waterproof instead of the water just soaking through the concrete over time. Now it is pitched so it should run. But the compound here is pretty cheap. 60 pesos a bag, five bags, so that's 300 pesos. That's about $6. So $6 additional dollars to waterproof the concrete that goes all the way down and back of the house. So we're going to go ahead and do that. So what it looks like will be actually pouring the concrete here tomorrow. Look at the kids. One boy, one girl. So we're doing good. A couple days old. Look at this one. It's all tan in the front and darker in the back. And then this one is light all the way. So my mom is pretty good. She doesn't mind me petting them at all. Now if the door comes around, like Sandy, for example, then she gets very, very protective. But just one here I've been watching. I was up on the roof quite a bit today. And this guy likes to jump. Jumping around already. So just a few days old. Mommy don't, mommy being around at all. So two new members of the neighborhood, little boy and a little girl. So I guess we're going to have to name them. So any suggestions? Let me know. So I have them back here in the dirty kitchen in quite some time. So they're having a hell of a time getting the rebar and the excess steel. So you can see it here. You got a piece of rebar there. Piece of rebar there. Let me zoom in. Right there and right there. And then there's another piece of strapping there. It's not doing anything. So they're working on cutting that out. But since the roof is on, they're struggling with it a little bit, but they're getting it. We've got a couple panels done. They just completed that one. So they're just going down, removing all the excess steel. And then they'll putting a topping and getting that all straight in level. So that'll look good once it's completed. All right. So Dino's wrapping up the roof. But the last step. I didn't know they were going to do this. I just actually borrowed some of that. But they put this aluminum foil tape on all the joints for the flashing. And you know, I'm first glance, I said, I'm taping going to work. But this is the stickiest tape I've ever seen. I mean, look at the glue that's left behind from this tape. So what I did was I said, Dino, give me a few inches of that. What I did was this is fiber comes up and goes down. And I did put a plastic piece of plastic over top of a conduit here. Because now we don't need to get into this conduit anymore. We have our fiber running through and we have our satellite TV, which was what this was designed for. So I don't know if this is going to last in the UV sun or not. But that is some sticky tape. We just set it on and it just doesn't want to come off at all. So I went ahead and covered that up. I'll keep an eye on it and see how long that lasts in this Filipino sun. The interpregnance job. Now I have to hit this with a little silicone. This is in the overhang. So it won't leak into the house. We're still going to go ahead and cap this off and put some silicone in there so it's a seal. But you see they did a nice job on the outside. And I'll wonder if anybody has any experience with this type of tape that will last in the sun or not.