 Hello everyone! Welcome back to another vlog! I'm starting this vlog quite late. It's like 7pm almost already. But my best friend Fanny is arriving to our house soon. You could already see her in my vlog when I've arrived to Hungary from the Philippines. But we could only spend like 10 minutes together. So now she will come over and we will have a little sleepover so we can finally spend some time together after a few years. So yeah, now I still have some time before she arrives. Need to bring in one more bed to my room. So Fanny can sleep somewhere and then I will also need to just clean up a little bit. I also prepared her a huge bag of fassaloobong that I brought her from the Philippines. A lot of snacks and sweets mostly so I will also try to record some of her reaction first clean up. I'm on my way to the bus stop to pick Fanny up. It's like 8pm and it's still not dark. I like it. Too bad it's not like this in the winter. I wanted to show you something that there's always grip here just on the side of the road. Like here. Just random grip and no one is taking it. Just weird to say it because otherwise people are paying a lot of money to buy grips in the stores but here is just everywhere and no one even cares. It's kind of like Goava in the Philippines because buying a Goava here in Hungary if you can even find it it's going to be really expensive and in the Philippines like Novancares is just hanging on the tree falling off and Novan even picks it up and eats it. Novancares here at least in this place. Grape is like that. There's more grape here. Yeah! That package arrived. And we are taking some grape because it's so sad that Novan is bringing them home. Fanny is opening the Pasa Loo Bongs now but she's not going to try it because I got a special request that I'm only going to record her reaction to it when she looks more fresh because she doesn't look fresh right now. No she doesn't even want to be on camera so I guess you will have to wait until tomorrow until you can see her reactions to the sweets and snacks. So, see you tomorrow. Hello everyone! It's in the next day and Fanny's here. She's still covering her stuff. She's still not ready for trying the Pasa Loo Bongs from the Philippines but first anyways we are going to the city because we want to look around and Fanny used to leave in catch commit but she's leaving in Budapest now and she didn't really look around in the city for a while so now she's excited also to go around a little bit she will cover her stuff again. I told you. So we will look around in the city a little bit first and grab some food and over here also planning to make a cosplay together and we will look for fabrics for that and then after we are going to come and then finally she can try all the good stuff. Our first step is to the same place actually where we had our cake with my parents on my birthday we just grabbed some coffee and some macarons. It's nice looking cappuccino and they even get the tiny little bits to be red and then those cute little macarons. We came to the mall now we didn't find any fabric shops so I guess our cosplay plans were hit to wait but we came to the mall to look around so your hands we were obviously trying cosmetics and makeups. They are swimming in glitter and colors but it's actually fun because it's not really familiar with Hungarian brands so I don't know but it's good to buy here so it's good to be with another woman. I found the weirdest place ever here's a coffee shop like you can sit down and have coffee and you can buy coffee for takeout also and in the same shop they are selling underwear. It's like the coffee you can just have a coffee and then inside of the shop. Bra! We are done in the mall and it's like 12 already so we will get lunch. There's a very traditional Hungarian street food which is called language and it's basically like a bread you will say it's one of my favorite Hungarian street foods ever and I didn't eat it yet since I'm back so I wanted very much. We got it almost every place is closed even here around the market but this one was open. This is the food. It's a Hungarian street food a fried yeast bread and they put Hungarian sour cream in it garlic sauce and cheese and this is the little shop where they are selling it I showed it also. It's a little house and then you can just stand around it and just eat it here like that. We are back at home now I'm so comfy I removed all my makeup because funny studying to be like a makeup artist so she wants to do my makeup later so I could remove this one and just be very comfy. The fish are so cute they like the cold water going into the lake so they are all swimming around here. Funny is already ready now she's not covering her face anymore and I'm the next one with all this professional tool. The makeup is done the artwork is ready here it is and since everyone is coming already now finally funny can try all her pastelubon from the Philippines and she will start with this durian that I got for my parents. That durian smells like gas. Try it it's good. She's scared to bite. Let's play people. Oh okay. Do you like this? It doesn't taste like gas. No no. Oh that's a little bit. Not a durian fun. You are too much. The next one? Next one is moga moga being whoever flavored drink with natadeko. Everyone is always addicted to that cup when I first drink this drink I wanted to keep it. Karim was trying it also when she was in the Philippines and she said for sure she's keeping the cup when funny so I said oh she will have to keep that cup. Good. The next one seems the real durian didn't really work out. Maybe she will like this durian candy more it's still taste like durian but it's sweeter. It's okay. It's easy. You can't do this again. I'm like which guy is in the normal? No man. I'm rolling down on the durian. Sugar always helps. But the rian durian also is so sweet like when you eat the fresh fruit it's so sweet that it feels like it has extra that sugar like some cream made with sugar it's very very sweet. The next one is my personal favorite. It's not one of those very traditional candy but it's this one. This jelly which is ube flavor so that's also very special because ube is naturally an existing here in Europe and then it's ube flavor then also has a natadekoko inside of the jelly so it's so good this is my favorite. You liar. No no no no. I also got some so at this time this sugar one. Yes. Funny was that it doesn't really like to eat meat so I wanted her life for yashicharon but this is a vegetarian chicharon and I like it a lot. I've never actually tried three odd chicharon because chicharon is made out of pork it's basically a very fried meat until it becomes crunchy like a chips and I've never tried it because you know I don't like to eat meat but this vegetarian version is super yummy I love it. I also brought another one because I will want to make some cystic for fun in some other time. I have nothing to like you. It's good. It's so good. We love chicharon. It's nagaraya that's actually a very famous Filipino snack. It's a coated peanut and I of course got a double flavor because a double is a very traditional Filipino food which is like meat with soy sauce and vinegar that kind of. It smells good. It's so nice nagaraya. I think it's a very good combination. I think it's a very good combination. I think it's a very good combination. I think it's a very good combination. I don't know. I think it's a very good combination. I got some chocolate. It's more of those. Not that traditional pasta, lubong style but those store-bought candy which is famous in popular in the Philippines. It's chocolate which is like some peanut butter chocolatey sweet snack. I have one of my own company. I have a romanian. I prefer to eat it in a kaisu. I don't know if I can eat it in a language or in a language. I have one. That's true. Look, it's so good. The last thing that I brought for is of course some pastilias which is I think the most traditional, most local pasta lubong ever which is made out of bufalomia and sugar. It's not that fresh. It's not bad yet. It's not expired yet but when it's fresh it's more soft. Now it's a little bit crunchier but the taste is the same. I tried it. It's still good. It's like caramel and cheese. Caramel and cheese. So rich. So special. One more thing. One extra. It's not really a snack but I brought some banana ketchup also because everyone was blown away when they hear that banana ketchup is a thing in the Philippines. Everyone wanted to try so I brought some not a proper way. We will try it with some food too but she just want to lick it a bit to see how it tastes like. Not banana. Not banana. It is banana. I'll prove it. Water sugar banana and other whoop stuff. So hot. Spicy. I'm a bit confused because I'm not sure what I'm talking about. Yeah. That is oil. This is oil the Pazalubong I brought her which is a food item. Yeah. Thank you. By the way, fun is going to be my trial person because I'm going to test everything on her like she was testing the Pazalubongs and I will also want to cook some local Filipino food for her and make her try it and things like that. So if you have any ideas what should she try? What should I make for her? It should make her try to say some Filipino words or sentences or anything. If you have any similar ideas like this then leave it in the comment section because she will be my trial person who will go under everything Filipins related.