 Future Friday. The freshest. Everyone keeps sending us this guy, bro. Why is this guy in my computer? This has been so requested, though, and I love this environment, especially because they give me this tropical feel that like life is okay. They have me. They have a hard day at work. Go have a beer and sing in the car. Close to my camera, bro. And I love that. What is this? I don't even know what this is. It just says, Kovas, where are you going to sing it? It is, it is. This is one of these videos that we haven't even heard at a few seconds. I think we don't know anything about it. Trust you. Oh, bro. Those speakers need help. Ah! That karaoke machine needs help. It's been there since the 80s. Oh, yeah, baby. Oh, okay. This is one of these videos. Where they are joking around. Are they in the beach? I feel like they are like somewhere. But there were times the best is the down the hill. And no matter how you try to be fine. Bro, you have a spy over here, bro. Look, this guy is taking pictures. Hey. Oh, is this song? I like this guy. Oh, damn. I love how he is doing the song. He is living through it. You can tell in his eyes that's what singing is about, bro. And that's what those lyrics mean. It's not just about the technique and all this shit. No, I'm just saying zoom in into that face. Because I won't zoom in, but the eyes will get bigger. That's what life, and for them, I guess like culturally, it makes sense. The more we've gotten to know Filipino artists and the Filipino music industry. But just as people forget where they're from, forget why it's just like... This is what singing is about. Yeah, and that's what unifies us. Because we all have done this in our car, in the shower, in our most intimate moments. It's just the Philippines be built different, and they do it publicly. But that, that, right there, that look that he had as he was singing, like this, bro. You know, you can't tell me that he is singing past all he's like daily, daily troubles, daily hopes, dreams, failures. That's what I said. That's it. I love this video, because I said at the beginning, because I love this video, because they remind you of like no matter how hard your day had been, you can always grab a beer, and jump on the karaoke, and all your troubles were melt away for a few hours. We also like reviewing this every now and then, because it reminds you like, music industry, industry stuff, all this, you know, the world of music. It's like a very serious stuff. But at the end of the day, it's about this. He could have gotten every, but he had a life in life. He's also working dynamics into this, like, hello, sir. Because he's like a good example of just someone that, so likes to sing, has sort of picked it up as he goes. Also, there's, there's a really cool, this might sound weird, but the fact that he's got his abdomen on exposure, you can also see the breath control and how he's working, yeah, how it's working and the abdomen. I mean, it is only ballesca would make a comment like that. I swear. I guarantee you, it does know how many people have a look at this video, and how many millions of people have seen this. No one's ever thought, oh wow, if you look at his abdominal wall, if you look at his belly, yeah, he's making something weird, but it is, I guess that's what people watch. That it is cool though, because then you see like, we are the world in this particular thing. Nerd, there is such a cool exertion of energy, and then you're able to see where the tensures are being held, and where the tensures are being released in his abdominal wall. So like you see, he breathes in, but textbook technique would say that maintaining that expansion when you breathe in should prevail even in the singline. But it's very often, it's very common when we exert energy that we contract the muscles in our abdominal wall, and what's interesting though is how that doesn't affect his way of singing, which lets you know that he has been singing in this particular way for a very long time. Co-manorations, habits. They don't, I totally love this part of singing. I'll be here with you, she could not stay. Bre, see he held up for a very long time. Well this just knows is a way, this just knows is a way. There's no way, this is a way to breathe. Somebody's on. What the fuck? That's cool. Very nice, very nice. What a mouthful of this. Here's the thing though, it's so ridiculous. Bro this one has like four million views man. But it is so good though, because it's so accurate and it's so really good to the style of the song. Everything is against him, from the feedback to that reverb that is dry. You wouldn't think that reverb was dry. Because it's like delay, it's not really reverb. And you have people working up and down, he's being handed drinks. None of this should have worked. You know what's funny as well, it's like. He's awesome. Nowadays I was discussing how the music industry, I think in terms of the life music scene, is probably the worst he's ever been in terms of the mainstream, especially in the US, the UK, who sells the most. I don't want to name names, but just basically have a look at the acts that are selling out at the moment that are not named Harry Styles or Bruno Mars or even Taylor Swift. She's a fairly good life performer. Who else is touring at the moment, so people don't think I'm throwing shit at them. Everyone else I am. Coldplay, obviously outstanding. Gang of youth, incredible for games. Yeah, but they're not mainstream yet. Awesome. They're not one okay rocky mainstream. But I mean it like the big names. You know, the ones that are like, they go viral on TikTok and they have this big theatrical shit. And their name is, I won't do it, I won't do it. We have relationships with some other labels, not them. Efra, come on, puppy. Let's be civil here. Because the singing category has never been lower in terms of singing wise, singing technique, singing ability, singing prowess. We are in the dark ages. These last 20 years have been shit. It's because of the rise of urban music. Look, I like urban music. I like rap. I rap myself. I love hip-hop. R&B is the shit, especially commercial R&B. I love it. But that scene has the... The curse of the studio. The problem. No, that this guy's just, oh, my friend had a studio. I jumped in there and it sounded good after I put 17,000 plugins and 14 million layers. And then we do 50 million takes and then we choose one and then we auto-pitch it anyways. We pitch correct it. And it sounds great. And it's like, yeah, sure, but that's not singing. That's something else. That's the new generational BS. And I feel like there's value in the music, in studio music for sure. There's such a strength in being able to be a great producer. Like, hats down. Hats down. I'm using produce out there in the industry. You guys are doing God's work. Whatever. I'm not hating on production or I'm not hating on studio music. That's not what I'm saying. I'm just angry, annoyed, terrified. And it doesn't translate into live music. At the live scene. Not the studios in the studio scenes. Like, he's never been better. It doesn't carry me. Yeah, it doesn't carry me in life. In terms of live music. But there's a gap for good live music. That's why everyone's like, fuck, you know, cold plays been turned for like 57,000 years. And then you're getting all these bands, blondie and all these egos, all these people are just randomly. They revive from the dead. You know, they're selling our stadiums. They're stadiums. They're stadiums.