 Hey, welcome to Foreigner and the Philippines on the warranty. It looks like a bit better, though, that it looks like undergarantee. Well, now that we're here and we're confined, I have time to do lots of things that I never had time to do before, so I did a job on the truck and in the main, it wasn't that dirty, but it had a thin layer of dust on there and that's all it needs for kids to come along and start drawing. So I don't want to do that because it scratches the paintwork. I can hear something going on in here, so let's have a look. Okay, what's up? What? Ah, yeah, we're just checking that. About it, buy-in box? No, it's a roller coaster, it's a bit of a mess, but I'm not going to get it. Oh, that's interesting. Roll at the olds that supposedly did this big. This is the olds. It's more than you are there. I won't only last. I won't only last the day, won't it? I told in the list the big olds. The big ones. What is this, what she get? Well, don't complain. No, I just don't complain. And I told her to buy that one, right? But this is what she gets. Well, we can't complain. Apple. Apple. Apple. That's a fruit, yeah. That's good. So honey, how much did you spend on this? For interest? I give her 3000 pesos. How much? 3000. And she spent three? Yeah, I think so. And coffee. I told her that Lena, a lot of coffee, mocha, but this is what she got. I said no complaint because the phone is on it. I told her that. And I told Lena, buy honey. She bought it. She bought it. Marbeque. Marbeque. Marbeque. So it's the same thing. I'm so proud of that. How's that? Hurry up honey, I'd like to finish this video so I can go down and kill her. This is very different, but you know not complain, right? No. I'll help you. There's a drain for. What is it? Doreng, corn, and this one. Oh, what's she got that right? Did she get you two? Okay. We shouldn't complain, you know. We really shouldn't. Yeah, we should not complain. But I have to say, it doesn't look like a lot of stuff for 3000 pesos honey. Yeah, but we got for your chicken. Oh, chicken. So that's going in the freezer. Are you going to pack that separately? Yeah, we're going to. You got a lot here. Oh, a lot of chicken. Yeah, a lot of chicken, because what we got is chicken for you. Honey, you've got to hide that chicken. You've got to edit that out of the video. Why? Well, because everybody thinks that I live on sardines and rice. And of course, we got pork chop. We got pork chop for you. Pork chop. Wow. Pork kilos of pork chop. And five kilos of chicken. And of course, there's the one here. So I want to come back and eat this stuff here. I want to eat a gatti's shopping list and I got all sorts of things. Fish for the dogs also. What's this? Fish for the dogs. It's squid. Squid, oh my favorite. I'm not going to smell some shell. I can smell that from here. Yeah, some shell. No complaint or a raid poll that Manalina allowed us. So she put us in with her shopping also. I'm guessing that that chicken pork would account for quite a bit of 3000. Yeah, 3000. Don't you think? That's 3000 chicken, pork, fish and shells. Yeah. And sometimes some, although we still have, you know, somebody says, why is it you just didn't buy coffee? We have a lot of coffee in the house. We have to explain. It's just worth buying. You know what does it? It's because you set up the making of that disgusting coffee made from God knows what. I don't know what it was made. From corn and gravel, wasn't it? I just didn't. And you said that we were out of coffee as if it was a real thing, but it wasn't. You were just doing a show. But that is the video. I just couldn't get an idea how come a honey become a marinated marinade. Neither do I. That one. But still going to be used because Mama said that marinated is really a good sauce. Yeah, I'm sure. Doing barbecue. You know what probably happened? She probably looked for honey. And then she spoke to one of the guys there and said, do you have honey? And he said, no, ma'am, out of stock. Maybe this is the one. Even though they had honey there because you found it, didn't you? Yeah, because the last time I bought honey for tarantino, to taste my name, instead of one there. I said to the guy, sorry, what is that? That could be called a honey. And then the guy says try number five, ma'am. So I went number five and forgot. And then I went number five and it's wrong. And then I asked another one. And then the guy says try number two, ma'am. Try number two. And then somebody in number two said try number three. Try number three. And somebody in number three. Try number four. And finally I got it. Fine, but it's in the below. So when they picked, they said, oh, this is the one. So I got two because you know, I got one. You got two? Yeah. You didn't. There's only one. I got two. I only saw one. That one. Remember, I said to you, this is the one darling because there's a word honey. Right? Yeah, but there's only one bottle there. I don't know what happened, but I got two in that time. Well, did Nana, perhaps Nana has put it to one side or something. You know what happens? Sometimes everything comes through Nana's house and some of it. Yeah, I would just find it later. But so far, this is our 3000 pesos budget. And we still have their left from the other way. I'm going to be used. I'm going to be all used up on that honey in that one bottle. Don't, maybe. Remember, we're going to be left up the quarantine on 12. What date is it now? I have no idea. Were eight now? I didn't even know what day it was today because now we don't have Sunday. The only day that I ever knew what day it was was Sunday because I have my Sunday driving job. And now, don't have that. The days are all the same. So I think it will be left up, although in Luson, it's already confirmed that it's until April 30th. Yeah, their enhanced community quarantine. But it's not yet in the hall. So I don't know, the latest amount of... What did Linna say about the store? Did she say that everybody's wearing a mask? Yeah, everybody's wearing a mask. You're not allowed in without a mask? Yeah, you're not allowed in. You're not allowed to come in if you don't have a mask. But Linna said it's used while there are people doing shopping. So, but it's not allowed compared to the regular. Right, not a lot of shoppers, but what about the shelves? Do they look normal? It's still normal. Do everything look the same? So nobody seems to be fanicking and intolerable. The good thing is there is no positive cases in Behold. That's why we're very grateful for that. I did see... Are there positive cases in Cebu? There are positive cases in Cebu. But I saw something today. Oh, I think it said no positive cases today in Cebu. Yeah. So we've gone for a day without any positive cases. Which is good. So again, we're just hoping for the best that this... The science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, can you get a coupon?, can you get a pass through curiosity and