 Future Friday. The freshest. B- I was this m- B- B- Jesus Christ! I'm telling you I wish I was one of them! So I had that voice. It would be a completely different world, bro. B- B- B- B- B- I learned. I learned. I learned. Filipino, I learned. Filipino, I learned. But let's think of saying, be careful what you wish for, mate. Because I want to try Filipino food and I want to go to a restaurant and try it. And Valet is like careful what you wish for, because when you go to like a restaurant in the Philippines, you might end up traversing to another reality. Look at this! Oh, then the Harry Potter! People in the car just having fried chicken. I know, I'm just enjoying the show. And then I'm fucking my soul's living with my body, progressing to how all my sins repented. What the fuck? I'm seeing a frog, you're in a stranger thing. It's a fucking dog! Like every man in the world, you would have never guessed. I remember every time. So how amazing are you, mate? Good to see you. What would you like? I don't know. Some soup was on me. Alright, cool. Three seconds later. Oh, the lip balm! The lip balm! What the fuck? This mother of a... Are you sure this was the same person? And then if you hit him too, he'll be like, hey, you know, he's gonna be like, they're all like talking normally. And then all of a sudden, this... You have to lip-play effect. You know, like the frog's in fucking Harry Potter, you know? Oh, I love this game. Oh, by the way, if you like the tag of the same video, so we'll probably compile and put in, check them out here on YouTube. You can tag Balesca at WLSK15. Now back to Juan Carlos. I haven't heard his new stuff is so good. Yeah, I have to catch up. He has a new song with Jenny and Berthine. He hung around a lot together. They make good music. They make great music together, though. Juan Carlos. Bro. His vocal evolution needs such a much... It's going viral. He posted this two days ago. He's breaking it. I want to know what he's talking about. If anyone can tell me please. Wow, he's good. It would have been hilarious if he was someone actually recording. Being the background. How did that sound? How was that? How did anyone watch this? Jesus Christ. Can I just have a moment? No. I'm going to jacking on. No, it's okay. I don't care. Take it. No. Me na hal kita. First time I heard it. Who broke his heart? Who broke his heart? Oh my god. You know what's funny? You know what's funny? I've never met Juan Carlos. We don't really know him. We're not friendly with him because we haven't met or anything. But I think he strikes me as the guy that he recorded that. And it's fucking unreal. And he was really like, ass, probably shit. He's ass. This is never going to see the light of day. He just... He just... He strikes me as one of those guys. He's just so beyond good that he probably doesn't think he's that good. You know? I see either. He probably just hangs out like a normal person. But if I had that voice, fucking kiss my feet. If he'd me. Chalo, chalo, what is it? Rahpau. And feed me. Hello, hello. As I... As you win me. You know? Is that what you call it? Fun me. As you fan me, mate. Like, I wouldn't be normal. That's why God made me this way. He takes away some goods so that I can have others and be a bit more humble. I brought what the fuck you guys doing, right? That's my question. That's the front of this cleanse me, or something. I don't know. Take the devil out of me. What? Damn, they really yanked me out of heaven without me. Yeah, they had done... Come at them, kids. See you there. See you down there. You know, they leaned around how to kid? Who? A leaned around how to kid? A leaned around. Yeah, look at this. A leaned around, child. Yeah, that's her baby. She's a mother. Yeah. Oh my god, that kid... Yeah, it looks a lot like a baby. What a kid. Can I be your kid? Can you adopt me? What? She just got better. You just wait until that kid starts making noise. They even decays that. Oh, shit. They don't know. The kids made me hence. So effortless, this girl. Damn, that kid is so... What the... That's so crazy. God bless her and God bless her kid. Damn, that's so crazy. I know what it is. What they wonder was she pregnant. I thought you were meant to be pregnant for like nine months. Yeah. Surprise. I was this mother pregnant. Jesus Christ. I'll tell you I wish I was one of them. So I had that voice. It would be a completely different world, bro. Yes, thank God we're not there. Thanks for giving motivation at the gym. Oh wow, mad hair. Mad vocals, listen to the harmony. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. What? How can you stop it there people? This is an injustice to humanity. Guys, Steve Kakau. Oh Kakau, sorry. Kakau means chocolate. Kakau? Kakau, I don't know what that means. But even he's saying part two, naang, panah, naakit. Which means, part two is never gonna come back. You know, part two coming soon. You know, or part two beg me. That's what I'll be like. Part two beg me, yeah. beg me. You want to be blessed with this vocals? Fucked it. What are they saying anyways? Who broke these people's hearts? Four men, stand strong, yeah, that's stand strong. Not everyone was the Catherine, yeah. Jesus Christ. Go, you mean you, you mean you, me. That's you, me. Don't be spanked a better. Please welcome international performing artists. You mean, you mean, you mean you. Fuck you, I'm nervous. Fuck you, lover. Oh, I know that song. Oh, that's the national band. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, mother. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. And so where do I live? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. The truth. The truth. The Cloud. Theckafort. The last news last first. Good choice. Goodbye, brother. I forgotINTON's at theprehensible floor. yeah literally what the brisk you will be you will be supremacy god oh god damn she healed You're not supposed to clap the national anthem, but apparently, I think that's like a thing You're not meant to clap because I remember when Bali sang the Venezuela National Anthem like on TV on some other shit It's like people you weren't allowed to and I remember everyone said That was incredible. Don't might be the best like my favorite two national anthem So if you can even say that this is a very is a very respectful take it did enough also again like and he's the thing I know she's holding back because Yumi Kapile is probably the best vocal acrobat I've ever heard in my life If you wanted it like if you want somebody to like take you by the hand and teach you exactly what to do Vocally speaking to be the craziest at vocal acrobat is Yumi Kapile. Yeah, Yumi. I she just has something study her She's really interesting. I'm really glad she got this opportunity. She's obviously gonna get more because when you murder She'll have everyone blows up your phone Exantos Is that what he said yeah, it excents. I like air excents air excents reminds me of Luis Fonsey he does. Oh, I press the like Oh Yeah We support fan behavior number one fans Oh, it's so good what they actually while waiting for our professor everyone all over sent And into fucking media corp Who has that camera is expensive? That's job. Yeah, you get hired type of camera. Well, we do appreciate friends that support you. Yeah, hell yeah, come on What that that's the type of friends you need to like what is everyone's fucking good nowadays? I'm telling you what what is going on. You know, I was a worries me. It's like damn. How do you even break through nowadays? Oh, yeah, that's a very good point. You know like everyone's so damn good This is actually a breathless rap challenge look at this Oh Well, he's so efficient Oh He did like 30 seconds without a breath. That's actually mad Fast and furious to lidd equal version Yeah, he did like 30 seconds no breath We just checked out this thing like breathless longest notes and stuff. We we missed Katrina Velaar I was surprised that there was no Katrina must have been like an old version because I think she did like 40 seconds one I think yeah, I think so probably will check it. I'll drop us a link to that. But this is fucking unreal fair play That's a He's also good in this style Hello Tina, Tina Bue I saw it coming but I love it This is that song yeah, the song where like you go No, no puppy that's a song from the 80s really yeah Yeah, you resolve go You know, I like this girl Yeah, okay I got it I think carries like I'm a who is who is she Tina Pue Tina Pue I love this song I Like this girl Oh wow, she's so famous She has one with five million people Jesus Christ Oh, she's famous. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. Okay. I have nothing else. Okay, let's just sit