 but you're Friday. The freshest. Okay, this is really exciting. You guys send this through and we immediately correct to it. So this is the evolution of Filipino music from 1500s all the way to the 2020. So this is done by Justin J. Taller. Taller? Taller? Or Tayyir? Don't know. For that matter, bilingual problems. Sort of for the ugly set. I know some people are liking it. Some people are not. There's just, this is actually going to be the final thing. It's just everything's been delayed and the deliveries and everything now on for since shit. And we're working on new channels. We're working on a few channels actually. So there with us, apologies that it looked kind of shit at the moment. But let's get into the video. Call of you. You don't change. Evolution of Filipino music. We're performing as well. So this is great to know. We're performing at our first Filipino music festival. So you can get your tickets as well. And this is great to obviously know and dive deeper into the music culture of the Philippines. So let's give it a watch. Yes. Shout out Justin J. Just in J. One viral on Facebook. I'm going to send it to you. Oh, it's all on the phone. I can't help it. It's so weird. That's so freaking cool. That's beautiful. It's beautiful. You see? Ballot. That was awesome. Oh my god. Give me just a moment for the freaking vocal freaking showdown. Turn it up. I think it's insane. It's so interesting to know that like in the 1950s, right? Music was so recognized. Like if you look at back at music and you choose the 50s, it's such a recognizable sound all around the world. Yes. That to me is so peculiar and bizarre because the world wasn't that interconnected back then. Like what? Yeah. Traveling was very difficult. And knowing people from other countries and it was really hard as well. So the fact that it's so, I don't know if maybe the US because obviously there was like wars and things like that had a lot to play with it. Because it does sound like very like... It's rock and roll from the 1950s from America. From the US. Yeah, because if you think about it, even the rock and roll and the style of like the beach boy style of music, it was popular. It was very predominant in like say for example, Britain. How the fuck did he get to Asia? There's a very good question. I think he has to do with it. It's because of the wars. Because people used to tell us a lot like when we had Easy Meal on the podcast, he was mentioning like he would hang around and do skateboarding when he was growing up. It means only like my age. But you know still like 25 years ago, 24 years ago, he was like skateboarding in this fucking US basis. But like you know the US army once sat down and like at some, you know in this, in the northern part of the Philippines, country music, it's very very prevalent still due to the influences of the US. So it's very intriguing. And also like in South Korea, you can tell the same as well. Yes, correct. Japan, you can tell the same as well, like with the US, the influences of the US. So I guess it might be because of that, because the US was sort of sending troops fucking everywhere. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I do think he has to, it must have an effect because for example in Europe, even the rock and roll was the... It really gets in the UK. It wasn't the predominant sound. Actually, you were coming out with a completely different style of music itself. So it's quite interesting. Yeah, I would think it has to do something to do with it. Yeah, because like... The military basis. Older Filipino music from our understanding. It was a lot closer to what was that song, what was the style, Kundimans, right? That was one of... And Karinyosa. As Kundimans, right, I was very prevalent in the time. So sort of like in Venezuela, inside the America. A lot of the songs that were made with a much more sort of a literary purpose, you know, they came from sort of, I guess, observations of nature, or perhaps they came from literature or poems, paintings that then was somehow translated into music, folklore, stories of folk. Yes. So it wasn't like an industry sort of take of things. It was just more like... Like songs of the town, I guess. Exactly. So, societal perspectives that then were popularized by word of mouth basically. Waste to serenade your love. Yes. Waste to explain your feelings. I guess it was taking more in there. And then a sort of time progressed. Of course, music's making money off of music. It's all as fuck as well. Yes. It's not really new. So, but it's interesting then to sort of see the 1950s. It really was just one fucking industrial. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, I started to see. As punk. I was just laughing. I'm gonna be mad at you. Can we have a moment for how incredibly difficult you must have been to film and edit this? It also seems quite minimalistic like you see what airports on. Yeah, it's not very that crazy but in terms of production. But this must have taken him ages. And because he's not that big in production, he has to kind of get takes really correct. Because it seems like it doesn't have a team of people fucking editing everything. It just seems like he sort of made it for the love of it, you know, with shout out, man. That's freaking crazy. We need love. With the bass. That's really cool. 19th and 10th was pumping a music. I wish you would have put the names of some. I'm telling you, the 1990s came in and slapped you in the butt with a freaking good R&B. Interesting enough. I know that. So 1950s to 1990s is the area is a time in the Filipino music industry which is the most unknown to us. Early 90s, mid late 90s up until now is sort of where I guess we're starting to learn a bit more from. But 1950s and 1920s is a complete fucking unknown ground to us. But something that happened really interesting that I don't think we mentioned another on the podcast or the channel is that from the late 90s up until early 2000s. So it's a really short period of time. There was a time where this sound became very popular because groups in the Philippines became very popular. Girl groups most specifically. Not that familiar with the story of like sort of boy group pop groups, you know, like the Backstreet Boys. We're like, you know, nowadays in South Korea obviously Cape of ginormous and Cape of became ginormous in Korea. In the late 90s too. Well, not ginormous, but it became a thing in late 90s, 1996, 5 1997, South Teji Boys, you know, the lag like YG Entertainment. And then up until early 2000s, 2000s and 3000s and 2004, it could have disappeared. And then it really, really evolved. It picked up competition, the JYP, the SM Entertainment, the YG's, picked up STS-SM, was probably the biggest competitor. And then it pushed this sort of industry, right, the Cape of industry. But in the Philippines, interestingly enough, between the early 2000s, sort of the same as in Venezuela. And late 90s, there was a lot of girl groups. I forget the names of them. A lot of them were involved in a lot of scandals because I follow Chuck. They're YouTube. I'll put his, but I'll shoot you, put the actual channel. Because I forget he's actually channeling. And he does like the SB19 documentaries and stuff like that. Yeah, but he does drop a lot of cool information about Filipino music in his studio. He's so underrated to me. He really does his research. And for people like us, which I think is contestable targeted towards. Can you call Chuck? Yeah, that's right. Because we're foreigners, you know, we don't really understand the industry that deep, but he helps. And one of the things that there was this group, I forget the name of us. You can obviously tell them the very good names. But they were like, well, one of them went to prison at one point. And they like, one of them was involved in murders and shows. Crazy story. And they were naked a lot of the time and shit. Yeah, it was hilarious. But there was a lot of competition. I would, like they've conflicted on the controversy. It's like that's what it is. But what I find even more interesting is like, they weren't the only ones. They had to do such crazy things to maintain relevancy back in the day because it was a lot harder. Because of so many other groups. Wow. And they all had names like, like, Beach Girls or things like that. And, you know, fucking the US is like, Backstreet Boys TLC. N-Sync? Exactly. I think of these names. You know what I mean? So, they banged. At this point in the 90s, I do understand why in places like, you know, East and places, you know, like Asia. Would be doing things like this because they were becoming really popular in the West. And it's just smart business to sort of see what's doing well in somewhere in the world. How can we do it here, put their own twist of the country or the industry that it would perform well and then sort of do it. But I'm interested in seeing this section now to see if maybe it really was that impactful in the music industry or not. Because I've just been aching to speak about this. Yeah. Because I just learned it like a couple of weeks ago, by any chance. It is very... Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. Five. For us, it's a rock-and-scary song. But it's super interesting to see the evolution of sort of genres, which I think is... Because he is doing... It's very difficult to try to put in a song or in a medley, the 2000s and the 2020s. Like those 20 years, it's so hard. Because you would have to mention the huge uptake of R&B, like the Kyla, the J.Rs. And you would have to take up the huge uprise of Soh in the Philippines with the Jias from the late 90s, the early 90s up the way to the early 2000s. You would obviously have to mention this is probably the pinnacle era of Dredgeen Velasquez in the Philippines, right? Correct. So this is when she's a her, I guess, physical prime theoretically because she's still fucking bangs. I would argue that she is better now than back then because of like this... Experience in the material. There's some that comes with just experience that it can't be beaten. Like, you know, those things... But there's some to say about someone... Why it gets better with age? Like that's the type of like... Sure, but there's some as well as something to be said about someone who's so hungry and they're at their peak of busyness and being sought after. Correct. That sparks a monster. It does. And that tights and goes to sleep because you know, long, you know, you no longer need to be at that sort of... You don't need to be that much of a killer anymore. But I'm just... I don't know if it's not a killer anymore. I'm just saying it's very interesting to me that sort of mentality. No, but like, it's just... But talking from like... Presented to sales and stuff, she was definitely at the peak. Yeah. So you have like... You have to mention Regene. So it's like, how do you give... How do you put that into a medley? You have to mention Leia Salonga. She's kicking ass late 90s, early 2000s. Peak of her career, essentially, right? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Miss Saigon is what? Late 90s. Late 90s, right? Yeah. You don't have to know the exact date who cares. You're teachers and not watching. You just don't matter. Yeah, go for a voice. Or maybe like 80s. Yeah, I would think. I think like... I think it's early 90s. But again, I don't know. I'm not completely convinced. But we watched the rehearsal videos. It's this Saturday by Carmen Brennan. So you don't have to... You know, you're basically mentioning three big genres. The RMB, Ballads. And that's the other thing. It's like, it's not just Regene. I'm just saying Regene because it's obviously like one of the biggest things. But you have to mention... So, you know, I'm just saying Regene. So many people there. Like when it comes to like great altos from the Philippines, you'd have to mention Sharon. You'll have to mention Sasha Padilla. And that's the other thing. Like if you go like 50s to the 90s, you'd have to mention Pilita Corrales at some point. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Yeah. Then you go with the lads. This is just famous. You go with the lads. You're in the early 2000s. You have to mention Gary Valenciano. He's kicking ass late 90s to the early 2000s. He's kicking ass from the 80s. He's already been kicking butts from a whole decade. Olga Alcacid. You have to mention him if you're talking about 90s early 2000s. Well, and if you're talking pinnacle late 90s, early 2000s frigging ballots and king, you have to mention Janogibs as well. Janogibs. I mean, there's a lot of pinnacle names that marked the industry and influenced it to be what it is today too. And there are so many names when I even mention him. I know. It's just from like the top of our head. And then obviously every year has Christmas, right? Which means every year has... Oh, so many chats. That's right. You have to mention him as well. But then when you go to 2010s, you go to 2020. You have to mention the guys from X-Pathalyche. They really revolutionized the sound from 2010s to 2020. Which they did, right? But we didn't go fair enough. Then, which, well, I'm not really them. It's like OC dogs, right? But X-Pathalyche, you have to mention OC dogs. Obviously, you have to start mentioning the glides from the revolution of the internet. You have to mention Budakale. You have to mention... Or was it Kat Budakale? Is that one? Oh, yeah. I'll just say Katarina, right? You have to mention Katarina. You have to mention KZ. You have to mention Mori said. You have to mention... Obviously, at this point, like if we're talking to us in 2010s and 2020, you have to mention Moriara and La Torre. You have to mention us being 19. They've taken the whole industry by the throat. Yeah, you've got the evolution again, right? That's all the industry. So cyclical, right? Back to groups. And now they're huge, up, huge uprise of people. Like, you know, Bini and you get the girls from... This is really impressive girls. The girls are saying G22. The girls are saying Bavarian. They're very, very impressive. They're so good. And they're incredibly amazing live as well. BGY-O. And a bunch of other names, the relation. So, you have to... It's so hard. Like, it would be like hours upon hours long. But, however, if you are interesting any of this, because I know people from all over the world, we've probably have done a podcast in all of this. You know, like in different, all these different genres. But above them, man, it's like, what a fantastic... Just in J.Kilded, by the way, freaking... I was just mesmerized by the whole vocal layering. And like, there's nothing harder than doing like a capella... Torre. ...compilations. Like, my heart goes out to anyone that does this for a living out. They're content creating, by the way. This is freaking hard, man. It's like a conversation inducing. Indeed, I've gone. So, let us know what you guys thought about it. And maybe what names you think you have to mention about a decade. And let us know in your comments in the comments section below. And thanks so much for watching. Bye-bye.