 What's up guys, my name is Miles and my name is Beth and this is the commodity and today we are reacting to 10 Christmas traditions in the Philippines Can I show you something that I just realized I? Am wearing my Christmas socks today in swim trunks. I am I this was not planned. I swear I promise it wasn't I I just took my suit off for work and I always wear Colorful socks not were a red suit today, but hold on now. Let's see your other sock No, it's the same. Yeah, no, I'm dead. That's a first I've been matching my socks lately I usually don't but I always wear some type of themed sock this morning I woke up and I told myself I'm ready for Christmas. So I put these socks on now the use shouts vacation some vacation always but again I was wearing my suit red stripes had these socks on and I killed it today watch me wearing My record player watch it's funny. He's got the biggest watch collection you'll ever see but the most expensive one It was my roly How much was that I didn't pay for it? Oh, it's $12,000 watch. I didn't pay for it though. It was gifted to me But besides that the ones I you purchased oh 90 at the most. Yeah I think I have a more expensive watch than that and I don't wear watches but Thank you to petty king for suggesting this video guys If you want to suggest videos and get shouted out like petty king go ahead and click on the link in our discord after this video in the description to our discord after this video and You can suggest videos in our videos suggestion box and I do still I still look in the the The comments section. It's just so much harder. I went through them earlier and I was just like so much of it It's just people talking about random things which is great. I absolutely love it But trying to find the suggestions through there is much harder on the comments section on the comments section So get on our discord link is down in the description It's the best way to give them and we are gonna start because I've got more free time now that he's got a new job To go through the videos and I'm gonna start making sure we put the who suggested it At least the first one that we see because there are several videos that are multiple suggestions and unfortunately trying to Give everybody the same shout out. It's kind of tough, but tough But I will give shout outs from here on out. Yeah, all right guys before we hop in in this video If you would go ahead and give it a thumbs up it helps us get this video out to more people Also, if you could go ahead and click the subscribe button in the bell notification icon that way you guys Stay informed on our future videos and if you'd like to help support the channel even more and get a shout out through that as well Click the join button down below this video and let's hop in Okay, let's do it anything you're expecting to see Well, I already know that they celebrate Christmas longer than anyone really. Yeah, I'm pretty sure That's what they how long do we like as a country? No, as a country not as like the lady that left her Christmas lights on all you know No, no, no, but what I'm saying is how long do we truly start? So when do we start typically people start putting up decorations the day after Thanksgiving? But when do we start playing Christmas music? I? Want to say in October right now or Jay I think it's December Christmas no Christmas music goes on the radio the day after Halloween. I don't think so I'll prove it this year. Okay But we don't celebrate it as a whole I'm already happy. Yeah, I'm happy We might have to change this music My name is gyro Klaugher and today I'll share to you then unique Christmas traditions. We do in the Philippines He seems happy. Yeah, he's happy. It's talk about Christmas Burmons the Philippines celebrates the longest Christmas in the entire world I knew it we start preparing and celebrating Christmas once the Burmons set in They call them Burmons because Burmons I'm kidding it doesn't get cold in the Philippines I'm on starts from September October, yeah, it's November and then December in September. Oh the birth of the season are families will start a countdown to Christmas 94 days start hearing Christmas sounds like all I want for Christmas is you and all holy night by Mariah Carey as well as Different Filipino Christmas carols in shopping malls and all the radio. That's so cool That's why you guys are so happy because they're celebrating We're in a Burmons Septitt this is the first Burmons this is This is a good day to start this video for you guys. Yeah, this kind of worked out actually I felt like it was a weird month after when I picked it out Also Filipinos will begin decorating their houses establishments and streets with gleaming this place You would yes And yes, why you guys are so you know what we need to do this year Pateros what we will do this year is we will because I go every year anyways with the kids and stuff to see Christmas lights We have some awesome Christmas lights. Oh, I'm sure they do too. Yeah, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying you can see what we see right Yeah, we can ride it. We can we can compare lights Yeah, I'm sure they're pretty much all the same. It's all Christian lights are live Christian base. So it is what it is Parole or also known as a Philippine lantern is a unique Filipino decoration Traditionally made from colorful papers bamboo. Those are cool. Yeah, and shaped like a five-pointed star Putting up our roles in homes schools establishments and streets is a common Filipino tradition And you guys put stars on top of your tree or Angels or anything else like that because we put whatever. Yeah, like no, we typically we need a little star but I know like We have we done anything else. No, that's all we've ever done is a star until like the past few years within an angel We do star last year. Yeah, the spirit of Christmas in 1928 these lanterns were originally designed to help villagers find their way to chapels and churches for the Symbangabe That's cool. So it's got it's got real symbolism right because it's the same Star in essence that the Three wise men followed to find Jesus on in his manger. That's pretty awesome. I dig it. Symbangabe Symbangabe or Misadigayo is considered one of the oldest Christmas traditions in the country This is a nine-day series of early morning masses to honor the Blessed Virgin Mary starting from December 16 to Christmas Eve People wake up at dawn and attend mass at their local churches as early as four o'clock in the morning Yeah, it is a common belief among Filipinos that their Christmas wish will come true once you complete it the nine-day service Carrelling Christmas another thing Filipinos are known for is Singing yeah really well So they showcase their God-given talents during birth that video of them standing in front of the karaoke machine is shown in like every Top 10 fact Filipino videos karaoke is one of the top 10 facts on all we can watch like something Filipino that has to do with like wildlife and there's a Up in the back. There's a karaoke machine Girls of people usually kids would fill the streets visiting houses with their instruments like Danne Marines and can made drums. I actually used to enjoy this show. I'm not gonna lie or sometimes food or gifts How cute It sound like Alpinot the trip months. Look at a little girl We wish you a Merry Christmas Monito Monito Monita said to be hospitable and friendly Filipinos love giving as much as they love receiving gifts a form of Exchange and gifts called Monito Monita is a very popular Christmas tradition in the Philippines for a week or so Participants receive and give gifts Anonymously among colleagues friends or so we do the same and it's typically here. It's called secret Santa or Dirty Santa or white elephant. Yeah, like we do the same thing You draw names out of a hat or whatever and yeah, like we did it almost every business does it that has like Kind of a relationship and a lot of families will do it too if you if it's a huge family Yeah, well like our family we we had like 15 people and we 15 or 20 people we don't get together Yeah Christmas Eve and do a Dirty Santa instead of going out and buying everybody gifts right because 15 people's a lot of people to give gifts And then also give them to your kids like yeah, yeah, that's a lot of that. That's what we We would do that when I was married her family's huge Mm-hmm one of six and all of them have kids and all of their kids have kids and so we were like Well adults will buy the kids gifts the youngest kids Like if it's her niece and they've got kids we give her kids right gifts until before that we gave her gifts But as the adults we would just do Dirty Santa Whatever you want to call it same comms right families this is usually done during Christmas parties Exactly American Eagle Christmas parties It's common in the Philippines to have a Christmas party organized for any and every group you belong to There's the Christmas party at school at the office the one with your closest friends your cousins We have goobies that revolve around that. So yeah, we get parties include Botlux a program of games exchange gift giving and talent presentations So a lot of Christmas parties especially for companies here is just everybody getting together Possibly potluck or except for 2020 or usually like like with Kia we did a party at This hotel and bar like the top floor of this hotel Was a bar and they provided food and everything drinks were free So really most company parties are just everybody getting together and having a few drinks Yeah, a lot of drinks in many cases like Toyota did it over at Shenanigans, yeah, or to where they worked which is a bowling and arcade place really big They literally have everything you could put even have go cards, don't they yeah, yeah So literally everything you could plus a bar and food so Filipino Christmas foods Know that the best way to celebrate Christmas festivities is to enjoy Extraordinary Christmas foods together. I want to go and popular Filipino Christmas foods are the sweet Filipino delicacies Bibinka and put up on that are sold outside the churches every symbol That makes delicious during noche buena Roasted skewed big called lechon Gemi salty queso de bola and a Christmas ham are all present on the table. I love him I love Christmas. So here's the weird thing about us. So Thanksgiving Which I assume y'all don't have because I think that's an American because it was originally for when Columbus Right, that's Columbus day. Yeah, but it was when the Indians and the yeah Pilgrims came together so In Thanksgiving, which is in November we have turkey turkey and then a lot of families in December Have turkey. We usually do turkey and ham on both yeah same here and I hate turkey turkey so dry You got to cook it right deep fried turkey. It's still we it's still not good to me like outside of turkey meat for Like sandwiches, because it's so thin and it's It's not as dry, but it still is still not my favorite I don't like it, but I love ham and I love and I love the idea of having just a big old pig Yeah, but my main thing is always the the app What's it called the dressing now the stuff that they put The casseroles I go ham on all the casseroles like the dressing no they are stuffing No, they make you don't do casseroles. What kind of casseroles everything like we have like green bean casseroles exactly That's what I'm saying like they do like My ex's family and I still go to their stuff sometimes Uh, they do like 20 different kinds of casseroles. Hmm like green bean Uh, what's it called macaroni casseroles like if it can be made into a casserole corn casserol They do it and it's awesome Everything else like this is the one time that meat. I'm like go away. Yeah Chebueena Not Chebueena after the last Simbangabe or the Christmas Evemas Not Chebueena follows The not Chebueena I could do that look at those open house celebration with family Friends and neighbors dropping into wish everyone Is that a report family? Most households would have several Filipino Christmas foods laid out and ready to be feasted on to celebrate the birth of Christ I bet you that skin is so MMMF celebration MMMF celebration the MMMF or Metro Manila's Film Festival begins on Christmas day and runs through the first weekend of January each year The festival starts with an opening parade going across the center of Manila which features floats and actors from the selected films For Filipinos to truly enjoy the amazing and unique festival All the cinemas in Metro Manila are expected to play only these local films during the festival and foreign films are put and hold Wow So I can not uh, sorry guys. I'm making this a really long video So when they do film festivals here in the US Uh, it's actually a competition Mm-hmm the whole goal. So since I went to film school Our goal was always just to get into a film festival of some sort There was one that we really wanted to get into is the Jewish film festival You do not have to be Jewish the content doesn't have to be Jewish. It's just funded by a Jewish community But there's literally hundreds of I mean hundreds of film festivals a year and it's all to get Seen by a big director. So it's interesting that they're like this is literally just for this. Mm-hmm, you know because Which is awesome because you're doing it out of love instead of For either money because somebody wins somebody wins a pot of money or if you really win you get picked up by a big Composer yeah, director you actually well usually I would want to be my own director, but you know it is what it is Christmas day Aguinaldo is a common tradition for every Filipinos to visit their relatives and godparents during Christmas day During the visit kids would practice the old age tradition Mano as an act of respect to elders For most part they are rewarded and presented with gifts like toys or money by their relatives or godparents This is when they received their pamasco or aguinaldo That's how we celebrate Christmas here in the Philippines That's awesome. Yeah, and that last one is definitely the most special Definitely make sure you see your relatives Because you never know when you're not going to be able to Do you go see relatives or Christmas? I went this past year for new years for better Let's say Typically yeah, really I'm gonna go this year. Yeah, because whether it be for Christmas actually yeah, it'll be for Christmas Because typically now it could be different so when I wasn't married or have kids Outgivism my parents and do a family thing there. Mm-hmm, but once I got married and had kids and stuff Our Christmas was us was just my daughter and I that's what I'm saying But if it if it was a full family would you still if it was you and Family would y'all still go on We've never been anywhere on Christmas day. It's always been just us on Christmas day. Yeah, yeah But I'm talking about like Christmas Eve like we have family get together is on Christmas Eve every year Okay, yeah, we typically didn't do any gather well with me and my parents of course because I'd write a few days early But it to me for me Christmas day is Special for the immediate family being my kids and at the time my wife Yeah, it's been the same that's that's how most families are at least that I know Yes, Christmas day you're spent with your immediate family mom dad or husband-wife kids typically Now with having said that's always Christmas morning and like lunchtime a lot of families will go have Christmas dinners with Family all we did was like do opening presents we'd go to like uh for the kids and stuff we'd go to like In laws and stuff that wanted to give gifts and stuff But beyond that that was just it so yeah, it's just cool. It's one of those holidays that literally can be done Any way you possibly want mm-hmm like growing up and we uh, we still try to Push this is we would actually read the Christmas story From straight from the bible we had this huge beautiful bible I begged my mom to find it for me, but she can't find it of It's got in fact the very front has a inlay of the major I tried looking for one the closest thing I could find was still like three thousand dollars for a bible. Yeah, I was like I'm good But we would read the story of Jesus's birth and stuff like that and then The next because it was always important to show what was important about Christmas right so I always have enjoyment with that stuff So Guys if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button please subscribe and hit the bell notification So you'll be notified when the next video drops and of course if you want to support us directly hit the join button With that being said my name is Miles and my name is feds. Thanks for watching guys. Peace out