 Hi everyone, Konchoua, it's Rufu from Japan. And today I'm gonna be doing a reaction video to How often do you Filipino speak in English by own QPA? So I'm gonna be checking out how Filipino speak English and why Filipinos are so good in English in this video. So I'm really curious to check this out. So I hope you guys enjoy watching this video and watch my reaction. So please enjoy. Hey? Asking people on the speed, green about already English. Sorry, that's not it. Okay, okay. Okay, that's so sharp. Watch your name. Can you please come to the pre-new watch? Okay. That's so cute. Okay. Hi. Yeah, hi. How can this be English? Sometimes. Every day. How long? Four times a week. Four times a week. Very often. Probably a day. I think we speak every day. Because she needs to learn speak English at a very young age. So that's why we try to speak to learn English as well. Come to a lot of people in English. We have a teacher asking English and the next. In class, the mission of instruction is to study English. When our teacher is teaching us to speak in English. Let's say you learn mathematics or like a science. So you learn it in English. Yeah, we learn it in English not in English. Okay, okay. Since when you answer our classmates, especially those who are foreign, we also speak in English. A lot of Koreans come to the Philippines to learn English. Do you know them? Yes, I know them. What do you think? Why do they come to the Philippines? Because I think the education here is cheaper. Here. Okay. Cheap? I think it's very cheap. And a lot of teachers are here in the Philippines. A lot of Filipinos can speak English well. And many Filipinos work in the course center, right? How did they learn English? I drew a school. In school? In school, that's it. Yeah, school. We have English subject up to high school. During the class, we are required to speak in English. So it's just a matter of practice. Ah, school, that's the most. And my television is up against my parents who are more into English television. And what they let us learn are less like the English one. They took the Filipino ones. We also read books. Interesting. The English books, yes. Whenever I watch movies or whenever I read books, I just remember someone for it or the grammar. Why do Filipinos speak better? Then most of people in Asia. It is because of the language. It's a bit close to the English language. The letters used are the same. Filipinos is a multicultural country. A lot of foreigners who sit here. And sometimes we are forced to learn English so that we will be able to communicate with them. Like, even though it's not a language, it's still technically the first language. Because even when you're just still young, like you're already exposed to the language. That's what the English is. That's what is normally used here in the Philippines. I see. Maybe that's our advantage. Because I think we all practice here. It is a must for us to learn English, I guess. For us to be competitive. Most of the subjects in school I thought in English that's why we're like fluent in speaking English. I'd say like 90 more than 95% of people in the Philippines can speak English. At least, basic or even more than. It's not a perfect grammar, but they can understand it. As long as they want, they can relay the message. A lot of Koreans spend a lot of time and money learning English in Korea. But then after all they can't really speak English well. They can't even listen to English well. What's the problem? In Korea, an English, the letters used are different. Maybe that's why it's a bit difficult. Oh, I see. This is a drive to learn. I think it depends on someone's personality. If you don't want to learn, you really can't speak it well. But if you really want to know how to speak English, it's just someone's drive, I guess. What could be one solution for Koreans to be fluent in? I watch movies, English movies without any subtitle. It's much as possible. That's a good advice. Well, when you're with your friends, just speak English or communicate in English more than in Korean. I think they should start also reading English books to help them understand and practice the language more. I think it's easier if you actually listen to other people's English. If you watch other people talking English, you're just reading a book. Because if you just read the book, you can understand the grammar. I see. How you write them or whatever. But if you listen to it, you can actually understand the language. How different are the letters and stuff like that? You should learn the basic stuff first. As you grow more in knowledge, you should learn the different kinds of terms that other people use. Because in some countries, there are English terms that they use that we don't know. So, you should also be able to communicate better. This was all the way unexpected. How old are you? 15. 15? So, young. Wow. How about you guys? Same age. Wow. 15. Is speaking English so well? Oh, so that's it. I guess you need it. Amazing. High school student? Yes. Wow. This is the level of English in the book. Hmm. Hi. Hi. How does she look so? Hi. Thank you. How old are you? 17. Daily jolly beat. Okay. What subject do you like? English. English. Wow. Okay, so that was how often do you feel the pen or speaking? English. It was really interesting to watch this video because I was always like thinking why Filipinos are so good in English. Although, like, English is not their first language and they speak Tagalog first. They are really good at English and their pronunciation is very easy to understand. And by this video, I was in bed like, even like a little kiss can speak English. That is really cool. From like, as Japanese, I feel that it's really cool because Japanese people in Japan we don't speak much English. Although we study English from like middle school, our English is like not good compared to other countries in Asia, I feel. So like, as like when I go to the Philippines, I get really like surprised that many Filipinos speak English. It also helps in a lot because I only speak Japanese in English. So like, when they speak in English, it helps in a lot as a tourist. Like, when I want to, when I need some help or like when I ask for directions or like everything I do in the Philippines, like if Filipinos speak English, it helps us a lot. It also helps a lot of foreigners around you as well. So thank you very much for like always like learning English and studying English and being so good at English being so nice to Japanese people. Like, I think that the Japanese people should learn this from like, Philippines as well because I think the Japanese people should be better in English as well. So like, I think we should learn from the Filipino language skill here. Like the English speaking skills that Filipinos have right here. Yes, that's what I felt from watching this video. Alright, so thank you very much for watching today. If you have more videos, you want me to check please leave in the comments section below. And also, there's some Japanese lessons online and also there's some music. So please check out more of my videos and check that out as well. Alright, so thank you very much for watching today. If you liked this video, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe my channel and check out the videos. And thank you very much for watching today. See you.