 We're on a guy's walk to another daily juice Monday morning here in Manila Yeah Yes, we're off to the gym this morning. It's a nice day. It's not too hot yet It's about 8 30 in the morning and the sun is out, but it's not that boiling midday heat Yeah, so we're going there is not a good day. No way. We're getting up early. We're off to the gym We're gonna pick up some coffee first of course Starbucks seems to be best option for us We're looking at eight hours, year and a half Yep Morning Two doubles for us, nice Thank you So you've just gone for a quick double espresso, just a little bit of coffee, just to give you a little wake up. Just something small, no, just a small cup. Sure! Workout complete, so I can have a shaky, my arms are very shaky. Back is so pretty, I don't know. We all did incredibly well. We all need some food. Right, we found this little secret spot. You guys are recommending this one. I thought a little commercialised, you know, check out the manager. We like it in between two shops, so with a lot of walking around, we've got it. It's just four of five, it's half a minute. So guys, you wouldn't believe what just happened, it's crazy. So before the gym, we went to Starbucks to get coffee, Nelly paid with a thousand pesos. It was 600 and we went to get 400. Oh, thank you. No, no, no. Oh, sorry. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Things are going wrong today. But right, and we went to get changed and, yes, Nelly had a Porsche 400 change and she's going to have some breakfast and we're getting our money to pay. And she's like, I don't know where my money's gone. And then she's like, I don't actually remember picking it up. So we've got, is there any round the corner? Let's go and ask them to see if they, like, we've left it on the counter, if they still have it. And they pay me back for that. They have it. Yeah, they put it on the side and it's just so nice. So kind, like, so honest. Yeah, exactly. So what it is. That would not happen in the UK. People would have thought, that person would have been like, yep, that's mine. They'd be in their own breakfast with it. Yeah, so nice. Good result. So nice. Lover. We're just coming to Toby. It's our first time back here since we're like, arriving in Manila and we're going to get some coffee so get a bit of work done. But it's now midday and it's stinking hot again. It's super hot. So we're treating in some with air for a little bit. It is. But we head back out later. We will also now give you guys some more information on where we're travelling to, what the plan is. We're going on a road trip. Back at Toby's estate. Ah, these coffees. Look at this. Love these black mugs. The coffee here is so good. It's one of our favourite spots. We've been working here. The coffee and work club is back. And we're going to have a wonderful, full-force. And this is where we came. This is exactly table and this side of the table is where we planned our first road trip. Our first road trip in the Philippines and that was beginning of January. And that was hilarious because we literally flew to Manila on the same day and we were like, okay, what should we do tomorrow? And that's where we came with this idea. And the next thing we had to go and find for our own change. We did. We're happy to announce that we are going on another road trip. We pick up a car in a couple of days. We've got the car sorted. We're going to need your guys help with a name for the new car. We're going to start because we've got a couple of days. You need to start commenting below some suggestions of the name. And if a few sort of jump out, we'll then maybe do a poll of like six names maybe. And the same in Mike and Ellie's vlog and all Instagram. And if you look at the comments and like someone's name suggested, make sure you like that comment. And more likely to see the names of the most popular. And then we can get the poll going. We're so excited. We're heading north. But further north, new places. We've had a ton of suggestions for you guys for places we need to go and see in the north. Things we need to do. So keep them coming just in case we miss places. So last time we kind of went a bit north and then we went west and then backed down south. Yeah. Back to Manila. And we only had like five days to do this road trip before because we had to get back to Manila to fly to Saboos in a lot of festival which was so happy we did. For this time we don't really have any ties or any places to be for the next two months really. So and we have no flights booked out of Manila so we can spend as much time as we want up north. And we like not take it slow. We still want to move around quickly into the loads of places but it just means we can go and explore so much more. Go to loads of different cities and like towns, villages. And we can just be super, super flexible. Yeah, we'll keep it very loose. Probably when we're going to think until five minutes before we check that out. We're spending this afternoon hopefully going around a couple of shops finding some stuff we've been making a little list of the stuff that we want for the car, once the road trip. We're talking about a karaoke machine. We've got a machine. We've got the guitars. We need to get Mike buzzed. We're going to call Mike to get the audience. We're going to go crazy. It's going to be fun. We're going to go crazy. It's going to be fun. We're going to take this car out to the max. So we need to have a good name. Up. Name's just been wise. The car's quite big. We don't know what color it is here. It's quite chunky. It's kind of like road cheese better looking older cars than younger cars than us. OK, we'll show you the car in a couple of days. If you're not subscribed to the channel, go ahead and subscribe now because you don't want to miss these vlogs. They're going to be so funny. We're all so excited. We love the road trip. We're ready. Road trips are the best. And we are trying to hit our goal of 200,000 subscribers. So if you can help us out with that, we would be so, so grateful. So we're going to go. We just want to do it in like three weeks time. I'm just not about the risky light. I prefer to be the light. Yeah, I know. He has no home all about risk. I got the evil Camille. I just want to do some Michael Tickley. Yeah, few of Michael Tickley. Yeah, few of Michael Tickley. Yeah, few of Michael Tickley. You're all fun. Yeah, so Mike wants to wait until the visa extended. I don't want to. I want to get it done today so we can then have an enjoyable 60 days here and after lunch, we're going to get some food now at the ramen place. I can't remember the name of it, but it's the one where there was a big queue outside. Last time there was very popular thing, and it's really good food. So we're going to get some lunch there. It's cooled down a little bit but it's about 3 o'clock now. So it's a sun's not as intense. It's just good. And after lunch, we're going to go to the visa, obviously in McCarthy. Hopefully it's not a huge queue if it is. is you might have to wait until you get up north and we're, I'm finding some other things a bit quieter, but if it's okay, we'll go there today. One thing we will keep saying is, and the last road trip that happened was that we kept not having breakfast because we'd be up late editing, wake up about not late, but like nine, ten o'clock, get a bit more work done, and then it would be like midday all of a sudden, and then we're ready for lunch. So we're gonna buy a massive bag of porridge, I think. This is something that we can have, if we're hungry, and that's one of the ideas we've had, but if there's anything that you recommend, we take with us, comment below, and to open sure ideas as always. And it's hard to make rice with a road a bit easier. Shhh. Shhh. Wait, there's no queue, another seat. What? Look at this, last time we were here, we had to wait like half an hour along the, maybe for a table. Might have to sit together. Oh yeah, last time, I feel like. Yeah, I feel like. Good. MUSIC My cannellis food have arrived. So the opposite of what happened last night were often my food arrived first. I'm with her. Now you're just as good as I remember. If not better. So as we are now in a taxi, it is of course time for. MUSIC My physics quiz. MUSIC Stop, I'm coming back. What happens to water if it's under vacuum and you cool it down to just below zero degrees? Does it? Oh. A, stay liquid. B, boil. Oh, does it see freeze? I'm going to go, I think you're. If we pick one each, what else can we write? I think you're trying to confuse us. I'm going to say it's still freezes. OK, George says it freezes. Nelly, what do you say? I say all of them. MUSIC Nelly, stop trying to keep it. It is. I think he explained it to me. I think it is all three of them. OK, well, my guess is going to be boil because I think now I'll be the most out there and I don't think. And you would all be right. That's why I love this question. I hope everybody is going to say something else. But everybody would be right because the water in a vacuum just below zero degrees, it's in all states at the same time. It just goes from boiling to freezing to liquid. Wow. It looks so weird. Is there any sort of method to it? Or does it, or does it, where everyone's sitting, it does? It just bubbles and goes backwards and forwards. Mind blown. Just to mention, you guys were not right because I said all three of them. It's three up to you. You said one up. But Nelly, it's got a question. It's there. I was right. I want it. We need to put the camera right now. It's going to fall out. Day one. Everybody is right. Nelly is a little bit right. My physics quiz. Fees are all extended. That was really, really easy actually. We went to the office just here behind us and it took less than an hour, like, probably about half an hour by the time we got cash out and queued up. We were like the first in the queue. We paid 1,000 pesos extra for the express service, which meant it was pretty much instant, wasn't it? So, so good. The girls are just getting a quick photo shoot because did it really happen if it's not on Instagram? It's now time to do a little bit of shopping for the road trip. We got some ideas. We got up our sleeves, guys. Of course, the real reason that we've come into this mall is, it's Toby's estate. One more coffee won't hurt today, all right? It's like changing plan. We were going to do some shopping this evening, but we had coffee and then we did, like, a little Instagram photo shoot in the mall. And then we kind of came back with the intention of going out for dinner, but then it got late and it's now quarter to 11. Yeah, so this happens sometimes. So road trip shopping will commence tomorrow. We're very excited. We've got some good ideas. However, this does actually help us out because it means that I now get the chance to ask you guys for some suggestions, what you think we should take on the road trip with us. So leave a comment on this video, what should we take? We're thinking like, as I said, karaoke machine, coffee machine. We're thinking like a little 10 in case we ever want to just pitch up all sorts of stuff. If you've got some fun suggestions, a road trip activities, then please let's know. We'd be very, very grateful for that. And we also, of course, as we mentioned, need some names for the car. So get those in. We're whittling it down. Roachie, I feel like Roachie was such a character. So hopefully this new car will have the same thing. Thanks for watching today, guys. We, the support overwhelms us every single day. Like we've just been reading through and replying to a ton of comments on the last vlog. And it's just like crazy. I don't know. It's amazing that you guys spend your time watching us and what we get up to. It's just amazing. So thanks so much. We appreciate it. If you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up. If you're not subscribed to the channel, please hit the subscribe button. Like firstly, it really helps us out. Secondly, you get notified when we upload. So you can be the first to watch it. You can be the first to comment. We reply to the kind of early comments on the vlog. As when we upload, we always wait for like the first couple of comments to come and reply to those. Then we go back and reply to more later on. And thirdly, I think there's, I don't know what the percentages right now haven't checked, but a high percentage, more people who watch the channel aren't subscribed than those who do, if that makes any sense. So there's more people watching us who aren't subscribed. But they're still coming back and watching. Then the people who actually are subscribed. So if you're one of those, if you are, hit the subscribe button. It would help us out. Anyway. If you want, we can't force people. You can also bring it on. Yeah. All right, guys, because we're trying to hit 200k, which is, which is just crazy. It's a 200k. Road to 200k. A hashtag. hashtag Road to 200k. All right, guys, we will see you in tomorrow's vlog. We're so happy with back daily vlogging. We will see you tomorrow. Brighten early in the gym. See you there. Bye-bye. Say bye. Bye. Bye.