 So, in this video we will be reacting to another street interview courtesy of my boy Calvin Castiel, who is also one of the BGC boys. The area where I will be staying when I'll be visiting Manila, yes sir. So yeah, he went back on the streets to interview more foreigners and the name of the video is foreigners on three things that made them decide to live in the Philippines. And before we start, Maliga Young Pascol, of course. And if you are new to the channel, welcome Maliga Young Pagababadeh Sa Akin Channel. Arawosio Vela, I'm a sound engineer, beat maker and content creator on YouTube. And with that being said, let's check out the video together. Let's go. Can you mention three things that made you decide to live in the Philippines? My first thing would obviously be the people. And they could speak English and the women. Definitely one of the women. No, he's honest. So, what was that language? Look at him speaking Tagalog. This is the first time that I've heard someone other than the popular singer Shakira named Shakira. Seriously. How is life on the Philippines or foreigners? Amazing. So, love living here, love living in the Philippines and the Philippines is amazing. Look at him. There's the question. Definitely 100% the people. The people are amazing and culture is amazing. Wow, she's very positive. Everything is amazing. I will say that the islands are amazing. So, I'm making holiday spots. So, you have just so many holiday spots to go to. The surf is amazing. The beach is amazing. And look the food. Guess what her favorite word is. Amazing. What the hell? The food is amazing. So, yes, so much to be offered in the Philippines. Just before we go, any advice would you give to a foreigner that wants to come and visit the Philippines? Ooh, I would just say make some friends in the Philippines because they will know exactly the right place to go and the right place to go check out. Thank you so much. I appreciate for your time. Thank you so much. What's your name and where you from? I don't know why, but I felt like she was maybe slightly tipsy. My name is Ayan. I'm from Belgium. All right. And for how long you've been in the Philippines? About four months now. Can you please mention three things that made you decide to live in the Philippines? Three things. Well, obviously the lifestyle, like the way of living here, it's way different than in Europe. It's cheaper here. And of course, my girlfriend. Hey! All right. I think you get to travel here in the Philippines. What is your favorite island here in the Philippines? My favorite island is Negros. What do you have to do? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What the capital? Do you like it? I love it. I haven't been to do my get it yet. Are you sure? Yeah, I had it good because the last time I was in Bohol, I think it's closer, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I should be closer. I didn't go. The friendly city in the Philippines. And it's true. It's true. I haven't been there. So definitely I'm going to put that on my list. Maybe I should go there too. Negros. What is like living in the Philippines, like the cost of living for you as a foreigner? I know you have mentioned that it's cheap. Well, it's cut in half, I would say, compared to Europe. Rental prices here are way cheaper than in Europe. Of course, I'm living in the big city. So that makes it a lot more expensive than living in the province, for example. But still, it's like cut in half. And I'm making European wage. So that's a good deal. That's an amazing deal. Yeah, definitely. Just before we go, any advice would you give to a foreigner that wants to come to the Philippines? Prepare. Prepare. Especially if you're from far, prepare, make sure you have everything in order. Because the Philippines is sometimes not really, how you say that, like, they're not really prepared. So they're like just doing it. Yeah, like something can happen even without you knowing. And certain stuff can come up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's about it. That's about it. And any message to the Filipinos watching us right now? Very simple. Yeah. It's more fun in the Philippines. Yeah. You know the tag line. My name is Josh and from America State Idaho. Oh, okay. Man. You recognize Americans just by their accent. Maybe you decide either to live in the Philippines or even to visit? Yeah, basketball. And they can speak English. Nice. Oh, wow. Straight forward reasons as true. Filipinos do love basketball. He said they speak English. Absolutely. And the women, they are beautiful. So yeah, I love the fact that he did not shy away from the women. It's true, man. It's true. They have beautiful women. Any island here in the Philippines? I haven't yet. I've just been here to Manela. So you just arrived? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So what was your first impression of the country? I first went to Chinatown. It's okay. And I like the basketball here at Carrey Sports. That's what made me come to BGC. And I met a guy that is the GM for Phoenix. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So he's got me to end every game. Phoenix? Phoenix who? Not the Phoenix Suns, the NBA team, right? It's probably like a Phoenix team maybe in the Philippines. People are so nice. Yeah. So it's been great. It's been great. And just before we go, any advice would you give to a foreigner that wants to come and visit the Philippines? Just like you. Just come. Just come. You'll be accepted. It'll be great. And since you haven't gone to any island, this is like usually how I do a foreigners. Please check Chargau. For me, that's the best island. Is it for me? For me? For a guy. It's nice as well. I mean, it's a big commercial, but it's good. But if you like party, what a card. If you want to relax just to have your time, Chargau. And thank you so much. We're at a free share for a time. What's your name and where you from? My name is Tyler and I'm from Canada. Woohoo! How long have you been in the Philippines? I've been here for one year and three months. Wow. Three things have been decided to live in the Philippines. My first thing would obviously be the people. The people here are very hospitable. It's all about the people. The number one reason. It's true. I feel like not enough foreigners mention food because Filipino food is definitely delicious. I really like the food here because everything is very well done. There's a lot of different types of flavors. And I guess the third thing would be the beaches. The beaches are really good. There's a lot of foreigners going to places like Paloah, Zimru, Laonian. It's a good place to go. Like island hopping, even in Pangasinan. So I think there's a lot of things. So yeah, before I stay in BGC, in Manila, in May, I will be island hopping with my brother. And taha, remember taha, I did a video with him. And by the way, you guys loved him so much that I will definitely invite him to react to another video about the Philippines. The dude, it's just a matter of having your itinerary and exploring the Philippines to its fullest potential. And what is, I guess you have traveled already here in the Philippines. What is like traveling the Philippines without speaking Tagalog? It's actually very easy because English is actually one of the most popular. Mostly because of the national languages here in the Philippines. It's actually English and Filipino. So not like other countries where it's very hard to communicate with the locals. Here people actually speak it. Yeah, because before my brother and my friend taha, before we actually go to the Philippines, we're going to visit Japan and Vietnam. And I'm pretty sure that we're going to have a little bit of difficulty communicating with people there because, you know, their primary language is not English. I mean, it's not even their secondary or tertiary language, you know, not like in the Philippines where it's Tagalog and English. Or more like Filipino and English. English, so you won't have any problem here in the Philippines, especially in Metro Manila. Everybody here speaks English. Well, at least 99% or 98% of the people speak English here. So you won't have any issue here. Okay. And just before we go, any advice would you give to foreign while coming to the Philippines? The thing they should probably bring and think they shouldn't do while they come, I mean, while getting inside the Philippines. I guess like always check your belongings. Obviously, you know, there's news of like people stealing stuff, so just make sure your belongings are safe. Just make sure you associate yourself with the right people. Make sure you have nice friends here that can kind of guide you on like the roots of the Philippines, especially if you're living in your Manila. Just make sure you get like that information before coming here. Just know like how much transportation is because like for example, if you take tricycle sometimes if they know that you're foreign or you're not old. Yeah, they would definitely overjoy you. Of the local prices here, you won't get ripped off. And if you ever go to like those local shops where they don't issue you a receipt, you can always ask your friends what the local prices are. So you don't get ripped off. So I guess that's my piece of advice. Those are fantastic advices. Never, never accept those contracts. Always go with the meter because a lot of foreigners don't know that. Whenever you're in the taxi, some taxi drivers will just say, oh, let's negotiate the price, but never never do that. You're supposed to be trying to rip you off. Nice. Just go with the meter without any of you. Okay, brother. Love my fellow Canadian man. He had so many wonderful advice, man. That was awesome. I mean, he answered all the questions properly. Oh, proud of him. Thank you so much. Okay, so that's the language. It sounds Portuguese. I think it's Portuguese. Yeah. And he speaks Portuguese because he's from Angola, right? From Angola. Yes. And I think they speak Portuguese and Angola. There you go. That's why I had a difficulty recognizing the language at the start of the video. Yeah, it is Portuguese. My name is Marina and I have been in the Philippines for almost six months. Like in our Philippines. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? I mean, kind of, you know, you know. Yeah, Calvin, this is amazing. So you speak Portuguese. You speak English. You probably speak Tagalog as well. I mean, you've been there for a while. And I'm pretty sure you speak another language, right? Because in Angola, they don't only speak Portuguese, right? So... I really like it because I think he is the biggest part of the Greek language. That's a good reason. I feel very good here because of that. Because I also have this religion. And other things, the islands that have here, the beaches are very beautiful. And beautiful islands. And some other beaches too, which are wonderful. And the city, right? In the happy traffic, it's very beautiful. Yeah, the traffic cancels. The city is just close to the supermarket, the one you need. It's a way to... I love Portuguese, right? This is beautiful language. Interesting. Thank you. Thank you. The foreigners who would like to come to the Philippines, maybe to visit or to live here. Look. Yeah, yeah. A change in life. Yeah. A culture a little different than Brazil. Brazil... Okay, so she is Brazilian. A little bit of their culture. But I think it's a very interesting experience that is very... in the big city. Something that you will learn a lot in your life. So, the Philippines speak English, because we speak English. So, it helps a lot. People, it's communicative, it can be communicated, it can be done what you need. Thank you. Thank you. See you guys on the head of the next verse. Let's go. What's your name and where you from? My name is Rustam. I'm from Russia. My name is Diana. I'm from Russia as well. For how long you guys have been in the Philippines, if you don't mind? What? For how long you have been in the Philippines? I think that's around two months. Two months. Okay. What may you mention? Three things that may you decide to come to the Philippines? The first one is work and work. We are building Salman Fintech here. It's Fintech Company and we are Asian-created carts and lawns for Filipino people. So, this is the main thing, actually. The second one, I think, that I have never been in Asia before and it's a very nice opportunity to learn more about these parts of our point. Continent. And the third one, I think, I mean... Yeah, Filipino people. Russia is part of Asia as well, right? Very interesting to learn from them, to learn from other different cultures. Yeah. What about you? Actually, it's the same because we work together. I would just add one thing that is trolling because it's very easy and cheap to travel around Asian and we've lost so many nice countries. I was dreaming about trolling to Berlin for a long time, so yeah, we hope to travel a lot here. So, just before we go, your favorite island in the Philippines? Oh, we only was in Palawan. Yeah, indeed. Yeah, but I want to go to... Hey, hey, hey, shaggyo! There you go. For me, as a foreigner, I've been in the Philippines for quite long now. The best island for me. I always tell these shaggyo. If you love surfing, island life... Yo, Calvin, I feel like someone in shaggyo should be paying you for all the promotion that you are making for the island of shaggyo. Seriously, you're like their sponsor. You really will, that island life is shaggyo, yeah, USA? Yeah, I just want to learn how to surf and that because of that, I want to go to Shaggyo. You're going to love it. And have you guys tried any Filipino food so far? Of course. But, yeah. He's not a fan. I think I've never tried because our colleagues and friends told us, like, never tried. Why? But me as a foreigner, you know, being in the Philippines, I'm going to lie about here. I'm sorry, you can't go to a foreign country and not try the local cuisine. It's important, man. It's part of the entire, like, touristic adventure. So, here there's, like, Manam? Manam? Yeah, there's, like, Manam, authentic Filipino food. If you want it, I'm pretty sure you're going to love it. Okay. Trust me. Because I know, like, the cuisine is totally different. The taste is different. But, go to Manam and you guys are going to love it. Trust me. And, of course, like, we're traveling, you got to adjust ourselves or so to the food. You're going to love it so that you won't be homesick too much. So, I would appreciate it. Please try some food, guys. Okay. Thank you so much. And, I appreciate your time. What's your name and where you from? My name is Ahmad. I'm from Egypt. How long have you been in the Philippines? It's been like, are you right now? Yeah. Can you please mention three things that made you decide to live in the Philippines? Actually, I'm studying here. I'm a... I'm studying students. My uncle also is living here. That's why I decided to live here. And living here is quite enjoyable to be honest. And I'm enjoying my time here because there's a lot of places, a lot of... So, yeah. What do you love the most about the country or even the people? The people here are actually kind of... They are really generous. They are really good with the foreigners. There's no such thing like... Or something like that. So, yeah, that's all. They're really kind. They are respectful. And what is, like, studying in the Philippines? Studying, like, actually, it's quite hard, especially for the medical... Competitive, you know, right? It's very studying hard and you're doing your best. So, you're gonna enjoy the living here and studying here. Okay. So, since you have been here for like a year right now, what advice would you give to other foreigners? Yeah, like, that they want probably to come or even to study here in the Philippines? Just for studying or just to, like, visiting the... Let's say to live in to study. To live, actually, you have to find a good place. And especially to have a good salary here because living here is quite expensive. What? So, if you can't manage your money or if you don't, like, know how to... Most people say that it's not expensive. So, this is a little bit contradictory. To live or how to choose where to live exactly, you're gonna really have lots of better there. So, if you want to study, it's better if you ask the Philippines or try to make friends from here. So, you can manage your money, manage your time, and choose a good school. Anya, that's all. Okay. Have you learned any Tagalog word? Just one. There's a lot. There's Naman, there's Paul, there's... I have a lot of things because my friends here are Filipinos. So, I know a lot of things here. A lot of things. Thank you brother. Thank you so much for your time. I appreciate it. You want to talk to Tagalog? What's your name? Just say Anubagalan more so it's like, what's your name? What's your name? Anubagalan more. Anubagalan more. Anubagalan more. Acoustic Alvin Paul. Anubagalan more so it's like, what's your name? Oh, you're talking Tagalog. In the form. Okay, guys. Thank you so much. I appreciate it brother. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. What's your name and where you from? I'm Sejad and I'm from Iran. Iran. Yeah, Iran. How long have you been in the Philippines if you don't mind? I'm four months safe from here. Can you, can you, man? I love the fact that he really interviewed people from all over the world. Right? We got an American, we got a Canadian, we got an Egyptian, we got an Iranian, we got a Russian, we got a Brazilian. I think that's about it, right? Three things that made you decide to live in the Philippines. Three things, maybe a lot good people, yeah, a lot good people and kind. And his country is cheaper, yeah, it's cheaper. See, that's why I don't understand why the Egyptian do you think it was expensive? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I like it here, I like it here. Maybe, maybe, uh, next year, go to Thailand because I'm a professional soccer player. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm a professional soccer player. Maybe transferring, yeah, Thailand and other countries. I don't know, yeah, yeah. I mean, have you, I mean, in these four months, have you adapted little bit to the Filipino culture already? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Little bit, little bit, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And he's still in Filipino food. Uh, Filipino food here. Hey, I love in Assal, in Assal. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I mean to, I love in Assal. Yeah, yeah. So should we, PM2? You gotta be PM2. PM2, PM2, PM2, PM2. What is that? What is PM2? I mean, which, uh, are you allowed to say to the team that you are playing here in the Philippines? Yeah, yeah, yeah, maybe I'm, uh, playing, uh, university, uh, uh, UP. UP? Yeah, maybe UP, maybe Athenaeo, I don't know. Yeah. I want, uh, looking for, uh, better for me. And just before we go, any message would you give to foreigners that, that they want to visit the Philippines? Uh, message. Uh, maybe come to Philippine. I've been, we come to the Philippines. Okay, so, have you been just means, uh, my love, come to the Philippines. I love the answer. I just want to say thank you so much for accepting. And guys, please, once again, subscribe. If you haven't subscribed to my boy, yeah, congratulations. If you haven't subscribed to the channel yet, just click there, click there. I don't usually ask you guys these, but your subscription is going to mean a lot to me and to the channel as well and to our community. So thank you so much and see you guys on the next video. Help my boy, Castiel, to get to 100k so that he can get that freaking silver button, YouTube Silver button. Let's go. That was awesome. It was very interesting and I love the fact that even if these foreigners are not very fluent in English, they still don't shy away, you know, from giving their thoughts and their opinions and everything, you know, they really try their hardest to speak in English. Oh boy, so clearly they like the people. They love the fact that it's cheaper. They enjoy the island and some of them like the food, not all of them. Yes, I cannot wait to experience everything for myself and it's getting closer and closer and closer. But in the meantime, let me know in the comment section below your thoughts. Maliga, Yangpaz, call of course if you're watching this right before Christmas or during Christmas and of course, Marami, Marami, Salamat, Paul. If you found value in this video, do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.