 Hello everyone. We're at Gary's back. You don't get worried at Gary's special ice tea here We were informed by the owner of this place actually that there's like some mango in here. Wow, we're big shot. Yeah Best ice tea you've had so far. I think so. I feel Gary But you know run out very quickly. Oh well. Luckily they use some water Guys, we are working on the audio. We're looking for microphones and things to improve the audio so bear with us Whoa, it's sweet Because what I see sometimes gives you with like a I don't know the tea that like tea aftertaste Okay, but then the mango replaces it as yummy. That is yummy But I only have this much of it Gary good job on the iced tea Not the proportions now For portions I mean not proportions also proportions. They come on. You gotta Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Gary come on. We got a ton of food coming We the owner just gave us a ton of recommendations and we just checked off a few boxes and now it's coming. Let's eat We We got calamari and fried seaweed. We didn't know the seaweed was coming with it It's not the max of portion. We were just flaming Gary's straightly iced tea portions They came back with the appetizer. We're gonna have to talk loud. We're gonna this first time. Yeah I've never had calamari before I had calamari once on the Amalfi coast of Italy. Oh, that's gonna be authentic. Yeah, yes All right You know It's not calamari rings that I'm used to seeing Oh Ready is really wrong. Is it Gary special? I think so. Gary you dog the breading like balls apart and it's like super It doesn't thought be and then you don't really get to like the fish you taste until like way at the end Gary did good. Oh good job Gary. Let's try the seaweed. Just I've had calamari before I mean I guess I've never had a Gary No Gary did good on the calamari. I've never had seaweed. I don't think at all. So this one's fried Seared basically is just like salt with a slight fish taste You really don't taste the seaweed in that it's just straight up fried and the fries really really good It is really bad. I don't know long time. Yeah, that's true. That's true It's like a bread bread version of like a one time like a crumb version really tasty I'm like an authentic that's super tasty really big. This is like straight out of the kelp forest and sponge roll We have more food coming. This is just the appetite. It's like as tall as your head almost. Thank you very much Oh, you lost all your seaweed. This is just fried out Is that better? It makes no difference. I can't taste the seaweed. I only taste the fried Hold a crunch on that. Oh good. Crunch delicious Update it's a leaf Not seaweed. That's why it didn't taste like the sea Yeah, oh look at that chicken You guys will be surprised on how good we can eat rice watch this And it's a yellow seafood rice all right time to dig into some rice here No, so this is some like special chicken. That's called something that we don't remember I did on the screen wow Do you oh your hands are too high wow, that's beautiful. Wow nice And some seafood rice that looks very yellow and it has an octopus in it look at that cute little boy I've never had holes there. I like the place in there Are you supposed to only eat certain parts of it and but die I don't know how to eat it out the post. I don't know how to eat this either This one you probably just eat it like with fork and knife and pull it out What's your ma call it's in here some clammy some clammy see when we think see when we hear seafood rice We think of like shrimp maybe some scallops maybe some fish not octopus and clams So this should be interesting just eat the whole octopus whole octopus. I need to get some Whatever this is one time I got scallop and shrimp pasta and I got terrible diarrhea. Oh no I hope the results aren't the same today. Oh, it's awesome sharing spoon Whatever that was in there That's literally just about one part Really like super tender like I could push it to the rip of my mouth with my tongue and it was very whoa And taste super good. Is that some corn in there? I love corn. Is that a blue ring octopus from Ozzy? I think so Rip don't get something on it. Yes, that is yummy very yummy very yummy 10 out of 10 yummyness Is this the best seafood rice you've ever had? I'm not sure. There is that one time. I got seafood rice at one time Uh-huh, it might have been a little better really just kidding. I've never had seafood rice in my entire life We're eating so much more seafood like we're actually eating seafood. That's not fish and chips the only seafood you get in Minnesota is late fish Yeah, it's all I Yes, it's chicken time yummy Look at the upper way on up There's more bones in here than I anticipated And becoming Filipino as we speak I think that's 10 out of 10 pro levels right there I don't know chicken with bones that much I only chicken Bones wings usually look watch watch watch watch I don't know what this is Now put it on there I'm not sure. I'm just gonna push that to the side. I'll try that later Watch back of the fork. Oh wait. Oh my god. Is that a Filipino right there? Are you impressed? Uh 10 out of 10 impressed levels right here very much That's really tasty chicken It reminds me of like real chicken like this I've had before but it also has leather like There's a lot of like nice seasoning sauce on it. I like this strobe way organ. That is a really cool thing. Do I look cool? Oh? It's not strobe anything. I don't know what the sauce is He said it's some sort of sour taste sauce It's really tasty when it has like some specs of seasoning on there as you can see it has the char probably grilled like the charcoal taste. I don't know what this is a time for a taste test of thing Is it taste fishy? I think I just eat the octopus penis There's another one here for me to try The anus is the largest part of the octopus the octopi are known to have massive anuses it was fishy But it was tasty I like it. This is good. We still have a lot of food. We still have dessert. We do indeed. So we'll see how to dessert. We'll hopefully finish all this It's not we always food. No, no, no, see you guys there. It's time Oh gosh, that's bigger than I thought. I don't know if I'm gonna go full bite mode on this. I wanted to sink down your throat Are you 11? Like do they both? Oh, thanks. Oh They in vertebrae Probably it would be hard to move it. Yeah, it's probably our Oh gosh It is indeed very chewy. Do you feel Like you're swimming on the bottom of the oceans? Oh My gosh, he's become what he has eaten. Wow. It's too weird. I can't bite through the middle part. They're like dumb Like how chewy we talk in. It's like dumb. If you couldn't bite through it all the way like rubber. Yeah They're not they do look rubbery There you go. I wouldn't have like Punching down and you'd make fun of this would it you should have just swallowed it whole Not your face. It just tasted like the rice base actually. Uh The texture it's not fun It was a challenge. It's all the challenges are always fun. Let's see where the only people here We're gonna need a box. It's a lot of rice He said it served three to four people and then he also added four to really hungry people But we also got another dish and then appetize. This is a big appetizer. Hello, Maffa We still have a dessert coming corn something. Yes. Well, we've again Whoa corn. It just says corn. Corn. Is it cheesy corn? Nothing can be cheesy corn. That was close. That was very close. I like it. It's just cheesy corn. We too Well guys dessert is served Corn we've never had any corn Desserts before and this is corn ice cream. Yes. We actually know what's in a food before we eat it. What? Very nice waitress told us everything some shaved ice some cream corn in here some sugar and then that corn ice drink that It's unique. I know it's true. I'm gonna try to have to spill Is it like corn? Hello, hello? Sort of is. There's a lot of ice in here. Oh baby Wow Cornie It's exactly what you would expect to corn ice cream. You have to say corny joke I can't think of a corny joke that doesn't involve corny Hey, have you rubin in Nebraska? No, it's pretty corny Oh By the way if you're that you don't know anything about Nebraska. It's only known for corn. It's just all corn fields Nebraska is epic. You gotta try this. This is so so interesting We look we're looking at the different desserts and this is one we had not heard of before Myse cone something Helios. Oh, it's gelatinous. It's a little leaky Whoa A taste like The like popcorn flavored jelly beans. Oh, I can see that you've ever had those before Jelly bellies. They have popcorn flavor. That's what this tastes like. It really does It's just like the sweet like corny and it Yeah, since it's like the creamy corn in there too. It's kind of got more like a buttery type Yeah, it's definitely butter Like some taste butter. I swear, is there butter in there? She said cream corn so maybe that the sauce of the cream Socks is maybe butter. I found like a little shell blackness piece There's didn't have any flavor. I don't know what that part is I just like the stuff that's in the pucopondon Maybe It's pretty good. It is. It's weird. It's weird because it's literally exactly what you would expect corn ice cream It tastes like popcorn. I mean it really does It's pretty good. That is really Like a unique dish. I don't know if this is like straight out of Philippines like it's a Philippines like Only if they have this in other countries too, but that is unique. We're trying unique things today We got to see food extravaganza. Yeah, we did everything here It's new to us Beautiful. Thank you Gary. Thank you very much. I'm so glad we got to meet you. Oh my gosh. We met Sorry Gary We met Gary at Gary restaurant That's just a reference to the fact that we met the owner this establishment. We didn't ask him if his name was Gary He was Aussie boy boy boy Thank you all for watching and that's how you pound some Gary's Just pretend we ate that Thank you very much Gary very cool Extremely hasty Good job Gary Wow That's pretty cheap that is for how much food we add for The biscuit boys themselves not to be able to finish up meal That means there's a lot of fried food and There's still only like 20 something bucks 26 bucks you have so biscuit boy that proved Biscuit approved That's gonna be the new Michelin Star as biscuit boy thumbs up The biscuit boy thumbs up there may be an absurd about a restaurant that I'm biscuit boy thumbs up And they just randomly scattered across the whole Sometimes they don't make donalds No McDonald's Philippines not even posting it sorry McDonald's Philippines was not good No It was like us McDonald's and us McDonald's is not good. You're up McDonald's is better. Yeah I'll play you enjoyed joining us on this food journey Oh See you next time. I know a lot of people are like oh when you guys are gonna go to the province We're gonna go to the provinces, okay? I'll just let you guys know our plan here our plan here is we're slowly expanding our circle of places we go to like Probably like a few weeks will end up going to some more downtown places maybe like a week for you guys I guess and It's gonna slowly expand until then eventually we're gonna start off We're we're not like the other travel vloggers that we're here like for a couple weeks or a month we're thorough We're gonna be here for a couple months at least The V-Sex extension is coming. Yes, we're leaving Just Singapore for like a weekend because we have to leave We have to have an exit ticket, but otherwise we're staying here for multiple months. Yeah, so be ready Oh, let's go home