 Stika is aware. Stika is aware. Stika is aware. What is that? What is that? I have no idea. This is the first time in my life. Kumusta Kaya. Akusimak Sim. Welcome to our channel and oh my god, YouTube has grace us with a gift with an amazing suggestion. It's about really pinot celebrity who remove their makeup. I love Suji, love makeup and me to be honest, I have never once in my life put makeup or cream on. I don't know the name, I don't know anything about it. Suji, love makeup. So it's going to be an amazing reaction for her and me. I'm going to be an alien coming to this world and not understanding anything. For me to this worth an actual gaffy video, I will not understand anything and I'm sure that it's going to make a good reaction. Yeah. So please go to our Instagram, max underscore suji to give us a suggestion or consider subscribing. The more you subscribe, the more YouTube is going to recommend our video. So it's absolutely amazing. If you love us, please subscribe. If you love this reaction, subscribe. If you don't like this reaction, subscribe. If you're there watching us and you're listening to me right now, subscribe. Okay, I'm so confusing about him. Bye bye. Okay. Let's go. Well, this one insisted to watch. So maybe she want to make up one day. Yeah. I did it for every time though. How can I do that? First step, get a wipe. A wipe? What is a wipe? Like a cotton? A wipe? A clean? A clean? Oh my god, her singing music. I'd hurt? Oh my god. So tough. Especially me. You're going to be so rehearsed with my humble face. Oh my god, I love this makeup. I'm so relaxed. A couple of days. No, for a few seconds. Just to have milk the makeup. Soak? Yeah. There's water on it? Yeah, you probably. Oh my god. Because it's the ever so gentle with your skin. Usually, eye makeup is so pretty. It's also lip makeup. Lip makeup. Lipstick remover. Those are the toughest things to move from your face. So one of the things I would like to do is lipsticks remover. I would like to soak. So it's another type of tissue? It does have tissue but different liquid. Oh. I use some milk as a wipe to remove it because it's so pretty. Oh wow, she's so pretty. I need some face more relaxed. So I'll start with my teeth. Oh, I love her accent. Whatever accent that is. I'll then make sure. Oh my god, she not even need any makeup. No? I'm so good for your skin. So I'll just put it on the side of the face. I have to take care of it. Let's after. After it's your turn. Is she famous? She must be. Yeah, it's a contour. Wow. Oh my god. Oh my god. She's so pretty. I love her eyes. Oh, this is the head. What is that? Contact lens. Oh boy. Is it coming? Oh my god. Oh my god. She's so pretty. I love her eyes. Oh. Wait, is it contact lens to change her color? Or is it just normal contact lens? Change the color. It was like blue. So she took it out. Now, her eyes kind of got. Oh, but that's so sad. Why? Because your eyes come from the sky. You know, come from God. The eyes, then that was so annoying doing that. You know. And look at the beauty. So I don't think you care a lot for that. Is it pushing a little bit too far? Is it pushing your eye color? No. I would say that the eyes are the most precious gift that you have on your face. I think you need to remind it naturally. No, no, no, just my opinion. Oh, it depends on the taste of the product. I think that's why they change the color. Oh, okay. She has bigger eyes than the other, right? Yeah. Then, the eye brows are a lot. It doesn't need anything. I don't know if you have eyes, but it's okay. But everything that we have is mascara. Wow, she looks a foreign with her nose and her lips. I have a lot of mascara in my eyes. Even though it's a long eyeliner here, I have a lot of mascara on my eyes. I don't know what the eyes are. I feel like I understand. Why wouldn't he remove it? It took like a little cry or something. Is it like the tears are going to come out of the eyes? Yeah, sometimes it's kind of sting because you're like touching your eyes. Oh, wait, did you think it took on a oil? This is pure coconut oil. Coconut oil. You use that too? Sometimes. I don't like the eyes. I don't like the eyes. It looks really nice. It's a base. I don't like it. I don't like the makeup. I don't know what she's saying, but it looks funny. Do you know why I heard that coconut oil is not that LT? Where did it? But that color. Do you know about it? I watched the guy he bites actually and he said sometimes the coconut oil is not really good for like your pores, something like that. It's going to some kind of stock on your pores. So some people might be allergic or like if you have like really oily skin. But I still really love coconut oil. I do think it's really like give you a lot of moisture on your face. Yeah, I think you need to know exactly how to use it. Yeah, like if you don't use those products, well, I think you can hurt you. Yeah, I mean, even like fit with your skin, I think you're going to need to study a little bit. But this one, I didn't use anything. It's just pop up. The pimple? Yes. Yeah, it'll pass remove that pimple. Keep talking about it every day. Oh, it's here. It looked like an old music from... Cotton buds. Cotton swab. Cotton buds. Cotton buds. I like it. Eyeliner. I was going to try it. Oh my god. Oh, it's a lot of face. I think it's the most natural component. Can't remove already. Why is white here? What is it? I think it's a bit of oil that she put. Oil? Yeah. It's a lot of different brands of makeup. So I know it's a lot of oil. I'm going to try it on my brands. But she's naturally more white, right? Right. Yeah. I think it's a lot of makeup. I don't know what to do in the store. Damn, I learned more when like we don't make a lot of makeup. But it's not a brand new. Yeah. Oh, it's a lot of makeup. Christine is really nice. Actually, I'm really happy. It's a little gentle skin. I'm going to try it on my skin. I'm going to try it on my skin. I'm going to try it on my skin. I'm going to try it on my skin. I love having the big cheeks, right? Yeah. It gives a little bootier smile or something? I love that makeup. Oh, it's so sad. It's so sad. The good thing about Eurecinear makeup and coconut oil is it's actually very good for your skin and for your hair as well. Your hair is also good too. My tips? Oh, yes. It's a beautiful, beautiful, and shiny look. She's me, she's Universe Philippine. Oh, yeah. Last year. It's a very, very good spot. I'm sure that's a lot of people who are going to try it. It's important. It's important to have skin. It's important to have skin. Seriously. Wow. Something I don't even see the different lip lines. They remove it. It's like, well, they don't need anything for it to make up. But the skin color change, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. This skin color kind of changes. So, be here, you can look at my makeup. You want to appreciate the makeup. I like to use coconut oil or any type of oil. I'm super into mascara because I just found out my eye areas are very sensitive. Yeah, she has an effective eye color. And if I can't make up today. Red? Yeah. I find that it's really abrasive around my eyes. I like to use oil and my fingertips to break down the product. So, I'm just getting ready for my eye. She always, to me, has some of the much interesting eyes. Yeah, right. The style of her eyes is so interesting. And I love her nose, though. This is going to look a little bit messy because I'm a scarf. I'm going to go everywhere. Well, she has a very unique face. Like... What? What? What? She needs to be more... No, but she's a remover, right? Black. Oh, what a mess. I'm going to take the bag of hair. What? The hair is so big. So, if you know, I'm a sticker, I'm a sticker. The sticker is where? The sticker is where. The sticker is where. The sticker is where. I'm a sticker. I'm a sticker. I'm a sticker. What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? I have no idea. This is the first time in my life. You have no idea? It's on her neck. What is that? What is that? It's for her hair. What is that? Oh, I think she has an eye. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello, hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. I think she has hair extension or not Oh, it's for the air extension? It's all in a sump So satisfying and moving makeup I live in myself to use it Oh, she looked really young She put them in less waste Like, you have an old rule tag Every time I go home to work with heavy makeup Are you so much white for that face? I end up having one last one for Reynex That was the one I'm going to be doing with extra That's why I came up with a form of technique And I was able to remove all my makeup from my face Oh How long does it take to remove makeup? Oh, I mean, if you like went to like some kind of long evening I think it's kind of maybe like 10 minutes Oh, 10 minutes and even if you have a lot of makeup It's not going to take too long It's depending on you, you know If you're in a rash, you're going to like kind of remove a lot But it's like If you have fun removing it Yeah, but I mean if like her right You need to do it really gently Oh yeah So more than the next time A little bit like some people that use the cotton Like with the makeup remover And then after that you have to cook that oil To make sure it's clean, wet or something Because I heard story of people that put makeup for three hours every morning And I'm like, where do you have the time? Do you wake up at 4 a.m? Yeah, that's crazy to me but I'm going to put on my new eye lashes Because I'm going to be a little bit I was like that, I was like I was like that, I was like I was like an experience I was like Experience I was like a little girl What? Wow, our skin looks soft Yeah It's just hard to remove the face Yeah, it's not always too long Because you put glue on it, right? Oh, that was hard I was like, I was like, I was like, I'm going to eat your eyes Oh, it's not cute I'm going to do it I was like, I'm going to put on my makeup I'm going to do it gently Yeah, my very love Yeah, I brow Everyone's here Night eyebrow The girl on the left, the girl on the left, the personality reminded me of Alex Alex on Zaga She speaks like her too Yeah How are they? I love your lips This is a pink It's my heart Pink lips No But I went I have a question When you have skin like a brownish like that, like Latino kind of skin Is it easier? Because why do girls sometimes they're going to put makeup and it's going to make them look white but it's like snow white or something They are so white that you know that they've put a lot of makeup But when you are maybe Latino and you put makeup To look a bit more white People would still think that you did not put many makeup It's more easy to hide your pimple I think when you're feeling versus white Right or not My things are because like they call foundation Foundation Yeah, to put it on your face It's going to have like different like color Color change So it's like if you are having brown skin You need to like buy the one that the color shade Me or your skin the most And like if you white Even sometimes you know If you see some white people They also like put in Product to make to make that skin dark But you need the face to make it even more white For like people face right The most important thing is the eyebrow Yeah, I know For me because I think if you have a really like nice eyebrow Like this one I think you don't even need any makeup I mean just for my opinion I just thinking too much I want to take my eyebrow It's like one, two, three, like three hair Here I need to dry it every time I would think that it was to make the skin smoother And not no pimple And just smoother skin in general That's one of many reasons But actually I know nothing about it I think gentle I said be gentle I think it's okay This is not good She doesn't have a lot of makeup though This thing? I've been doing all this No that's why I asked Like No I feel like I need to do I think I'm not gonna do anything Well maybe they do but it's You know Sometimes don't you speak so much after See even to wipe it out Her eyebrows do the same Is it me or she look more white after We're moving to make up Yeah yeah Everyone almost white I hope I'm not more I don't know how this is Because usually your neck is gonna be darker than your face Yeah your neck Yeah The mask is off The mask is off You're still pretty But yeah Seriously Okay That's it Done That's how I pick up my Uh, did it I so curious Did you really remove everything? It doesn't look that different I think the main difference for me I do not even know this is the other The main difference for me is the Outfit Wonders skin to be a little bit smooth Just like when we make a reaction video Right We're gonna decide the quality of the light So our skin is a little bit Tanner So it's a mask a little bit of the imperfection But I think that's the equivalent of What they're doing with the makeup right here Yeah Doesn't seem to be a lot Well I think this is what the video is about Even like they have a really strong makeup On the face but when they remove it That fit is still a more to say That means they don't need any makeup They have like really Like real beauty Behind that make You know they make up just because they need to go for an Even to make it's like Fit with the light or whatever Because they need to take a lot of photos So it's a style right You're gonna make it match your clothes Match where you're going and everything Yeah So yeah Well Yeah I love their eyebrow That's the thing I'm gonna need to make eyebrow tattoo So did you keep talking about eyebrow tattoo And I'm like why Because it's One eye to bigger You have it right now Yeah Oh my god See I would not Not even Z Because my eye is quite small We went up with the double eyelid You know it's gonna see Suggest don't take long to make up 10 minutes 20 minutes It shouldn't take long actually It shouldn't No Depending Yeah So well Thank you for watching everyone Please tell us more about The Filipino makeup and this tree right now Well Very good Please suggest us more I still don't listen more but I try Maybe Maxi means to try make up one day Thank you for watching everyone And see you next time Bye bye