 Moving to the Philippines is a very difficult decision, a very scary decision, someone like me. So Philippines is a good place to live, 100% yes. It's got to do your right, here I go. Oh you, you're not so pregnant are you? Not sure. So our job is to tidy up outside the house. You can see it's a bit of a mess. Some of this is left over from the building works, most of it isn't ours. It's got a lot of mess there, we really need to do what we can to keep the clean, keep the snakes away and we've already started planning to site the house and garlic, some ginger, some lemon grass. We need to do more of this as these things are great deterrents for snakes. Thank you everybody for all of your suggestions or of your advice. We're going to do what we can, we're not going to take any chances but also we're not going to let it stop us living here and enjoying life. It feels like this is a part of nature and you have to learn to live with nature. See anyway, you can't go through life being afraid, being fearful, it's got embrace and enjoy. So I've started to bag it up, this I will be exposing them correctly, a lot to get rid of. We have some more bamboo here to finish off with a few tasks, a few jobs. I'm not sure who's cows these are but there's always some cows here it seems. You can tell I'm sniffing a little bit, still struggling. Some cows here least they keep in the grass, a bit shorter and I like my friend. Don't chase me Mr. Mew. I'm not happy are you? I'm not happy with you here. This is a country of friends, okay? We get on together, this is a country of friends. So there might be snakes in this field right next to you right now, poison the snakes but you can't live in fear, you can't let fear stop you doing what you love to do. Moving to the Philippines is a very difficult decision, a very scary decision of someone like me. I've lived in the UK my whole life. I've been to the Philippines a few times. It was still scary though, a scary decision to make but you can't let your fears stop you doing what you really want to be doing in life. I always we never would have moved to the Philippines, never been enjoying life like we do right now, living our dreams. It may sound like a cliché but it's absolutely true, we really are doing exactly what we want to be doing in life. And we've only just started, we've not traveled much yet, we have so much more to do, so much more. We just need to get a little bit more healthy at the moment and die exercise as things that we are doing but we really do need to try a bit harder so we can make the most of our lives here. It looks really bad, it's nice. They're from Davao, they are in Watermelon. I think they're not, they're from not up well. Okay, they're okay. There's watchmen that say they're not in Homevoque yet. Not in Homevoque yet? No. Davao. Davao. Let's go now. 40 per kilo. 50 per kilo in the public market. So actually we're walking home off the city, we're going to get some stones and box some decoration for our secret garden that we're working on at the moment. Probably the best place to know what for this sort of thing for a lot of walks, even slabs, decorations, even kitchen countertops they do here. Got a great range, great prices, they do offer delivery if you need it as well. I'm going to get some good stones, some good decoration for our garden to finish it off. So it's 700 pesos for the green one for one meter squared, just basically like one whole top level. There's different colours and prices. It's got like the yellow one but it's a bit weaker, it's not as strong as the green one. And we have some of the green one over it, it's always been good as no cracks, no nothing. It's lasted really well. Is it like marvellous effect? Really nice. They've got a lot of here, a lot of choice. They've even got imported granite, just great for kitchen, all bathroom. Lots of these stones for walls and pillars. And these also are what we're going to need to pick up at some point, these for landscaping our driveway out of our house. Stopping being so muddy. The green one. James were pairing the grill behind us. Kind of barbecue. We've had us still been on and off, a bit of rain, a bit of sun. We're going to make the most of it. The season's definitely going to start to change. I would say January, February, I don't visit the Philippines if you like the weather to be good. But March, April onwards, definitely, definitely the place to be. Definitely consider coming to the Philippines if you want. A great holiday, great vacation. It's been an extremely wet January and February. I've really wet start to the year. But the prospects for March are better and just hope we get some great weather. And I'll see you at Garden. We're almost there now. Almost. Just need a couple more things that are coming through the post through Shopee. And then we'll be done with 95% there. And we can't wait to show you what we've done. There James starting the grill with her mother. It's got quite a lot of light there, side now. They're also the powered with nothing wired, electric right side at all. It's all completely 100% solar and it really is effective, really brightens everything up. It really does give a great ambience to the outside now. And the best part of it does not add to your electricity bill whatsoever. Now electricity bills are going to be another topic for us very shortly. We're going to talk about how ours has changed this year. And it will surprise you what we've done, what we haven't done, and differences made. So the cost of living definitely has gone up all around the world, including the Philippines. However, we might surprise you with our upcoming vlog. So Philippines is a good place to live, 100% yes. Is it a good place to come and see? 100% absolutely yes. We love living here. We wouldn't change your thing. Our life is now how we want it to be. And we're in control of what we do. We get to spend a lot more time with each other. We get to see families, see friends. Not my family of course, but hopefully this year soon we will. What's that? It's too small is it? It's too small. Ah, they have a piece. There's a middle. There's a middle grill. Yeah, there's a longer one. That sort of sits underneath. So we've got some solid wood doors to go on outside. Much thicker. These will be much better than much thicker. We placed our light in the cubo with a much bigger 500 watt cellular light. It's very bright. There's three options. Warm, cool, and yellow light for getting rid of mosquito's or distracting them. So, but as you can see in the background this jeans, masterpiece of a table, hood design, who are you? Who are you? I built it all with my own two hands. I had a jet lag. I wish. Yeah, I'm not very good at carpentry. We had a relative do it kindly for us. Did a fantastic job. You need a table built and you're in this area of lady. Drop us a comment. We give you his details. I'm sure he'll be happy for the work. He's done quite a lot for us. We did all of our tiling out here. We did the tables. Man of all skills, really. Sometimes you call people that have not one particular thing as it jack of all trades, but he's actually learned a lot to do. We've helped him by giving him jobs to do. Giving him experience. Allow him to work out how to do things sometimes. As when you're in the Philippines, it is harder to find helpers, builders, workmen. Whatever you want to call, it is hard. When these doors are done and everything's done, it's going to be finished here. Finally, we can do what we're doing now every day. This is what we've always wanted to do. Eat out all the time when the weather's better. How's it going? Almost there. Not too bad. So that trade is not too bad as it was any cheap, but it seems to fit perfectly well. We can always extend it, make it bigger, but we're not going to cook that much away unless we really, really start to entertain, which we might. You like to, aren't you? Yeah. That's the whole point you're doing the garden, isn't it, really? It's not just for us, but to entertain. We like having visitors, we like having guests. We really look forward to sharing a lot of memories, a lot of laughter, a lot of good times here in Philippines. When you do move to the Philippines, especially as a foreigner, you can feel a bit left-right sometimes, can't you? It's good to make friends, good to meet people. Always great to meet people. We've really enjoyed it. We met Paul this month. We met Ryan as well. And hopefully there'll be more people we can meet this year. Okay, I just got her. I can't really take into hunting us. I can't really take into hunting. I can't really take into hunting. I can't really take into hunting. I can't really take into hunting. I can't really take into hunting. I can't really take into hunting. Oh, baby, I feel high. Oh, baby, I feel high. Oh, baby, I feel high. I let the sky on the skin. I let the sky on the skin. Oh, baby, I feel high. I let the sky on the skin. Oh, baby, I feel high. I let the sky on the skin. Let me breathe deep, let me get away. There's no...