 Welcome to Military Combat Network. For those people that knew to the channel, my name is Drake, I'm a serving soldier in the British Army. And I react to military content because I'm very interested in learning other cultures, other militaries. And if you knew to the channel, please consider to subscribe. Okay, so today I'm gonna react to the Battle of Marawi, 150 free days at war. It's been a video request for a lot of people. If you ever want me to react to a specific video, please leave a comment in the comment section and ask me to react to it. Let's dive into this reaction and look at this horrible, horrible war. Yann, David! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! Destruction. Where is the last one? Where is the last one? I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! The spare. We're in a Muslim cemetery in Marawi City. The remains of 27 bodies recovered from the Battle Zone are buried here. Local terror groups attempt to take over the Islamic City of Marawi in southern Philippines during the Holy Month of Ramadan. What do they want? Establish a caliphate where ISIS or Daesh will rule. ISIS, they are horrible, horrible people. They are ideology. People that need to be wiped off this earth, honestly. They just cause grief and misery everywhere they go. It's war. Filipinos against Filipinos. Soldiers, terrorists, battle over territory and flag. President Rodrigo Duterte declared the martial law in Mindanao. It's the biggest crisis of his young administration. Armed Forces Chief General Eduardo Anio vows to use his new powers to defeat the enemy. We will use this special powers of Marcelo to defeat this multi-group and other armed groups who are of connector belt and trying to dismember this part of the territory from the Philippines. The West Bank Residents flee. The once bustling Islamic city turns into a ghost town. There's no easy explanation for the tragedy that hits Marawi. The clashes start in a village called Basak Malutlu, where the military spots a most wanted terrorist leader and moves in to take him. That's it. Yes, so obviously I've reacted to a battle of Marawi over a year ago, a different video to this. The fight in its intense, it's close quarter battles, building to building. It's just a very intense war. It's unfounder public living there, normal people, civilians, getting caught up in something like this. Which they shouldn't. It's unfair. It's not human. Obviously when I reacted the first time to the battle of Marawi, they were using normal civilians as human shields. That's how low the ISIS are, the Daesh. There's not much I can say to them. Bullet holes on freshly painted walls show the intense firefight that erupted in this safe house in Basak Malutlu. The Marawi crisis started here. This four-story building with a red gate was the target of a military raid on May 23, because here they spotted Abu Sayyaf leader Isn'ilan Ha'pilon. The first clashes erupted here. ISIS names Isn'ilan Ha'pilon its top leader in Southeast Asia. The veteran terrorist leader, based in Basilan, is responsible for so many atrocities in Mindanao. He has long been the subject of a manhunt. In Marawi, he joined the radicals who grew up in the city. The Maute brothers led by Omar and Abdullah. They all pledged allegiance to ISIS. We were able to take the troops because they wanted to kill Isn'ilan Ha'pilon. They were able to take the troops from the city. But the people of Basak Malutlu and the people of Basak Malutlu were also able to take the troops from the city. Ha'pilon escapes arrest yet again. What happens next surprises the generals. Armed Marawi residents rush into the streets, wave the ISIS black flag and attack strategic points around the city. They occupy a Maipak-Pak medical center. They harass come run out, the military headquarters. They surround the city hall. They did not intend to take over the city hall because they were sentenced to death. They release prisoners at the city jail. Set ablaze the protestant run down Saland College and the Catholic St. Mary's parish. They take hostages along the way. Move towards Bangalore, the city's commercial district, where they hold out for months. Marawi Bishop Edwin de la Penya is away when the terrorists attack the city. But his residence is packed with workers in the middle of preparations for the Catholic Fiesta. They were ready captives when the terrorists came in. They take his right hand man, father Chito Sugano in church staff. Nakarishi Bakunantawa using the cell phone of my secretary. But to my surprise the problem is, that's the way ISIS operate and we all know about how they operate. It doesn't matter who you are. They're going to take you, take you captive, behead your film and put it online for everyone to see just to create more film. We all know that they're not going to take you captive. Thoughts what they do. The busiest I spoke to him was ordering me to do this and that. He was giving me his demands. I was able to pay for the military that they declared ceasefire. The bushop here is crying in the background. The man gives the phone to father Chito. The bushop gets in touch with the military and receives instructions to keep communication lines open. I called back. I was the one who contacted them that I have already relayed the message. I didn't contact them. I didn't know the line was cut off. The armed men also target Dan Salan College. A protestant runs school. The Mahute brothers attended as young boys. The busiest I spoke to him was the officials who were the military that we used to use as our teachers. We used to use the bushop to get the bus out of the van. Of course, the busiest I spoke to him was the police. Father Chito is also forced into the van and of they went to Bangalore. I got to go and then my stopover came in Bangalore. That's the busiest I spoke to. The busiest I spoke to was the van. We used to use the busiest I spoke to. For days, the bushop fierce father Chito is dead until the eighth day when he appears in a terrorist propaganda video. Please consider. We want to live another day. We want to live another month. We want to live few years. This is Baloi Bridge in Marawi City. At the height of the war, it is one of the three critical bridges in the battle area. It has seen a lot of fighting and death. It's still day one of the siege. But it is already close to midnight. First lieutenant Heraldo Alvarez takes two armor vehicles and 19 men with him to rescue a wounded officer and bring in reinforcement troops. When I was in Brigade, I saw the bullets that were flying as soon as they reached Baloi Bridge. The bullets were flying as soon as they reached Baloi Bridge. The bullets were flying as soon as they reached Baloi Bridge. The bullets were flying as soon as they reached Baloi Bridge. Inside the enemy territory, he learned that military armor can only do so much against rocket propelled grenades or RPGs. I wanted to raise my attention because, as I was then walking under the funeral, I used an RPG to follow the scene. Thus begins the biggest battle of their lives. Their training, his leadership is put to the test. They apply first aid on each other while they repel the attacks. Even though they are still angry, they are still angry. I said that the risk of the war is not that high. The rescuers need rescuing. But by then, troops can't cross below the bridge anymore. I said that the enemy's snipers forced the pilots to leave. Because they were not able to cross the bridge, they were still not able to cross the bridge. I was afraid that the enemy would cross the bridge. The enemy's snipers forced the pilots to leave. A chopper comes for them, but the enemy's snipers forced the pilots to leave. Alvarez and his men take cover inside houses nearby. Look at the destruction, guys. Just look at this image. There's hardly anything left standing. That's what unfortunately, that's what the Philippines had to deal with for a very long time. On the PIM fight for many years, and that explains why the military is so good. And the training is so brutal to get people ready for war. They try to restore the vehicle, but to no avail. They are on their own for days. They run out of bullets. The driver volunteers to get what's left in the other vehicle. They are the ones who are fighting. They are the ones who are fighting. The enemy's burn the houses troops are occupying. Alvarez loses another man to enemy snipers. The air force is not able to get the rocket on the north, and the expulsion. So, what do you think about the enemy's fire? After several failed attempts, rescue finally comes on the fifth day. The enemy is going to be in trouble. The bullets rain on them as they move towards the extraction point, where choppers are waiting. They are waiting for us. They must have been an intense five days for these troops. They are not afraid of the fire that's burning. Alvarez brings home 15 of the 19 men he brought with him. A remarkable achievement in the battlefield. He is nominated to receive the highest combat award, the Medal of Valor. I think we should be careful because it's like we are going to fight in the battle of the bullets. It will take the military two months to regain control of Baloy Bridge. The bloodiest day of the war happened here. When 13 Marines died on June 9, 2017. Marawi is not always used for loose firearms. It took a while for residents like Abdul Mohamed to realize it isn't the usual redo or clan war anymore. At the end it was quite canceled when we made these comparisons as soldiers started to bear with this incident and look up how the war had been being done over the years. He evacuates day 5 from the clashes to theius enemy. We should know each other and remember that they have heard multiple people call deserves praise. But escape is not as easy for others. Neighbors turn into heroes, in the rush to rescue civilians trapped in the battle zone. Wow. Look at that. Normal civilians, you know, risking their own life to help the fellow Philippines. In areas, rescuers cannot reach residents like Anisa Mokado brave the crossfire. The cellphone ball ended and we saw that fire is this far away from us. The few times we shot the In the middle of all the violence, residents like Naurodine, Alon to look man and his knees, make a stand to defy the radicalism the terrorist espouse. Muslims protect their Christian neighbors. I told my Christian friends who are with me that I will die first before they kill you. Exactly what you've just said. The want to drive a wedge between the Muslim and Christian population, that's the goal. If you look at Iraq, if tried it there, almost succeed it. The want the public to change the opinion on Muslims, you know, just to staple in making art a little bad. A few individual people who've got a narrative to do something like this for their own personal gain. That's all it is. Back in the safe house in Basak Malukut, the military covers a video showing Happy Long and the Moulti brothers planning the attack, along with Malaysia's most wanted militant Mamud Akman. It confirms the foreign fighters are in Marawi. The video is part of propaganda footage the terrorist shot. The problem is Islamic caliphate is that it's like what happened in Mosul when a lot of people occupied Mosul in June 2014. General Anu says the raid in Basak Malukut followed a bigger terror attack. They're not able to fully deprive other forces, actually even additional forces from AKP and GAAF. Supposedly they're not able to pass up. But because of what happened when we made the safe house and made 23, we got also the copy of the beatchos in that safe house. Now work like the imprimary general had. But it also shows how much the military underestimated the enemy, despite intelligence reports weeks before the attack. The military operations are led by men who hunted down Happy Long for years. Lieutenant-General Charlie Galvez is chief of the military command responsible for almost all of the areas in southern Philippines where terrorism is a threat. Politician Mujiv Hataman worked with Galvez when he was a young officer in Basilan. General Galvezpo, the western Mindanao commander, was sent to the island of Basilan. So he was able to meet his son Happy Long. The ground commander in Marawi is his classmate in military school. Major General Rolly Baltista also came from Basilan. с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с с сuy. Okay, sniper. This is how the war is fought here in Marawi city. It is urban warfare. The main battle area is about 200 meters away. The Marines here who are used to fighting in the jungles occupy tall buildings. And snipers here bore a hole on the wall so they could have a view of the main battle area. The soldiers were killed by snipers. So they were killed by the enemy. They were killed by the enemy. Two days to clear two buildings. That is a long time. Obviously, as he just said, the constantly on the sniper fire. So there's nothing else to do about it. The building is in the middle of the day. And we are in the middle of the building. We're looking at the 105-millimeter cannon of the Philippine Army. We are 200 to 300 meters away from the possession of the enemies. It's the final push to end the war in Marawi. And from here, we can already see the tallest building in the battle area. The CND center point where one of the officers of the army was killed. The Philippine military fought urban warfare in some Wanga city in 2013. But Marawi is so much worse. Army. Air Force. Navy. Combined forces in the biggest, longest, and bloodiest operation of the Philippine military. The way it looks to me, you had the Philippine scout rangers involved in the war. The Philippine Marine Force recon involved. Obviously, the Philippine Air Force as well. So basically, all services combined fought the war in Marawi. Since World War II. Allies come to help. US, Australia. Fly surveillance planes to help locate the enemy. China sends rifles. The mission is complex. Neutralize the terrorists while making sure the hostages are safe. The military resorts to air strikes. Torifying residents like Normira Pangaruman, who fear bombs will destroy their homes, or kill loved ones still trapped in the battle zone. The bomb is very strong. It's very strong. If you have a single shot, you can shoot. I have a problem. I just wanted to shoot. I wanted to shoot. I just wanted to shoot. I couldn't shoot. I just wanted to shoot. Weeks later, she is reunited with her family. But her nightmare is all too real to the military. At least twice, bombs accidentally hit troops. Wow. Not good. The Marawi War forces young officers to grow old beyond their years. Billy Kodjam left military school only three years ago. In June, his company was pulled out of Bastilan to join the fighting here. I was in a war war. I had no experience in urban warfare. What was the most common thing in urban warfare? Urban warfare is sniping. And the most important thing is to make the enemy attack. The enemy attack is the enemy. And then they will attack the troops. They will attack the enemy. He won't forget his first battle in Marawi. The mission, clear this green building that serves as an enemy stronghold, a shown in videos recovered from the enemy. This is what they will do to protect the enemy. Colonel Mon al-Modivar is Kodjam's battalion commander. In the first days, there were a few days. There were a lot of depends on the combat. And we are not afraid of the enemy. Scout Ranger, we strike. They certainly do. The building of the enemy is on the road. Any components you will learn will be good. When you fight against. I decided to defend my battalion commander. I don't want to help him. The disadvantage of disigment is he<|es|> is that they have to guard to continue wars, It will take them four attempts in a span of three days to take the building. One soldier is killed. Troops push on and learn new tactics along the way, but so do the enemy. The mosques make good hiding places. We are limited to strike the mosques or the people we are building. Because of the cultural sensitivity and respect for religion. The mosques are safe and they are safe. The mosques are safe and they are safe. They also bore holes and dig tunnels. The military can found buildings with air strikes, but enemies can move from one building to another using these. Same as the battle and Mosul. We watched that a while back. It was full of tunnels. Basically, ISIS dug a lot of tunnels, moved from one building to another, fought the war like that. We are going to improve the tactics of the mosques. We have to adapt to the ability of the mosques. We are going to the 6th floor. If hexivity is said to make applications, we could see the sites and the mosques that they can collect until they are found. The mosques are legal for the mosques. 4 thousand. 5 thousand. A new problem emerges as troops close in. Improvise explosive devices or IEDs. The battle area becomes even more complex. Troops need to move fast to evade enemy snipers, but not too fast or they will trip on these bombs. The death toll rises. Death is always there in the direction of the enemy. The enemy is in the direction of the enemy. Boom-fault in the grave. Just think about that. We are expected from the people of the Hoka. However, we are leaders. We try so hard to protect the people of the Hoka. Almodewars' third scout ranger battalion later plays a big role in ending the war. The war against ISIS-linked groups in the Philippines did not start in Marawi. It's in Booting. The war against ISIS-linked groups in the Philippines did not start in Marawi. It's in Booting, where the Mahoute brothers operated for years. It just happened that the mother is a very good person. But she was also a good person. The war against ISIS was a very difficult situation. It was a very difficult situation. Booting is no ordinary town. It's host to one of the biggest camps of the moral Islamic liberation front. The country's dominant Muslim rebel group. This is how the peace process is connected to the war in Marawi. The father of the Mahoute brothers was once a member of MILF. He and his sons rejected the political solution the group as pauses. The creation of a new-bangs-amorra region that will give Muslims wider powers over their land. The Mahoute's preferred the radical ideology of ISIS and decided to carve their own territory. MILF Peace Panel Chairman Mohogher Igbal says they work to counter the spread of ISIS ideology. Only the factor of the MILF is preventing the mohdi group to recruit so many people to their side. But the lace in the peace process erodes the MILF's influence, especially among the young. The leadership of the MILF belongs to the first generation of leaders. They are advocating for the political resolution of Beconzikimina, which government has not yet complied fully, especially the passage of the VBL. In terms of moral ascendancy, the MILF is taking something from the moral ascendancy of the MILF. It's become a battle for legitimacy. In 2016, the town that enjoyed relative peace since the MILF embraced the peace process becomes a battle zone once again. We're here at the municipal hall of Batik Town in Lennow, Dilsur. Last week, the Milti group occupied this abandoned municipal building and for the first time raised the black flag of the ISIS. Happy Lone joins the Milti brothers in Booty. They received funding from ISIS, for in fighters also come to help. Clashes moved to Piagapot in April, and then Marawi in May. The wedding of Noreen Shabashair and Joe Marza Umay lives the spirit of the evacuees of the 10th city in the town of Pantar. Marawi is the best place to live. It's a very important place. Life goes on despite the difficult situation in evacuation centers, but it's a long wait for the war to end. Inside the battle area, hostages learn to live with their captors. Lloyd Vin Acopio is tasked to attend to wounded Mauta fighters. Dr. Oma, I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it. He loves to go. I'm worried that three days ago, I didn't see patients. Of course, the monitoring of the commotion, the monitoring of the fire, the fire, the fire, the fire. I have a situation that can turn left and right. For three days, you already had children. One of the members of the situation was with a firecracker whose area is far away. Is it dead? One day Omar Mautef finds him crying. Omar, you are doing the work. Some people know that he weighs a lot and have the ability to do everything. He meets Happylon himself. We have all accounts for his cannabis. He has a very high counsel, rotating happens. I find lie to these people that their speech is bes did it. They learn to pray like Muslims, but all the while they plan their escape. Before that, we have plans to make a lot of progress. We just saw the operatives. Because they are very happy, they are happy, they are happy. They are happy to have the same family. We are only about 400 meters away from Batu Moks, where troops had an intense firefight with the enemies. They overwhelmed them and were able to rescue father Chito Sugano. Nice. After 117 days in captivity, they are free. Preforming for Roma Healing Recovery. Thank you very much, God bless you. Troops push forward day by day. The last of the enemy strongholds fall one by one. Isn'ilan happy on the Mautez put up a damn good fight. But on October 16, 2017, they meet their end in Marawi in a salt that kernel al-Modevar leads. A bullet to Happy Long's chest, another bullet to Omar Mautez head, put an end to their reign of terror. I am confirming that the thunders are near of ISIS in the Philippines, and Abu Zafi'er is nylon happy on. And the last of the dreaded mountain brothers over Omar Kaya are both dead. Good. It's good, but look at the destruction as I said earlier, just because some people's ideology is going to take a long time to rebuild the cost of everything. Yeah. This is what's heartbreaking going inside the battle area. We see how houses are destroyed, and we're seeing human skeletons among the debris still to be retrieved from the battle area. The crisis is not over, beyond rebuilding homes, and burying bodies claimed by the longest wars in World War II is an urgent cry to address the root cause of conflict. There are boiling issues to resolve to prevent Marawi from happening again here, or elsewhere, Parmelephone-Wena-Rapper. Yeah, interesting documentary. Very sad. Guys, if you enjoyed this little reaction, please give it a like. If you new to the channel, consider to subscribe. Leave a comment down below. I do tend to read all comments. If it's a lot of comments, I can't reply to everyone, but I will do my best. I'll see you in the next video. Take care.