 Love how respectful Filipino culture is. Oh, we know. There's some friendly people down in the Philippines, so... I thought you were gonna say down under. Ah, down under. It's supposed to be down under, but not there. But yeah, this is an interesting Philippines video. I'm gonna see what this guy says. He must be somewhat white dude that moved to the Philippines for a little bit. And he learned about some stuff and made some videos. And that's what we're gonna be doing. So, we're gonna check out our vlog channel. We're gonna be posting all these videos. So, it wasn't learning things about the Philippines vlogging around. It's gonna be a fun time. We got the tickets booked. We'll be there very soon. Two months away and things are about to go down. If you enjoy, subscribe. Down under. Down under. Like the video. More coming soon. Here we go. The Philippines takes respect for their elders. Very seriously. Respect for elders. I did not saw a line at Burger King specifically for senior citizens. At a Burger King, you would never see that in America, especially at a fast food burger restaurant. It struck me like a light bulb. If you listen closely around the streets of Manila or the Philippines, you'll hear words like pa, a, day, and koo-ya. These words are better. Sometimes people call us pa and call us. Yeah, what does it mean? Thanks. Thanks. Thanks for calling us old. Oh. That was nice. Pa is basically Mr. and Mrs. Koo-ya is used for when you're talking to an older male. And a day is used for when you're talking to an older female. In English, we have no words for this. I don't call. We were to do that to some Filipino person. Would they be like, oh my gosh. Would they be surprised that they get to rest as that? Maybe. We can make it. They'll vlog. We just show the camera in their face and then do it in the reaction. Oh. Pa, I almost said, oh pa. That's Korean. Pa, pa, and I'm like, are you recording me? And then we can, uh, with a picture of the star from Kung Fu Panda and shove it in their face. Oh, oh, oh. Thomas. I might as just a Rachel, Ate Rachel or Mrs. Rachel. I call her Rachel. Even further, it's common for grandchildren to ask for the hand of their grandparents when they walk into the house for them to place that hand on their forehead as a sign of respect. It's called the Manopal. And I actually made a video about this a couple months ago and it did quite well on Facebook. My point is that- What I do when my grandma comes over is I go, yo, what up, Granny? Yo, Korean, how's it popping? Yo! Philippine takes respect for their elders very seriously. And I think that's a pretty cool aspect of their country. But I actually wondered, like, why do they take this seriously? I like calmerty. Well, it's culture. It's deeply rooted in Filipino culture. It's, take care of your elders. It's take care of your parents. And I also think that it has something to do with how family oriented the Philippines is as well. It's somewhat common in America to put your parents in an old age home when they get older. But here it's common for the parents to come and live with the children when they get older. They care more about the family. They have that Uttang Nala ob, which is basically translated to a dead of gratitude. While in America we might forget what our parents did for us, they do not forget, but their parents did for them here in Philippines. And this term, this Uttang Nala obit, it runs deep. It's not just, I'm going to pay you back later, or it's not just like a debt that you have. This is like a togetherness. This is like, you're sort of bound to someone's soul. You know, this isn't just like, oh, you know, I'll get you later. I'll pay you back five bucks. No, this is a deep or togetherness. I know, it's my granny. Yo, granny, I got you at the five-bucker runies. Here you go. Granny! Runs as deep as anything in life. Our grandma used to swear, oh, she still does swear. She swears a lot like cuss words. And then whenever she was in a cuss word, we'd go, I'm like, oh, shut up. Yeah, it's very interesting. I'd be like, nine probably, 10 or 15. It's sort of like a huge Filipino trade if you think about it. I know Americans care too, but it doesn't run that deep. You know, it tends to not run that deep. Is he still in a type B? He's not going to travel four hours. Someone who didn't know me. He traveled four hours to come and see me at a meetup every day. I've had people who just met me, throw out the table for me and place tons and tons of food on the table in front of me. Five seconds, I'm shaking my hand. This is a country that cares, actually cares. And that's one of the big reasons why I've continued to stay here, the fact that I want to stay here for longer. What do you think about this? Do you think that showing too much respect can go too far? Did you learn something new? Did you like it? Please let me know in the comments section below. Thank you all so much for watching. All of our... Tom out. Tom out. All of our jokes aside, that is really cool. I mean, we definitely have heard all about the friendliness, so we didn't know too much about the respect towards elders. Well, that's a... What's talking on culture? Real talk here. Let's just break it down this way. Old or young, some people suck, some people don't suck. So respect the people that don't suck. Exactly. Maybe the people who do suck, you don't need to respect them as well. That's my philosophy, honestly. Some people are bad. I don't know why, this is what we ended up getting to. You know what I mean? No time. Hopefully you guys enjoyed another video. It's really interesting to actually see the different... Just how different countries treat different people. Obviously, this guy is very enamored and amazed by how much respect there is for the elderly in the Philippines and it's different in the US. It's different all over the world. But we'll see. We'll see what it's like when we're actually there. First. And... We can't trust anybody until we see it with our eyes. Thanks for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Sorry for hissing at you guys. I didn't mean it. I did. Bye.