 I just remember the dancers just being so switched on like so with it. That is that sequence. I love that sequence. That entrance. He was built for this moment. I don't know if you all felt that energy and felt that presence, but that's just the writing on the wall. He is so electric right now too. Why is he so buff? This man is built. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Power. Okay so I don't know how met like the capacity of this arena. Where did they perform this actually? I know it was in the Philippines right, but let me look up the call same letter. I'm going to say they look so built for this moment. They're not jaded at all by the magnitude of the event. But then again they performed in the biggest arena's ever. I mean, you know, in the Philippines and stuff. So I'm not surprised, but yeah, I just... I'm going to look at the... I'm going to research it later. And the way they transition from song to song, that is lit like... And the details, the moon, the little sticks, shadows. They're setting the scene though. The way Ken holds a mic is so cool. He holds it like that. I like how they're like in different parts of the stairs. This is stability. Crazy. They really get air with that particle. Ooh. Yeah, the dancers, they need a race too though. Because they're... The energy is just flowing. That guys me. We're both not in like that. Oh, I wish I got a wide shot of that. This is a way Pablo walks. It's just like... I just know what look cool. Oh, what's up, Minji? Okay. They're feeling it. This is dope too. I need to see that again. It's like a tudding, but it's not. It's like... They're... They're a whole transformer right there. Oh, also. I can't believe I didn't mention this, but when I was watching the stage... So maybe I should have a preface in the beginning. I did see this, but it was also midnight and I had school the next day. So I was like a little sleepy, but I remember I was watching it with the lights off in my room, and then I had my iPhone and I was just like watching it like that. But I remember when I was watching it, I was like, how is stealth so stable when he's like walking down those stairs. Look at that. Look at that. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. The timing is so precise. Oh, she was high. She was really high. Oh, I remember also watching. I was like, cameraman, y'all need to do your homework because that was Ken's part and we missed the first two seconds of his, uh, his close-up. It's okay. I forgive you. A, A crew, but if I was on that crew, I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't make a mistake. I'm just letting you know, but all the dancers were like, A, I guess he does look like he's rapping because he's like, ad-libbing or he's like, you know, did you see that? The mic throw. So professional. Oh, he's so cool. Yo, he is such an inspiration though, like, his eyes don't lie. His eyes never lie. He is so built for this moment. I mean, they all love it. The way they structured this song order and like, okay, now N seems making the entrance. Like, so meticulously crafted, so smartly done. I don't know what I'm doing with my hand. I don't know what's just frozen there. And yo, shout out to N team as well. Like, they definitely brought the energy and I, I really respect that. I don't know if it was S, B 19 who reached out to them or if it was kind of just a mutual like, Hey, let's or maybe it was a little workshop. They were like, Hey, you guys want to work together and make something happen. But, yeah, because whenever a group works with another group and they're doing someone else's song, they're a team at that point. It's funny because their names and team. But yeah, at that point, they're no longer two separate groups. They're like, yo, we got to entertain the crowd. We got to make the most of this moment. And, um, yeah, I really, really big ups to everyone involved dancers. I can't talk about the dancers enough. Y'all really, I got to find out Instagram something because y'all really, really cited. No, no, no. Is that straight kids? I think it's straight kids. I know. Pankchan, he updated his like bubble thing to get to. Oh, he's so clear with it. Oh. Josh is dancing alone like, okay, maybe I should be nice. I was just going to say like, I think you know what? 2024 no filter. This is, I'm just going to say what I feel. I've been, I've been saying what I feel sometimes I hold back a little bit. But when S.B. nights, like when you see S.B. 19, I don't know, work show like this and you see all these other artists. You become cognizant of the competition that the music industry really is. And I don't, I don't like to view the music industry necessarily. Oh, we're just like life. It's in general as like a competition, but it's also something to be aware of like, I just contradicted myself, whatever. You have to realize like there's real competition out there. Like I feel like S.B. 19, like just showed up everybody in this audience. Man, I might get canceled for that. That's my opinion. I think this was highlighted the night. I think this was the performance of the night. And yeah, hate me. I don't care. I, I'm just saying like whenever groups want to make a song in 2024, like a, or a comeback or project, or whatever, like y'all got to be aware of like what's out there right now. And be ready to like you better come with something. I'm pretty sure there's a lot of groups that are watching. We're watching at this moment and we're like, oh, this is the group that a lot of people have been talking about recently. Like I, that's, there's a reason for that. Yeah, my, my tummy just growled. Cause I'm hungry from, I'm hungry from more song. You feel me? Pablo is so in his own. Oh my God. Oh my God. Do the rehearsals for this must have been insane. That was so electrifying. That was what word can I? That was so like so much fan support to and we love that we love to see that. Man, there's just no one doing it like this group. I really feel like this was the superior perform, for superior performance of the night. And it just, I as a fan, it blew me away. Like as a, which is like, I feel like this was the moment for them to show the world. Hey. We're here to stay. They did that and then some, you know, they know how to keep their fans engaged at all times.