 Good morning another little bit cloudy day today. No rain I don't think but nevertheless not a blue sky. So we now would like to demonstrate something very important for those foreigners that walk along the roads here in the Philippines. As you can see from the camera I am on the right hand side of the road which means the cars are coming up from behind me and there is a white line that decides the edge of the road. Now you could call at the put path in a sense it is but in reality it's a dangerous zone as well. Now mum and dad in the past would have told you to always walk facing the traffic that's coming towards you. Here in the Philippines it's sometimes better to walk this way with the traffic behind you. Now you could argue that you can't see the cars that's about to hit you. That's true but let me demonstrate something to you. The cars are coming along and the motorbike. We are across the road now and we're now on the opposite side. We're on the left hand side. Now you would think that this is the safest place to walk because while the cars are coming towards us and the motorbike we can see them coming towards us but what we can't see walking on this side is if we turn around if like the bus that's coming along now if some idiot decides to overtake that bus along this lane here you may well get hit by the car without two being aware that it's coming. I wait for a little minute they may well be. Now you see the motorbike no indication just crosses the road. If he didn't spot you might get a little touch on the back with his wheel but there you are just a little snippet for the start of my thought for the day. Which side of the road are you going to take? The side that where you can see the world coming towards you taking the risk of what might come from behind. But if you go to the right hand side you can see the cars overtaking in front of you from the other side of the road so you can step aside but of course you can't see the idiot that plows into you from behind. So it's just that is my thought at the start of my thought for the day. The other thing of course is in the process of walking around still part of our barangay area. It's not actually our barangay but it's next door which is called Kaparitan Norte which just means North Kaparitan whereas ours is South Kaparitan. A lot of quite modern homes along here. Some quite established, quite grand. Again an example of what happens on a highway. People tend to build nice homes or good businesses up on my right when the van decides to pull out of the way. You will see a very traditional house, a two story one on a concrete base but it's an old traditional home with all the filigree and all the lumber cladding on the upper part of the home. Quite a, that's a cup and do I like, I like the look of that home. A family home maybe built maybe a hundred years ago. A really nice home I think. I would love it as a renovation. Anyway we're approaching the arch that welcomes travelers to Nagillion. It's a boundary of Nagillion really at this point. Then of course it changes from Kaparitan Norte to another area, Balai which is the next park or the next area between there and here on its way to O'on. This is the home of the family that make collar blocks that many of them around here in the Philippines. It's quite a profitable business and they have the luxury of being a pretty big supplier of them and it looks like they're selling them like hot cakes because normally you can't see any of that. It's all a big wall of collar blocks. Anyway we're at the top of the hill and by my voice you can see I change my breathing pattern. But as everyone's aware at this time of the year it is Christmas in the Philippines and everywhere else around the Christian world and as a result different things are celebrated different ways of celebrating. They all have their different ways locked into tradition. Whether the traditions here and the Philippines which is sort of driven probably by marketers pushing their wares at this time of the year. Hello having to buy a big spread of food to put on the table for the 24th of December which is traditionally the Catholic time when we eat our food after midnight on Christmas day because we will have attended in their mind midnight maths which is a massive following here in the Philippines. But one of the things which is sad because the Philippines is one of those places where the corruption and I'm not saying the corruption of the country in terms of politics, officials, I'm not referring to any of that because that's everywhere in the world. But I'm talking about the innocence corruption in the world where so many things happen because we're forced by people making the decision that we must do this and we must do that. But there are different reasons and one of them is of course Christmas even for a poor family they still will have some food, special food. It might be just one orange could be a bunch of bananas whatever it is it's a demonstration and a symbol of their devotion to celebrate Christmas here in the Philippines and to sort of verify and make it seem more real they take photos of the family around the table with the plentiful food maybe just a big bowl of pancit Bahon for everybody to have and to eat and to enjoy on Christmas Eve. The idea of giving gifts is often a very small gift because of the value of buying gifts for everybody in the family is pretty hard. So the idea also is to just carry out the symbolism of Christmas a time of sharing time with the family time reflection in religion some might say time to be hypocritical because whilst some have got enough to feed themselves many here in the Philippines don't have that luxury and therefore Christmas is just another day for them a day where they have to find and locate a meal some kind of food to nourish themselves and it's not always easy because in the Philippines it is illegal to actually beg so there are some people who will punish those poor people for trying to get a few pesos for a meal. I've never really understood it but as a guest in their country it's not for me to ponder on it too much therefore we won't go any further on that subject but you know somebody's started to build a home looks like they're proceeding a little bit further there's a small house very small house but it's a home this is one thing about the Philippines is that you can have a piece of land and you can develop it virtually building codes are on paper and they're generally followed through common sense rather than regulation nobody wants to spend harder on money on something that will fall down and be of no use anymore or have to be retrieved and rebuilt again these are lovely pieces of land here for building a pole house but people don't quite see it the same way oh look somebody's it looks like somebody's doing something here they're putting in a dug out the footings so somebody is again building something here every day there's always something going on here in the Philippines and I'm very grateful for all of you guys and girls who follow my channel and subscribe and make some wonderful comments they spur me along for my thought for the day some wandering chickens whereas your home he said but if you live in these parts of Cabaretanso or Cabaretan Norte you may find yourself walking down roads like this to different areas that I've never really explored but the offer and the opportunity is here as a foreigner we have time on our hands we are none of us know for how long but it opens up all kinds of possibilities for our life to be nourished by such things as beautiful trees lovely photographic areas foods for thought and we're now going down the hill my goodness I've got to walk back up this one too but I have never walked down here before but they look like they're putting in a little bit of infrastructure here to make this area a bit safer for landslide because they put in a great big retaining wall and it looks like their family are building another home alongside what is another very modern home here in Cabaretan Norte somebody is spending a lot of money I think so nice big retaining wall along the front of their property you see you can wander around your own area when you're in the provinces and refresh your mind your spirit everything just by having a little walk you can have a little bit of exercise a bit of nourishment for your eyes and time to reflect all these things or even being run over by a van only wide enough for one vehicle at a time but this is the joy of just living your retirement here in the Philippines all of the other issues that we've discussed become again just part of one's daily challenges time when we can reflect on did we make the right decision I don't think any of us who have finally decided to come here would turn the clock back and not come here because to do so would be true first of all admit failure which none of us want to do that but also we would be missing out on our final years in a place where we can relax enjoy and just simply soak up the feelings and views not only visual but also points of view of others around you the friendly filipina the friendly filipina faces the beautiful ladies all of these things that mean something in our lives so if you like this video don't forget to like share and subscribe and I do hope you have a lovely Christmas no matter where you are in the world it looks like I can still go a little bit further so you can see the better homes there's always another area that you will discover when you least expect it these little gems show themselves beautiful trees ducks floating around looking for scraps and various things some people disappearing quickly because they see a camera or maybe they just see a foreigner now isn't this a delight for a little area here traditional homes built a bamboo a little compound here in gods heaven in the Philippines isn't that beautiful now that's a discovery that I never expected to find here this morning on my thought for the day look at the trees over low over hanging the how the homes this is real Philippines this is the Philippines I came to be a part of so if you like this like I said before don't forget to like share and subscribe and I'll see you later bye now