 is the Philippines a third world country. When I was there last November, there was this crumbled buildings. People were living in this slum. I saw Seth Wattisaw and I was just shocked. I also discovered that, you know, Marilla has areas that look like Singapore, which is BBC or Pakati. It's quite a contrast. What's up Philippines? Welcome back to another reaction video with the host Nelly. Yes, we are doing it again. We are reacting to a video. Woo! That is called It's the Philippines a third world country. Very good question though, very good question. Because it may appear so, but as I mentioned many, many times before here on this channel, there has been a lot of change. And I don't think that people are acknowledging it. And you know, when people think of the Philippines, they think of an age of like people being tour, but this slowly is shit happening. There's a lot of development happening. People are tuning these as well. The economy is growing. So I think we'll just watch this video together and evaluate if it's true or not, right? Let's just jump right straight into it. Is the Philippines a third world country? What do I think? What do Filipinos think? And is it a good idea to hire people there? Oh, okay. My team is also from the Philippines. They helped me produce these videos. I'm in the video about why I hire people. Very, very grateful for them. And we talked about it being a third world country. I got hundreds and hundreds of comments requesting that I change that and that I call it a developing country, a developing nation. Yeah. And that definitely describes what I saw when I went there last November. And so they are definitely a developing country. I mean, they have the technology. They have the skyscrapers. They have the internet. My team does amazing work. They're highly educated. So they are the developing country. When I think of a third world country, I think about people that live remotely, that live in huts, that live in the jungle, that don't have running water, that don't have electricity. And you know, there are so many islands on the Philippines that I'm sure there are millions of people that are still third world in the Philippines. There's just thousands and thousands of islands. But the area that I went, you know, within so many of our old radius and both ways of Manila, you know, there were freeways. There were gas stations. There's fast food places. There's skyscrapers. There's internet. There's free Wi-Fi. There's convenience and growth. Yeah, but those skyscrapers that we in Austria. Definitely a developing country. One of the reasons why even though you have all of these amenities or all these resources, is they still have their struggles. They have internet, sure enough, they have power outages. When they have hurricanes, it's really devastating to that country. I guess the hurricane is devastating to any country. Let me put it this way. I mean, the minimum wage is really, really low in the Philippines. In fact, let me bring up my computer here. Okay, so I had this on my screen earlier. Let me just show you where the Philippines is. All right, we come across the Pacific Ocean. There we are. Some people don't know. Philippines, tons of islands. Apparently, there's like 10,000 islands in total. Manila is the most populated. There's other big cities like Davao down here. But I got off track. We're coming here looking for minimum weights. One thing that I found that was really helpful was this map. You see that, according to this color code, the darkest regions is up here. The 10 to $16 an hour, down to the blues that are the five to $10 per range. All the way down here to like this light, purpley color, and then we get gray for no data or no minimum wage. So we see that Canada and Australia in parts of Europe and England have the highest minimum wage. United States is a little bit lower than that. You see some countries down here in South America and in the Middle East. Oh, I noticed a pan over here. Then the color starts to get lighter and lighter and lighter. And notice that kind of the lightest purple, you see lots of this through Africa. You see some things through India, Mongolia. But you see the Philippines, right there. The Philippines. And if we go down and we check that looks like the minimum wage of zero to $1 per hour. So it depends on what color Philippines you're in. I'm sure if we zoomed into a whole map of the Philippines, you'd see that in the heart of Manila or the heart of another big city in the Philippines, incomes or minimum wages are higher than that. But in other places, it's lower. Besides the low minimum wage, it's actually really hard to find a job in the Philippines that pays really good. Now, a good job, what people are willing to do for $400 a month, they're willing to leave their home and family for six months at a time to go on a cruise ship or to go to another island. Yeah, well, good job. And send that money back home. They're willing to really make a huge sacrifice for $400 a month. So that's a great opportunity if I were to step in and offer them more, say I paid them $500 a month and they could work from their home and they only had to work 40 hours a week and they could have a flexible schedule so they could dedicate time to family and to their hobbies and whatnot. That is a dream opportunity for them. I mean, that website that I've mentioned in other videos, virtualassistanttool.com, there are $200,000 from the Philippines that have filled out a profile there and let you know all of their skills saying, hey, I would love to work for an American boss. I'm willing to work for $350 a month. Please hire me. I'm willing to work for $500 a month. Please hire me. I noticed I got off track again from the topic. Is the Philippines a third world country? Well, I have another perspective. When I was there last November, there was this amazing mall. In fact, we went to the top floor of this mall. There's a great restaurant there and that's where I met my team for the first time. Very elegant, fancy dinner. But right outside the mall, I needed to catch an Uber and go back to my Airbnb. And on the other side of this wall was this big, massive area of slum. It was like crumbled buildings. There was extension cords going and you could see a fan inside of this half-survived building and a curtain blowing. People were living in this slum and I just thought it was the most interesting contrast when I think of a third world. I remember having the same thoughts. I was driving through Manila and I was in a grab and I looked outside and I saw except what he saw and I was just shocked. I was really, really shocked. I was just blown away. And then I also discovered that Manila has areas that look like Singapore which is BGC or Akati that has so many skyscrapers and it's so developed and so modern. It's quite a contrast. So yeah. I was just a little bit more focused on the contrast. When I think of a third world country I mentioned that I thought about people living in huts but I still thought of them like being happy and thriving and having food to eat and I don't know. The contrast was actually really surprising to me that right across this wall from this fancy ornate, amazing, beautiful, like you go in the mall and there's Rolex and all these high brands more elegant than the malls in Utah actually. Was this slum. You know, lots of dirty looking pets, you know, no sidewalks, no grass, no healthy trees, just all this rubble and lots of families with pinned up blankets living there. And I don't know why I'm telling you this. Just kind of letting you know that there are some third world parts even in the developed part of the Philippines. And I'm sad about that. I'm hoping that the world that I'm sending to the Philippines, the money that I'm providing there even though it's a great blessing to me, even though it's a lower amount than I would need to have to hire people like that here. My hope is that I'm helping to elevate the economy there. You know, in my small way of hiring 14 people and giving 14 people jobs. With that, if you're an American or somebody looking to hire people in the Philippines, then I definitely want you to check out the website that I use is virtualassistanttool.com. You can dig through those 200,000 profiles and find 200,000 that matches the criteria you're looking for and just be sure to run correctly. Okay, interesting video. I can definitely relate to the last part that he mentioned. It hits me every time, especially when you, when you drive and you know, I used to sit in a fancy car and then you look outside and it's just, wow, sometimes it's just really hot. But I'm happy that Philippines is moving forward developing and that more people are having opportunities like these where they can still stay with the family and a little bit more than they would usually do going abroad and also has some colleague time with the families. A lot of Filipinos are also muting to work which in some cases can be one or two hours or even more. So yeah, free to see people who are trying to make a change. If you want to check it out, feel free. And if you're company also as well, please consider hiring Filipino people because I work with a Filipino team. I love them so so much. They are a blessing. They've been such a huge contribution to my businesses. And yeah, I can highly, highly recommend. Then I'll sit for today. I'll see you guys next time with more. What's up Philippines? Don't forget to subscribe. Bye.