 Alright, good afternoon from Baraka, Philippines. Look at that diamond water. How beautiful that looks. This is truly paradise. Now I want to talk about why guys go back to the United States or to the West after coming here. You need to happen quite a bit. I think the number one reason is a woman. That's usually what will leave someone with a bad taste in their mouth from a paradise like this is going to be a woman. A guy maybe has what he thinks is an LDR and he comes out here maybe planning to come out here and spend his life here after sending the woman money starts with load and escalates and then he ends up getting completely flaked on. I saw a guy in a Facebook group talk about that or get quote unquote scam. Most Filipinas are good 90% but the scammers live online and sometimes they take advantage of people. That's going to be the number one reason why someone's going to leave this paradise and go back to the rat race of America is going to be a woman. A bad experience with a woman thinking all, hello, all Filipinas are scammers. You know this or that, the horror stories about this or that when a guy overspends without meeting and he shows up and it's not what it was supposed to be and whatever the case may be. Until you meet someone in person you honestly do not know if you're attracted to them from a man to a woman. So even if a man spent a fortune or a million pesos or something, the woman has to be attracted to you. Money removed. That's going to be the number one reason. Now the second reason as much as my town funding might be the humidity. If you can't handle humidity, the Philippines is not going to be for you. You could go out walking and you could come home just drenched in sweat from humidity. It's manageable for me but if you're not a humidity guy, you're not a Philippines guy. Another thing if you're not in a major area could be the food. I haven't experienced it but according to the legend is that you may not milk is a little tricky out here to get good milk. Cheese, deli meat. It's going to be a little bit different. You're not going to, it's not quite like America if you're a big deli meat or milk guy. As much as that would be a weird reason to go back home, I think it's just the Philippines is different. It's not for everybody. You need to have patience. You may wait in line 30 minutes somewhere. You want to call the manager like you're in America, don't call the manager. The manager is going to tell you to f off in the nicest possible way. You're not home and they will let you know that for sure. So you're going to need to have to be comfortable knowing that you're a tourist. This is not your culture. Some guys ain't comfortable with that. They want to go back to America to their rides and this and that. Whereas most 90% of guys are going to be perfectly comfortable with that and be golden. You know, there is going to be that 10% of guys. So woman doesn't work out. Leaves the sourcase in their mouth for whatever reason. There's going to be, you know, the humidity, the food. There is just a sort of reasons the post office. The things just are not the same. You're going to have to get used to a slower pace of life waiting in line, learning patience. The post office is hit or miss. If you are getting a package from a Amazon delivered from the United States, you're getting a postal package. Lazada and Shoppy in some cases, you're going to need to actually physically be there. It's not the convenient United States where you show up and you have 17 packages on your doorstep or, you know, it's locked in your locker while you're on vacation for three weeks. Not how it works here. So the convenience is a bad experience with the woman, the weather, brownouts. Brownouts happen and they could happen often depending on where you're living. I know Nodumigeti is notorious for them. I've experienced them here in Barakai. You will not experience them in BGC, which is essentially America and the Philippines. But yeah, there's just things like that that some people, maybe if you're an older guy or your convenience guy, there's just certain things that are going to be maybe not negotiable for some people. But you know, 90% of the time life is much better, but you will need to learn to be patient. Do not argue with staff at places. Do not call the manager. If you go to return something and you lost your receipt or something, it's a wrap. You're not getting a refund. It's the simplest thing in the world. The customer service is not geared towards pleasing you. This is their country and they operate that they want to. Your input is not needed. They're not looking for you to explain to them how things work. This is not your home. So you don't need to tell them, well, America goes like this. They're going to tell you, well, they're saying America. I remember, you say stuff like that and people go, oh, well, you know, when I moved to Nevada from California, I said, well, in California, you register your car like this and they said, this ain't California. Same thing in the Philippines. You don't really need to tell them about how it goes in America because this is not America as much as it might seem like it. And it's heavily Western influenced. It ain't America. So if you're looking for America, stay in America. So those are some of the reasons why a person would come to paradise at, you know, one fifth, one tenth of the price of where they were living and end up going right back home, which is not like usually it's a total mistake and a total fumble. Never let a woman dictate, you know, that you think all Filipinas are scammers or, oh, this one girl wasn't attracted to you or something. So that doesn't matter. That doesn't, that doesn't have anything to do with anything. And that doesn't mean that the Philippines isn't good or a good place to find a wife or a girlfriend or companionship or whatever. That just means that that one situation didn't work out. So at the end of the day, those are a few reasons why a gentleman will come out here and head home, you know, almost immediately with a sour taste in his mouth and then bad mouth this beautiful country when he just, you know, got involved with the wrong woman. He wasn't a very adaptable person with patience and humidity and post offices and talking to the manager and stuff like that. They're all very minor things that I found a breeze to get through. But, you know, if you're a 68 year old cranky guy or something that has the money to live in America like a king, maybe, you know, maybe it's not for you. This is not for everybody. But I would say it's for 90% of people and never judge a country off of one interaction with one woman or, you know, little things, like I said, you know, brown out, food, humidity, a bad experience of the young lady. Those are just a few things that I just wanted to bring to everyone's attention just off the top of my head of what I heard from the guys that have failed out here and ended up back in Missouri or back in Los Angeles or back in New York or whatever. And, you know, had a sour taste for the Philippines at least temporarily. Sometimes they return and do it right. But sometimes that's just their experience with Southeast Asia. So, just wanted to throw that out there. Let me know what you think in the comment section. If you've been here and you turned back or if you're here and you're living happily ever after. Because I certainly am.