 We've packed our stuff and it's time to move on to a new location. This time we will be making our way down through these amazing mountains. I mean look at these views. From 5,000 feet above sea level, right to the sea itself. If you haven't already gassed, our next stop is La Unia, a province and the local region of the Philippines. Welcome to La Unia and everyone. Welcome back to another video. We are here in La Unia and beside these crazy waves, because as you know, La Unia is the surfing capital of the Philippines. That's why the waves are so so big. I can literally watch them all day. But yeah, we're here in La Unia and it's actually a stop on the way to our next destination, which is a little blue. You probably already know where it is. We will probably spend a little bit more time there when we get there. Right now we're in San Juan and we're just going to kind of explore. It's quite small so we're just going to walk short distance down to the beach and then just kind of see what's around there. There's supposed to be like nice restaurants and coffee shops and stuff. So yeah, let's go. Oh, also, it's Chris's birthday today. So wish you a happy birthday in the comments. Chris, I'm behind the camera. Happy birthday Chris. Thank you. Okay, let's go. Oh, it doesn't look like me. And we've made it to someone beach guys. I can see why this place is popular. Everybody's kind of just chilled out. There's a really like chill vibe here. A few people have taken pictures. Actually, no one's surfing yet that I can see. But we did see a few people carrying their surfboards back. So I'm assuming that they were surfing or at least going to try to. I think we're going to grab a coffee and just chill because you can just watch the waves coming in. It's pretty choppy here. So yeah, I think a coffee or maybe a smoothie and just chill out here. I believe that they have very good sunsets here. From what we can see so far, it's looking pretty promising. So yeah, let's do that. The La Unión, the surfing capital of the Philippines. So someone has evolved from a small fishing turn to a driving surf community. The So we've made a stop and a kite boat. So we've seen some of these guys, well you heard of this person. It does literally the type of stuff that we love to eat like almond goad. Yes, we haven't had it. It's been harder to find fruit and stuff like balls with like granola and mango and cream and stuff in it like this which is just exactly what I like, especially for breakfast. But yeah, pull that spot chill and out here kind of above the beach. Yeah, some is making its way down, not quite Sansa yet probably for another like our show. But good vibes, got the chins going and good food, some good snacks. Hey, what you doing? I am just putting some stories up on Instagram. I am trying to do a collage of all the comments on the last video, because you guys were really loving the videos recently. So I'd put a little collage of nice comments and I'm just using Pixar because it allows me to use the collage feature. Thanks to Pixar for sponsoring today's video. It's the app that you need to create really fun and creative edits. Completely free from the app store and you have so many great and unique tools to use to make your pics really stand out. There's everything you need for picture editing, lots of unique filters, tools that allow you to be really artistic. Like some of these tools can transform your picture into a drawing. How cool is that? You can really have lots of fun with all these little brushes. There are great little templates that you can use. All you have to do is import your pics and it does all the work for you. So if you've been following us for a long time, you might, and I mean a long time, you might remember that we used to do Instagram pictures like this. A long time ago, we were going for like a unique kind of style on Instagram. We were just trying something different. We were trying to be different. So we started including like lines and shapes and stuff into our Instagram pictures. And we did that all through Pixar. It was a really good app for us to use at the time. Now of course we have our own presets to edit our Instagram pictures. But we still use Pixar to create really good stories. So it's definitely an app that we continue to use all this time. Definitely one of our thieves in our editing folder on the phone. So definitely if you're looking for a good editing app or something to make your pictures really fun or your stories really fun, definitely check out Pixar. There will be a link in the description below. It's definitely one of those apps that allows you to be a lot more creative and fun when it comes to editing. So definitely check it out. So we thought we were going to get a coffee. And it ended up being a beer. We got a couple of beers at the bar. Just for a little celebration because it's Christmas birthday today. It was my birthday like four days ago, five days ago. So yeah just a little birthday celebration here by the beach, drinking beer. It's just a really nice vibe. Yeah, drinking beer just about what's the sunset. Chains are on. Yeah, good vibe. But also thanks to you guys for all the birthday wishes and everything on Instagram and YouTube comments and everything. Yeah, it's a nice way to spam the birthday. We're just literally just saying it's kind of random that we're in. A little random surf and tired in the north and part of the Philippines. Yeah, definitely the strangest part. I've not spammed my number of strangers but I don't know what the word is. But the most random thing I've spent a birthday before. So yeah, thanks to all you guys for the birthday wishes. Hopefully you enjoyed this video. It's probably one of the coolest ways we've had a video before just chilling. But just a bit again, it's on set. Hopefully we can show you. Yeah, good day here. Exploring at La Union on San Juan Beach. Yeah, good vibes here. So tomorrow we actually pack up and head further north from here. We're gonna jump on a boss and head three, four hours further north to somewhere that we're really excited to go to. And I'm sure you might know where it is. So make sure and stay tuned for the videos coming there too. I guess we'll just end this video here. We're just gonna sit here and chill before it gets dark. And we have to head back to our hotel. It's a good way to end it. Yeah, exactly. So if you like this video, do give it a big thumbs up. Hit that subscribe button. If you haven't done so already because we have lots more videos to come here in northern Philippines. And yeah, we'll see you in the next one. Turn those notifications on too. No vacations on. It's the best way to support the channel. That's true. The best way to support us is to turn those notifications on so you see all the videos. So yeah, we will just see you in the next one.