 So, age gap in the Philippines are young Filipinas truly attracted to old foreigners. That is the age old question. They always say age doesn't matter in the Philippines and if you see these interviews with the Filipinas, they will always talk about. They will accept any age and age gap. It's not a thing here. It's not like America or what you'll be shamed for walking with a young woman, 50, 40, 30 years younger than you, whatever it is. That it truly doesn't matter. But is that factor, is that fiction? The honest truth is that there are certainly going to be exceptions to every rule. But exceptions also don't make rules in the world. So my personal opinion is that age does matter and while you can have a very good fair exchange, you're money for her youth and beauty. If you're looking for genuine burning desire, extreme age gaps don't work for genuine burning desire. People in the comments will say it's always an arrangement. I don't care what the situation is. If you're 40 and she's 40, it's still an arrangement in this and that. The way that I counter that is the women that I've dated in the United States that had way more money than me and paid for everything. So what was the exchange and what was the man being used financially in that sense when he was being paid for? But yeah, you always get those bitter guys in the comments that will teach me about that it's always an arrangement and it's always my wallet. But what if I'm making 50 grand a year dating a woman that's making 500 grand a year and she's paying for every penny of everything and how am I being used for my wallet in that scenario. But I always want people to find happiness and if you're comfortable with an exchange and arrangement, I think it's a great deal and your money will go very far here. But when you see a 20 year old with a 70 year old, do you really feel like she's with him for his handsomeness? And this goes in any country, not just the Philippines. This is going to be absolutely anywhere. I just speak on the Philippines because that is my location currently. But the big problem with the age gap, the extreme age gaps is conversation. Really when I've even dated women that were, I don't know, in their 20s and I'm 47, the conversation is a bit lacking. Is the bedroom good? Sure. But how far does the bedroom take you if God willing, I have another 40 years on the planet? And the conversation is basically non-existent. The woman is not a particularly perfect English speaker that has a lot of knowledge of a lot of subjects and yet she's kind of more looking at TikTok and kind of just concerned with what we're eating that day. And there's no intellectual, there's no deep conversations about an array of different subjects. People say, oh, you don't know what you're talking about, who comes to girls for intellectual conversation? Well, I don't come to girls for intellectual conversation. But the truth is, after spending about a few weeks with a woman that doesn't have a lot of knowledge outside of the latest TikTok dance, it gets a little bit dull. There's probably no reason to be hanging around each other at a certain point. Now if you want sort of just someone for the bedroom, by all means, not just off out, enjoy your last years the way you want to enjoy them. And if you're compensating the woman financially and she's compensating you with some of the best years of her life, I am not against it. I totally understand it, but know what it is. And for me, it's always nice to have a partner that you can have those long conversations with because at a certain point in our lives, we're not going to be spending 24 hours just doing bedroom activities. You want to be able to discuss other things, current events, cryptocurrency, the stock market, pop culture, whatever it is that floats your boat, sports, whatever. A 20-year-old woman in any country isn't really going to have extensive knowledge or a lot of intelligent back and forth, banter and things of that nature when it comes to an actual relationship and a best friend and a partner for possibly the next 40 years. So if you're looking for sort of just a bedroom girl and you're okay, kind of just feeling alone and just playing on your phone or maybe you got a buddy in town or something that you can talk to about those things, by all means, knock yourself out. But if you're literally spending all your time with that one person or you're on a vacation or you're doing this even a year or something, you will find yourself bored and you will find yourself feeling alone, especially if the English isn't great. This goes in any country I experienced. This is my Thai ex-girlfriend. Their English is not that great and on top of that their intelligence and their conversation is just simply not there. A lot of guys, they come here to get a girl that's 30 years younger than what they can get in the States and they come here to enjoy their time in the bedroom and by all means, knock yourself out. But to think that as a 70 year old man that's probably had some success in their life or a 65 year old man or a 60 year old man or whatever, even a guy my age, late 40s that has a wide array of knowledge on quite a bit of subjects is going to be able to have those long conversations till the sun comes up and be able to have a witty back and forth and learn something from their partner. When they got a 30, 40, 50, 55 year age gap, that would be silly to think that now wouldn't it. So, age gap is fine as long as you know what it is and you kind of want to just enjoy one aspect of a person. But if you want like an all around partner, I suggest you get as close as you can to your age while finding a woman that's still very attractive and you will be surprised that some women that I've met in all countries, even at 40 years old, can be sexier than the 20 year old that you met last week. It really does exist. Especially if the woman's got a little bit of money, she knows how to take care of herself and she's blessed genetically with natural beauty, especially these women from Asian countries, Middle Eastern countries, darker skin tones. It's surprising, you know, some of my ex-girlfriends, mothers and some women that I've dated that are late 30s or whatever. Age is nothing but a number when you get to the elite beauty level. So that's something to keep in mind when you think about age gap and a real long-term partner. You just want partners for adult activities, you're golden. Enjoy your life. But if you're really looking to stick with one girl, it will get boring and you will feel alone. I speak from experience. So, you know, you can find a girl within 10 years, find a girl within 12 years or something. That's your best chance for genuine burning desire and for someone that you're going to really be able to build a life with and really enjoy their company even outside of the bedroom. So beautiful sunrise and Bonafasho Global City uptown. We got the Chase Building, got this orange skyline. Very, very nice. Wanted to share this with you guys. I'm going to get back to making the daily videos, doing the consultations for 12 more days, for $50 and the price goes up. I have the membership in the link of all the lives. I go live, Manila, Morning Time, try to go around 9, in between 9 and 11 am. You can check my schedule on the schedule of lives. And just wanted to share that with you guys. My honest thoughts about HGAP, I'm not against it. Just know the deal. Enjoy your time. Some people are looking for intellectual stimulation from their partner. In any country, I totally get it. Some people don't need an eight hour conversation. They just want to be left alone and have their peace and they're just looking for a partner. All good. Like, comment, subscribe, share the video and say hello.