 Future Friday. The freshest. Some of the most incredible things about the Philippines are two specific, very specific things. karaoke and children who can nail the karaoke performances, right? And this is basically that. Yeah, there is always a swap. It's a ballastie recovering from the back and leaning over to the computer. Kind of hurts her back. So I'm here for the time being. But this is something that's been sent to us a lot. And I can presume why. I presume the level is going to be quite high. But we've never seen any of these clips. So let's get to watch. Why? Why would a band do it? Why do kids like this? Like an old man. I have really no idea for this. This kid is anchoring like a... That kid is anchored and is so much... Oh, I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. Anchored and is so much color, so much voice behind that little body. It's going to grow. That puberty is going to hit him. It's going to grow into one of the most silky, super seductive voices ever. Because he's already got body enough. Oh, what a treat. What a treat. Of course, everyone is on the... Just kids playing. I'm sorry. What the fuck? You know what? It's actually dumb. People don't understand. Sometimes I see other people sort of... I show them to other people. You see like on YouTube or over the place. People kind of watch this stuff. And they say, wow, that's amazing. It's like, nah, dog. This is fucking ridiculous. It's stupid. It shouldn't happen. And then the funny thing is, if you say you're from the Philippines, you say perhaps you're from Asia. This country is where karaoke is quite popular. Yes. And this happens. This is a form of play. This is a form of... I don't know. Entertainment. It's just children's play. Yeah. You would think that this is quite normal. And maybe even... Yeah, like it doesn't even call your attention that much. But this is fucking ridiculous. No, it's very tough. The kids are showing. And the ability to adapt, recognize, start having creative liberties. Yeah, and also take stylistic choices. That's a very mature... That's what you learn. Again, there is a point where the kids become really good at emulating. Yes. But from emulation to adding stylistic choices, that's a completely different ball game. You could model yourself for a specific singer. Like something you have heard for a really long time. People that have that extraordinary talent where they can replicate things. But to add your own stylistic choice on top of that. That's becoming an artist. That generally become an artist is. Correct. They're doing it from such young age. Next one. Now I'm such a... Before I feel... Don't need me to say... Ah! If I'd had your man botanical, I'd have your man on the barito. I'd have my chicken. What a beautiful situation! And then spin me around and spin me. Yeah! And then I can see the candy. Oh my god! Oh my god! I knew for sure I was love. If I could dance... Another champion, another one. This kid is learning how to modulate and how to create inflection and translate his emotions through songs. Listen, you get specific modules in university. You do that. And also his brilliant modulation in the falsetto. It's such a great tenderness. Can we just... How? I just don't understand how. But I'm telling you this dude. This is the best way to learn. But I just don't get it. I'm gonna flip into my Spanish thing. Like, it just came up. Just how? I... Mentos. You understand? Yeah. What's intriguing as well? I mean, some of the answers, bloody, this kid is ready to pause. Oh my god! These are superstars. I'm sorry. This is what's intriguing as well. Obviously, we've now learned a little bit more about the actual nature of the Philippines and how things come to be. It does seem due to the nature of the language. If you study linguistics in Tagalog, there seems to be a bizarre connection between people who are able to speak Tagalog or even other dialects from the Philippines. And their ability to emulate sounds and their ability to emulate other speech, other styles of... What would you call it? Even other languages, they're able to pick up things a bit faster. We believe it's probably due to the nature of... The twang is quite high, right? Therefore, you learn how to... What would you call it? Modulate twang to certain extent? Well, it's natural. So, instead of being taught, it's a perk that comes natural to the people. Also, similar to what happens in Latin American Spanish. So, in the Latin American continent, you have a lot of that high twang situation. The voice is higher, the larynx is higher. So, there are certain things that get amplified. So, whenever you get put in a moment of difficulty when singing, for example, trying to reach really low notes or trying to find a good balance in the high note in a belt position, you tend to naturally switch to something that feels normal and that normal setting would be the high twang. And I think it plays such a great advantage. It plays to such a great advantage when utilized correctly. And I think, obviously, given the fact that singing is such a norm in the Philippines, the perk of having really high natural twang translates so well into singing. And the second thing is, the Philippines is a certain extent of a very big melting port, due to the involvement of both the US and the colonization of the Spanish Empire, the US in terms of armies and stuff like that, the military, Japan. So, they listen to music from all over the world. And a lot of the classics from the US have been heard, so a lot of people emulate those sound. Then, therefore, when they do it from such a young age, they start developing a lot of larynx flexibility. And therefore, they can do those stuff, start like double carol, like Marcellita Pumois were famous for. But also, that's a bunch of menaces in the Philippines. Still, it's mind-boggling to me, because all of this technique and all of this jargon that we're spitting right now, goes out the window where you see kids this big. It is a new one. I think murdering sooms are impossible. Ahhh! Ahhh! I'm the flare-surn! My mom loves this song because I love it. Oh what the... That healthy? Oh he's so accurate. It's so incredible. Menace. Absolutely menace that city. You see that all the jerking, all the understanding of technique just go sell the window. You know what? Can I just say that is actually... That's actually brilliant practice in belting technique. Really? Yes, shut up. No way. Because the gravity... Is that same as being in the water? Yes, well when the water you have the extra pressure of the air... Yeah, you're working through breath control because of the change of density. But in laying down practice in belting, that's a recent watch that sounds so clear. Now that you could not deal with it... So when she stands up, will she be better? Yes, this is actually fantastic brilliant stamina technique as well. Because when you're laying down like that, there's no other way but to pull back into the notes. So like your whole back and your whole tummy muscle area. It's anchoring in the right way. So there's no extra tension coming through the front of the tummy. There's no way of like trying to pull into a weird or pulling the length into it. So if you look at her, her spine is completely stable. So the further back she goes into the belt, the further she drops her chin into her chest. So the airflow is completely continuous. There is no disruption of the airflow. What if the whole... You keep finding this out. They don't. They don't. They understand that it's easier than doing it and starting up. That's a men's opinion. It is... Again, it's part of the experimentation process that we... We here get taught that. And it's actually how a lot of kids actually learn to belt. Just laying down on the floor. It do understand what muscles need to be anchored and which ones need to be relaxed. And because you're laying down, there's no space for the tummy muscles to engage. There's no reason for it because your body weight isn't shifting in any way. So this completely relaxed. So your whole abdominal wall is creating the biggest freedom so that you can anchor towards the back. And the gravity is actually pulling you down too. So yeah, you're naturally anchoring. Well, nice, let's go to the mall, shall we? Let's go to the mall. Let's go indeed. This is why I really like these videos. Obviously, the technical aspect of things. Fine. And trying to figure out how this happens and why it happens more in the Philippines and in other parts of the world. But to me, what makes a special is this. This little kid has found the karaoke machine, maybe they bought it or whatever. Maybe the mom probably encouraged him to go and sing in exchange for cash. But his little matey, brother, cousin, friend from school, it's sat there with him. And not to judge him, but to support him because this is just what everyone does. And this is normal. And that type of encouragement to me, it's fucking so heartwarming because... It's priceless. Growing up in the, I guess, performing a stuff like that, we saw so many little ones get discouraged by other little ones. Because the little ones are brutal. Your kids are fucking, they go through your throat. They just got no filter. Yeah, and we saw so many teenagers then get even more discouraged. I mean, you were close to this in your school. So many teenagers like this, curaging other little ones and other teenagers, they are longer same age as them. Just for the sake of, I don't know why, it could have been jealousy, it could have been... There are envious, it could have been... It's just not culturally the thing to do. That's right. Say you were wet to sing in the classroom. You would... You should be afraid of judgment because it's probably going to happen. You should just build thick skin and be willing to do it. The judgment is different. It's not judgment of, oh, she's singing how weirdo it's... Oh, I think I'm going to sing next. You know what I mean? Or what other songs do we know? Or I wonder if she will be able to sing this song. It is a different nature. And that's something that I think we can all learn from a country like the Philippines. And when it comes to the reinforcement of arts. And again, I think the more the Philippines develops, well, economically and with arts and stuff like that, I think people really start to take notice from all over the world. I think so too. And I think it's like... Not just in Asia, but here in the West as well. It's such a beautiful thing. I do... This video is always quite emotional because that's the perfect judgment-free environment that you need to grow. In many aspects in life that go beyond just singing. At the start, at some point there needs to be criticism. There needs to be ruthless cut through feedback. Yes, that's true. But not at this stage. This isn't the stage for them. This stage where you crush the seed before it even has a chance to grow. That's right. You actually need to nourish it. This is the stage in life where you actually need encouragement from the surrounding environment. I love how the search might go. Experimentation. There you go. Yes, it's experimenting. It's being free, it's being a child. And it's actually... It's a sport. Yeah, who the fuck told her in a grand like to think that? That's not a grand like that. Marie Carey, that's it. Well, oh, because the one I'm familiar with is the one I ran a grandly covered. Did she cover that? Yeah, possibly. It went viral on a... She did a collection. That's what she took of, right? I didn't know. That's Marie Carey's clothes. Anyways. Well, there you have it. Let us know what you guys thought about this. And if there are other videos that you like us to review, we'll be more than happy to do so. And good bye.