 Good morning guys, welcome to another daily juice. Now we don't often stop logs together I've just realised. Normally it's like we get up, we get ready separately and someone starts up. Someone starts the vlog at some point during the morning but today is a couples day because we are in the city of love and I'm not just making that up, I'm just saying that Ilo Ilo is known as the heart of the Philippines right? Because of the geographical location and banging the middle of the Philippines but also it's then a city of love because of people are so kind, so friendly and one of the nicest people in the Philippines. Which we have noticed here already, we noticed it last time. Yesterday we were walking around the Mangro Festival, so so friendly, everyone smiling, everyone happy, the staff here at the Marriott is incredibly happy and positive. So today we wanted to have a bit of a couple's date day in Ilo Ilo, the city of love, we've got some fun stuff planned. Starting with, well actually I can't say breakfast, it's a couple's breakfast. I mean it's the same as there be normal breakfast but I guess it's a couple's date, it's a couple's breakfast. Because we're going to sit this close together and eat, no no no no, that would be so annoying. We're also going to do something today's vlog which one of you requested. We're going to tell you guys a little bit more about our relationship and also some behind the scenes stuff. What annoys me most about Lucy, what annoys Lucy most about me, some of our bad habits. If I'm feeling brave I might talk about that later on. All right breakfast, coffee, work's the vlog and let's go. Music Starting the day with a little bit, always bright. A little bit of a pool session. Philippines son what are you doing to me? Wow! Oh guys if you haven't what? Oh you see okay this is one thing that annoys me about Lucy so this obsession apparently where my sunglasses like up here and your eyes are like too high on your head this is a day of love Lucy not hatred and mockery look at this guys what a way to start the day yeah we have and they invite us to like a party here on Friday or something really really nice pool look at that really nice pool here so as we had a full day out yesterday in the heat going over to give us if you if you haven't seen yesterday's vlog check it out go back on the channel we thought we would start today a little bit more relaxed a couple's day in the sun it's a nice day we thought we'd make the most of the pool here have a little morning swim for heading out a bit later it's very red that when we stay somewhere at hotel or anywhere really and that has a pool that we can actually take the time to use it but we thought today as it's a nice chill couple's day we're gonna just have take half an hour around the pool it's a little bit too hot in the sun so we're under the shade now but we're gonna call off in a pool for a dip in a sec do you want to go in the pool yes and we've kind of picked the wrong time because it's like 11 am now or like 10 30 is getting really really hot but last time we were here we only came at night when it's all lit up but it looks so nice in the day blue skies nice cold pool what more could you offer gonna have been traumatized don't wake me up but dreams can never lie don't hate me alone I've got so much water give you do leave me alone so let's go get me this is so so far oh so far away I seriously it's so hot when we're looking at our barefoot with hair like I still like to eat an obvious dish it's so warm so on this channel guys we like to involve you we like to give you what you want so Lucy I don't know what I'm doing this but so on asked what are your top three things that annoy you most about how long we have 30 seconds on the floor I think before the first second so do you think flying around a lot for example so you might leave on the side get up for a restaurant and leave or pick the phone up and it'll go where's my phone where's my phone like five minutes later on I go oh it's here I picked it up and you go why don't you pick it up I thought I lost it I would have lost it if you'd actually left it in the hotel restaurant I also ask you where stuff is as well so where's that you just put it down there you do it is very forgetful extremely forget but like is that your number two that being forgetful like coming back here like George is like I should remember what this looks like well that looks like I've been here before I've been there before and don't just like I didn't remember the airport didn't remember the drive to this hotel then I have a ridiculously good memory and I've like a brand and stuff and I'll remember everything and anywhere and I'm good at so repositions basically this is me showing off behind amazing I am and the third one which is probably the most annoying and that's fun and is when I say something to George I know he has a listen which is fine he's doing something else is wrong always but he'll pretend but he has a listen to say like I go oh should we do this today and we'll just like yeah and I'm like I don't he doesn't know why to say so I'm like is that right if you're trying yeah I try and make up something that's as close to what you might have said yeah and then try and get away with it or you'll be a wrong answer it's like I asked you a question and you're like you don't answer me yes or no you just say like yeah that's fine I don't know yeah guys if you're in couples left it'd be fun this would be fun let us know in the comments below what annoys you about your partner as well don't be too mean because this is the city of love we don't want to break anyone up here we love each other really we're enjoying some quality couple time what is that sweat I need a new girlfriend she's sweaty apply in the comments guys apply in the comments I'll blend in with the colour of this hotel today or this show on we're off for some lunch now the staff who have invited us to their like it's gonna be hilarious staff lunch campy yeah so we like we've never done this before in a hotel we get to either behind the scenes yeah a lot there's a lot of staff are actually from subou here they were telling us and it's really cool this week they're doing this like celebration for the anniversary hotel and every day there's a different country and different departments are in charge of each day I mean I have to like dress up the canteen and obviously provide the food and stuff for each country so today's South America yes we've got our passport we're gonna meet Gail now and head downstairs oh your new one of the things I don't like values is a terrible joke that's funny that's funny I'm a cruise ship with something isn't it? I want to try a cruise ship yeah so we're down in the staff area now it's so cool to be eating and chatting with all the people we normally see around the hotel awesome delicious food we just met the chef we also met last time very very good chef here some delicious rice chicken some beans vegetables some new friends what why do you stop singing when I put the camera on? because they're not ready for me yeah they're not ready for my singing all right let's go let's go out we have we have this place to explore can't remember what we last blocked we just did a few hours of work on it actually no we can't say that because it's supposed to be a romantic day but we still have to work it's like it's romantic it was all right we'll sat like next to each other oh we'll sat up to each other true all right we're heading out now we're going to show you guys one of the most romantic areas of Ilo Ilo we're gonna try and get some wine some food we're gonna have a little look around oh you spatting my f*** and then guys it's time to tell you three things that annoy me most about Lucy the things that annoy me about you were very reasonable things to get I knew this is why we did my first because I knew whatever I say Lucy's gonna be like no I do this because that you'll have a you'll have a reason oh I have a valid reason you have a valid no you'll have a reason that you think we'll get you out of it but anyway I don't think I can wait any longer can you just give me the three things now what three things you hate about me it's not why I hate it's frustrating me or annoy you see okay go yeah we'll do some nice things later on um okay one you overthink things yeah you do a lot of what if what if this what if that and most time none of it happens everything's fine okay I can deal with that two do you know what I do joke around that thing you annoy me about you really don't annoy me you know why don't you what you're fine perfect in everything you know you're fine perfect uh oh okay right so you leave you use my towel I never use your towel you just get confused up which ones your towel then you leave it on the floor I never and then I'm kind of enough to let you use the dry one again I cannot tell you how much for lie this is right now I cannot tell you how much for lie this is that doesn't happen George I use my own towel but you get confused but you're not you can I'm really George you know earlier we were saying about how George is forgetful he forgets where he's put his own towel he forgets which towel is his where he's the trait of being very forgetful I've George it's not you know and that is why George thinks I've used his towel but it's not I'm his my own towel here we guys we have come out that's all wrong don't listen to that we've come out now to an area I'll think about third one there is one before getting accused of lying and we've come back to an area now I really really like you know around the festive walk area it's kind of like I don't know it feels like a bit more modern there's big lights and stuff loads of restaurants there's a restaurant over there that we might try out the sea being called farm to table so I'm guessing they do like me I may maybe state or something I kind of wanted to find a guitar shop because I'm doing a bit of research for the music channel guys so I'm starting so George is thinking he wants to start doing covers or like maybe some of his own songs he writes on the swell okay pepper and yeah what did you do anyway we were joking around it's a full video genuinely is it something you'd like to be in it maybe let me know let me know I mean this probably wouldn't happen until we kind of it would be a lot easier to do this if we have a base here so then I could set up like a studio room and get some nice recording equipment and buy some new guitars and stuff like that so it was kind of like a random thought and I would just do it for fun just as a hobby um whoever wants to watch can watch you just more be for me to be honest so having a little wander around now if there's a guitar shop here I would 100% check it out but look at this this is this is so nice here it looks like they've got almost like Christmas lights up you went in this one of these restaurants I'll pretend again wait will we probably in pain no I shouldn't have been coming oh no I had the big feathers in the headband and stuff and I was covered in stuff yeah um we went into the restaurant up here after that uh met loads of your guys here as well I haven't loved that yeah look look at this it's nice the other side of the road here on the festive walk we've got this whole street here and there's more cafes restaurants coffee shop let's go on and this looks nice it's all containers everything going on let's go down here ready guys so it's a little bit of a tricycle and it's a good car still oh I'm going to have a fender telecast app it's kind of I've got two electric guitars moment I want to give some less pull and a fender telecast this one has humbuck of pickups so you've got a bit of a more of a uh grittier noise better full of body noise yeah I think it's hard. But the single is a lot on my own because it's a city of love. It's some sense. I'm making up. You're making up. What? Oh. Oh. Well, this is such a romantic setting. I'm one lucky girl. What? What? That's good. Okay. Is that my song? I'm going to have a flash on, but that's all I get. You're a fast. No, I'm going to sit down. Our friends see the big guys with the feet. I'm going to sit down. What are you on the strings? All right. So as the next part of our romantic day in a city of love, we've come to this place, Spanish restaurant called. Is that enough? Yes, sir. Ibedica, Lucy's order is tapas. And then maybe all the more like that. Thank you very much for that. I only heard from the sounds of Braavasa, Gamiro, Camilla and Ventus. Amazing. Thank you. The waitress has a very good sense of humour. We were able to try the wine. We only bought a bottle of red wine, but we asked to try it. They said, no. So we said, can you recommend one? She said, sorry, I haven't tried the red wine myself. So she said, okay, we'll have it by the glass, which is fine. Is it good? Yes. Okay. Hey, I've had a glass of that. Yeah. And then she was recommending food options. And she said, this will go perfectly with your wine. And I said, how do you know you haven't tried the wine? She laughed her head off lucky. I like that hair like this. Anyway, cheers. Cheers. Cheers. They love it. I think I'm going to say happy little bit of a little bit. Probably. No, I think we were editing videos or something. Thank you. That looks great. It's one of my favourite dishes. Spanish omelette. What? What? It's a lot of stuff. It's a lot of stuff. It's a lot of stuff. It's a lot of stuff. All the other people in here. I don't know. We like really not being very large in a lot. So I was just watching tonight's vlog back. Hope you enjoyed that video. We've ordered some tenderloin beef with some potatoes. Uh-huh. Some trruit. So. Ah. And some other stuff on bread. Is that bruschetta with pizza? Yeah. Some Spanish omelette. Some red wine. And something else. What else do you want? This is a romantic. It's a romantic, but that's a real, really. Oh yeah. I love alleoli. It's delicious. Very romantic meal. I do not be perfect to end off this day. I know you're not. It's not been thinking. Mm-hmm. Couples massage. Couples massage. Maybe. We walked past the place earlier, which was 250 pesos. Really? No, 290 pesos. No. Or one hour massage. That's really good. Thank you very much. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Look at this at night. So nice. We returned back to the Marriott's executive lounge. And they had between... I want to make a special night evening. Oh, yeah. Do you know? I don't know. But how? We don't have a shakey-chanky there. Between the hours, oh, this guy. Do you remember like, Shreka? Oh, ah. Oh, amazing. Right, what's this guy? Lucy, when we used to live at home in our apartment, Lucy used to make cocktails on the weekends. When we'd have friends over and stuff. That was a lot fun. We had a menu printed out, and laminated with cocktails. Yeah, I forgot that. Oh, amazing. Oh, nice. Thanks a lot. Awesome. So yeah, between the hours, oh, I think it's 7.30 and 9.30. Up here in the lounge, they have cocktails. Five or nine? Five or nine. They have cocktails, beers, wine, all that stuff. Gonna end off the day in here. We might go for a massage later. I'm not sure. When we were in here in Germany, we didn't drink anything in the lounge. No. We were drinking that much. So now, we're making up last time. So I was gonna have a drink here. Thanks for watching the vlog. They hope you enjoyed it. You're welcome. Yeah? That was great. It was last night. Yeah, we had a cocktail over there. Yeah, we'll ask, because they can't collect the like, sure, it's probably a star of the island. It's a door drink in the park, haven't they? It's a espresso. Quick espresso for the cocktail. This isn't a melty ice cream. Normally, I'm gonna make it a bit of ice cream. I'm making it a bit of a strip of the thing. What was it down? Oh, no. Just go for it. I need to put a little more ice cream on. I'll put it there. I'll put it there. And, wow. I like all the things that we put babies in it. Do you want it to be babies? Might as well. I don't know if you've heard of that name from. We can't really do that. It's up to you. Can you do that? I'll go with their babies. Yeah. Very impressed that they have a nice bottle of belbeer. Thank you. Thank you. I probably measured this out. It's probably more than one of the ways. I should do it. I do it once. I think that's a big cup. Don't want to go crazy. We still have to edit this vlog. Maybe that's why it's all related to everybody watching. Oh, you. I'll put a bit in. I read it up to the melty. I have to see if this is good. Oh, no. My history is that this is bad. I'll shake it and go. Wow. Let's see. I'm going to let you flush it out first. I don't want to. I'm going to get it. Throw it up in the air. No. Then I'll let you see how it goes. That's good if it's still cold. Really good. Get the old babies. Yeah, that's OK. Has it's Christmas? It's Christmas summer. Korean? Has it's probably not. That just thickens it up a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. It's probably a little bit funny. It's all good. Nice. Nice bit of fire month up. I made the... Oh my god. Look how happy it is. I made the perfect amount. And then we need to... I know. Don't put a bit of... Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Could we have like just a few coffee beans? Just like on a spoon or something? Yes. Oh yes. Thank you. This is the Pistas Resistence. Where is this? This is hilarious. Unless he's a spoon to be hygienic. Oh my gosh. Well, it's literally two on each. Perfect. This makes all the difference. OK, ready? Oh. And this is where you need to mix it. You need to shake it low. So there's a phone on top that's sticking up. There's a hole in the way it's causing me. Nice. Look at that. Oh, great, isn't it? Oh, that is a dream. That looks great. What on? Cheers. Oh, that's so good. Wow. Oh, that's so good. We're going to end the day with all these guys. Thanks for watching the book. If you enjoyed it, please give it a thumbs up and please hit subscribe and road to 250K now. Crazy. See you guys tomorrow. Bye.