 Okay, that's where they were fixing the place up there because bringing the plywood here, I thought inside, but it's coming here. Take it and push it all the way here. I hope I'm going to have them patch up that little over there because the rain will come inside way so I've got to keep this bad boy dry. This is for the cabinets, do I? Okay, this is for our cabinets. How many sheets of plywood did we order? 18. So that was two? Okay, let's start there going to bring two at a time or maybe one at a time. Okay, it was two. Well, he's one guy. The other two brought two, so. All right, we're just going to inventory, so just letting you know that we're bringing it in. I thought it was already in. I guess I overlooked it over there. Maybe they had the side up or something. I didn't see it. Or I just overlooked it. All right. The lady's doing the duty. It's time to pay the duty we got. 16,000, 497 because we just had additional cost. 16,000, 497. We'll move away from the hammer. We're good, Paul. Okay. See, this pass is hand to hand. Okay, guys, thank you. While she's signing for receipt of the materials. So, babe, do we have our coffee coming? Okay, great. Just checking, babe. You know what I mean? Check, check and we check. The rush put verify. Even my queen. Because you get busy. And it's Jesse. I think he's telling them about it. You guys raised the price because last time it was this and now it's this. It was that and now it's this. So, we're just signing the video. It's all confirmed. We're confirmed with the former Jesse that I will slow down. So, he's not. So, I think now we're on task for he needs one trucker sand and I think an elf is gravel. I'm going to confirm that. Babe, the gravel is what size truck or how many cubic meters? One elf. Okay, gravel. Okay. All right. So, we're going to do that. Okay. So, I'll sign off now. Okay. So, Jay just got tasked, sent on a task in errand from his queen sister, Eurenia, Ate and stuff. We're going to get some Miranda for these guys, I guess, 16,000 pesos. Wasn't enough. But, no, that's the lack of a better word tradition here. You know, some Miranda snacks. I'm going to give them a couple drinks, beverages, non-opened hot beverages and some snacks for the guys. You know, it's all about good vibes as kulas would say on becoming Filipino. Power on. I just shout out to him. One of my favorite channels to watch. All right. Thanks folks. The gravel is going to be a bit expensive and always is. Okay, they're finishing up the plywood. This is the guy that's going to deliver our sand and gravel. He just came here. He wanted to check out the bridge. See if it was strong because they have a really big truck. He said they're coming in. I want to make sure it's strong enough. I certainly hope so it was built to be strong enough. But, I'm not sure if he has a smaller truck to call the sand. I don't know. Two trips is better than one. It's really close. It's maybe two or three kilometers up the road. So, hopefully that won't be an issue. Okay. All right. See you, Corey. Didn't he miss me? All right. We'll tag it on. Just wanted to add that in here. I'm not here at the back of the property by the creek, which is down there. And just seeing our neighbors over here. Harvesting looks like the rice field I'm assuming. Bigger assumption. Nice tractor over there. Orange one. So, it sounded as big as I once thought. This is just a small rice field behind this looks like. Looks like it's a bit higher than ours. So, guys running around over there. So, it's one of the shorts. Something a little different. You know, life here in San Antonio Zumbales. There's a creek down there. Raise my hand up. I'm not going to walk down there. Somewhere over in these bushes, bamboo, excuse me. Over here they saw a large snake. I'm assuming it's a cobra. I'm assuming I don't know the other than the cobra. What kind of snake could be here, but they said it was over by the CR before. There was a few months back. So, I don't know. So, I'm just being real careful. The new subscribers who haven't seen the video yet. This was the old CR, then there was an issue with it. So, relocated it over there and they put a concrete foundation. All this is going to get busted up. I made that agreement originally with the predecessor. I'm going to have these guys follow suit with it just to bust all this up. All this cement away. I just put it down on the hole and covered up with dirt. I don't want no sign. Anything left if this was a CR. Anything. So, all right. Okay. Still intact. Okay. So, put the next waters that come to the neighbor's property. All right. Let me close it here. All right. Hey folks. I'm backing up here trying to get away from the music. It's in the house. I don't want to disturb them with their music. You know, I like working to music as well. If it's dirt, it's a dirt, it doesn't interfere. Just wanted to point out as a reminder or just let some people know for the first time that we'll put enough the old videos in a couple of months. Since May, since the beginning of the build, the only reason, because we just started this channel in July 12th. So, that's about that time I had learned to hold the camera in portrait like this. Excuse me. In the landscape, old sideways instead of in the portrait mode, you know, vertical holding it up. So, I didn't think anybody wanted to see them, but just in case we're putting them up. So, if you want to go back from the beginning, you'll see I'm just going to try to have them up each morning, one new one, up each morning. There's about maybe, if I do every day, three weeks worth of videos, 21 days, maybe videos for the older stuff, but it will be in the portrait mode. It still could be interesting. If you want to take a look, see some people like to go all the way back to the beginning, there's a reason I've done it. If you don't care for it, then you can just skip through this. You're the viewer, okay? If you want to watch it, please do. And if you do, please like, subscribe if you haven't already. Share it, and as always, some comments always welcome, okay? Because we read all the comments now. We're at 396 subscribers, so you know any friends, think might be interested, or just want to share this and help subscribe, subscribe if you haven't. Just kind of help our channel grow. Our goal is 1000 subscribers. I mentioned it before to monetize. We've got a big milestone already. We're over 2000. Once time, I always thought that would be the issue, but apparently it's going to be our subscriber count right now because we're 2057 once time hours, which is great. Not as good as some channels, but better than some other channels, as far as our progress on the watch time and subscribers and everything. So we hope you enjoy, join us, and then hope you enjoy our videos. Your comments are always welcome. We're just here to show you our daily lives. It's our family vlog and building the house. It's just part of it because once the house gets built, so we're trying to figure out, you know what else we want to show. And sometimes we just forget the video stuff we're doing. And some people may find interesting, you know, and maybe do more in depth interviews of us. We haven't really done that yet. Us and our family and things of that nature just talk about life. But anyway, enough about that. I'm going to put this on to the video. I just wanted to let you know that we're doing the older videos now. I've got two different playlists, one in portrait view and one in landscape view. The beginning was portrait and then starting in July was mostly landscape. I think all of it's landscape most of it. So you can go there and just pick and choose and start from the beginning and just watch all the way through. Trying to keep the mountain in the view. I'm not being too successful. Okay, that's enough of me talking. Thanks guys. I'm going to tag this on somewhere. Okay, this is an update here. We're going to buy, I think, two more of these tarps, tar poloons. And we're going to cover this up here because it's getting ready to rain and as you can see the hole over there and hold over there. I just want to protect the jacuzzi and the wood as much as possible. I do not want it to get wet. It's the last thing you want it to get wet. Hopefully we can still close that up a little bit in that area as well. I already spoke to her brother through her and we can get it closed up. So that's what we're just dealing with now. It's just issues of getting it, protecting it from the rain. And then we're also trying the orders and drive-off and Elf truck from our local dealer that we've used before. They're notorious for getting stuck here. If you've seen our stuck in the mud videos, if you haven't go check them out. If you have those are the same guys. So we just told them there's been a couple of Elf trucks come in today. They stayed on the the S1 sand driveway and they backed out and everything's fine. So we're trying to reassure them so they can deliver us. And Elf load of gravel and we're also going to get in one big dump truck. I think 20 cubic meters of sand coming. And that guy was here earlier. I showed you that. So this is just what we're dealing daily basis. People come in here. If they just follow our instructions, everything will be fine and stay on the driveway. We just want to get it in here before the rain starts. It's getting ready to rain now. But I understand their hesitancy but we're just reassured them and told them there's been two trucks here already. One yesterday and the same one today and they had no problem because they followed our instructions. Okay folks we're going to head back towards the Kubo and I got to get something to eat here soon. So those lady jazz and DJ. So here we go. Just going to follow her and you want the breggie walk with the umbrella. It's not raining though sunshine but I think she dislikes it. Hi folks. Ciao buddy.