 Hi guys! If you enjoy the content, give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing if you're here. So, let's get into it! Right, today I'm working in this video. Why have you been so giving away food for free? Well, why? Tell me why. Does it mean that you've been in government or citizens giving away food for free? Well, either way, it's interesting for me because we don't have such a system or we don't work in Japan. So, yeah, it's very difficult. So, let's see what it's like. Right now, as you watched this video, people in the Philippines have been putting up food stalls. Not one, not two, but nearly a 1,500 all over the country. And this is not a shop. The food you see here is free. So, what do these foods come from? I mean, so these all foods for poor people, right? So, yeah, obviously many poor areas in Manila before. So, yeah, this is a good system. It's free for everyone. This is the story of community pantries and initiative that every country needs to know about. Because you see in the world full of food waste and financial struggle, this is inspiring. They have a bike community pantry to distribute food to many areas. They have a pantry for delivery drivers. They even have a pantry for stray dogs and cats. Really? It's surprising. They decide to do this in times of struggle. After all, this is not a rich nation. Don't many people there face life difficulties? I know, that's what I'm talking about. Whereas, obviously many rich people there, you know, I go to Philippines for business sometimes. People around me there, you know, all rich. So, it's so unfair in this world, isn't it? Well, they do. But it all started from one goal of this one person. One day, a selfless woman wanted to help those who were struggling in lockdown. She set up one country which was posted on social media and within 24 hours, it went viral. Before she knew it, more and more people were doing the same thing. It gave us hope despite our situation. Some people are saying thank you because it encouraged us to help too. It is unbelievable how many people followed what this one woman started. Well, I'm just pigeonous. What a touching story. You know, they're not forced about they voluntarily, you know, give them away foods, right? So, this is a fantastic way. Especially for the foods to be wasted, you know, it's very efficient to clave away. You know what? In Japan, we don't care. Just throwing away fresh fruits everywhere. What an idiot, isn't it? Which Japanese got to learn the lesson from this case? Men started a group of K-pop fans set up their own country. This family of farmers does a kind harvest. Yes. Willingly gave their catch. Many vendors donated fruits and vegetables they were supposed to sell every... What? The food supposed to be sell? This is a donation. Wow. Why? I don't get it. I think you got to mind over your business. Wow. What an amazing. Importantly, no one abused the system. Just look at this driver who got some food and later came back to give his own contribution. This is what the spirit of community is all about. And I hope many more countries can be inspired by this. I'm already inspired. The kids have been under a lockdown for over a year now. They have over a million COVID cases. People are losing jobs. Many were losing faith. But all of them was one kind soul to spark hope again. And again and again. From one person to one country. And now this one country is becoming a whole world. Because they have already inspired one country to have their own community country. With so many fights and disagreements, I see too many people around us lose faith in humanity. But it's not because humans are bad. It's because we focus too much attention on the bad things. But we need to believe that good and kind people still exist everywhere around the world. Wow. I hope we can come together and share this video to inspire more people, more countries to start community countries. Kindness like this deserves to go vital. And may it be a reminder to all of us that small acts done by many people have the power to change lives and restore our... This phrase, oh my god, this phrase really powerful to make. Wow. Touching. Our faith in genuine human kind. Yes. Amazing video. Fantastic video. Yeah, I think people must watch this video. As I said earlier, we live in a cynical world. As you know, the gap between poor and rich are getting bigger and bigger. Especially in this age, people are losing job. Because of current situation. We have some industries growing, taking demand for teleworking. Actually, an industry where I belong to is growing as well. So, yeah. In this age, we should be united and have each other. This volunteer is one of them. Yeah. An example. So, yeah, we can learn a lot from this video. But one thing that I'm worried about this volunteer is, it doesn't necessarily look good for the poor. I mean, people who are not so poor could get free food as well. So, the food you're supposed to be for people who can't make ends, they are means. So, how can you tell? All you have to say is just saying, I'm very poor. I haven't had a meal for a few days. I'm starving. Give me a food. Give me a food. That's easy. You know, I'm sure there are some people who don't work because they just don't want to be poor. And they could get free food as well. And they never try to get a job. Volunteering is important, but it doesn't necessarily solve the problem. Yeah. Saving them from the poor is more important, don't you think, sir? In Japan, the poor people get livelihood support, like, you know, they apply it to Japanese government. And once it's accepted, they can receive some money or, you know, support for getting the job. And of course, people who cannot get the job, such as, you know, disabled people, can get support for whole life. Japanese government try to save them from the poor. So, such a volunteer doesn't really work in Japan. Well, how about the bins? What do they do for them to get away from the poor? What are they doing? What are they dealing with it? Well, the bins are still in the middle of the development. And so, I guess they don't really have money, though. But again, in terms of, you know, unite or cooperation, yeah, this is a fantastic example. This one is a fantastic example. Well, I feel like I should do something good for people because, you know, I think about myself all the time, recently. Okay, that's it for today. Thank you for watching my video. Hope you like it. If you do, make sure to like, subscribe and like. So, see you later. Bye.