 Hello Filipino food, I'm coming for you. When I tell you, I'm coming for... Yeah guys, welcome back to my channel if it's your first time or if it's your second time. You're probably interested in watching this video because you clicked on the out of the thousands of recommendations that you had but you chose mine so you better watch it fully and subscribe if you like it. Okay, cool, thank you. I have arrived at the location. It was the hardest parking experience that I've ever had. I guess you're in many Filipino places here. She here after several times about AA8. Can someone get in here? This place is inside the Excepton in this chapter, absolutely everywhere. Here's mountains, in the mountains. Okay All right guys, I've heard me to main dish Express Sama, but this is a beef steak and this is the express first thing first express With the rice Oh Wait That's the perfect bite Wait, this is so good That sauce is amazing after this is something I've missed before I'm aware of what was it But it's so good way way way way way any more See that's the one This one rice that's a perfect bite Good spices I could say Not very different from this steak that we my mom may usually make No honey Oh, this is good. Oh, this was giving I'm telling you Kind of fed the Express thingy a little better, but this is giving I love it That's gonna be a bite makes with both I got two This is different dishes together Demand said that I should try it with soy sauce a little bit That's how you eat the steak. Yeah, I can't stop eating. I'm telling you I can't stop eating the one with the white sauce Yeah Well, I said they were asking me how I think they're actually People they're not floppino's but his work the Philippines before so he knows how to cook this stuff And I'm sure this will actually taste a thousand times better by eating in the Philippines The guy insisted on me drinking this soup. I'm gonna show you how it looks like It's very simple. I mean, I like the little onions in it given it a kind of It's not like taste of that makes sense I'm here at the Filipino woman What do you think of the food in this place? What do you think about delicious? You think it's cool You think your taste as good as the one in the Philippines? Oh, she likes it What oh, so the owner this rest one is Filipino and she likes the food. Thank you so much Thank you. Thank you so much. She's so nice. See that's the thing about flipping people now He got me a drink that a lot of you guys usually drink Shoot it smart. Hello hello. Hello hello Oh, okay I see. I think it's a bit of a shame. What do you think? Okay Well, that Take a look at me. Oh I Was that how you hold the tool Another yeah, okay, I like it It's really good. It's really good. That's what yeah Guys look the people are so nice they give me this drink for free I'm telling you and they were so nice they were like we want you to come back always is like that. That's how the place looks like um Yeah, go to them and make sure you eat at their places really good if you're following me from a man Jordan This is where the rest one and I'll be including the location in the comments That was a great experience. I should try that long time. We're gonna. Let me try that. Oh, what's it? Hello? Hello Yeah, that tastes good that tastes good. I'm telling you Oh I have so many things to talk about Okay, the Filipino ladies walk past me and they're started smiling. You feel a few people are so sweet And I'm not even talking about like the Filipinos that are following me even enjoying the evening in place where I live They're still sweet and nice and they're so like I don't know welcoming I went to the restaurant and the owner wasn't actually Filipino But he had Filipino chefs that he used to work with and stuff like that so he learned how to cook their stuff A lot of Filipino people come and visit this restaurant eat at it like even when I was eating there I mean three people already had came and at time even no usually it's not a busy time. Yeah a lot of Filipinos come and eat there Uh the Filipino lady was so nice the one that I talked to and she was kind of introducing me to the food Tell me this is this is math the chef and the owner was so nice I wasn't able to show you everything because they were speaking Arabic and I guess you wouldn't probably understand what they're talking about But I'm telling you my experience about it Now I'm gonna be waiting the food. I have tasted two main dishes and one drink which is this I took it with me and they give it for me for three like I told you the steak seen the first plate that I showed you They said really good. I had some good spices It tasted a lot better with soy sauce. So if you want to try it out Obviously, I've tried it before me. But yeah, make sure to include soy sauce in your dish I would give it a good 7.8 is really good and then the one that's called express that one was it That was the main shit and I and I would actually give it a good nine out of 10 It was it was so good the spices were nice Like it was just balanced in a really good way You wouldn't need to put any soy sauce on it all you need to do is just eat it with rice and even or like eat it alone I'm telling you and then this drink it's it has a weird taste But it's like at the same time. I know I had a weird taste. It was kind of like familiar somehow the dried fruits the mixer fruits And then the ice cream on top was epic and they gave it for free So I'm I'm I'm giving this a good nine as well. It's really good You know at this point. I feel like I'm in a Filipino of an neighborhood I never knew we had a place in Jordan where it's all Filipinos and it feels It feels really good because these people don't know that I have a channel where I react to lots of Filipino seniors and talents in general And I have thousands of Filipino viewers watching me. So it's kind of like it's kind of weird that they don't know yet I know and I don't know it feels it feels really good. This feels really good. That's I have to know it's getting hot right here I'm melting in my car my clothes But that was experience if you want more experiences like that If you want more vlog videos like that you already know what you should do tell me comment about it I would definitely do that again But next time please make sure they suggest me this name like so I would tell the guy because I don't know any Dish names. He just suggested me whatever he wanted But next time I want to try what you guys want. Thank you for watching. I'll see you guys next time take care of yourself And I always stay happy. Bye bye