 What should foreigners not do when they are in the film? No, I've noticed a lot of foreigners are very open when it comes to random conversations. It's like shocking for most Philippines. I'm not talking about you, right? Ah! Very anxious to see you. Yeah, good point. We get uncomfortable. Yeah, Filipinos are all with us. Or shine, I guess. I'm so excited. Another day, another episode. What's up Philippines? Welcome back to your reaction video where it's Nelly. And today we are reacting to things foreigners should never do in the Philippines. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I already know a few things, but I'm very curious to watch the video first and then have my conclusion at the very end of the video. So please join me while we watch it together. The other thing is that foreigners shouldn't do here in the Philippines when they come here. Oh, actually, they're actually... That's a very tough question actually. Yeah. They really do, right? Here in the Philippines? Hmm. I don't think that it's not appreciated, but it's not exactly you. Hey, everyone. Today I'm going to be asking Filipinos one simple question. What should foreigners not do when they are in the Philippines? No. Now Filipinos are known to be very friendly people, so I'm not sure whether or not they're going to have difficulty answering this question. But there's only one way to find out. So let's go. I'm watching the video. So what's your name? J.R. Alright, so today's video is going to be about the Filipino culture, but mainly what not to do in the Philippines when it comes to foreigners coming here to the Philippines. Like, what's something they shouldn't do? Shouldn't do all the... Shouldn't do. Right. Here in the Philippines. Shouldn't do all the... I don't like you in the Philippines. So, the foreign language, the people here is so friendly. And yeah. Right. I don't think Filipinos can... People who always appreciated like... Like, a foreign people. So nothing. Hmm... What is wrong? Because here in the Philippines, you can do almost everything, right? So, that's why it's so hard for me to answer that question. Maybe doing some disrespectful things that are to older people here. Because the elderly are very respected here. Very true. The other thing is that foreigners shouldn't do here in the Philippines when they come here. Well, actually... There are... That's a very tough question actually. But, yeah. I mean, in particular Filipinos are very friendly. And we're very hospitable. So, I guess... The media's damaged. In that sense, we try to be as tolerable as possible. But in terms of, like, maybe culture... I mean, mostly, like, in terms of, like, kind of, like, looking down on Filipinos, I guess it's one thing for Filipinos are very sensitive. And when it comes to that, when it kind of insulting other people in general. That is a very very valid point. I guess... Not just Filipinos. This is something that you should never do with any country. Whatever, never look down on anybody. It's just disrespectful. It's not tasteful. It's not a good trait. What do you mean? It's not even an English sentence. I mean, it's a very sensitive sentence. When someone offers you food, you have to eat it. Like, yes! Like, I know there are some foods that are not really, you know, pleasant looking. But, yeah, it's a common thing for Filipinos to offer food. We actually, like, it's one way of reading. Have you eaten or something? That's one way for us to socialize or something. It's really different. Yeah. Which I think is like so proud of what we have. So, like, if you kind of, like, say something negatively about Filipinos. What do you think that is? What do you think? Well, what do you think people look down on Filipinos? The food. Yes. If you ever get invited to eat some food with Filipinos, always see us. Always give it a try and always stay objective with your opinion. Because sometimes, yeah, I don't like everything, right? So, sometimes you just have to choose your words wisely if somebody says to you. So, what did you like the most or how did you like it? You can say, oh, actually, this one was amazing. You point out the one that you really, really enjoyed that much. And just say, what did it run that you off? I'm not even going too much into detail of something that you wouldn't really enjoy that much. One of those things that I have to say is like where I'm a little bit hesitant is balut. I ate balut in different forms, but not in the egg form yet. I will do that when we reach 1 million subscribers. I was here and I'll let you know my opinion about it. But, yeah, if somebody would offer it to me, I would not say no. First place, and why do you think that you already answered, like, their first sentence? Yeah. I guess it stems to our history. Because we were a Spanish colony for 300 years. So, in the caste system, majority of the Filipinos belong to the lower class. We were treated in our own country as it's a second or a third class citizen. So, there was a video about that. The independence from this Spanish. We have this certain sense of drive to group ourselves. If you say something negatively about the Filipinos, it's kind of like, I mean, we've already come from that. And we always try to prove something. Like, say, even in international. So, that's why if there's someone, I say, a Filipino who is doing, who is excelling in an international stage or something, then we tend to be so proud of it. So, when it comes to something they can do, something that foreign scandu when it comes here to improve their experience and to be more polite to people, like, how would you say they, what's an advantage? Like I said, the Filipinos are very friendly and hospitable. So, it won't hurt to reciprocate it. Just be, I mean, reciprocate the energy, like, be friendly too and stuff. What about something specific? Maybe something specific to show your respect or to have just like an overall better experience here. To me, more accepted, also by the Filipinos. Like, learn the culture more. Like, try to understand the culture of the Filipinos, try to interact with as many people as you can. That's what we are doing here on this channel. Show interest. I mean, kind of, you know, if you really show interest, they would really go way beyond, you know, the expectations of like, really helping you and stuff. Yeah, yeah. That's really one thing. And just really, like, yeah, like, immerse yourself in the culture, because Filipinos love that. I have this friend. He's healthy. Okay, yeah, very, very true. I traveled so much around the Philippines. I've been to over 50 provinces and, you know, just immersing yourself into the culture. It's one of the greatest experiences that I had. And I felt as like a part of a big family. So if there is one piece of advice that I would give every foreigner, visiting the Philippines, just be very, very open and receive all the love, dive into the culture, be part of it, celebrate it. And I guarantee you, you will make memories for life. And his sister came to visit here from Australia. And there are a lot of times, there are people who sell, like, Filipino, so it was ladies, and they will go up to foreigners. And they will basically scout me. So just try to be careful when they come to shopping, especially in like, smaller stores. Because they will end up scout me, you know, at some point, especially when they know. And usually the main target for them, I noticed, are foreigners. So what about something that foreigners do themselves? Like maybe something they do, they are used to in their culture. That's very normal in their culture, but then once they come here, it's not so much appreciated anymore. I don't think that it's not appreciated, but it's not exactly, I think it depends on the Filipino people. But I've noticed a lot of foreigners are very open when it comes to, like random conversations. So it's like we just open, go up to strangers to strike a conversation. A lot of times it's not really, it's like, shocking for most Filipinos. I'm not talking about it, you're right. Ah, very interesting, yeah. We get uncomfortable when people do strike up conversations. But I mean, it's fine, especially a lot of Filipinos don't mind it when they come. But Filipinos are all the most eye-catching things. Right. But it's fine. And then when it comes to something people can do to make the experience better, when it comes to interacting with Filipinos here with locals, it's like something they can do to make it a better experience. Really engage in the culture of the Philippines. Like get to know more about the Philippines and not just the tourist spots. Like really dive into the history and all that. And a lot of times Filipinos really, they really drag you into the culture. Because we have so much, there's so much to learn about the Philippines. And if you show it so much to learn, that's why I keep on learning really his videos as well. And you learn experience for you guys. So I think since they are foreigners here, I think they just have to be polite in general. Because Filipinos are very respectful of low-chabot to everyone and not being rude just because of their color. Because most of the foreigners here are white. I met someone like foreigners too. So when we were in the shoot, all of them are white. Most of the guys are white. And they were teasing about my skin color. So when I realized that I just have to be proud to myself what my skin color is, they are unique and I'm unique too. So respect is one of the most impretan. And one of the things that you have to do is say, or opo. It means respect here. If I'm older than you, I have to say po in opo. It's actually funny. If you speak a little bit of Filipino, Filipinos find out cute. They find out cute. And they would really interact with you if you do that. Learned a few words. So you can interact, you can get their attention, and you build a connection. And then that would be a really start conversation. When you learn, actually, yeah, learn the language. Learned the language. There's really nothing more fun for Filipinos than actually learning the language. Even if it doesn't sound right, Filipinos would try to understand and really interact with you. It's really, yeah. I love that. Thank you. You're welcome. I had quite a few conversations with my friend Kat who was visiting me. And she switched from English to Filipino to Tagliish. And when she realized, oh, I'm so sorry. I'm just mixing it up. And I said, you know what? I understand. I understand everything. It's so easy to make sense of what she was saying. And overall, I think watching this video, it comes down to one major thing. Always be respectful. No matter where you are in the world, but specifically in the Philippines, you will receive a lot of respect and just treat everybody as well as a lot of people. As well with a lot of respect, keep a smile on your face, take things easily, and come with an open heart. That was it for today. If you enjoyed the video, give it a thumbs up. Please don't feel free to watch other videos on this channel. And I also have a travel channel where travel the world. Eat some amazing foods and just show you what I'm up to. So it's the least life. It's always linked in the description box down below. It also pops up at the end of the video. You want to check it out. Subscribe to Tagliish. I appreciate it. And I'll see you guys in the next video. What's up Philippines?