 Future Friday. The freshest. Way fathers in the house. I have always been. In case you're doing now, Baleska's a little bit injured and I thought, and actually was your idea guys, that we brought that back in the show and we show him some of the new Gen Divas from the Philippines. Yes, just to be a bit supportive with the channel, not to replace Bali at all. Of course not. That has already reacted and reviewed like Regina Velasquez, Garibal in Siano, Gigi Delana, Mori said, has seen Casey Live, Bando Live, Angela Ken, even from the next generation. So I thought we would go into the side of singers that are still new generation but you have never seen. We will start with Ellen Infa, which is one of our favorite discoveries made on the channel. She's very young. I think she's just literally turned, she's less than 19 years old. And here she is covering, how am I supposed to live? I think so, yeah. Yeah. So much to be with. Life, this is all life by the way. I can hardly believe it, what I had used today, I had to come and get it straight for you. Oh, she made them funky, uh, I'm только, little I's just in here... When fire starts singing his cut, he's loving it ladies and gentlemen. What do you think? Well, what calls my attention really is that I think is in the same key. It is. Yeah, then Michael Bolton's key. Yeah, with Michael Bolton's is a very special situation because it's a male voice. Yes. Right? But what she's doing, that velvety and... And we sound like, well, let's dry at the same time. Yeah. They decided I wouldn't take that pathway but I would take a different pathway. Something like more, a bit more deep, deeper with river and exalting her velvetyness. Okay. Naturally. But they decided to turn it dry. Yeah. Because the bass line was very funky. Yeah, yeah. And it matches perfectly at the same time. It's a really, that's what I mean. It's a really imaginative... Exactly. And you were ranked... And creative, yeah. Which is essentially what you as an artist can do by yourself. Yeah, you all cover. Very more, very more. I'm too proud for crying. I'm getting coming to a breakdown. It's just a dream of mine. It's coming through a head. Better get it, baby. When I build my world, wow. There will be one thing we'd be so much for a better friend. I don't want to know what I'm saying. I don't want to know what I'm saying. But dreaming, even though it's part that I can take. Tell me how to watch a bus to live without you. I'm only loving this long ago. Oh, that pianist is like wearing like a hundred racks and he's necklace. Let's listen to that one. Same time up. She is why I wish. You know when you look at someone, you're like, damn, I wish you knew a single like that. So you could do work with and stuff like that. I've been working with one like that. Like she and Balox could. But I just mean it like the most fatherly thing to say. But I just mean in the sense like a style out of my feelings. So out of my relationship as a father, I've been performing a playing with Balesca and chief of field. No, I just mean it not in the sense of like the vocal range. I mean it more in the sense of stylistically what Ella can do. Because Balesca style is so different. No, but Ella style is so like it's very very R&B like especially here in the UK. You don't have that many. I mean you do have choices of singers that do pure R&B. Yeah, that's what I was going to tell you the equalization for her. Mid-range and high-range together. And they left the bass line to cover her bass. Right. It's very impressive what you're going to do for so young. It's very full as well. Very nice. An effortless. Yeah, very effortless. No strain at all. I think she's 18. She's 18 I think by the same. Yeah, come on man. That's a geog for 18. Of course. Yeah. It's also because it's a very full and mature voice for someone especially at that age where the decisions I live from my opinion, the decisions she makes are very mature. The decisions that not many singers are that position in terms of their revolution vocally. It would be a bit early to expect that from them. You must have missed it. Yes. Okay. I'm going to show you a second thing. It's actually a Christian song. Father loves his Christian songs. Her name is Stephanie. She's very young and she's actually just done a collaboration with Disney. Disney Plus. So let me show you this. It's on the wish bus. I would be great. Because I loved you when you were always in the world. It already sounds like a Disney song. That's the wrong composition. I think. But it's like a worship song. I'm glad it's not. Oh yeah. I'm glad it's not. Oh yeah. I'm glad it's not. Oh yeah. I think. I'm glad it's not. You know that arrangement of the strings. Yes. I'm so like. It's a frozen. Yeah. And you're always here by pressing the sound in. Everything, everything. The qualization is in my list of preferences. Yes, yes. It was song, I went to. It's very vocally clean. Yes, she's very clean. What are your thoughts? Definitely the fact that it's a worship song. Yes, everybody goes in the good list of other songs. Of course, yes. And the qualization, you know that delay with river and the chorus behind the pre-corros and strings supporting the dynamic of this kind of adagio, multi-vivase, and with that resolution, musically, and her voice on top of everything. So, it's a big presence. Yes, she's very professional. So, the song was composed by Jassán Meirador. The riveting ballad speaks about having the courage and its uncertainties through God's love, mercy, and presence in one's life. The lyrics is very revealing. I don't think this was a composition specifically made for her. It could have been. But it is part of this like a praise worship album that they did. A connoisseur did for the 10th anniversary commemoration album. Please send a link for me. I would download it. Absolutely. I'm going to show you one more. She is her name is Janin Berthin. Now, I've decided to show you something that I think encompasses more of who she is in terms of stylistically, who she decides to be. She's a much more alternative artist, not kind of hard to put her into one genre, because she's quite experimental with things. But I think this basically encapsulates who she kind of is musically. It's in Thailand. She did this in Thailand, and it's acoustic. I'm at the bottom of the list. I'm not the type to take her is. You see my name and ask her if it's this. Perfect example of it is what it is. Molly goes to do my wrong whichever is a blow. Very much pots and all my songs because my music is rubble on. Oh, and if we meet I just like that. That's right. That's right. I'm not worth the time over with the flow. I don't stare now because I'm afraid to go and break the status quo. Pull a guy holding the mic. This is fucking an arm. Oh, my God, my arm. I'm a medium girl. I'm a boy. I didn't choose that song because she says that's specifically said this. But you do know where I chose the style. I love this song. I love this song. I'm going to make sure that I don't stand out. I'm not afraid to go and break the status quo. Because when I choose to try to word out all my crimes I still don't get the leap of the whole show. Hey, I'm sorry. I'm mediocre. I'm a war. I'm the first night that died or a sight. I know what you're saying. That's as raw as it gets. You're getting a very unpollished take. It's been equalized. It's been equalized. It's a post-production in this. The interesting thing about all these singers that I've decided to show you is that the reason why they've made waves. There is no reason especially with us on the channel. There is no reason why we review them so highly. It's because in comparison to other music industries where it's not only post-production or equalization. Things to enhance. You have what a lot of people consider us like trickery. Vocal trickery or you have like super-production in which it goes so far away from the actual single's voice. That is a super-produced voice. The reason why these girls have become so popular and they're so wow-inducing is because they became famous first for their life. Unproduced. I know. Even on equalized a lot of the time. Sometimes a performance in a small room recorded with a... No, big stages. Big stages. They went viral because of the videos in big stages. Especially on television shows. The difference in television in the Philippines is that they don't use much post-production. It's live as it gets. This is a Filipino TV in a place called Asabnathintou. Do you remember the San Carlos in San Sionali in Venezuela? I do. In the Philippines, they do it on a Sunday. It's like a show and the music all the time. Of course in Venezuela. Music and magazine. Yeah, in other parts of the world, you wouldn't get live voices. You would get even playback because you have to dub. In here, the reason why the show became so popular is because this is a live as it gets. You will notice. That's Ella. So confident. So confident. Bro, no in years, no nothing. They're just he blasting. Floor monitors? Yeah, Floor monitors. Floor monitors. You see them in the front? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Ridiculous. It's music. That's why. Oh, away I know. That she reminds me of Casey Tandingan. Casey had an immense impact on the whole industry in terms of styles, choices. Because a lot of the time, you would just have a power vocals. Instead of stylized vocals and texturized vocals. They do like a medley and they come together. That's the identity you're painting. Yeah. Brian Adams, she'll feel very proud of listen to this cover. Yeah. It's Brian Adams and also a journey and full quality. I have so many things. Yeah. Now, this medley and these arrangements, they are arranged a lot of the time from the conversations we've had in the podcast with a lot of these artists. A something that is famous for arrangements in a very short time span. So the show happens on a weekly basis, which means the singers maybe have three days to actually prepare for this. A lot of the time, sometimes we know you get a call the night before and you turn up on the morning. You try and rehearse as much as you can and bam, live. You go on the show. It's live in the moment, live on television as well. And it's not live to the take. It's actually live life. So the actual fact that this performance has come out this great, you know, probably Janine learned this the morning off. If not the night before. Yeah, she's probably familiar with the song but and the band itself was with the musicians. Maybe they arranged us doing this on a Friday night. Well, it only has one sentence. Love for what you do. Yeah, yeah. Also, like it's just this is straight from the heart. That's a straight from the heart. Yep. That's right. So that's basically who at the moment in terms of like a female voices in the Philippines that are kind of like new generation and young are kind of making waves. What are your thoughts? That's a promise for the future. Yeah, yeah, right. They're probably they're also pulling in saying numbers. They're very popular. A lot of people are very interested in my TikTok. They do very well in those platforms and YouTube and all that stuff. That's so amazing. Yeah. It is. Yeah, very happy to see them. Yeah. Yeah, honestly. Okay, let us know guys. Perhaps if there's any other singers that you'd like to hear my father's opinions on or any other videos that you think you'd like to hear his thoughts. Far from that, Adios.