 ... Nahawa ha... Om pixah mati di nga kita Careful Quani Pas na mana Oleh your grandma say Careful No hands up the store Ina ako nalak Careful no hands up the store Careful Careful No hands No hands This store No hands No hands This store ... Alright guys, today I'm with Richie and she's gonna help me make Komote Q and it's really simple by the way, look at this huge Komote it seems the biggest thing I've ever seen in my life her neighbor was walking by you know Last time you got only like this big yeah, the one I found was all this big and then her neighbor walked by and gave us this as a gift I never seen one this big before in my life so she's gonna show me how to make this the ingredients is really simple, it's just oil and brown sugar and what we're gonna do now is just peel off the skin alright Richie's gonna let me do it yeah thank you so to make it easier okay got this one cut it in three, like right here careful I can start okay got this one here wait alright this is, I really don't want to cut this thing this thing's so huge oh oh oh oh oh oh oh man that's a good thing alright look at that it is nice alright I'll just start peeling too yeah I will just peel yeah easier easier who's the boy just a son what keep going that's good you make it easier not my gun but your favorite song you sing I like the tellsin and two 2002 how does that go can you sing it for me me I will always remember man how about the chorus I don't know the lyrics you sing it better already you sing it for us alright dancing in the hood in the middle of the woods and it almost died sounds that all are childhood friends and I will like the serif oops I got if you want to go and take a rub with me maybe one more time oh me you're special you really like to do is dancing yeah and you like to do tiktok tiktok what is your tiktok name bachichai bachichai b-a-c-h-e-c-h-i what is the chichai name just oh and tell them what is your real name what is your name my name is Richie on your birth certificate your name was meant to be Richie but they felt it wrong on the birth certificate also my last name you your last name is wrong too wow who was the person who wrote those down it took six months before before my name like on your birth certificate it's wrong I paid almost it took three thousand and then going to city hall and then change my last name because my last name is Adaptantin it was written there you supposed to be oh and then they put you and then it's hard for me to go there and correct it it's hard for you can't really do anything and your last name is a porn I can see why you didn't change your first name you want to take over or do you want to start this one can you copy this sure I think I should make sure I don't cut the gums up oh I'm not just go back in nothing no problem oh man it's change get that one and use this one I'm not gonna plastic one your hands just use this one it's very big yeah one is this one yeah I cut this one in half too maybe what is this one it's okay I'll use this but this one is more sharp I think you will have a hard time if you know it's dangerous you know it's dangerous it's dangerous you need to do that so do any of your students miss you? have they been contacting you? yeah so you're a English teacher yeah academic teacher academic teacher and you teach mostly foreign students from different countries Japanese Chinese Taiwanese once I have students from Nigeria oh wow and you do it through like online like it's video online in the morning I have one on one and then at night I have one line class which do you prefer? I like online class because it's very easy I don't need visual or something because I only need I can use google if you need to translate something or they like pictures so I can show to them I can just share my screen and then give examples for example they don't know what is grab it example so I will just find a picture of a rabbit and then show the screen to them it's easy because you can use pictures how many students do you have? it depends if it is usually I have daytime my class will start at 1pm but different schedule but my schedule starts at 1pm then I only have 4 classes or 70 minutes and then online is only 25 minutes okay what's your favorite thing to cook? since I work in Korean school I used to eat Korean food I like do you not cook Korean food? yeah the easy one is ramen just same noodles okay so all you have to do is get hot water and put it in hey I can do that too in my house every morning I cook oatmeal and all I do is heat up water breakfast yeah I mean I'm busy I just sit in order like what? do I Korean or online? Korean yeah or are there any grab? okay what would you do to order from grab? that's on very cheap from where? like can I make sure Pando if you like to advertise this video please contact me yeah because sometimes it's tiring to go out or cook food yeah usually but I must stay in teachers so I'm free but sometimes I don't eat their food because it's all different it's hard to adjust like even here it's kind of hard to adjust from other foods I remember you first ate yeah that was a long night I didn't feel any of this but I woke up around 2-3 in the morning and I think it ate too much or something I don't know what happened no because of the rice was we going to the rice yeah and I woke up around and I was like rich you know, feel good and then I ended up coming out here and I vomited I wasn't good but that doesn't happen a lot I'm used to it now and only every once in a while I get sick or not but it always tastes good going down I'll eat just about anything but sometimes a few hours later and a neighbor gave us some food and um today I think last night a little bit my stomach felt a little upset but nothing too bad it wasn't like that time where I did vomit just a little bit but um just a little bit what song is that alright what do you think is that one done that's some sugar on it that's very big it's like a slice of the pieces oh no I think mine's better than yours you know really? this is white stuff need to come off alright so okay maybe I need to I need to get some yeah yeah okay this is one of my want to fry that one? yeah that's a little cat nuggets that's good yeah all it does vanilla doesn't cat nuggets what's your favorite Philippine dessert what about you? what's your Philippine dessert? I mean favorite I do I like banana chips but banana chips are really good we can do banana chips okay yeah it's very easy to cook because you just need same oil and sugar and I heard that um oh you need to dry this that one oh dry the bananas and I heard that too for good banana chips oh you need to get not yet ripe bananas yeah but I think I don't remember what we made that before because if it is ripe it's already barbecue this takes a while it's very big yeah it is because it's so big this is the biggest one I've ever seen but I got a couple comments people saying they're really big and men now that's true maybe maybe it's just different kind of soil there okay cut them in pieces one two three like that one two three like that it's easy like this one two one two three one two three careful sorry kitty cat you gotta go three what's the name of the house on the store i don't know I don't know oh oh oh oh oh oh what kind of movies do you like Richie movies yeah action movies horror movies yeah you like to watch horror movies by yourself I don't like they're always watching horror movies with the kids in her and it's funny because I'm in my knee on next to you and they're always like oh it's scary and funny yeah especially when you're watching it outside in the woods pitch black and they're watching the scary movie and it's pretty funny I'm blowing your mom away what is she saying what is she saying she said I can I can do are you done I can do so we will use the doggas today today we're going to use the gas grill which was someone gave it as a gift yeah that's very very appreciated rainy season it's good to use hard to get because it's wet yeah we're definitely coming handy and especially for the rainy season I'm sure she was making fun of me because the words I say a lot it's pretty cool red I don't say red but I know what other words I say awesome that's pretty cool that's awesome what do you say a lot you say what do you say a lot you say what do you say a lot you say a lot because you used it for everything you used it when you're scared when you're surprised when you're I don't know you use it all of the time all right is that good cool all right so that big come out so what's the next step boil Ito ay natto. Dahil tayo. Dooara nominat windang sa ang  tearделink ka? Mana ako? Whir undergrad. Yung na koong tab cかな? Taong ang tulip na, ayog panenda? ... So it's like a... We don't know the exact measurements, but it's this much. Yeah. People that are asking for measurements, we don't really measure. We just kinda... Yeah, that will need to be put in. Alright. Go like this. Okay, more. Not all, okay. Wait enough. Enough? Alright. And then... This one. And start up. Yeah. That's enough? Wait a minute. Alright. We'll let that heat up a little bit. But we have different ways of cooking. Sometimes they wait until it will boil before they will put sugar. Okay. But grandma said it's okay. You will put even if it's not yet boiled. Okay, so there's different ways to do it. There's not only one way. Okay. So if you guys... Yeah, if you guys have different ways, you guys can leave them in the comments. Maybe there's other ways to do it too. But this is just one way to do it. I don't know what the benefits of having it before boils or after boils. But this is the way we're gonna do it. Grandma said because it's better like this. It's better like this? Did she say why? Because I didn't know. Well, she has been doing it for a lot of years. So if she likes it, then I'll like it too. She used to sell barbecue, banana, and she always do like that. Eat it. Eat it? I think I'll wait till I cook it. You can have it. I'm starting to... Starting to boil? All right. Yeah, wait a minute. Wait another minute? It's starting to. It's getting close. We have our silent help here. Thank you. It's my grandma. I don't know what to do. I don't know. I don't know. So she says the brown sugar will start to rise. Before we put the sweet cornstarch in it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe I'll just cook it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Can you turn? Yeah. Up. All right. Man, that's pretty nice. Just a little... No, we have to turn. Okay. All right. Give food. Just a couple in? Yeah. I'm going to have a little bit more. I'm going to have a little bit more. How much more? More. Wait and... Stop. Stop now? All right. And then do it. All right. What about you? She's like... Not at all. Careful. Okay. Give it to me. She's like... How do you hear her grandma say? Careful. No hands at the store. No hands at the store. Careful. Careful. No hands. No hands, the store. No hands. No hands. At the store. At the store. Not there. Don't touch it. Don't touch it. Lula. Notonana. Ano kaya. Notonana, notonana. Dan? Notonana, notonana. Oh, ya, you can get one. Panigyo matika. Careful. Dustin, careful. Oh, not not not not not. Oh, you can get them. That way. You don't like the oil too? Oh, ya. Don't quite convince them. The lemon gonna run! Don't you let the cucumber rain on your taste. Get, get. You can be the taster. Let's go with the dinner tonight. Dustin. Dustin, sit down. Why? I want to cook. Chief Cook, he said. One for you? You're a Chief Cook. Itch ab Strategic drawn bite, te ka may eat 해주ko as isit Asit may din Lutuna in lupa. Lutuna. Lutuna? Lutuna. Lutuna. Ya? Alright, I'll try. Okay, now. I'll show you. Yeah, good. Good. Pedro, are you ready to eat? Yeah. We're saving you some. One day. One day. Today. That's a richie, she gets all her talent. Even your father should do a duet. See, see, see, see, see. See, see, see, see. See, see, see, see. See, see, see. Here's a song for you. A song for me? He usually. See, see, see. See, see, see, see. Can I hear a song for you? You can say it. I just love you. I'll see you. I'll see you. I'll see you. And just good. I'll see you. See you. See you. Hey, that's a good song. Keep going. You have a song? Yeah, a song. She'll be in yours. She'll be in yours. Okay, seven years. Ah, no, when did you give us the tickets? Seven years old. Seven years old? Okay. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. I'm going to make a living. I'm going to make a living. I'm going to make a living. Bang, bang, bang! It's a richie, it's a good thing. It's a richie. It's a richie, it's a good thing. It's a richie. Break it down, Yohui! Bye-bye, bye. What did he say? What? I'll get you some food. Oh you, yeah Oh you're a very thin Oh no much, I'm brave I will be right there waiting for you Wow Why are we good? No That's the only words we know Why is Oshan's apart? They after they Yes Oh yeah Putul, putul Singing The best song is like I'm climbing the guava fruit And my coat is like I'm liking the lune It's like a little bit more than I thought It's like a little bit more than I thought A little bit more than I thought Okay Oh Oh Oh Oh Thank you Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh All right, I think I'll go out too Richie's mom is going to take over Well look how much that one Komote is cooking All of this, all of this And that's how much we have left over And Arnie's going to eat all of that Come here Bye-bye I love you I love you Bye-bye I'm saying a little backwards All right, thank you for cooking the rest I'm saying a little backwards I'm saying a little backwards I'm saying a little backwards I'm saying a little backwards I'm saying a little backwards All right, that's it Can you do it? Hey, don't, you can do it Just stand for it That looks delicious Cheers Cheers Cheers Cheers It's good It's good, it's good I love that stand for the cute Yeah I love that stand for the cute I love that I love that stand for the cute So as you can see This is a pretty easy way to make this You can do it at home with the gas grill Like we have, finally, thank you for that That is an awesome gift that someone gave us Or just down a fire How we usually do it Bye-bye We're just going to continue eating this And enjoy this So you guys have a good day We'll see you tomorrow Sweet I'm a cute Malak Sweet My cute You're a good guy You're a good guy You're a good guy You're a good guy One day It's a good guy One-two day It's a good guy You're a good guy Three Three Three Three Three Break it down Should we return to the room? Singing Singing and dance He's a good dancer I can see you I can see you I can see you I can see you What's so easy? Singing and dancing Singing Singing Singing I am cute What's going on? Singing and dancing So It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day Who's a bad guy? New Mars New Mars? New Mars? Somebody Somebody Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone