 Future Friday. Differishes. I've been sent this again and again and again. They're called Project Romeo, which is a fire name. I have no idea who they are or what they do. But someone sent 10 seconds of this and they're having a picnic that puts to shame every picnic you've ever had in your life because this is the musical picnic. Musical! It is a sub or musical! They're from the Philippines and they're doing Ipa tak da wat more. I think the company that song. Alright. Alright indeed. Who's sitting there? Having some cereal or something? Two. It sounds good. What the hell? How are they recording this with what microphones? It's just new kids, brother. Oh no! They're recording with their phones! Yeah, he look. Ah, the sound recording with the phone. How like the new TikTok guys are interviewing. Ah. Yes, of course, the random kid. The winds are blowing and they will stop normal way. It's a bit chiny. Bro, kids are so weird, bro. They are all they. I love when they stop you and they're like, watch this, watch this! This is the coolest thing you've ever seen! And it proceeds to do the dumbest thing ever. No, it proceeds to be the lamest thing ever and they're like, oh yes. Should I give him trauma and change his personality for the future? Or should I encourage him so he comes out just as weird? Question is, how did these guys grow up? You know, to be coming out this cool, to pick nicks and singin' a- You guys are very good. Oh no. We have heard the song. We have heard it. I thought we had it. But it doesn't feel good. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, they even got that Bollywood air. The Bollywood wind. Yeah, yeah. Oh, that is so good. That is so good. They harmony, they work, they vibe. Okay, I knew this was gonna be difficult because they come out. Okay, I knew this was gonna be difficult because the company is known for all this intricate harmonics work. They got us back in vocalist, they're really sort after in the Filipino music live scene. So, VST and the company. So I can't wait. I couldn't what's expecting this to be quite heavy in terms of like the vocal harmonies. But it is just so nice because it doesn't feel heavy at all. It's actually quite a nice balanced work of vocal textures and colors. And even though the two guys have a similar tonality, they're not remotely the same, which is really cool. Awesome, yeah. Yeah, it's really cool. That's something cool, girl. Yeah. I love when he has the lyrics. Oh, that's the finish. That was so necessary guys. That's been saying, we're musicians. That who needed the lyrics? Bro, what the heck, man? Yeah, yeah. It makes me happy. You could do a good mashup of this with like a band of bandsong or like an old regime of Alaska. Yeah, I feel like you could from this base, you could do a big OPM ballad glasses. Yeah, kind of thing. And I would want them to see me. Yeah, yeah. Gosh. Oh, she's doing such beautiful work. Oh, she's the girl. Also, the guitar sounds so good. That's so good. Is that what is that song? What is that song? What is that song? I don't know what that song is. I think it's Jewish. It is. Is it Jewish? I don't know. But you guys see what I'm saying? You guys are hearing what I'm hearing. You're hearing what I'm hearing? I see what you mean. I see what you mean, though. Like a slow down version. He's falsetto. He's so freaking. You're my angel. You're my angel. He does. So see what you mean. Affanerity. Affanerity. King, Affanerity. If my name was Arthur, I would put that in my hand, the King Arthur. I like these guys a little. Gosh. I just feel like you got a gush over them. It's just like, look at the vibe of the whole thing. What pop is this? Also, it's not like they sat down. It's like, this is the reason why we're in this picnic. It's more like, oh, we're in the picnic. And suddenly, we came with this arrangement. And now we have to film it. But how cool are these guys? How cool are they? The harmonic work is impeccable. The dynamics between one another. Beautiful. The freaking visual contact. And the layered work. Phenomenal. I feel like you can really work a lot of things through that base of a song. Okay, but not bad. That's the thing I'm been medley with. Okay, he's been... And he's been... And he's been... No, he's not bad. Yeah, I like them a lot. I don't know what they do. I think like they are a group of musicians. They have a YouTube channel. Oh, they were on the wish bus. Oh, two of them. Where's the girl? That explains why the other guy actually got like a lot of understanding. Because he also plays the guitar in terms of harmonics. It's a different. You are home again. Hold up a second. Have we ever checked these guys before? I don't think we ever have. But I feel like there's someone that we probably would. Right, but I don't think we have it. Bad or not, now we never have it. I just looked it up. That's actually so sad. This guy's right, though. I have a sincere apology to Project Romeo. I thought they had a Ben and Ben. I thought they saw Ben and Ben think, listen, they are cool. I like what's happening. I only met a poll at you. We should have found you earlier. To abuse you in my playlist. Well, we have freedom to do so. Unless you guys want us to check some more of their stuff out. Sure, if you would like us to review more stuff. And we will hold. Yeah, we have a rule where we don't listen to anything obviously. So then we can do like, you know, the reviews. That's right. But yeah, it's getting procededly more difficult. That's what you guys thought about. It's a shadow project, Romeo. And they've put your music list next to shame.