 How come you never tried the chun before? What's the real reason? Wow. You ready for this? My mouth is watering now. That looks so good. They just told us that we can't film in there. But I don't know why because they're getting free marketing. Today is the day that Reseo officially honors me as the husband. What are you going to do today? I want to be trying the chun for the first time. People even never tried lechon. It's so crazy. Nox has tried it. No, but it's all the time. How do you guys feel about mama trying lechon today? I've never eaten lechon so I don't really know. What a disappointment. I addressed up for the occasion. Why? You look like lechon? I wore my baggie shirt in case I eat a lot. But I'm just not sure. I'll be able to eat the chon once I get there. Is it my mama sure to say? I like parking. I don't want to see the parking front of her. Yes, you said. Because then I feel bad that I don't want you to do it. I'm going to still eat it. I eat tini gong. I just don't want to see it in front of me. That's the issue. That's a problem. Do you know what I mean? Can we talk about the weather, Ocampo? It is so nice, right? It's sunny day today. No sweating, even walk. There's a breeze. The nice breeze going on. It kind of, even though there aren't any seasons here, it feels like a little bit like fall right now because the leaves are falling. And it's around Thanksgiving, actually. It is Thanksgiving, by the way. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone. Happy Thanksgiving. Maligayang Thanksgiving. They don't celebrate Thanksgiving here in the Philippines. So we're substituting the turkey for lechon today. So we are taking mom duty to Ricos lechon, which is more like a sebu type of lechon. That's kind of where you fell in love with lechon. Best raw car car lechon. And we have spicy lechon. Yeah, they have the best lechon to be. God, it goes there. It is not even 11 yet. It's 10.40. So hopefully it's open. Mama lechon, press the chon. Wow. Ready for this. I'm very hungry. My mouth is watering right now. That looks so good. It might not seem appetizing to you, but it sounds, it looks really appetizing to me. I don't know. I don't feel like an appetite to eat it. So I eat chicken and steak and fish, but I just, you know, you don't see the animal when you eat a burger. And so I don't know. Maybe it's just like a head thing. So we'll have to see how it goes today. Welcome to Ricos lechon. This is our first time trying lechon. Okay, guys. I guess there's no vlog in here. So scratch the lechon vlog. They just told us that we can't film in there. That we need a permit. Which I don't know why, because they're getting free marketing. Well, that was a bus. So now we got to figure out where to go eat, because we're hungry. I think we should look for a turkey instead. Scratch the lechon vlog. It's going to be eating turkey for the first time in the Philippines. Assuming we find a turkey. Let's go ahead. So we are going to be going down high street to see if we can find a Thanksgiving turkey. And then if we get lucky, we'll find a lechon place. I don't know if there's any lechon place on high street, but we'll also be in a lookout for that, because we still have to initiate Rocio to be a true Filipino. Also, she needs a rice cooker. And you need to learn more Tagalog. So those three things will then deem you as a true Filipino. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm working on it, guys. I think the Thai Fong has turkey today. Oh, a lot of people here waiting for that to type on. Wish they had turkey. I wish they had lechon for you. Lechon dumplings? You guys served turkey? What's that? Oh, turkey. Like American. This is in the US. It's like shown. What about mangoes? Oh, that's right. Romul, hi. That's Thai. Definitely not going to have turkey. Maybe they have some turkey skewers or something. I'm just trying walking. I'm death threat for turkey. I'm trying walking puk because it's a meat area. So they might have turkey or recommend this. This is a mushroom. I'm on team Nia. Let's go to Wolfgang Puk and see if they have some kind of Thanksgiving menu. I'm sure there is one restaurant here in BGC that has Thanksgiving menu. And if we can't find anything, we're just going to order grab. We're just going to go to Dindai Fong. This is it. I wonder if they have turkey up there. Yeah. Because we're going to celebrate Thanksgiving. They're thinking, hold on. Let me check that. So I just asked one of the workers if they are serving turkey. So he was nice and up to go in and check. No turkey? Yes, sure. Turkey, do you know where we can find a Thanksgiving menu? No. Okay, thank you for checking. Oh yes, I'm on. They had no gobble gobble, but I believe that oink oink in there. I just want turkey just in general because we're like the let's go. Like, you know, like the biscuits that we should have, or mashed potato, or gravy. Yeah. And if it means ordering it on grab, I will do it. I will do anything for turkey and gravy. That makes two of us. And thank goodness it's still early because we want to beat the lunch rush because it's going to get very crowded in just a little bit. We celebrate Thanksgiving. Today's Thanksgiving, and I want to see you have a Thanksgiving menu. We have a turkey specialty, so they're Thanksgiving. Oh, you do. I'll call you. Oh my gosh. Oh wow. So it's a roast turkey served with mashed potatoes, cream, spinach, bean, casserole, cram, very sour, sweet and salty. I'll just double check the turkey and serve it later for tonight. It will be a dining or a peak of our village. But we have something going on. We have a birthday. We have a birthday party. This is available tomorrow also. Or just for tonight. Oh, okay. So the problem is that you have to pre-order it, and they don't have it available for lunch. They only have it available for dinner. So the other problem is that we're going to be going to a party tonight. So we can't do that. But we are asking to see if they can do it tomorrow. Technically, tomorrow is Thanksgiving in the US, right? So I don't know if that'll be better. Yeah, so she's going to message me and let me know that we can pre-order for today in Portugal. Thank you. Wow, that is crazy that they have turkey and mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce. That is such good news. My mouth is watering as we speak. But I think Thalma is more disappointed because he really wanted us to have lunch on today. So we'll have to see if we can find both. But we're going to check out another spot about a block away from here to see if they're serving turkey right now. We're going to check this one. Okay. Wow, this is fancy. We always pass by this Facebook. You have never seen such a place. Our buildings like right there. I have a question. Yeah. Um, we celebrate Thanksgiving. Yeah. And we wanted to see if you guys have a Thanksgiving menu. We have them. How are you doing? Yeah, today. What do you want to do? Open. Can you? Maybe something. And this is always Thanksgiving menu. We have this. This is definitely. Roasted turkey. Stopping. Stopping. But you guys, you guys already cooked the turkey. Yeah. While we've been going to restaurants trying to find that because we're from California. Mm-hmm. Yeah, see. We really are craving the turkey. Mm-hmm. Thanksgiving meal. You're supposed to eat lechon today. Do you have lechon also? We don't observe. Oh, that would have been great. The hell of an episode. Why, you're not? With lechon. All right. She's never tried it. I'll try that one. Good. So you're responsible for the turkey? Yes, just. Thank you very much. So if it's not good, you can jump in. That's a chef. Oh, is he? Yeah, he's a chef. He's like, what are we celebrating? And I'm like Thanksgiving. Oh, shonte. So if we order the set, we get all of this. Oh, I see. Okay. So I'm the one that eats a lot. So I'll get a set. Yeah, I'll get a set. My wife will just get the this one. Only turkey. On the turkey and my son will get the turkey. They'll kind of share. That's good for right now. For hungry, then we can order more. All right, guys. This is what they have for their Thanksgiving set menu. That vegetable salad with smoked salmon and dill mani sauce. This is new for my Thanksgiving dish, though. I'd never had dill mayo with veggies and salmon. It's delicious. So random. We're in a French restaurant eating an American Thanksgiving meal when I was supposed to try lunch on for the first time today. And the restaurant, the omelette is like French. Like it says, going up at T. It's very, very messy. Oh, by the way, guys, Philippines used to celebrate Thanksgiving back in the days when America used to call nice this country. Okay. So the next thing we got, which was supposed to be my dad's, but I stole it from him because I'm a little bit hungry, is the roasted bell peppers and the pre-cooked bisque with croutons. So that sounds really good and let's dig it. Okay, let me smell first. Siftest. So it kind of smells like clam chowder. Sorry, I won't say that in commission. That'd be good. They're staring at me. Okay, okay. Kind of just like a potato soup, but more creamy, but also watered down. But it has this also the peppery, like bell pepper taste. Not quite like peppery, but the bell pepper taste that you get when you have bell pepper. Is it spicy? No, it's built up in salt. It's so easy. It's so funny I told Nalvan it was too early to drink, but here we are with our bloody Mary, and I'm not mad about it. So Thanksgiving to us highlights more than the fruit itself. It also highlights gratitude. So it is one of my favorite time of the year. I am thankful for our help because last Thanksgiving we were actually here in the Philippines, but we were in the hospital. Nini was in the hospital, and that's how we ended up celebrating our Thanksgiving. Oh, turkey. I'm so thankful for turkey. Thank you. Salam a' kwiah. Another big thing about Thanksgiving on wire, love it is that after the fact that you stuffed yourself the next day, that's when you usually go back into the health thing. And with that said, we are trying to get back into the health thing. Yes, we sure are. We are going to be having our first family run here in the Philippines. So a little backstory is that we have always done races. We have included noxenia and family fun runs back in California, since they were babies. So sorry to interrupt your story, Mama. So when we were doing a family fun run, Kobe Bryant was there, and Kobe Bryant went up to me and touched my hand, and then I was like, I was only baby, I was on my dad's shoulder, and I was like, I can't believe it. I don't remember it, but I have pictures of it. So that's the picture. Pee. So it's we're going to keep that tradition going here, so I'm really, really looking forward to that. And it's a family glory, so that's at night time. So what do you think, Fulforo Campo? I think Fulforo, Mom Dooty, Nox, and Nia. Oh, I love you. They're my circle of trust, my best friends, and without them. And without them, life would be less meaningful. So why you said Mama first, because Mama is your favorite? Did second, I'm the second favorite, and he is the third favorite. Well, I do have to say that Mama is always first. And then Nox, I would have to say you are my favorite son. And you're my favorite daughter. I know. I know. Okay, so we've got some turkey. We've got the pumpkin stuffing underneath it with roasted vegetables and yummy herb to potatoes. My mouth is watering as we speak. First, I'm thankful for you guys. And second, I'm thankful for that more lawn, okay? And third, I'm thankful for getting 100,000 subscribers. This is not happened yet, but I know it's going to happen. Whatever Nox, he said. Oh, there is the cranberry sauce. I was like, where's the cranberry yet? Now they want a B-roll of turkey. Flow motion for me. So, I really liked the sabreiness of it. It was really good in the cranberry out of that sweetness. It was really good overall. I read about 9.2 out of 10. Very savory and sweet. I probably get to give it a 7 out of 10 because I'm not a flavorful person if you guys know me. Well, turkey is usually pretty dry, but a good turkey can be dry, but has some flavor and nice juicy taste to it. Hmm, that's pretty good. Definitely a turkey. It eats like a mix of pork and chicken. Not me. Oh my gosh. If a pork and a chicken had a baby, it would be this. Yeah. That's what Nia is trying to say. Oh, but you know what? This is missing. There's no mashed potatoes. I did not see most of the potatoes because I think there's actually three potatoes. Who has roasted potatoes? I don't know. I don't know. No, not the states. We don't have that. We have mashed potatoes and grapes. The stuffing to me is a 10 out of 10. For sure. The... The turkey, I would say, 8 ½ out of 10, I've had better. What's the rating? Hmm. Hmm. I did seven. How would you like a five? Oh. Terrible person. Wow. I'm never coming here with you again. Terrible person. It says five. That's pretty good. Garcia. You bring shame to this family. Oh, sorry. I see you. Eat out my worship. I'm sorry. I'm from the states. Like, our standards are high when it comes to things giving. I'm so American right now. Hopefully the chef doesn't see this blog. So if it's not good, you can tell me. I actually really like it. Now, I'm not changing the subject, but now I'm looking forward to wolfing pucks, turkey, many of them because they have mashed potatoes and grapes. Hold on. You're still not getting away with not having lunch on. I'm going to eat that after eating some turkey. I'm going to be stuffed. Get it? Oh. That's really good. That's fresh, baguette, strawberry. I was going to say, usually I'll think, skipping after you eat, you want to relax and watch a movie. Can we just wait? Wait, here's a fun fact. Turkey has something in it that makes you feel sleepy. I think everything makes you sleepy now. Well, it does. Yeah. Turkey contains an amino acid called tripe tofen. Neurotransmitters that contribute to relaxation and... Ah, so I was right. Turkey, that's make you sleepy. But you know what waits you up? Anybody want to know what waits you up? Mama sings. Mama sings. Latch on. What? How much did you get that was 2600 vessels? Enough for me and Nox. Nox, we got leftovers. That's their smallest size. Really? Yeah. Mama, my mom is a picky eater. There's another fun fact about receipt of... she used to be a vegetarian for like a year and a half. I don't know. I just, my taste buds are not, you know, they're just bland. It's just like bland stuff. I was born with bad taste buds and I don't eat fat. I'll feel, you know, see fat though. Fat is like... And my sister has gotten a lot of that. That's why he needs a picky eater. So we are just waiting for the lechon to be served up. We're actually taking it to go so we can have the luxury of eating lechon back at our condo. All right, let's do this. Thank you, Glees. So, stomach for the beautiful lechon. Okay, so I just want to clarify that I do eat pork. I love the pork. It's in gong. I bacon. It's just, I don't eat it this way because it just visually not appealing to me. But, you know, I don't offend anybody by this, but I do want to try it. So I'm ready to celebrate with some lechon with you guys. Okay, so it came with two sauces. This definitely is vinegar. This is more like a great, I mean, it looks more like a gravy. Let's try it. I just got a little piece. Here we go. So the sauce is sweet. I didn't expect that. I thought it was going to be like a gravy, thicker creamy sauce, but it's a sweeter sauce. And the meat is very, what is it? Like juicy. I didn't expect it, juicy. I think I was expecting more like that chicken, like, dryer meat, but it's very juicy and flavorful. Almost like it was marinated in something. Very different than turkey, which is usually dryer. Okay, so this is the vinegar sauce. Let's see. Mmm. I like it better with the vinegar sauce. So when I have any kind of meat, I usually like to put like lemon, and salt, and chili. That's the Mexican enemy. So I would love this with lemon, salt, and chili. Wish I had some rice again to put it on top and just eat it. Okay, now here's the skin I heard. This is like the most important thing to eat. Do you dip it in the sauce or do you just eat it? I think I'm just going to go for it and eat it. Oh, you got that crunch? It tastes like chicharron. It's chicharron. You've got the crispy, and this to it. You got the softness to it on the inside. This got a little bit of the meat. I'm impressed with myself. Mmm. I'm glad to share that crunch. It's like a shaman. Very crispy. I wonder how nobinin oxalrate this compared to siu uzi lachon. Mmm. Juicy, tender, flavorful, delicious. I feel like lachon is not just a food here in the Philippines from what I've learned today. It's like a way of life here. It is part of history, part of the culture, and I'm just so glad I tried it. Now I can understand why Filipinos and the nobinin oxalrate love it so much. Well, that ends our random vlog today, guys. Maligayan Thanksgiving. Mingsalam for watching, and we'll see you next time. Ignat.