 We get to meet. What's going on in the video, right? Hmm. I don't need the introductions, right? Do you? No, no. Unless we're missing something, oh well. They just usually have like, they show the guy and they have like a little song. You don't need all that. Like he's coming out for this steel cage match or something. Very comfortable with this chair. So interesting because supposedly this one's all in English. So it'd be really easy for us to understand, right? Well, I'm not the sharpest sometimes, so I'll do my best. You're not the sharpest thing, or tool and the thing where they keep the sharp stuff. Somebody once told me, no, never mind. Yeah, sing it. Nope. Right. Last one was hilarious, so this would be pretty good too. Looney. Looney. Flip top, come star. Prepping for this match was torture. Eric, I can't thank you more. You took me on a massive tour. This land is gorgeous. He even shared his battle formula. The way you prep is mad and important. Pegasus, Air Force One and Happy Fauna. I was nervous, but they were very nice. They said he goes there every night. And now this punk is what he gets me. Just some bamboo things he's destined to be worship for his earnings. Make your money don't impress me or punch you in a frenzy till I'm rupturing your belly. Pull your guts out. Hang in testing some of the raptors and the belfry. I'll drink your blood like it was sharing. Crush your nuts into confetti. Then I'll ring your girl and yell. We've saved a bunch upon our wedding. It's it's gonna get real messy by knife. V machete. This puppy's blood will spark at first. I'd love to get a selfie. Would that be all right? He's very nice. He's like throwing comedy in there with it. He's like. Thank you. See for a while now I've been trying to take a bunch of shots to illustrate the lowest ebbs of human nature. Sober things. Sober things that make me think I'm lucky. Life's okay. Yeah. You know like a dog that's lost its tail or a guy who's missed the train or a bunch of guys I've met who've been sleeping rough for days without one picture of your face. That is proper fucking failure. I mean that other stuff is really bad but that could be my screensaver. I mean no one would fall in love with this. You look like a deflated puffer fish. One eye closed, shite closed, hair on your chin that's like a goat's nostrils so far apart they each have their own time zones. When you picked it you weren't all that subtle. Did you dig the finger in right up to the knuckle? Did you lift it in the minute? Did you get your whole fist in? Did you hammer in both like some pneumatic pistons? When you sniffed does the furniture drift in? I heard it sucked up his grandma when she lent into kiss him. When you're out on a mission that the wind starts to pick in does it fill up with dogs and cats and pigeons? I heard at weekends if he's got spare hours of fitting it likes to install the odd art exhibition. It's a wide nose. That happened. She had a quite scary you know but I'd shave my hair too if my hair didn't grow. I mean come on. That was a big surprise that he was there because he needs it. We all know the truth. You're having a meeting. If you took that thing off, if you took that thing off you could see it retreating. I guess it's not just Sony records that wants to up and leave him. And don't listen to them. You don't need no cosmetics. You're like a one-man Filipino Venice just with the nostrils of an evil ferret and the hairline of Magneto's helmet. That was pretty good. That was pretty good. My son noise. Got him right away. That was perfect. You're a bow-wrapping teacher according to the pamphlets but no one's looking forward to your matches because there was boring as your classes. You like to call himself a metaphorical assassin. Bro you're such an adorable faggot. She sent this foreigner's body to the corner after using his four-wheeler bag as a portable casket. You're a full-time teacher, right? Fly by rapper. You can't kick it with me grist. I'm a Muay Thai master. The type to body bag you can give you a high five after especially if you're asking for it. Like the Wi-Fi password. Now you really think that you can win here with your nice guy swagger, nice tricracker. Oh, damn. The board that's soon tied is signed with a tie-dye pattern and a t-shirt inside that says white lives matter. I hope you fucking die of cancer. You liney bastard. Listen here little brash brick. Fuck your fish and chips. Over here in the Philippines we got fish and chips. Now what you know about that motherfucking deal is crisps. Yo, last time I was in London I tried ordering my lunch in. Sausages, muffins, porridge with some crumpets. The food was borderline disgusting. And for the record most of your women are either oversized or ugly. Now bet you bloody wankers don't even have the bullets to colonize this country. In a brav. In a brav. Got him to crack. Now even if I lose I consider this shit grist for the mill. But he just came here for my views. It's literally grist for the mill. So I guess the mill unit school for this British buffoon and his illiterate students sit in his school but listen up dude. You know how this battle gets triple the views. I don't mean to be a bit of a douche but get on the ground right now and start kissing my shoes. Wow. Wow. I don't know what that means. Yeah you are more famous. You're a celebrity dude. You saved Indiana Jones in the temple of doom and you said London. That's not where I live. I bet you think your girls G spots on a left eyelid. I just bowed. ProJay. You should know your fucking place. I'll beat you back to back to back like Joe did Drake and you know it mate. You should be proJays proJay. And you think the ch- and you think the crowd shanning your name is something I fear bro. Nah. I was in Brazil was a real fucking hero and he'd hate the kind of writer you are. The king of rhyme. He said online in the star I can rhyme with anything my rhyme in so sharp like I could rhyme whole bottle and my when you start I got whole bottle I got role model I got throttle I got wobble wobble. Oh the majesty the gravity I'm amazed I'm in awe such rhyming magic he's like a philippino dumbledore that's that's rhyming it is essence so insightful such invention I mean I've never heard anyone use I got wobble wobble in a sentence and yet you rhymed it with whole bottle. Wobble wobble so awful waffle waffle and he's so quick to claim that he's big in the game a gang stew hangs with a baddest you've met. Yeah loony so cool in an old interview claimed his main inspiration is a lannis morissette yeah a lannis morissette how fucking gangster can you get he heard jagged little pill found it insightful he loves that CD he'd think clutch like a bible when he heard a UK artist was coming to fight all he could think was I hope it's a spy girl doesn't listen much to grime or rap or M&M well sometimes you can you did listen all the time to stan he loves those bits where dido sang and don't you think it's funny that you heard a woman singing about mediocre men who try to keep her quiet and the content of her work spurred you on to be the lynchpin of a whole scene where women don't compete where they stay silent I mean that's a little bit ironic nice material on women is so played out and greasy on top of that mate it's so fucking easy like I'll come around to you crypt I forgot to do the oh you forgot to do that trick that people are telling us yeah yeah what was it yeah I forgot to do the where you what is it you go to the end of the video yeah and like just watch it for like halfway and then you hit the replay button okay so I'm at 12 now it's not gonna work well are we gonna get another ad okay yeah now hit circle and then hit and then bring us back to 12 now let's see if that trick works I don't know if there was gonna be another commercial not women is so played out and greasy on top of that mate it's so fucking easy like I'll come around to you crypt tonight you girls you want my dick insider afterwards I'll go home write a shit review on TripAdvisor I'm sorry guys I apologize but that is 90% of what you write Philippine no time you yo now I don't care who you are and what you do and I didn't understand a single thing you said to me man but fuck you too you see a research in for this brash gun wasn't really fun I typed in the best of more grist and guess what bro there isn't one oh yeah yo I tried googling this bitch and I felt like I was clicking for ages and then finally more grist after 17 pages another desperate agent irrelevant nameless beggar with elephant thesis and judging by the melanin and the freckles on his face you can definitely tell that he's racist oh I bet you like to touch kids on a regular basis oh so it's brutal that's brutal as per the agents for having sexual relations with seventh grade Asians you're a fucking immature asshole who likes fucking immature assholes she's wow he may look like a decent guy but deep inside he's got an evil side the one with a smiegel smile that's right p-defile now I want you to be advised that nobody in here cares to understand those European rhymes and if somebody ever claps or reacts I won't be surprised because nine out of ten is probably just my Filipino peoples being nice oh because your skin is white you have a face that says I'm insecure about my penis size I hope the last remaining members of the beels die just so I can see you cry this fucking white geek isn't trouble when I beast your life feed in the jungle where I eat if you wanted more views you should have doubled my feet but you'll never reach the likes of someone like me bag it oh that was pretty good that was good go on okay before I start seriously arick thanks a lot man you really hook me up now arick here gets a ton of love comes to you though not so much a lot of the battles hate him they always say the same things he's greedy hates this scene and he won't do shit if you don't pay him if you ain't got cash you're blown off he's all about his own costs at first I figured well so what like he clearly needs a nose job but they took me to one side and more reports not coming through you're slipping on your tight rope no safety net you're falling through you want rescuing these guys won't because each of them is bored of you cheating for those high notes like your Britney Spears is all oh tune you back stabbing cash grabbing sack of crap or gas and branding anyone wanted actual help he wouldn't do a damn thing he cheats and lies he really likes to see how fucked you are the king of rhyme now lion king and it's clear your uncle scar and the first I've never seen a lion king he packed up his bags and toured around the states and so yet it turns out your tour wasn't great I mean how many was it like four people came I mean no lion no walkies today that's why they asked you to tour it again they paid for your comforts and look how you thank them the money he makes investing in abandoning all you guys for gold wigs and handguns he keeps facing west like a compass that's stamped on it's all Western artists he says they inspired him it's all Western references inside your writing you don't know this country this people that's fine but that is the truth boy why try and deny it round here well they struggle for food on the street he's a trump tower reduced to his knees guzzling suckling refusing to eat till Donald Trump's pubes are removed from his teeth wow and got no balls and got no courage he saw all the suffering just figured fuck it one sniff from the west just watch him go running I won't be surprised if you hide in my luggage unfinished unfinished with this kid who sees my passport as the thing of dreams he'd pack up all his things and leave ignoring what's here in the scene I mean loony mate you're killing me it's a symphony such history damn he looks pissed it's in these streets I mean it mate I don't want to leave a fucking love the Philippines this gig's been dope I don't want to go but it's time to bring this thing to close if you're smart you'll know how the multi goes damn yo that pathetic piece of performers art they're like what he does is excellent as far as here in the Philippines trying to make his mark on the Philippine map with his Mr. Bean swag I'm the president the punishers bring in the guillotine back you're about to fade away like that skinny jean fad this mismatch is a mishap I'm predicting this will be bad kind of like duterte's middle finger against the brisk queen's twat now it's pretty obvious that I'm about to body this faggot ass battle rap hobbyist with action bronze intents your way past your prime but still you're an optimist stop at risk you're older than a floppy disk you got beat by definition a fucking retard that makes you the perfect definition of a fucking retard rhyman retard with retard no I know that nobody in here gets it and I respect it but accepting this battle was a big mistake and he regrets it like brexit now check it I'm a legend they refer to me as alamak I'm about to crush this ginger and turn him into salabat but for my final bars I have a deep print battle plan I will use my july b call center accent so everyone can understand I'm here to leave a lasting impression on mark like a cattle brand break his heart like a tander fan because I'm teachers enemy number one no I'm flexible like a rubber band you want to mortal combat with me mr. rascal brand I'm like go row with the forearms I got the upper hand yeah now this is something that you cannot extinguish it's gruesome when I depict this and you cannot distinguish do you know what else rhymes with the silent edition this phase get it's sex can be used English you I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what that was but that sounded cool. That's cool. Man, that's tough to call. I hate to do grist. I like to gr- I like to grist, man. I think Looney has some- he was just- He was steaming a little bit a couple of times here. I think so. Yeah, he's got that harsh edge that I like. He's just like brutal with it. He goes right for the throat. The other guy gr- grist is a little more- There's a lot more wordplay involved in getting around to what he's saying. So there's a little more creativity there. They're both very good. Looney with the accent too. That's great, man. I think that- Which I would have known he said at the end though. Yeah. Because I was probably like to grand finale and totally got the crowd going. It's like fucking subtitles failed us. Damn. But I love that shit, man. I like how they- you know, they look pissed and everything. Yeah, and then they- Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like good one, you know. It literally, it's like a fight, you know. It's a- it's a rap battle. So do they- do they end up like, you know, crowning the winner here? I don't know. We got three- how many minutes have we got? I'll see. They're just talking. They're just like, hey, how's it going? This is after the fight, yeah. He's like, I kicked his fucking ass. I kicked his fucking ass. I wouldn't be less than a man if I didn't admit that he kicked my fucking ass. That's what Chris did. I'm a big puss. Anyway, oh, yeah. Yeah, sweet. I like that. Like I said, I was cool. That's cool. They can just fire fast fire at each other like that. But they're not taking a personal. No, I mean, that's a lot of that's a lot of, you know, research and a lot of stuff to remember, man. Very creative. Very creative. It's all about the delivery to the way that they're up there and presenting it. Like actually like captivating the crowd, you know, they got the crowd. That's cool. If you stumble once, they're gonna boo you, man. They're gonna lose and they're- it's gonna get ugly. If you forget your line, if your timing is off, if you pause, if you just- you miss a beat. So I did- We cut that off. Yeah, so this is cool. Thanks for chillin' with us. These are fun. Give us a summary of what that last part was about. His grand finale. Yeah, someone just, you know, you got time to translate. It wasn't too much. No, everybody. A lot of people, I love that in the comments too when they're all like this is what it was about. You know, this is what he said. Yeah, stuff like that. Alright. Hook it up with the translate. Yeah. Thanks for hanging out. We gotta go. We gotta do more stuff. Yeah. More stuff to check out. Bye.