 But you're Friday. The freshest. The festivities are here finally and I am so excited because when you look at this video, when you look at this environment right here, the first thing that comes into my mind is Christmas. You know what? I don't even know what time of the year that is because in the Philippines, I think it might be like a birthday or something. But in the Philippines, during Christmas, sure. But there's like Christmas decorations left and right. Christmas in the Philippines, very similar to Christmas where we're from in Venezuela. But we celebrate it from September. And the electricity bill no longer exists. You know? That's what so different here in the UK as well. Everyone pays attention to that and stuff. And like the lights, they go on on like a first December and the tree comes down in the 31st. You know? Yeah, how sad. We may be old year if we could, yeah? Literally, we put it up in September. We take it down in January and yeah, that's a life. This is what I can see. The magical singers. Singing Jingle Bells. Happy Christmas, y'all. Not even first December. I just could wait. It's really exciting. We're really close anyways. What's your track? No, it's them singing. See? It's them singing. See? It's them singing. That's the fuck. That's them. I'm sorry, but the girl in red, she's living her best life. She gives me big mother vibes. She is the Christmas and what? She's a mother, a mother at those Christmas. Actually, those coming from like a radio somewhere and then they were going to jump in. No, no, no. That was fuck. It's them. They only have a pianist somewhere. It's doing like a little late. Jingle, jingle, jingle, jingle Bells. For half one, I love that. They're like 70 people. I love the lights for those of the brown. It's very fun. I'm just looking at him. See, see this fella here. This bridge is looking man. In the middle. He is me. He is me right now. Just looking, looking. Oh, yeah, what a lie. Yes, yes. I'm definitely don't have that talent. Oh no, that's literally me. You imagine, like you didn't dinner and then you're, I don't know, maybe have a little drink, check your Facebook or something. I'm like, I'm like dead. I'm like, what is this? The gates are like heaven, I've opened. If I'm Christmas. Yeah, literally. Oh great bro. You forget the Christmas. It's actually, but baby Jesus isn't it? Not by the gifts, but it's not by the gifts. Okay. All the lights. It's about baby Jesus. It is, it is. Yeah, they always said they in my school. Always said that. They said it's not by the gifts. It's true. But baby Jesus. Yeah, because I think you all forgot. Yeah, we were all very fucking crazy kids. Yeah. Jingle, gawd. Jingle, gawd. Jingle, jingle. I love my voice. Ah, you're doing great. Jesus, having a best time. I'm more be like, huh? Jingle, jingle, jingle. Jingle, jingle, jingle. Jingle, jingle, gawd. No way. Everything with all the power is. Strive in the wild. So, we're still drinking the wild. Jingle, jingle, jingle. Jingle, jingle, jingle. Jingle, jingle, jingle. Jingle, jingle. I'll break it. Put it into context. In case you don't know, the magical singers are. They are arguably one of the best quiets in the world. It turns out that I think no this. But they're actually normal people. And they live normal lives. Yeah, that's right. You know, they like, they have normal jobs. Apparently, I don't know. I'm just saying, I'm in it normal in the sense of like, they breathe the same air that we do. And they eat food as well. Because when you listen to them sing, you would imagine that they're actually angels. Or like, you know, those channels, they're quiet, when down this rabbit hole over there. Like, they try to prove the existence of angels, right? Ah, that's great. They're like, example numero uno, motherfucker. Ha, ha, ha, you not landed on this. You know, it's like these beings, they're not different. You see the energy on the lady on red? Yes. There you go. Like, that is enough. I've never seen anyone so happy. Well, yes. How exciting again. I think this in the body is the best idea of Christmas. Yes. The way that we grew up in Venezuela with the same sentiment, because it's a jingle bells. We wouldn't sing jingle bells in Venezuela. But with the sentiment that we get kind of get here as well. It's like a war mix. I kind of feel a little nostalgic. The jovening knowledge of like, oh, maybe because I know people from the Philippines sometimes watch. Do you guys, if you're watching, have you got any like jingle carols, like any carols? Like carols, like, so glory. Yeah, for glory carols. Because we had, what would you call them? Aginados. Aginados. That's what we call them in Venezuela, which is Christmas songs. Christmas folk songs. That's right. I wonder if you have them in Tagalog. I would love to hear them. I would love to hear them. But not sung by kids. Because you'll find that a lot of the time. Yeah, these songs, Aginados in Venezuela, are like children's carols. They were very popular among children. And you were forced to sing them, or they would not feed you in your school. Ah, that's the true. What the hell? We have to sing them. And I hate them, because kids usually cannot sing. Now, I will put my bet that in the Philippines, of course, children are built different. Because like karaoke machine wouldn't sound half bad. So, approve me correct. Comment section. Do internet. Do you think that you do? Be the internet. God bless you. Yeah, God bless you. Marry Christmas, y'all.