 This is a happy wood, look this looks like a lola. Good morning guys from Sikkihore starting the day with something that I've never seen before, Jonathan just got this. It's something like a banana cute type of things are like a toron but some unique deep fried local version. Why does it taste like hangarian dumplings? In banana at this time. Like the dumpling you're making, you're feeling it. Yeah, hangarian dumpling banana cute style. After the hangarian banana dumpling we got from her breakfast. It's dried fish, it's a log and rice and look how cute the rice is, it's hard shape and of course the mighty banana ketchup on it. They have some same just chicken and corn be. Oh yeah, I mean, it's a suuroshnara lunch. He arrived guys to the entrance of Kambuga high falls but even before seeing the falls we are already impressed with this strange fruit and never seen something like this. If any of you know in the comments what it is then please let us know. Actually it looks very similar to like passion fruit the leaves but it's like a spiky strange orange. Never ever seen this before. I wonder what this is. And now that I properly started the strange fruit. Now we can continue to why we came here. The hike going down is very slippery because it's been raining for days even today. It's raining a bit. Very steep stairs. If one of us rolls then we all roll down. Yeah, focus. Wow, so pretty, it's like a chemical fool fall art. It's not chura but it looks like a natural leaf. Oh, it's so pretty. Look at it behind me. And it's not even the main layer so down there is the biggest pool with the toilet water pool. Even this second layer is so beautiful. Look at the fall art behind me and it's even after like rainy days and it's still so clear that's so cool. This is the coolest water for guys. Behind the water pool you can actually swim through and there's not any tape. And it's the prettiest thing ever. That's high vlog. Meanwhile while we did that Karin is doing swing jump there's actually different swing jumps throughout the layers of the water. Hi. Out of people who want to participate in the vlog and the vlog immediately leave一下 ... Oh Karin, Karin is actually. Have you ever been focusingmer to do that for once? I have to do a back flip, she is doing for dancing, what is it called? Aeroho. A real foo. A real foo. The big foo period of acrobatic thing. Now the challenge is to do some acrobatic move on the swing. Okay it's the first time when I try to do this. Okay, maybe. Like this. Now it's teaching how. Oh, what is it called? Aeroho. Go, go, go, go. Okay. Nice. Everyone was impressed with the show. With Veija just this passing how much was from every viewer. Because the swing actually is 50 pesos on this swing here. And then we are already doing a business if we can ask 20 pesos from the viewer. So, pouring can perform acrobatic show. So pretty, everything. This is the kind of water for area. Like not just the main water for, but the whole area is so beautiful. It's the plants and we just climbed up on the stuff of the water. Fallen just here also. The river area is so beautiful. I mean the island covering front for island. She's taking over it right now. As much as possible. As much as possible is poverty. I can't say it's unreliable, but the most reliable, it's the Dushaman living in the middle of the jungle. Actually this is the mountain where we are on right now where the real shamans live. And this is also the mountain where they do all the rituals and the gathering of different ingredients for different portions. Yeah, that's the power of trees that they gathered through the year. Okay, it happens on this exact mountain where we are and I can actually see the vibe because it's the coolest, like mysterious jungle-y pot ever that we were riding through. It was even foggy giving it extra cool vibes. Oh, you can see it's so beautiful. Good, I just finished telling you guys the story about what we learned because now we have to focus very much. It's the slippery road ever. I don't know why there's no... I'm too young in here. Oh, the car. We can't take a pic. We fall down straight to the cave. We arrive to the cave, but it's not closed. They can't close the cave, but there's no one here. There's a platform there, it's not that big. Just don't tell them. I can go first from here. Jonathan, we have a big tour guide now, Winston. Ah, it's raining even. Oh no. This is a real adventure, guys. We drove through the foggy mysterious mountain roads almost running out of food and we hike through the slippery road ever. And now we are going into a cave where we are not supposed to be going. A bicycle or a bicycle. A bicycle or a bicycle. Oh, and then please survive. Can you show me the skirt? Eh, guys, I will point my camera at the pot instead, so I have some light. What are you doing? I'll stay in the shade. Oh, how are you doing? Careful. Give slight signs. Oh! This is the tightest cave I've ever been to, I think. Oh, you're doing it. Hello, go, hello, go, lumb. Hello, lumb. Hello, lumb. It just looks like some cave monkey. This is the way, guys. You see this? Rock. Nice door, guys. Can you tell me more about this cave? Ah, this? See that? Yeah. Wow. It's rock and mud. See that also? Uh-huh. Well, right there, the big one? Yeah, yeah. That's also a rock. What? We have the best door, guys, for today. Oh, these are beautiful. It's so beautiful. We don't go deeper. I wonder what's that? Don't go! Stop wandering. What's that? Water. There's a trail going to the water. Oh, that's the one we don't take. There's a cave, but it's already filled with water. Oh, that's why. Then, I guess we got our arms where we're right now. It's not high-capable. This cave right now because it's raining, so the pot is under water. But we are literally just at the entrance, so we are safe and we still... One of the showers has opened. Okay. And we still got our cave in God Venture, so that's a win-win. The whole place was actually really cool. The fog and the light. Hi, why are you? Buddha fighting the making. See, wait. See, wait. Yeah, see, wait. And other food is around here. I'm so proud of you. We are done with the tour sport today, and we came back to Paliton Beach, where we ate yesterday. But the restaurant where we ate yesterday is not open. They are doing a Buddha fight today, so we are thinking if we should join since Karina and Mariana could experience something very local. So, we are getting ready for the fight. We are getting ready for the fight. We are putting the food behind us. Do we need to put our food behind us? Yes, if they are taking the food that I'm adding, we are putting it behind us. We are putting the food behind us. Yeah, we can put it behind us. Okay, in the name of the... The fight has started. I'm starting with this vegan big-holic sauce. This is the small one of the chicken. And then we can put it in the bowl. It's not too spicy. What do you think of the chicken? And then we can eat it. Who is it? It's not spicy. Yes. Yes. No. No. No. It's not spicy. And look at the sunset behind us. Actually, I just realized that this is also my first proper Buddha fight. Buddha fight that I didn't make myself. I mean, we made one vegan at the time before, but I never had one like this with other people. Everything is so yummy. Tuna, quinoa, chocolate, bread, squid, a double. I'll try the quinoa based on Jonathan's recommendation. My first proper quinoa, probably. Oh, it's cool. It's like the Raufis that is cooked with the vinegar, right? I'm going to eat it. It was fun. First proper Buddha fight achieved. Cheers. This is the best one I had before. Guys, if anyone is into cocktail, then palleton beach, that little bar over there, best. And it also the cheapest. Yeah, 85 pesos for a cocktail and it's so much better than other ones we tried. Cheers again. Cheers.