 What's up everybody? Hello. Thank you for joining us, Mubuhai. Mubuhai, Kamusta. Yeah. And we have had nothing but success on our very first two reaction videos. Yeah. You guys seem to like those. Yeah. I mean, we're cool. So I got it. Oh, I don't know about that. It's probably the singers that are cool. But yeah, a lot of you put a ton of requests. Here's one of the most popular requested ones. For us at very, very popular singer here in the Philippines. Very hard to not get one that is copyright as well. But it seems that a lot of people have no problems with this one. So this is great for us. This was on Wish, one of seven point five. Yeah. They have a lot of like really good singers go on there and they have this bus. Well, I don't know if this one's the bus, but they have a bus as well where they have people like singers come on to the bus and sing while they're driving around the city. Yeah. That's totally different than the bus I used to watch. Oh, never mind. Okay. So apparently her voice is absolutely magical. You've heard some of her singing before. Yes. And I probably have two, but can't place it as one does because I'm with that kind of person who's like, I could hear a song a hundred times in a state. If you ever heard this and I'm like, no, no idea. Right. But then I hear it. I'm like, oh, yeah, yeah. I know exactly who that is. So here goes. Let's get started. I'm excited. I am as well. Yeah. Listen to this. I'm trying to hold to my brain. Wish. One of seven five. Okay. I don't. Okay. All radio stations have to do that. They want to make people to know this is all. I'm trying to hold. I'm trying to hold. Wish. One of seven five. Okay. Okay. I want to make people to know this is ours. Just by the way, guys, by the way, if you didn't know, because they have like one oh seven everywhere on the headphones on the mic stand on the video itself. Yeah. Well, I think they also want nobody to clip this and use it like without. Yeah. Put it on a CD and stuff like back in the day. Yeah. Like cut it right before or right after they say that. Right. So they do it while she's singing. That's honestly, okay. I know. I know it's about her, but that voice that says the one oh seven. Yes. That was pretty. Can you do which one of seven point five? Was that you? Did you do? Do you need me? Yeah. I did that actually. All right. All right. All right. Okay. Now let's get back into it. I thought you were going to say some butter makeup or something. I was, but then I heard him talk and I was like, whoa. Okay. Hold on. I get distracted easily. Yeah. A little, little try living with me. Try living with her. Try living with her. Yeah. I got that. Hello, kitty. Really? Really? This is serious time. He got play, play, play, play, play. Can't live for a moment. You set off a truth. Oh, he's so good. Can you hear it? I can't wait. Take my hand. We share this with you. She looks like a princess. Yeah. Yeah. She really does. Okay. Her voice obviously, she's like, she's like, no, writing it. Okay. There's about to be like a whole force of animals just like fluttering down and be like, what do you need? That's jealousy talking, just saying. Oh, yeah. Like really like good jealousy, good jealousy. Not the bad one where I'm like, I'm going to go all, uh, yeah, steal her voice or something, but you know, I do like her voice. Yeah. She has a really, really great voice, but she also has a great presence. And you can see it like how she's confident. She can smile while she sings and she just has that whole feeling that she feels the song. Yeah. It's not just about like actually like producing the sounds, but she's like, given the whole vibe, you know, exactly the atmosphere. Like being a good actor, you can become part of the part. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's one of the moments in my life. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's one of the things. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was absolutely beautiful. I think you feel it. Yeah. Yeah. But I also notice like there's nobody on the street watching this Well, there is there is you saw people are yeah, but I think I think they're in the building. They're not in a bus right now I think right now they're looking at the reflection you're talking about Oh, maybe yeah, I saw cars driving by but I didn't see any heads. Oh, fair enough Okay, you got to rewind it. Okay, here we go. We were wounded and Let's see. Yeah, I don't see anybody down there on the street right there I see these people but they look like they're in a cafe across the street and right above her hand right above their hand Oh, unless that's the reflection because it looks like he's sitting But it's lower so that doesn't make sense. It would be higher. Right. I don't know. I have no idea. I will see if any cars go Anyway, we're cool to be there. Yeah Oh For me That was so amazing. What the heck? Okay, that was really, really good. What are you doing with your life? We're drinking coffee at 4 in the morning and then without having gone to sleep yet. That was unbelievable. And then contemplating. Absolutely beautiful voice. Can hold it right through. That was enchanting. No breaking, no cracking. Yeah, and she has a little like one like one to finish, so she kind of little, um, to it. A little, um, little drama. Yeah, yeah, I don't know what that is guys. Okay, we're not music people. So I have no idea. Okay, but you know that little move at the end. That, that thing. That was really good. But yeah, there are actually people like a little crowd watching. I noticed when the camera went up a bit so you can kind of see out. There's a little crowd there gathered. I wonder, can you hear her though? Like if you're out there, can you hear her or is it, because it's only a glass panel, but is it like a really thick one? Probably. That's amazing. Because then the sounds of the street would come into the studio. Oh yeah. Yeah, they have to sound proof at both. Like, yeah, fully. Yeah, yeah. So yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I think they are more interested in watching anyway. I've seen other studios in Montreal where they do the exact same thing. Right. You can watch outside and actually in Toronto to see CDTV. And yeah, they have famous people in there and everybody had watched, but you couldn't hear anything. Right. You just want to see your favorite. Isn't there like a show like in the morning and you could put like your sign up? Yeah, like they have it. Good morning, America. Yeah, and you put your sign up to the wall and that you can see the sign during the show. Right. And it's really, I would be doing that. People checking signs. There's no way they would. How many signs are inappropriate? How many inappropriate signs are there? Yeah. Alright, we're getting way off topic here. Let's go back to this absolutely beautiful voice. By the way, this is from the showmen, which is a great movie and I believe now it's also a musical. Yeah. Yeah. I imagine her in a gown like as she's singing, I know she's in very casual clothes and she's just like sitting there, right? But like you can just picture her in like a Cinderella gown just with some smoke flying and just her belting out the lyrics. No, devs smoke. Like a couple of dogs, maybe some fire like. Shh. I'll go out. Maybe they said, hire you. If she's going all out with her voice, we can go all out with the stage. Okay. That's the rule. I'm down for it. Alright, let's keep going. Let's keep going. Oh. Oh. I can hold my breath for like three seconds underwater. It's true, by the way. Oh, yeah, that was absolutely stunning. Where is she getting that air? Does she have like an air supply that just automatically like I can keep going. I can keep singing. I can hold this note for like 20 seconds. It's fine. How does she do that? How? Incredible. And maybe this is a guy thing, but you guys can comment down below. But isn't she absolutely mesmerizing? Like you just want to stare and you can't not stare. Yeah, she's got a good presence. Yeah, amazing. Unbelievable presence. It's so angelic. Yeah, very angelic. Yeah, picture. Perfect. Wow. Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. No, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never- i did it, bro. What? Why? Radio station is that by the way? I don't know. I don't know. I can't remember. I can't remember. Well anyway, that was Absolutely incredible. What a way to finish and yeah, that's that's amazing Okay, and when she was like saying never enough. I'm like girl. I get it your voice is Millions of dollars. That's definitely yeah, don't settle don't settle That's all I was thinking yeah, and can you remember like imagine it was one to one once upon a time You could have just watching her doing karaoke somewhere And you would you would have known right away like you're gonna make it Like some people's voices you just can't know that's crazy like Like it sounds like it's in the studio, you know, it doesn't sound like she's all like live on a radio On a radio station. Yeah, and they're capturing it really well because even when her mouth turns away From the camera the microphone. It's still picked it up as if it was straight there Obviously if they bring in top people all the time do singing. Yeah, they got the best setup. They prepare And like they have probably things all around that keeps the sounds like yeah, yeah, they've got a valid really well But great equipment, but oh my gosh guys that's beautiful Like two thumbs up here 10 out of 10. Yeah, that's what I think I sound like in the shower That's what I like in my head. I'm like this is what I sound like When I know I know is this where I play with you sound like in the shower if you if you I will sue you for defamation or something if you ever play that She would she would serve me for defamation. That's amazing. I just want to live my fantasy of sounding like that I was thinking I sound like that because that is just phenomenal It takes a lot of talent a lot of work and let like in person Wish 1075 That's all what was the radio station? I'm sorry. I think that's how I got that's that's my future guys It's like it's like it's like the wish guy. I won't lie It's a little distracting because you'll see it like when it zooms into her face or head like the side because it's on the head It's on the headphones. It's on the microphone like right here and then it's also on the beam of like the microphone and on the Like on the little corner Marketing 101 I mean even this reaction video you're gonna come away knowing exactly What was the radio station? What was the name of the person who's saying? I don't know. I'll leave members 107.5 Wish more set by the way more More beautiful. Yeah, that was absolutely stunning really impressed top voice. You can tell yeah, amazing amazing Filipino singer here Yeah, it's no surprise that she's here singing Yeah, especially like musicals are like hardcore because it makes it tests. You're like range and everything a lot of musical Like numbers and so she just filled it like it was nothing she should like eight that up and left Yeah, no, and she belongs in the world stage. So wow wonderful. That was absolutely amazing Thanks for joining us by the way We do have a reaction channel. We are starting and we're waiting until we get our thousand subscribers We just have one little video on there. It's gonna be all kinds of things not just reactions Now anyway, it'll be in the first Comment below to pin if you just go over there and click subscribe You'll see we're gonna start sending these over there instead of on our travel channel very soon So all of a sudden if you want to get these reaction videos, you're not gonna find them because they'll be over there So make sure you're over there and you have subscribed We will see you all very very soon. Well, we upload videos every day. So make sure you subscribe here as well Anything else? Nope. All right Well wish one was it all right bye guys Hi It's like they could have a Filipino accent when they speak English normally But then suddenly that accent is gone when they start to get in English and you're like wait what What yeah, yeah more impressive than us by far And it's that when you know it's your heart you can trust There's a reason to walk me