 Let's get it mr. John Oh my god, you're not ugly your dog for Snapchat. I mean you're in there. I give me your phone number Damn Oh phone number two and everything anyway, so y'all hit the like on the last video hundred likes So appreciate that we're gonna do another like all of a hundred likes on this video and once that gets a hundred likes I'll drop another John video within a day Bang yeah appreciate it Filipino Ed Sheeran Hey, what's up curly hair? Hello Hello Yeah, of course you can't anyone Oh, why she do that what I just really forgot the list what they have her beauty has Got him starstruck oh my gosh your voice is like Wait, what he didn't say anything I'm like what the fuck that what Wait I What a queen Oh My god This is sleep overnight Oh my god, they're about to freak out they're about to freak out Eyes got goosebumps Oh There's another one they're multiplying Oh my god Side the most bombastic side I have all time. Oh my god side I have the year bro what the fuck You Side I go crazy Oh Bro Oh His voice is so good they've multiplied in people bro. What the fuck that was amazing. Thank you. She's like crying Hey Oh hey Fish on you didn't there isn't me up right now too Can you play a song yes of course Yeah, all right I hope you enjoy this one of course So Is of the neighbors Copyright Literally sounds oh my god Oh What is this though what is this little thing right or anyone know what this is yeah He's got like a guitar clip. Oh, sorry sorry for pausing Hey They rocking with it That was amazing they rocking with it I was like I think you just gonna play a song that you started singing I was like Exactly Zhang got that sleeper build Give me some things that you know all right. Let's try this one They're singing together do it hold up Oh hold on Wait whoa but oh the copy right is killing the video I see that guitar. I wanted to see the duet Oh my fucking god The end The You should be a professional singer full time Bucks I want to see you on the wall that was pretty that was really good Why the room oh my god you're not ugly Hey, yeah, she said it after he sang not saying mr. Jonas ugly, but you're it bro The voice gives you at least plus six attribute boost in your attractiveness. I promise Wow He's lying Your phone number Damn best friend friends on over here. He's like now. He's not having it damn sitting right next door to Sorry, buddy. You got the friends on the I'm never gonna see you again in your Yo, how about type yours? You said you didn't have social media I can create no Make one now Damn Damn media as bitches remember us when your fame is okay. I will You're the same here I'll promote your brand about your concerts. I don't Guys you're not gonna You're not are you creating your TikTok I Bro break up with the boy that I started dating 10 minutes ago and I already should What Yeah Oh, if I read the lips correctly because they he censored what she said, but if I understood that That is just a stirring bro. She looks a nine years old Damn bro What do you say you guys I'm recording you right now for my Oh Do Can you play something friends Play something change the topic please as soon as possible Oh Yeah Glory Mama Sneaky record sneak you what she said put it down put it down now And she's recording she trying to sneak a recording She got down here like he's sneaky with the fuck Sneaky recording incoming sneaky Oh Gotta be sneaky about it fucking nine year olds May just kills any song I want to see him rap Thank you. Thank you. What if he starts rapping something like I was so good. He's so good. Where are we so good You she raped don't think I can see that you're my don't think I didn't see that though She's sucking it into thinking she's sneaky I guess the song You Oh She's Yeah Yo Yeah, let's go Do you have an Instagram? I'm sorry. Please tell me you post this stuff. You're amazing. I have Instagram, but you too Actually, can I show something? Yes, yes, you always got to shout the YouTube YouTube is superior to all platforms of internet ever Yes Three new subscribers from that Thank you. All right, so this is yes, I wish we were that talented you're amazing. Yes, that was so awesome Where you have Instagram because my YouTube from can follow you Yeah Oh They are hype oh my god. She's quick fire and that shit off. She knows every Instagram ever Chesh oh my god The philippino ad Sharon just picked up a million baddies in one video Oh bra exquisite