 Anyo sa yung nabang natas. Lwag kaong ba kong mga inchina. Oh! So guys, you're seeing a familiar face. Ano, it's been so long. I have been featured here in my vlog because we have been busy and she's busy also. She has new work, because she's doing a lot of work. She's already been training her to much. Shuh. So today she'll took me, guys. She'll leave it. Yeah. So guys, remember our last vlog together. It was about, do we want to date a Filipino guy. So we had a very fun discussion. A lot of you enjoyed our view. Like, it was really high. I didn't expect that. So today, guys, we came back with the second one. It's like round two. Because it's my update. Hahaha. It's so bad. My jaw was like, guys, nabi nga. Okay, you're finally here. And this guy, I love this guy also. He's always a good guy. So I think there will be a lot of differences in the perspective, right? Because now you really know how it feels to be in the Filipino guy. And guys, I mean, I have a guy who I'm talking to. Oh, I can see that. Every day I always talk to... I mean, I talked to a lot of guys. So that you know, the real one. Yeah, date a lot. Anyways, yeah, we have different perspectives now. Because we are experiencing it. You know what I mean? If you experience something, you know it better. Yeah. So today, let's do a simple Q&A. Similar question with the last one. But I'm sure answers are kind of different. Yeah. Are you ready? Yeah, ready. Nervous. Guys, before we start, I just want to say, I disappointed to Anna. Why? Now that she has a boyfriend, she doesn't fight for me. Hahaha. Wait, that's normal. Hahaha. Anyway, yeah. So what is the biggest difference among Korean guys and Filipino guys? Now that you are dating a Filipino guy. And you tried dating Korean guys today. So what's the biggest difference? Okay. First of all, I think having the family bond together with the Filipino boys. Yeah. Because as I have mentioned before in the video, in Korea, unless you guys are really serious about it. Yeah, like Mary. Yeah. You will not really get to meet the partners there. But here, it's so common. So like, when we go to a trip, this time we went to Buhol with my family and him. And also I went to like, Palestine with his family. So like, this is very common. And I- I'm not already wow, okay. I'm sorry. And then when there's like parties, birthday parties, or like, New Year and Christmas, like, I'm always there. I'm invited and like, no hesitation. So I love it. Yeah. Oh yeah. I did not think of that actually. That's really different. But I'm really really welcoming us one of their family members. Because in Korea, it's really weird to, you know, unless like a long-term relationship. I truly- I had a two-year relationship guy and a one-year relationship guy in Korea. Very long-term. And like, I was also thinking about marriage with them before I came to Philippines. But even though I had like two and a half-year relationship with that guy, I've never met his family. Like, never. Oh yeah. But I think that's very common. I also know some Korean couples that they dated for five or seven years, but they never met their parents yet. So yeah, that's really- Something rare in Korea to bond with the family. Like, the whole family doesn't have that. Even some things causing, like, auntie, vita, ito. Yeah, it's really rare. And actually, that's really normal in Korea. So like, we won't be like, boy, it doesn't love me by. Yeah, it's fine. Why is it like it's a small thing? No, we don't think that way at all. So another one. This one. This is also a very culture shock for me. Because in Korea, once, I don't know if it's only this family or like, it's really normal. But in Korea, when you're being the parent, of course, you need to be conservative. You're in here clearly. That I agree. So you need to wear like something- That's a lot of things. Long dress, long pants. Yeah, that's what you're asking for. Not to stick makeup. But here, with Tita and, you know, the family with my boyfriend, we're just wearing like- Slipple! I used to like this. I like Tino. Mine at all. Yeah, I think mine at all. That's really good, I think. Some Philippines might think, you guys are so conservative, but compared to Korea, really it's not. For me, this country is so free. Okay, that's interesting. I love that. I hope someday I can also experience that. Because, yeah. Um, okay. It's like your boyfriend. Yeah. Shut up! Shut up, we're talking here. Okay, the second question is, how's our experience on dating? Is there any language barrier, culture, differences? A lot. Because they like me and my boyfriend. We're both fluent in English. Like, we don't have any, um, like, hard time. Like, hard time is speaking English, but there are some words or terms in Korean language that we cannot explain in English. Yeah, and we really want them to know how it means. And in what situations we use this word, we still have hard time understanding it. So, like, for example, let's say, let's say, uh-oh, killing. Yeah. In Korea, we call it so little. But in English, if you really want to translate it, there's only one term, which is butterfly. But, like, you know, killing and getting a butterfly is kind of different, you know. It's not the killing that you want to make. So, what are you talking about? So, whenever we're in my boyfriend example, we fight. We just give up. Like, I agree. I'm just like, well, let's just stop talking about it. Because I don't want to get mad, true. Yeah, I say, well, let's just stop. Good enough. Because they're like, even though we want to explain ourselves, well, I, they cannot understand the situation or the term that I got. So, like, even my boyfriend, like, he told his friends, he's a pinoy friend and he's family. Like, you're gonna ask, boy, if you guys fight, and not, how do you guys acknowledge? How do you game? Okay, get on. Of course, we also fight sometimes with the small things. But we don't go to the point that super, super, super angry, you know. Because they're like, we just give up on how we try to explain the things. And he'll gonna tell them, like, you know what? If Anna could actually be 100% pure pinoy, she'll be like, Oh, he's lucky. I cannot do that. Okay, so, my limitation time. Yeah. That's actually a benefit for... For winner? For me, but for you, it's like, ah, half-top it. Yeah. That's also a half-top it. Yeah, I, I don't have to explain this feeling that half-top it. Like, sometimes I really want to say, you know, our communication is half-top it. But I switch to meaning, it's stuffy. But the stuffy is the feeling of not feeling like, you cannot breathe. Yeah. But it's different. It's like, ah, with that top it. Now I'm that top it. Yeah. Because, yeah. It's like, I agree. English. Okay, so now, let's talk about the cultural differences. Like, how's your experience on this? Um, a true or a different? Actually, because there's no much of cultural differences. Because it's like, you know, we grew up in different areas. We know the culture of the lip-ins already. But maybe if a new, fresh, Korean will be dating. Ah, it's a lot of different. Yeah. But that means cultural differences. It's a lot of different. So in Korea, so gifts are very important if you look at them. And it's very common. Common. Yeah. So if your friend is sick and hospitalized, they're gonna give you a gift set. Yeah. Like fruits. For example, if it's new year, my boyfriend will miss his family. You know, sometimes my parents kind of feel like, you know, kind of... Ah, okay, this guy's not prepared. Oh, but it feels like it's normal. Yeah. I'm not obligated. Okay, guys, you might think this is something materialistic or something but it's not. Because in Korea, every time you visit the parents, you get something. Even after marriage, even after you're so comfortable with the parents. Even to our own parents, how we bring gifts. I don't know. It's a thing in Korea, also, right? It's small. Yeah, yeah, it's not quite small, you know. But here, it's really not common. Yeah. You know the five languages, the love language. Gaving gifts is one of the love language, right? Yeah. So I think that's one of the most important love language in Korea. Yeah. But my name is quality time, man. I'm so quality time. Quality time, man. Yeah. So we don't really expect, because we're from the Philippines. Yeah. I think we are girls. We're the girls from Korea. They are from the Philippines. We would be, I think, sad. If our guys don't prepare anything for us or our parents. And guys, don't miss Mendes. It's a mutual thing. We also give to the parents. Of course. So me for sure if I visit my JoA's parent, I'm gonna bring something nice. Yeah. Of course, I don't want to go with the empty hand. Yeah. So I think that's the difference. It's a meaning of being respect to the parent. Yeah. That we really value the time that you gave us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because they hear about our during Christmas season or birthday, they give, they give it to you. They give it to you. They give it to you. But in Korea, like occasionally, you know, like just visiting houses. They will prepare something at least. So it's a tip for you guys. Yeah. They can go to Korea in the future or now. If you're visiting his family for the first time or at this second time. Buy at least fruits or like maybe for mothers flowers. For flowers or chocolate, at least gum. Let's just show them respect. Okay, we're already in our last question. Oh, so far. And we talk so much. I think they're tired. We're so much tired. No. And you know, I love the compliments we got. They said we're so like jolly down. You know, because we really fight together against you. Yeah. So we have a lot of things to talk about. And like Ana is the only person who I can really connect when it comes to topic in the Philippines. Because she also grew up here. So yeah, third question guys. This is our last question. Before we ask each other, do you see a future with a Filipino? Yeah. Now let's change the topic into do you? Do you think you can marry a Filipino? Yeah, of course. Like, you know what I mean? Like real legit. Like not just... You know, I think like a marry him. No, not like that. Now that we're hanging out of experience, and you're dating a Filipino guy, do you see a future with them? Me. With them? With him? Sorry, I'm for action with him. That was a good boyfriend. Me, yes. Still, yes. Because I think it's really, it's just as Yatae. Because we lived here. So like it's not even awkward if we bring a Filipino man to our house, and introducing them to our friends. This is my boyfriend. Like they won't even get awkward with it. And also, I love the culture of Filipino family. For me, I also see a future with a Filipino guy. But sometimes I worry. Since this is a serious topic, sometimes I worry. Yeah. Do you know that you're going to marry a Filipino? Yeah, like for a Filipino kid, sometimes you get bullied in Korea because their skin tone is different. Sometimes I worry about that. Because of course we have to be thinking deep about our future. Because we're going to eventually have kids also, right? But for me, if I will have a kid, I want to stay in the Philippines. So that they can also learn English. But also, I don't know. I never thought about it. Yeah, you should consider that also. Even the wife and husband is successful. If we're a foreigner, you're marrying someone. They would think, oh, the mom married this guy for money. I don't know if that always carries around. But that's so stressful for girls, no? For women. For women. Anyways, that's also my worry. But despite all those worries, it's God who will decide for us. So I'm okay if he gives me a decent Filipino guy. But of course, he has to fit in my standards also. And my parents' standards. My dad always makes jokes. Of course, you can date any guy like Chinese, whatever, Filipino, but make sure that they're financially stable. Which is very true to you. That's very important. So another one is about visa problem. So, you know, example we want to go travel. Ask a Korean passport is very strong. So we can go like 102 countries. With no visa. Guys, let's admit. Do not say like, you're not looking down to the Philippines. No, stop saying the Philippines is very real. But yeah, because I want to mention this, because you know, this is also one of the problems. When we marry a Filipino guy, yeah. And also, example, I want to visit Korea often. But like, you should get older visa for a long time. For your husband, that's so stressful. Just for traveling, at least one week travel. Still we need a visa. And like, we need to wait for two to three months, at least. Yeah. If my child chooses Korea to descend, he requires me to sign the Philippines. If my child chooses to be living on, so this is actually a requirement that Korea is true. I mean, also about guys, if it's song, military issues. That's right. If it's just Korea, he has to serve the military. But if it's just Philippines, no military, but you need to get visa all the time on each travels. So that's a very, you know. Oh my gosh. Now that we're talking about, we're realizing there's so many things to consider in our future when we need a Filipino guy. Yeah. Even this thing goes for Korean guys who's made the Filipino girls. Oh, you're just very interested in them. So now, can I ask you again this question? Can you marry a Filipino man? I'm feeling quinti. Now, like, you know, now that we're having this serious discussions, like, I realize it's really hard to learn. There's so many things to consider. But if you love someone so bad, I don't think that matters. Yeah. So, it's a very good future. Anyways, guys, yeah. So we really had fun talking about this today. Because I think it's a rare topic to talk about, especially for Korean girls. So are you happy with your love life right now? I am very happy. I'm very satisfied. And like, in order to be honest, those consideration things when you're into relationship, like, it's not a big deal anymore. Because like, we're gonna talk about it. Like, how are we gonna fix this? How can we do this so that it can be smoothly done? So it's not gonna be a big deal at all. But I'm really happy for Anna, guys. Because remember, her perspective on the Filipino guys before, we're kind of like a pop voice. Yeah, the pop voice. Because she experienced it. But now maybe she really met her man, not a boy. Yeah. Congratulations. And maybe, uh, next lock for me. I mean, God bless you. Yeah, next lock for me. You're gonna be so nice, man. So guys, if you want another discussion, so just leave a comment down below. Yeah, we would really, we would love to talk about other topics. That's interesting. Like, you can also ask us about school life and everything, whatever. That's gonna be fun. Yeah. So like in Philippines, how was it? Yeah, and you went to Korea University. I went to Las Vegas. So we might have a lot of differences too. So let's say goodbye here, guys. See you in my next video. And don't forget to like and subscribe. Bye! Bye! Bye!