 So we finally arrived in Bahaw. Which is actually my hometown. As always, it feels good to be back. It really is the perfect place for a bit of rest and relaxation. So now we're on our way to not only one of the best beaches in Bahaw, but also the Philippines. Where's that rain coming from? There's like no clouds in the sky. Raining and there's no clouds. It's just got up here. Oh my god, it's raining. It's raining and we're on top of the Jeep. We just got up here. Hopefully it's not raining too hard. But anyway, we're on our way now to Panglao. And on top of a Jeep, we decided to get a Jeep in Panglao anyway. Because it's a little bit cheaper and it's easier. It's only 20 pesos. Do you believe in that? I don't know. It's only 20 pesos down. So we're on our way now. This is fun, I must say. I feel like a kid again. Ha. That's what I'm trying to do. What's up, man? King God. Johnny. Johnny. Power cables. I hit by a power cable. The last time I did this was in the wave of a sky. I feel like a kid again. Who needs air conditioning? You can be on top of a Jeep name. Travel out on a local's travel, right? It's more fun in the Philippines. Peace. We're finally in Panglao. Bring up one. How do you feel, amigo? Or Shirley? It's good. That was a nice adventure on top of the Jeep name. Always love that sort of stuff. Real seat care. Me. Change completely. All the buildings start. We'll take a few days. Yeah, we'll take a few days. Yeah, we'll take a few days. All right. Thank you. It's funny because every time I speak, because I have everybody's surprise. They're so, they're so, they're so shocked. Because they're so, they're so shocked. Because they're so, they're so shocked. How do you feel, my friend? How do you feel? How do you feel? My, my. My. I feel like a kid. I feel like a kid. Hey, how are you? Yeah. I'll be sure. How are you? Anyway, yeah. How do you feel, Shirley? I'm good. I'm starving. So I've just had to talk about the tuck-ins. It's a local food. It's kind of Indian style. It's a lot of it. Yeah. All right. So long, thank you. It's a little bit. Where's the burp best part of the beach? It's over there to the left, isn't it? I don't know. Now answer the eye. Hey, you, let's go with us on our adventure. So which of will you feel? One makes a strong one, makes you weak. And also know when those who seek. Amidst the chaos, find your peace. I know it's your old fire of feet. I know it's your old fire of feet. OK, we're at beautiful Panglao. We've been here for several hours already. We're getting darker by the minute. It was raining at one point, and now it's back to being sunny. So makes your color look really golden brown. All right, in my case, white and red. That's what you see me here with this t-shirt of my shoulders. It might look a bit weird, but if you don't take the right safety precautions to protect your skin, then you should cover up. I don't have a sunblock, which is why I'm covering my delicate white skin. So we have Daniel over here. He's meeting the local tourists. You know what? My local tourists, I mean, just... And that is one of the cool things about places like this. You see people from all corners of the world. So maybe she's not camera shy. We can go and ask the way she's from. Yeah. Let's see. Let's see. Hey, Daniel. Hey, Daniel. This is Jessica. Hi, Jessica. Hi, Jessica. Hi. This is from China. Oh, yeah. She taught me Chinese words, and I was... OK, give us... Ni Hao. Ni Hao. Ni Hao. My name is Daniel. What does that mean to you, Justin? What does that mean to you, Carl Daniel? Don't just make any noise. It's good Chinese. It's good. Oh, that was good. And then, I'm good. Out of 10, how many? Sisu. Five out of 10. Sisu. Thank you. Sisu. Yeah. Daniel, that just said Sisu, which is a completely different thing. The first time I came here was around five years ago. And ever since then, I've loved it. It is one of my favorite beaches. You've got five years ago, right? There was not that many foreigners here. That's true. Naturally, with a beach that is as nice as this, and has lots of results popping up every year. You see more results. And it becomes a little bit more commercial. You see more tourists as well, which can be a good thing and a bad thing. It's just a good thing. That was a bad thing. Last time I remember this, I came here 10 years ago. And when I went swimming, there was none of these boats here. I went swimming there. And I saw a tiger spotted stingray. Just off the reef there. Five years ago, when I was here, there was literally none of this over here. This one's here. This is all overgrown, all palm trees. And it was a lot smaller. So it's really interesting to see the change. So let's go into the water. Let's go down. I think they're doing team building. I really want to join. It's really hard because you have six people here. And they have to be synchronized. There's that port, that and right. But it's just funny seeing them make mistakes. I think we should have entered. And even though the six of them is only four of us, I still think we could have won Team JD all the way. JD? Oh shit. JD. Let me see. The only problem is, in a game like this, you need to be left foot, the right foot. You need to be able to only have two left feet. That is a problem. You know, it's really funny because people where I grew up in my country, they really just they're pretty much wish for the tropical lions. You know, the palm trees, the fruit cocktails, the umbrella, by the beach. And I'm so lucky to have friends and also live near the beach to have a house, it's quite near the beach in Seibu. And it's moments like this, especially because we're living in vanilla that we really get to appreciate where we are and where we're at in life. So yes, it's really fun being here. And experiencing this again. Like, I tell you one thing, yeah. There's nothing better than being in a water that reminds you of that during just sheer paradise. You know, it's quite incredible. The water's so refreshing, the sun's out. All the people are churning and there's a laid back five on the beach, it's amazing, you know. It's really laid back feeling here. So I'm quite happy, I'm quite happy to be here. You meet a lot of different cultures. We met this Chinese girl called Jessica. She was really friendly to us. Here she is there, hey. So basically, you meet up with so many different cultures and different people and you know, you get to experience a different vibe. So this is why I love the beach and I love Pangang. I love this part of Bahaog. It's really a really awesome place. Oh, great. Great spirit. This spirit I've had it bring me back to the nomadic way of leaving through the damage. Fine and fall, same mind fall. Great spirit for my sisters. Let me be a flowing river, plug the banks. The rocks that bind their carry, our carry. Great spirit. Great spirit. Oh, I'll pray. Great spirit. Each time we go to Lona, there's always something different. Last time we went there at night, had lots of fun. The time we went there and spent the whole day there. Also lots of fun. A bit draining because of the sun. Sun just drains all your energy. But just keep hydrated and you will. Are we going there tonight? Yeah, why not? Experience the nightlife of Lona, I get. So, luckily we managed to find some friendly people who... Oh, I'm on the brakes, sorry. Luckily we found some friendly people who are giving us a lift into town. It's amazing, I think. And Charlie's driving. Yeah, yeah. Luckily, we meet a lot of very, very, very friendly people here in Bahaog. And we're very lucky to meet these friendly people. We're going to free you right back to town. I don't know how lucky we are to have Charlie as a driver. That's what I'm thinking. I'm going to love to see him. How about you, Mika? How do you feel? I'm fine. We're coincidence. That's what I'm thinking. It's nice to take the guy over here now and then, you know, you don't have to worry about where you're going to end up. Just follow the road. So, that was our experience in Lona Beach in Panglao. It was quite fun and it was great to chill out after a hectic week in Seaboo. My last bit of advice would be, if you want to come here now before it gets too commercial in the future. It's a really cool place. So, guys, that was our little tour of Panglao. Until next time, thanks for watching.