 Kumusta Kaya, Akusin Maxi, welcome to our channel. While I got an amazing suggestion today by GGC, can you react to Foreigner, react to Filipino University? It's a series, I think, by Flank Hill. You visited some of the most prominent universities in the Philippines. And this one right there, I think it is the largest university. And maybe the oldest in Asia, they have 60,000 people there. It looked amazing. And I was like, oh my god, we're going to react to it because the first time that I came to Thailand, the thing that showed me the most, one of the thing was the university. Everyone was the same. And at first I was like, is it a hospital? I was telling you, would you like it? It looked like a hospital because in Canada, the university doesn't look like they were in Thailand. So I'm wondering what does all this in the university that people are going to look like. More like what we have in Canada, but they have in Thailand. So I'm really, really curious. So we're going to react. It's also our first time reacting to that channel. So yeah, and go see our Instagram, Mac on their scorsese G, and consider some scuba. More chance, we're going to do your suggestion if you subscribe. Am I speaking fast? Yes, right? Not really. OK, let's get started. OK. Who must start? Who must start? It's flying kale back in Manila. So happy. Wow. It's so familiar here. It's like being home. And today guys, I'm going to do something really cool, something that was actually suggested by one of you guys. Whoa. And that is to visit a Filipino uniform. Manila looked like Bangkok with a big leg that's buried wherever. Sandu, Thomas. Sandu, Thomas. What is the oldest university in the A.S.? Oh. It's established in 1611. Wow. It's older than Harvard University. I think it might actually be older than my grandma. This how older it is guys. Of course. I'm really, really excited guys about going there. I'm going to explore the campus. Right now I am waiting for my grad. Yes, guys. I downloaded grad. You guys all suggested. Count, download grad. Get grad. It's so much better. Wait. I thought that grad was banned in the Philippines for a while. I heard that. Yeah. Maybe a dream. I'm excited. All right, people. I found my grad. It's a beautiful red car. Wow, the street would really clean, huh? Quite clean. Oh. Those are all right. OK. I want to go over. Oh, on the left. Here's the. Yes. Right on the left? Yeah. Sandu, Thomas. Right? We're nice and comfortable. That's a difference. I didn't need right on the right. There's truly it's going to be here, guys. You are right. You are right. Grad is a great app. Very convenient. Very busy app. An electric. Always. Am I right, guys? Mineral traffic. One thing you told us, Manila traffic is crazy. Yeah. Is the oldest university in Asia? Right. OK. It's a. It's a. It's a Spanish style. Yeah. I, I, the beginning of the Spanish conversation, right? I didn't know that the oldest university in Asia was in the Philippines. It's like an artist. Oh, yeah. Can you see it there? There's a soccer field. Oh, wow. Oh, yeah. It's a basketball. Even a church in the hospital, can say. Yeah. It's a campus. That sounds incredible. It sounds so big. It sounds bigger than the university's high-wentu. You can be amazed by the buildings. It's a very old architecture. Very old. Oh, yeah. A whole architecture. It's a very good university. Yeah. It's a very good. It's a very good university. Yeah. It's a very good university. Yeah. It's a very good university. Yeah. Very good. Oh. I was going to think. My taxi driver's parents actually went to the university of Santo Domas. Yeah. Oh, long time ago, right? Oh, yeah. It's time, using the broadband. Oh, it's first part. It's a good experience already. Oh, it's a very good experience already. Oh, it's a very good experience already. I saw it. Oh, it's a very good experience. It's awesome. I didn't even know it's a very good experience. Areas of locators. Sombalo. Sombalo. It's a Paranag... Doranpei Sombalo. Oh, okay. Okay, guys. I think it will also be my first time going to Sombalo. Another first. Unfortunately. Is this university built? It's university built here. Oh, okay. University built. There's lots of university in this room. Yeah. Okay. We're heading on to the university built. It looks so clean. It's a very long ride. But I think it's a very long ride. Yeah. You see, Nairich section, because I keep reading about Manila, the Mettro Manila section, like a lot of people, very crowded, and like a lot of pollution, everything. And it looked less crowded than Bangkok from there. Maybe using the particular section that is a little bit more rich, so less pollution, because it looked much cleaner than what anticipated Manila to be. Which really depends on where he is in Manila. Is he in Mettro Manila or is outside? Is he in Makati, which is like a place for an hour or so ago? I'm not sure. I'm quite shocked that it's that clean, actually. I don't know what I expected. You can see the campus. That's how close we are. Okay, guys. We're driving right next to the campus already. The University of Sando-Dola is right there. I can peek into the campus already. It's looking very, very nice. It's a lot of green, a lot of grass, a lot of trees, and some really old architecture. But I can only see a tiny bit, so I'm really excited now about getting in there and exploring this place. It looks like a museum. Hmm. Oh, it looks so green. Sentouta Man. We've made it people. University of Sando-Domas. It's very nice. A lot of very old, very beautiful architecture. Check this out. Wow. That is gorgeous people. I'm just feeling more cultural already, just walking around here. It's true. It took like some kind of art. Look at this. Beautiful little tree right here. Yeah, it's hard to know that the university right in the picture. Yeah, it's like in the West Hampton, too. The way that I put the tree on the left hand. Yeah, a little bit. And I think there's a lot of sports games going on there at this time. It took like some kind of part. Oh. An initiation or something for the... That looks mad ass people. If anybody knows what that is, please do let me know. It looks like some type of martial arts. Is that Filipino martial arts? Yeah, this guy. They have a gigantic sports field. This is crazy. They're playing like two different games. Three different games at the same time. Wow. Okay, it's much more similar to a Canadian campus than it is to a Thai campus. In my opinion, at least I can recognize the vibe of the student kind of vibe. I don't know. Do you think it looks similar to a Thai campus or...? Well, since he's working, I have not seen the uniform yet. So I'm not sure that they do they have a uniform for a student. I don't know. They're playing soccer here. They're playing soccer there. And I think they're playing like... I think they have a uniform though. White and black. I have studied at university as well. I've studied at the Rosmos University in Rotterdam. I'm taking university in Beijing and the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. And this looks really nice. Compared to the Dutch universities, this is big guys. This kind of compares to the University of Pennsylvania. A lot of really old architecture. We have very big universities in Canada too, by the way. Very, very nice. Huge. I think we are on the square, the center of the university. Check this out. This is a very, very impressive building right here. Wow, my goodness. That looks like a European country. Yeah, I love the European centers. Where he's walking on. And the building. Yeah. There are a lot of people who have found a 1611. That doesn't look like a school when you think about it. This is the first university of Spain. This is the first university of Spain in the world. Actually, I did not know that in the Philippines. But in the Philippines, the University of Spain, yes. Wow, another really cool back place. Wow. It looks like a museum. I know too. There's a security guard. I have never seen a security guard in Canada University. Like a security guard at the entrance. I have never seen that. Well, we have it though. Yeah, you have to die now. I have never seen that. It doesn't look like a school from the outside. Yeah, but I did love the building. Yeah. Well, they are very ancient. Yeah. Oh, in turn more. Oh, it's been in the lot of Spain. The UST Tiger. Probably the mascot of the university. Is that the school mascot people? I don't know. It's given the European vibe, right? With the street official, the texture. Yeah, look at that. Yeah. That's the foot in this campus. You'll later, what do you mean? It's a nose-moking campus. Oh, nose-moking. People here are very responsible. Pinkcake Ow, subway. Choking? You will not believe this. The UST has its own fast food. What I've never seen before. My university is in Europe or US or China did not have their own fast food guide. This is very, very cool. It has chalking, subway and pancake house. Holy moly. They even have KFC. Oh, they have KFC. And Maconcus. The others do I like that on their campus in Thailand? Yes. It's kind of, but I've got a building it far from me. Shorter is like, you know, this building, this university is like, it's not in Asia at all. It's like, you stay here in Asia and then you go to that university. It feels like it's in an Ottawa. You already flew to Europe. You can't wear more like, canteen, with the called canteen inside. But we have Maconcus subway, but it's not. It's like you go to the university and you cross a street or something and you're going to find restaurant. Because in Canada, where I'm from, the university are like, almost because we have so many different buildings at different locations in the town. You can have like 25 different buildings, all at different locations. And maybe the university is going to be like a 10-kinometer long. But there's going to be many different sections depending if you're in medicine or psychology or something. So you go in this street but you're going to find normal people living there to reach your next building. So it's not exactly in this same place. It's a little bit like that, which seem to be quite big and like... It's like... No, no, no, everything like this. The KFC McDonald's were on campus here. I've never seen that guys. That is so cool. None of the universities I've gone to in Europe, China or the US have had McDonald's on campus. That is so good. And if you faint from all the fast food you've eaten, we've got you covered. Because the USC has its own hospital. This campus is literally gigantic guys. Wow. Oh my god, the buildings. So right there you have fast food, you have McDonald's. And then here you have these 17th century beautiful architectural buildings. I'm loving the contrast. It's just such a perfect blend. You know, it's so huge. No, I'm going to take a picture every day. With the old one. Wow, this is a very, very nice little mini park here. I'm not sure what these things are. Oh, it's a monument. Monument? We want to show some pictures. Yeah? Some person? And another really nice and old building guys. Beautiful. I think that's the medical faculty. Very nice building. Very old. See, that's what I just said. Outwork in Canada, you have different faculty in different parts of the town. And then you're going to find a restaurant in between. So in Canada, we don't see that this part in the city of the campus. Because you're going to have people living there, like apartment where a student is going to live on the campus. But they're going to live between two sections of the campus. And a lot of people are going to live there. So I'm not sure if it's really part of the campus, if we can say that. Well, actually, for me, it's kind of paused actually because they already have a fence around. You know, maybe we also have like, if you go out, we're going to be a lot of restaurants. We don't, because in Canada, it's such a safe country. We don't have any fence or security or stuff like that on the campus. We have a fence and every gate. Like in my university, we have like four gates or something. Yeah. Five and every, every gate, you're going to need to have the police and the really strong security. Because my university kind of close to the jail. Oh, the jail? Yeah, sometimes they just like, it's cave, something like that. Okay. A lot of medicine students chilling there, eating something, studying for the next big exam coming out. They're doing good work people. Well, 60,000 people is a city. In terms of size, this university compares more to the American and Chinese university. And Canadian also, yeah. European universities are really a lot smaller than that. Well, European is so small or up is too small. In terms of culture, it kind of compares to the old American universities, you know. Like the Ivy Leagues. Beautiful little statue. Or I should say a beautiful big statue because it's huge. All right, well, that is the commerce building. Looks a little bit more modern, which makes sense because I study commerce myself. And for some reason, they always put commerce in the modern buildings. Not only that, they don't just put more commerce in the modern building, but they are the one with all the money, all the electronic and everything. And in the meantime, I think we have the bus store, the broke equipment. Yeah. People in commerce and finance, because they're going to make, I don't know, because they are finance by private sector. They have a lot of money, a lot of equipment. So I totally understand what he's talking about. Very good, the nice old cultural, historic buildings. Wow. This is amazing. What you're thinking about when you got in trying to that university, is it considered public university? I don't know, but in Canada, we don't have private university. Everything is public. Oh, really? Yeah, we don't have private university. I mean, you still need to have good grade to go, but it's not like, we don't have private university. We have private high school, but we don't have private university. Anyone can go, you don't need to wear anything in particular. Because in Canada, we need to go to private school. In high school, you need to wear everything where the same thing. But in university, everything is off. Yeah, I mean, if you, you know, you pass the exam, then you can, like, entry to this university and then think about when you're standing in front of that building. You're going to be so proud for yourself, you know, for me. Yeah, of course. Yeah. The UST has its very own church, which makes sense considering it is a Catholic university. I read online. The church is also in a very old, very nice building. Oh, what a little girl. They even have a tentative garden. None of the universities that I have attended people have had a tentative garden that is happening. Yeah, they have a lot of nature. I think it's one of the most important things to me. A lot of trees. Yeah. It is so quiet, it's so peaceful. This is a place where you can have a little walk, you know. It's a city. It's basically a city. Down those nerves people. I know what it's like. Believe me. I've done too many exams in my lifetime. You're going to get through it, right? You're going to get through my guy's bathroom. Christ. The UST has its own... Oh, they have an ice cube. What is going on here? They have some kind of DS-style or something. Oh. That's really unique though. I've never seen an ice cube with a university in the same campus. Oh, cool. You're going to have a show. Yeah. Oh, nice. Oh, nice. Are you guys from the ice cube? I'm a senior. I see your face. I see our food products. I just don't know the organizer. Our pouches are just asked to get this. And this is $2,000. And this one is $8,000. Oh, nice. Thank you. All right guys. These kids are doing some action. Those little market is really what's separate. The West where I come from to Asia. Because this is not part of the culture. We have all of those little stand like that. We don't have a lot of street food where I'm from. Little market like that outside. Everything is mostly inside or we just don't have it. And it's different. It's going to be in a store or something like that. Yeah, this is where I live from. Our Asian country. Yeah, this is where I live too. You see these to find what you want? Yeah. Because of that. There are some different kinds of good people. Like there's something some tape-ass pouches right there. Senior high school students, guys. Already being entrepreneurial. Trying to start their own business. Now that is the entrepreneurial spirit right there. Those kids. They're going to make it big. They are going to be the businessman of tomorrow. And just like that people, I've walked. Now you walk a lot. Yeah. S.T. campus to the other overall. Like really, really nice university. It's so interesting. The first university established by the Spaniards. Is there, and the oldest university in Asia? Is there only the people that live there are from the university and the high school? Or there's also normal people that are mixed with them, you know? Do you need a university pass to be both or a tourist pass to be able to go in that place or anyone can go, you know? Yeah. Who would have thought here in Manela and the Philippines? Really, really cool. A lot of culture. A lot of history right here. Wow. That is a very nice statue. I'm not sure of whom. Maybe that was the founder of the university. All right, beautiful. This was a really, really cool exploration of a Filipino elite university. It gave me a very, very good impression. It reminds me very, very much of the universities in America. A really nice campus. Very historical. A lot of beautiful buildings. So many facilities. Man, they have a lot of these really cool gardens. I mean, that is amazing guys. So anyway, guys, I hope you enjoyed this little exploration of the University of San Toto Mas. Guys, this is the university that I went through. You can see it's also a city. If you check from here. Yeah. See from the front. That's why I'm here with the Philippines earlier. Yeah. Because of that picture here. Like it's going to be the front. But you have a lot of different... A lot of different kind of building, depending where you are in the city. And this one is in front of a cemetery. The cemetery for people that die. And the cemetery is so big. And the seat is a lot of different district like that. And it reminds me of the Philippines we just saw. Oh, maybe. We have the snow which is different. But yeah, it reminds me a little bit. Show me. Where is the picture? This one? Oh. What is the picture? This one. I mean, it's just for the ceremony place. Is it this one? It's big. But it's still very big inside. This one, it's just part of the ceremony place. See you still go inside. It's different. Oh, it's really hard to find. Well, we tried to find the university, but it was difficult. Not a lot of things. They just show up building for like the factory. So well. The factory. And it thinks it's surprising the most. Nothing surprised me because I've seen most of it in Canada actually. And we have very big in Verstincanada. As we probably know, we are only 37 million people, but the country is the second biggest in the world. So we have a lot of space for the campus, our astronomical also. Yeah. I mean, they're surprising me. The one that was surprising me was like, of course, the building. And then how old it is. It's really old. And I not even know the old university. It's a shell. It's an edge here. Well, it's the oldest in Asia. I don't think it's the oldest in the world. Yeah. That could be wrong, but it was still awesome. But the architect is seriously amazing. Oh, yeah, you can find it. You don't need to leave the campus ever. Yeah. Everything. It's a city. It doesn't be both. It's amazing. Well, I know that this channel have made more university reactions. So if you want us to react to more plays in the Philippines, we can see the differences in culture, depending on their relationship. Yeah. At least tell us in the comment below. And thank you for watching everyone. And see you next time. Bye bye. Bye bye.