 In this video we want to take you around the island of Baraka, here in the Philippines, show you some fun things to do, and also give you our honest opinions about what it's like to travel here. But before we do that, just want to quickly introduce ourselves, in case you're new to this channel. My name is Steve Yalo. I'm Pema Travel. We're currently traveling around the Philippines, but we travel full-time to all different places around the world, and we would love to invite you to subscribe to our channels. We're both full-time videographers, we like to share information about what it's like to travel, give some travel advice, some help, hello! And also some entertainment as well. We like to make keep our videos fun and live-Z and just have a good time and meet locals. That's what we love to do. We love to meet people as we travel. Hello. Are you from here? Do you want to say hi to YouTube? Anyway, now it is time to go explore. So let's go check out what there is to do here in Baraka Island. Before we share our opinions of Baraka and take you along on some adventures around the island, I want to quickly review some tips and share some information about this place. First, let's take a look at the map. Here's the Philippines. Here's Penai Island. And see this teeny tiny place up here? Yeah, that's Baraka. Before you get to Baraka, you need to first go to Cataclan. Getting from Cataclan to Baraka is super quick and easy. We were actually really impressed with how efficient this is. There are both constantly transferring people back and forth all day, and you can watch my previous vlog to see that whole process with more tips and insight and all that jazz if you're interested. And don't listen to these guys. There are definitely tricycles available. More bike. It's on the motorbike Abilabol number. You! You liar! But there are so many tricycles everywhere. So I think that's just their tactic to make you just go with them. Okay, let's take a closer look at the layout of the island. White beach is the largest beach and the most popular area on the island. The sand is the softest I think I've ever felt in the world and maybe even the tastiest. It's divided into three areas and in typical Filipino style they have really creative names. Station 1, Station 2, and Station 3. In Station 1, you'll find luxury hotels and it's usually a little less crowded on the beach. Station 2 and 3 have beachfront stores, bars and restaurants and typically a bit more people walking around. During peak season, this entire beach will get very crowded during sunset since it faces west but we learned that during the morning and daytime when the sun is nice and bright there are way fewer people here. The beach is now really beautiful but last year it faced some major controversy as the entire island was shut down for tourism after the president called it a cesspool. I will close Burakai. Burakai is a cesspool. It's destroying the environment of the Republic of the Philippines. The island was closed for rehabilitation for six months and major improvements have been made or rather are still being made. When we first arrived on the island, one of the first things we noticed was the overwhelming amount of construction taking place. This caused traffic in many areas as parts of the street were being blocked and seemingly hazardous conditions all around us. To be honest our first impressions of Burakai were not so great. Although this is mainly our fault as we felt to realize this was one of the busiest times to visit as it was Chinese New Year. It seemed like the island was filled with tourists. Almost all of the hotels and hostels were fully booked and prices seemed to be a bit higher compared to other parts of the Philippines. We were a little bummed and thought we actually made a mistake by coming here. That is until we met this wonderful local woman named Rina. So we're walking down the street and someone just recognized us. Ronda girl. Ronda girl? Yeah. She's a travel vlogger herself so you got to check it out. What's your channel? Rina Palmer Burakai. There you go. You can check it out. She's from here in Burakai. She's so awesome in Burakai. So much energy. I love it. Oh my god. She's so pretty. So we're experiencing some genuine Filipino hospitality now. She goes, hey if you want to borrow my motorbike, feel free to take it. So we were actually about to jump on the tricycle but instead of getting a tricycle now we can just take a motorbike. So nice. Thank you. Thank you. We were so much happier when Rina gave us her scooter and we got to explore more diverse parts of Burakai. All right we just made it to Mount Luhol Peak. Not quite that the peak yet. We got to walk off some stairs to get there. How much is it? 2040. 2040. One thing. Okay. All right we made it to the top here. This is the highest point here in Burakai and the view is incredible. You can see the whole island. Right over here is the high surfing beach we were just at and on the other side of that is white beach where all the tourists are in Burakai. All right we just drove to a place called Puka Beach. As you can see here on the side there's a bunch of shops and stores selling local trinkets, souvenirs, cute little babies. I'm not feeling babies but there's cute babies here. Now we're about to walk on the beach. Let's go see what it looks like. So since this beach is a little bit further removed it's on the northern tip of the island, north of Southeast. Yeah, northern tip of the island. I've been told it's a little less crowded and it definitely is less crowded than the other beaches like New Station 1, 2 and 3. So that's why we want to come here and check it out. It looks like the beach goes down a little bit so instead of walking I think we should see it from the sky. Do you have a license to play your drone surf? I have a license to fly here. I don't have a license to fly. Not allowed? Nevermind. We're not going to fly. Not allowed. Sorry! It's a tip for you. If you have a license, you can play your drone here in Burakai anywhere here in Burakai. But you need to get that one in action center. You ask there in third floor. I want to get the license for my drone and then you can get that one also, but now mom no license is not allowed. Where? I'll go to the beach. Station 1, mom. Station 1, she can't get a license to fly. You have to pay? Up license. Up license? Yeah. You have to pay for it? Yes sir. How much? I don't know if how much. Okay. Okay. That's nice that you can get a license to fly. All right. Thank you. Thank you. What's all my done? Well, there you go. So, you're not allowed to fly here. And if you want to, well, technically you are allowed to fly, but you need to get a license near station 1. So you can ask around for that. We can see you have to pay. We can see you have to pay. Yeah. Pretty much you just got to pay to fly your drone here. Or what we should have done is just walk down the beach a little bit and flew it there. Because you're not encouraged to be the one to do it. Well, usually it's best to not fly your drone when you're around a lot of people anyway. I always suggest go to a more private location. Like, there's the entrance to the beach right there. If only we would have walked maybe a few hundred feet down that way. All right, quick stop at the Puka beach. We can't fly our drone. So we didn't spend much time here. We just wanted to see what it's like. It's very nice. But like I said, the sun is going down soon. So we want to get a good spot for sunset. Let's go check it out. I forgot. All right, so we just drove instead of going to Diniweed. I think that's how you pronounce it. D-I-N-I-W-I-D. I think that's it. That's actually just over there on the other side of this cliff, which we can walk around. This, where we are right now, is Station One. And as I explained earlier, the main part of White Beach, which is the main beach here in Burakaya for all the tourists, is divided into three stations. And now we are all the way at the most northern part of White Beach, Station One. So we've been told that right around this corner is much fewer people. So that's where we're going to go for sunset. But what we say, we still have about an hour until the sun sets. So maybe we'll walk down here a little bit, explore White Beach. And when the sun is getting a little lower, then we'll walk on the other side of that rock. And see if it's a little bit more private over there. All right, guys, I think now is the perfect time to fly. Don't tell anyone. But here we go. Let's fly. So we ended up not going to the beach around the corner over there. We just ended up hanging out here flying the drone, taking some photos. And the sunset is just epic. It is beautiful. I think Burakaya has some of the best sunsets in the world. It's really nice. That night, we ended up meeting up with Rita and her husband at a bar on the beach in Station Two. Burakaya used to be known for the loud music in late night parties on the beach. But a lot has changed since the island shut down for rehabilitation. Many bars and nightclubs on the beach are required to close much earlier now. But I've noticed a few bars staying open later than the rest. But their music and parties are happening in a contained environment indoors, not directly open air like most of the other bars that are required to close at midnight. The next day, Rina invited us to stay with her and her husband in their beautiful home in the middle of the island. Rina's husband was on the supermarket on the main road in Station Two called Crafts of Burakaya. If you visit this island, I highly recommend you do your shopping here. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. By the way, Rina's husband owned a supermarket on the main road in Station Two called Crafts of Burakaya. If you visit this island, I highly recommend you do your shopping here. They have everything you need and more. Keep an eye out for their coconut oil products. From insect repellent to moisturizing lotion and aloe vera, you'll love these all natural coconut products. Their store is located near a place called Demal, which is one of the most popular areas to shop and eat. You'll find a variety of restaurants with many food options, but we actually got most excited about the desserts. Alright guys, so after dinner, we wanted some desserts. So we came to a very popular place. I think it's very popular because every day here is so far. There has been a long line out the door. People waiting to get a taste of some of this aloe mango. Actually, this one is just the mango ice cream version. So it's a soft-served mango ice cream with actual pieces of mango in there, too. Can you get me an aloe? Not only does it taste good, but it feels pretty good, too. Alright, we're going to enjoy this, we'll see you later. So yesterday for dessert, we had the aloe mango. And today, we're trying a place called Coco Mama. Cocoa in an ice cream dessert. I think, I don't know, it's even pretty popular. There's been a constant line all day, every day. So we gotta try it. Let's go see what it's like. They do have a mango flavor with some mango pieces, but unfortunately, it's not available. It's okay because this is still so delicious. Even ice cream, mix, put some extra slices. And then an egg. Oh, coconut in there. And you got some crunchy things on top. Very delicious dessert. If you're looking to escape the crowds, I suggest you explore outside of the white beach area. The east side of the island tends to be a bit more windy, so kite surfing is very popular. And you can take some lessons at Bulabag Beach. As we mentioned earlier, Puka Beach is a bit more chilled and at the very north of the island. Another really nice beach we visited during our last day here is called Ileg Ilegan Beach. Most of that beach is private and owned by resorts, but there is a nice section at the northwest part of the island that you can access by the public road. It's a beautiful beach. And when we visited in the late morning, there were very few people here. There's still a lot more to discover around Burakai. There are plenty of activities to experience that we actually never did. From parasailing to jet skiing and sailboat tours for sunsets. There are a lot of fun things you can do here. Alright Pema, honest opinions about Burakai. Hit me. I have a love hate relationship with this place. When we first arrived, I hated it. There were too many people here with not expecting that. But then as soon as we met at the train now, we had so much fun just getting to explore the rest of the island, having local friends telling us where to go. What to do that was away from the crowds. And even today, going to the beach was so nice. Because there weren't that many people, especially with like, if being the day heat, the water was amazing. You can see why this place is so popular. There's a reason why so many people come here. Sometimes you look at places and you see how popular they are. And that could be a negative. But so many people come here because this is such a beautiful island. And the water is crystal clear, especially along the really long white beach. The sand is the most soft, fine grain sand. It's so nice. And everyone here is just, all the locals here are just so friendly. So I'll definitely be coming back. I enjoyed it here. I'm keeping touch. Yeah. You're the best part of our life for us. Bye bye. Bye bye, madanda. In Bapal. Thank you so much. Salamat. All right, guys, that brings us to the end of this vlog. If you're not already, we would love to invite you to subscribe to both of our channels. So you can join us, our adventures. We travel around the world. Go ahead and click that thumb to give us a like if you enjoyed this video. And we'll see you in the next vlog. So forget to click the bell for notifications. Yeah. Turn on the bell next to the subscribe button. So you can be notified of new videos. It'll be the first one to see you. Until next time, Brakeye. We'll see you soon. Here's what's coming up on the next episode. During our trip to Brakeye, we had an incredible experience visiting a local Opti tribe. These are the indigenous people who are native to this area. And it was so amazing meeting them and learning about their lifestyle and culture. My next video will be exclusively about our experience with them. So be on the lookout for that coming soon.