 What is up broskies and babe skis? This is your boys, Jaz and Kel here and today we are in Ta-ge-te! More precisely with the Mahogany beef market One of the most important markets here in Hakatae For one important reason We are here to try the renowned Bula-lo, baby We want the best Bula-lo, so that's why we came to the Mahogany beef market Because we've heard they do the best Bula-lo in the entire world So let's go check it out, Peep-O We want Bula-lo Bula-lo Bula-lo is top-chairs Such kind people here in Takah-Zay We are special Bula-lo, la Oh, we love Lohan You found the sign, bro Do you want Bula-lo or Bula-lo, Han? I really hope we've been pronouncing it right That is so cool, man This is the place to... I see Bula-lo all over the place Bula-lo Hello, Bula-lo Hello This place has the vibe, goodbye Hello, all the places It's all inviting us We're fine, how are you? I'm good, how are you? Bula-lo is central open here I'm feeling Bula-lo Hello, Bula-lo Hello, Bula-lo Yeah, Bula-lo Delicious How many times do we say Bula-lo now? Yeah, Bula-lo Alright, Bula-lo Come to the Bula-end And we have Bula decided to get Bula-lo To get Bula-lo And it's very specific Bula-lo place Wait, Bula-lo, happy face This is the best Bula-lo Is this the best Bula-lo? Yeah, yeah We're gonna get Bula-lo here, it's the best Okay, this is the best Bula-lo Alright, we'll find a nice little seat We're gonna see It's time for Bula-lo Sorry, what is Bula-lo? Bula-lo Can we see Bula-lo? Yes, Bula-lo Yes You're gonna get Bula-lo here, right? You're gonna get Bula-lo here, right? How do you eat it? You put in a soup or how do you make? Soup? Soup, soup Ah, soup So, what do we get in Bula-lo? I think I'm gonna get Bula-lo Yeah? Yeah Bula-lo Alright, you excited, bro? Bula-lo, two rice Yes Alright, we got the rice There's some really good Bula-lo stuff happening there I feel like they're pouring in good vibes into that soup of ours That's one of the main ingredients, great vibes That's what you do, when you make a Bula-lo You've got a scream and laugh into it That's how you make a Bula-lo That's how you do it, that's it Salam alaikum Salam alaikum I love you, it's like a lo-fi I love you, I love you Yeah, it's my turn This is the place where you learn Tagalog, bro Come here, order a Bula-lo and you get a pre-tagalog lesson with it Wow, it's amazing I've already made it It's so fast Can I have a toast, bro? Look at that Incredible That looks Bula-lo great Yes Oh man, these chillies are tiny, y'all I think they're gonna be pretty hot Yeah? Yeah, look at this I haven't honestly never seen chillies that small before in my life Alright, bro, let's do this Let's do this Yeah It's spicy, very spicy It's still hot enough for the two broskies people It never is Alright guys, I'm super excited about this Bula-lo at Ferdigal mess the best Bula-lo in the Philippines So we got the soup ready I'm assuming we pour it over the rice or something like that I know, she said that we kind of we put the soup in this little bowl and then we just take bites of the rice with the soup in the bowl Let's do that Let's do it Let's do this rice on this food Let's do this food in the soup Let's do this to aim a map That's really good That is really good, yeah That's really delicious, yeah Really The broth is just insane You can really taste They've been cooking this meat for a long, long time I'm talking like, probably like days do Like really days they've been cooking the meat in this broth Seriously guys, I take one spoon of this broth It's like this really beautiful Then savory beef flavor That's just seat into the liquid You know, it's amazing Really it's amazing We've got a culinary mastermind here people Thumbs up for a culinary mastermind Oh man The meat is just, it's like butter Like your tongue can push it all apart That's really good, right? It's like just falls apart Stay to the Artulallo technology What's that? Coffee, sir Oh, coffee Thank you Wow Three coffee, three bananas Three bulalo Also three bulalo Okay, okay Who makes the best bulalo? You? You? Yeah Alright Did you make this bulalo? Yeah Okay, she makes the best bulalo people That's how it is We've got the queen of the bulalo right here Alright guys, this bulalo soup is so amazing We need to know where this beautiful food is crafted We're gonna look inside the magical kitchen of the bulalo Cheers, very tasty Oh, this woman is working magic right now Making delicious food, your bulalo is very good Thank you Three, at this time Yeah, for the master So we're making our way back again Oh yeah baby What's your comments? A lot of you said do the bulalo challenge This is not a challenge This is a treat This is one of those challenges that we want to receive This is a challenge I can do I want to do the bulalo challenge every day I want to go do the bulalo Olympic sport I think I can win in the bulalo Olympics Yeah, I think you get silver, dude Because I get gold You want a real challenge, bro? Yeah, this looks mean This is the devil's own right here Surprise spicy challenge Chetfraski Ooh, yeah That is pork, dude That's pork Bulalo Bulaha Yo, we made a mistake, bro Oh my god, it's so much harder now Oh my god Banana Banana against the spiciness I want Ah, this one They look amazing people Ah, getting my mouth I'm just supposed to help I know I've brought my cereals It's gonna be having a hard time tonight Yeah We're having a real hard time tomorrow morning Right people? You know we're talking about it Well, dude, it's such a great meal I think How's it about? You need this white pot and I need the middle pot That's outfit? No, no really I think, guys, it is time It's a little burnt, man, that's bad, eh? I'm not sure how I'm supposed to get this out It's coming, it's coming, it's coming Oh, look at that Hello people, how you doing? I gotta say it doesn't look too visually appealing That's all I really got to say about it It just doesn't look that great Cheers, Bulaha Alright, I really didn't like that Alright, that was very slimy And I didn't like that very much Alright, guys The two broskies had finished their big bulalos soup We came to Tagate for the bulalo and it did not disappoint The flavor, the texture, the meat, everything Every aspect of it was great It was a beautiful meal I would eat it again, probably later today So relax right now, man, I'm finally removed Yeah, so that was a delicious bulalo The best bulalo place in the Philippines Yeah, we also got free bananas, free coffee And free bulalo And free bulalo So just kidding, we are paying for the bulalo Yeah, right, right, right So guys, if you liked this video Don't forget to like it, subscribe it, hit the bell Then we'll catch you on the next one