 Future Friday. The freshest. The voice generation just ended and these are the champions. The cool vocal mix and they did win. I think this was the group that still was coaching. And they actually don't know anything about them. Me neither. They did an acapella version. They seem to be like a vocal group where they do acapella versions of songs. I mean look at the band they have behind them though. Yeah. Let's give it a watch there. They won. It must be sick. I vocal group in the Philippines. Completely raw life. It's like that band. Okay. Go. Oh. This is hard. Oh. This is hard. Oh. This is hard. This is hard. Bullock. What is it? You remember it. Weeking. She seems to be running around real speed like I just heard. We're running for the third time. Why? You thought a lot it is worth killing me sn efforts Oh, okay, they're really settling now. They're vocally so settled now, I guess. Oh, damn. Yep, it's just a tragedy. Oh, boy, man. Oh, god damn, what the fuck? I didn't know that. I had no idea. Julie moved like that, dog. Dude, what the fuck? Who ever is doing that? Tumbu. You know, the V-Box is a- Can the V-Box guy? Harry, bro. Okay, I don't know if that's the whole show. Let me pass it there for a second. Isn't it a mental, right? How much, like, sun, like, sonic space. You have to fucking feel when there's no instruments. Yep. That is insane. The fact that you have to, it sounds so empty, man. It sounds so bloody. Yeah, it's just empty. I have this 2468 of them. It's tough. I think it's difficult. Vocy, bro. It is difficult to go with something like this. And of course, this is about the voice. The whole point of this show is that- It makes sense that they would win, you know? The vocals. But I personally, from a technical perspective, from a performance element of things, there's a lot of space to feel here. Yeah. And I believe that the harmony mix is not sufficient enough. So you're having a lot of mid-space empty. You're having a lot of base-space empty. That only the big boxer is feeling. And this is not enough. You need a melody part that also does base. And you need an alto section and a medsos section that are able to carry those middle notes because that's what gives depth to an acapella group. I believe that the lead vocalist, here's a thing. I believe all individual members of this group are OP. They're probably incredible in their own right. But as a group, the dynamics need to complement each other. And the levels are wrong in terms of who's singing, where, and into what volume, demodulation, it's insufficient for me. I just think there is a production issue. Because, again, there's a ton of sonic space to be filled out. And I don't know why you would do it like this. Even if they're an acapella group, who gives a fuck? Still use some instruments. Or use some effects. Some reverb, some delay, something. I think perhaps you could have, because the mix of the song, like the progression of the song from the original into what we're seeing here for performance value, it's really great. I actually think it made them grow into the performance. But in the section where you have a breakdown, when it changes to a reggaeton beat, I don't like depth. Because it needed a band, it needed music, because it would amplify that change from a performance. Look, you can have, and I think they would shine in a studio setting. Oh, yeah. Because you can obviously hang hands, treble, you can hang hands base, you can hang hands, the mids, the highs. But I'm struggling to sort of see why they would decide to do it like this, which leads to two options. Like, one is, maybe this was fairly like, we understand how a lot of this vocal contest work. It's very sort of rushed, very tight preparation. And then number two, yeah, because of that, then you sort of have to make do with what you got. And this seems like that to me. I don't think there's any lack of talent in the group. I actually think they're all fine. I just think with a tiny bit more production, they could actually achieve some really interesting and some really cool levels. Right now, I don't know where there's the space in the market at that level to sort of, I don't know, sell that well, because maybe, you know, also on the end of the day one, that's obviously fucking good. That's proving some of our points already wrong, right? People supported them, people liked it. The question now is, will they penetrate the market strongly enough, because they do have a decent concept in terms of laynows and I could pay that vocal group. But will that sell? Like, what stream, like what type of music are you going to stream? How is it getting some live? Very intriguing, a ton of questions. Here's the thing about this particular scene. And we're not against this, by the way. It's obviously been done before and it's good, like it's been done before great. And I think they could probably do it well as well. I have absolutely no wrong thing to say about them as a group. I do have a question though. Where they picked to be together in the show as a group, or did they audition as a group? Because my personal feeling here is that they were put together throughout the competition, which sometimes can play against them until they adhere completely as a cohesive unity, which I think it's what's lacking in this performance. It's the cohesive effect of things, because you want to have a choir base, acapella group. You want to maintain some of those rigid techniques that you get in choir singing, to translate into a pop musical approach, which I think that's what's lacking here. Perhaps it comes with a friction of performing together, it comes with the years of practicing more together. I think that's perhaps the thing that's missing here, that cohesive element. I mean, people are enjoying it. A lot of people, they seem to be the performers that converted them, because some people were saying they weren't big fans. And then they heard this, and then they were sort of impressed. Let's keep going. See what perhaps was the judges' name. It's a very strong performance in terms of what vocally you can showcase. Why? Because you're the vocal mix for the Sousa Lord Coach Billy. No, he's a cool man. He's a cool man. I think he's the one who's the best. You're the one. Has that... People can't replace the presence here. And there's no relief here. The song's for lenses and sometimes has aуютities. And with that he's figuratively a lover. just gorgeous she's impressedjets interesting so did they following So, man, understand that he seems to like the details and what do you call it? Or it's restimulating enough, right? Essentially? Maybe it's under different in studio. So, that's his coach, that's the coach. The calibration, he's going to do it. Oh, he's going to do it. We're going to finish first, we're going to finish first. We're going to finish first. We're going to finish first. And there are a lot of people who are using it. But, I think he's going to do it. We're not going to finish first. So, we're going to finish first. I'm so happy. And I'm going to talk to him about the product I'm going to do. Is it a double natural? He's very proud. He's very sweet. I'm just going to talk to him. Even if he's a journey, he's going to do it on his own. He's going to do it on his own. He's going to do it on his own. He's going to do it on his own. He's going to do it on his own. Congratulations. Oh, he was very emotional about that. That's really sweet. I think he's also one of the first times that he's like, obviously coaching. Mad, right? What a journey. What a full circle moment. I think it's important to be coached to then sort of leading the pack in terms of people and now sort of coaching a little bit as well. It's important to have all of these incredible careers from individual, the individual coaches to come in different styles and different perspectives and their own personal journeys in this group. He's what I give him as well credit for as well. This is just more in terms of like the voice and contests singing shows in the Philippines. It's more like I think other television networks outside of the Philippines, not just GMA or ABS or all the other networks, but like outside of the Philippines. I think they would have filled these out for the audience. Sonically speaking, I think they would have done a lot of post-production here. I like the fact that the Philippines always does like the Filipino TV as we've always said doesn't mess around in that sense. What you are hearing is what you got on the day. That's true. I'm not even drier. Yeah, you might get even drier because they're like pretty brutally in that sense. Like pretty ruthless. That's why sort of the Philippines is filled with such top-class life performers because actually the environments in which they perform are quite difficult on a weekly basis. So in Trigen, I would like to know what you guys thought about it. I do understand that our audience is probably a little bit more picky, I presume. And like, you know, you guys, because you watch this type of stuff, I presume you like life performances as well and stuff like that. But let us know what your first impression of this performance was. And if you had seen them throughout the competition, what was your perspective then? Reo's.