 Hi guys and welcome back to Dabble the reaction. I don't really know, I don't know why I'm not going to sing high. No, because I'm sitting up high. You've got a higher pillow than me. As you can tell by the name, we're going to be doing more than just reactions that aim of this channel is to do so much more. We're going to be doing some cooking, we're going to be doing some quizzes, we're going to be learning languages, we're going to be doing games, we're going to be talking news and of course we're going to be... I'm going to be doing some heating. Yeah, I will be cooking. And of course we're going to be doing the reactions. We're doing what you're recommending at the moment. Keeping recommendations coming, either comment below or send them over to our Instagram at www.dabble.com. I really need some recipes, so anything you really want us to cook, then please do send the recipes in the comments or on Instagram. For sure. So that can try it. Yeah, but for today we are doing... I don't know why I keep clicking. We are doing one of your recommendations again and today we are recommending. We are reacting to the sexiest Southeast Asian language. Am I really silly? What countries are in Southeast Asia? You've been to the Southeast Asian Games, all of them. Oh, okay, all of them, so we're going to go by them languages. Yeah. Traveling to the Southeast Asia is hard in the countries. It's been a long time since we've traveled. I'm under Filipino, I will be number one. I think we'll order Spanish influence. We can't do it. But yeah, maybe, maybe, maybe. I'm not sure. We will have to see it. Are you ready? Let's go. You see it louder, it's still all getting. Well, there's a thing we're not going to know. Do you want to get larger than your nose? No, I said I... Do you want to get larger than your nose? There we go. Three people, but it's listed something. That is so funny. You can idea though. But if they don't know which language is there, right? Yeah, wrong shoe size. And here we go again in this uncomfortable thing. Do you know where we're doing today? I do, I think I'm reacting to sexiest languages again. I hope someone fre- He don't make good distinction. Please. Do you know anything about Southeast Asian countries? Yeah, some of my best friends have been Vietnamese, so I like to use people. But I don't like their food, just the people. Do you consider itself Asian? Yeah, I'm Southeast Asian. Please, go do your tummy guys. I'd love to be blind, but I've had to get any food. You speak cool, right? No, you were a jidnight tackle, though. Oh yeah, of course, but you know. I'm ready for you to head on me. Hi, hi, Wangmei. Hello, it's nice to meet you as well. I'm not sure if you're happy or not. I'm happy, Wangmei. But today I'm going to sleep on the floor. I hope you're happy. Are you serious? You can tell. Hi. Go on. Everything's so exaggerated, isn't it? You say it louder at the top. I see such cool ideas, isn't it? No, I don't know how you're going to know whether it's sexy or not. Yeah. Again, because the sun's leaving again outside in the dark. I was hoping you would say so much. I was hoping I could have a nice, so I had to get out of there. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's true. Hi, Paulie. You're so handsome. I heard you say that. That's not the right region at all. My day was great. How's your day? Is it a center? Yes. Because I like to go to a place where I can sleep. Because I like to go to a hospital. I'm going to work there. Oh. Okay, I'm really hearing you as calm as that. So please stand in. Spanish. Are you ready? Yeah, I give it a try. You are a pinet. Hell yeah. How did you know? Yeah. I'm from the Philippines. I want to say Tagalog or Filipino. The Philippines has been colonized by the Spanish. There we go. It's got a win then, surely. Yeah. That is a big person. Hi, Bella. There's one girl in my country who is very inspired by the story. That's quite nice. Do you think I've ever listened to it in that way? Hi. How are you? How are you? I don't recognize this language at all. It's just joking. How is it going? I don't know. You're not sick? It's very quick. It's not sick. It's just a long way. You're quick. You're quick. It's so quick. It's really quick. It's just a long way. Okay. I don't know. I have one girl. I don't know. I have one girl. I don't know. I want to be the one who is very excited. It's flying well. The engine is flying. It's flying. It's flying. It's like, hey, like, if you haven't eaten, like, you can pick something up. And then we're there. Yeah, I love how people learn. They get a lot of things. Yeah, exactly. Completely fluent. But like, um, they depend. Have you eaten though? This is a guest because I have no idea. The language is very foreign to me. But I'm gonna say in the near... How could you call it that? I would not have a clue. But you can tell. But you can tell. I have. I had watching. You're kind of like singing to me, I can't do that all night I think she's a Vietnamese So good at guessing, aren't we? We're gonna guess Vietnamese Wow You should know his friends are Vietnamese But he has guests on foot now Drops up, Bella Travodian Hi How are you? Socks of mine Here you have to put the strap on Put the strap Here you have to put the strap on It's an harness I have a harness I'm going to put it on I'm going to put it on I'm going to put it on I'm going to put it on I don't know She can't be there Can't talk just like Moe or Sokko What is it? Is that a candle? No, we never I would never Oh, that's a You've never been You've never been You mean I'm going to remember all the things It's not on it I can't say that Cambodia What? It is Yeah, good guess It is Yeah, good guess Oh my god And I recognize some of the things you said to Bella So I'm going to go Cambodia And also you said Cambodia in Earlier That's why That is why You know, I'm a little hard to get I'm going to I'm going to go to Cambodia Before Or That looks chill, yeah We don't have pick-up lines So usually the first thing that you say is I love you What's your answer? What? So That's a bit Philon is I love you What's your answer? If he said that someone I would hit it Run Run Make sure It's like a Kindergarten class I love you Let's go run off together Brahma Okay, shoot I bet there are no guesses Ever the Bermuda Triangles Close the Bermuda over here And that's like nothing to do with Bermuda Do they have to pick their favorite Who do I'll say? Yeah I like the guy said That island and angel So that was really on my heart So I picked the island Angel And Denise You Thank you Good job Yeah, of course You said Island Angel I can't like that Honestly, I'm I think I'm gonna go with three I think there's Vietnamese You don't remember the languages Yeah I Go with Vietnam Where am I? He's sticking to his friends Yeah Hello Hello Hello So I also went Okay, it's It's how I get the ladies went I just sweat on them It's disgusting She just came with that like I want you, Energy You know like I pick up lines from strong Like it goes like confidence in that And that's all it was So cheerfully I'm gonna hang up Maybe like if you Make a soft taste Sweet And then like if the regular people talk Which already That would be cute Yeah So you feel maybe more crystal I feel like you guys Say a lot of Or make a lot of sounds In your mind And like I I don't know if there's something about that I don't like I relax you dirty minded Woo So thank you guys for watching Unfortunately in this one We couldn't feature all of the languages And very sorry about that But let me know which one you found That will do That was not really It was getting rude I was expecting languages We just And they're like Oh But it's We definitely think it's how We are They're getting bleaked I think there's only one word for me It has to be Filipino It has to be Tagalog Cause That Spanish influence We always say If I could speak any language It would be Spanish Yeah And we Filipino Having that huge Spanish influence It's always going to win I think it also helps That it's quite familiar Yeah I feel like it feels Much nicer Yeah I remember what I know Sort of what they're saying The other languages We've been to the country But I don't know what they're saying And the other thing with Filipinos is When they are speaking Especially like When they're speaking with their friends And Tagalog women They're always so happy I hope Confuciastic What they say Confuciastic Comes across really happy But you know Definitely the Spanish influence There are a lot of words That you can just say like Really sexy It's just Yeah Definitely Thank you for recommending Is that quite a funny video? I was I didn't I didn't It's not It's not It's not like that video Yeah really I was expecting languages And then you come out with You know Not even going to repeat what he said But yeah That was too much Yeah But thank you for recommending We need to sort out this position I am I feel like I'm smaller Yeah well I can't help that I'm like down here I need to That's better But thank you for recommending it If You've got any recommendations At the one in travel Or No you didn't do it At the one in travel At the one in travel Or Comment below And if you're new around here There's a lot more comments So make sure you hit that subscribe Drop us a like Can keep on doubling