 A lot of Koreans in the country also click. Cebu seems to be very popular. I don't know if the tourism is just very strong in Cebu. Both countries just have established a friendship, which is nice to see these days. Welcome to... What's up Philippines? Hello, you beautiful people! I missed you. I hope you missed me too. I mean, not that I've been away for long, but... Here I am back at it again, reacting to videos that you suggested, or that I find interesting, all about Philippines. I've been living in the Philippines for three years, came to this beautiful country for vacation. Traveled, went back home, came back again, stayed a little bit longer, and then eventually went back home, came again, decided to move to the Philippines. So here here we are, and I've been traveling within the Philippines for quite some time. I know the ins and outs of the culture as well, just by speaking to friends, learning from you guys as well, but also doing these videos here on what's in Philippines that helped me during the pandemic to, you know, stay healthy, at least with my mind, and yeah, today I am reacting to an educational video, just something that I love doing here as well, just learning about all the ins and outs of... Just also like infrastructure, business, everything that has to do with government projects, and so on, so I'm always up to date. So today I'm reacting to why South Korea is investing so much in the Philippines, and I know that there are a few countries that invested a lot in the Philippines, one of them, you know, is Japan, but also China, but there are so many countries, but I had no idea about South Korea, or what South Korea is investing into the Philippines. So let's find out together, shall we? The Philippines country ties are known for being connected to Japan, the United States, and its neighboring countries. These countries are all illustrated for being large trade partners, economic investors, and even military alliances. There is, on the other hand, the country that has been largely missed out on the list, and in recent decades, this country's presence has emerged quite largely within the Philippines. Yes, we are talking about South Korea, a country that is slowly becoming one of the leading economic partnerships in the Philippines. It's growth... I remember when I was in South Korea, I saw a lot of Filipinos, so the travel, the tourism, there's like an agreement, I think, that they have been working on as well, so I think it's visa-free travel for Filipinos, so... Yeah, great. It's all the sectors in the country. From the vehicle industry, such as Hyundai, and Kia Motor Company, to leading in the mobile sales business, such as Samsung phones, and to many surprises, South Koreans have consecutively become the leading tours and visitors in the Philippines. There we go. So how did South Korea grow so big in the Philippines? And will it one day become the largest partner in terms of economy, trade, and even continuously becoming a tourist paradise? Before we move on, don't forget to leave us a like and subscribe for more. The South Korea Philippines relations have a remarkable relationship that spans decades. The special connection started during the Korean War. When the Philippines was one of the countries that recognized the existence of the Republic of Korea. And since then, there have been several military cooperations between the two countries, which South Koreans have continuously thank the Filipinos who helped their country during such a drastic time. This eventually evolved into social and economic partnerships. By the mid-1950s, both countries... Oh wow! ...and established their presence with each other by opening an embassy building. These military cooperations would eventually become an integral part in the later years as South Korea became one of the leading figures in the Philippines' military as it supplies crucial equipment such as worships and fighter jets. Fast forward 50 years later, then President Fidel V. Ramos visited South Korea, which ultimately became an important date in diplomatic relations. And as a side note, Fidel Ramos was also a veteran of the Korean War. Today, we can see the impact of South Korea in the very lives of the country. From its culture to the economy, the majority of Filipinos have experienced it one way or another, either through the so-called Korean wave, which brought in a massive flow of South Korean culture. From the famous K-dramas, K-pop. Yes, I agree. Every time I opened Netflix in the Philippines, there was a lot of K-dramas. I even watched train to Busan. Yeah, it's just... I was a K-pop. I mean, K-pop is so... so big. Hey, games. And most importantly, Korean food. These are all the people who are stronger flow of trade between the two countries. What commonly stood out from South Korea's presence is often known for their vehicle and smartphone devices. Considering how Hyundai and Kia Motors are seen... I just realized there are so many Korean food places in Manila. Wow, Korean barbecue. La la la la la. La la la la la la. substantial growth in the past decade and how Samsung is one of the leading smartphone devices. Although, as of recently, the Philippines is seeing an emergence of South Korean firms impacting a large part of the construction industry. Firms such as Hyundai E&C, Daila Ministry, just to name a few, have taken part in helping construct some of the boldest projects the Philippines have done in its history. These are the likes of the Malolos Clark Railway, a 163 kilometer rail system. Wow. A petrochemical plant located in Baton that would be worth around $317 million. And he became a manufacturer of the country's metro rail transit systems. What stands out, however, is the announcement from the South Korean firm called E&+, it was when they became keen on pouring over $100 million into the market for the industry of the country. The future on the other hand is quite difficult to say. However, if anything, these past and present occurrences are already good signs about the future of the two nations. Even the current president of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, claim that South Korea and the Philippines have a special friendship and will continue to do so in the future. Moreover, one of the biggest international aid the country has received during one of the greatest calamities in recent years. The COVID-19 pandemic was from South Korea. And according to data, as of 2022, they have been a leading helping hand to the land, sending half a million AstraZeneca vaccine doses and sending 10.6 billion pesos with international assistance. And what's more, these are just some of the many others it is done during the crucial time, even for its own country. These are likewise great indicators that South Korea and the Philippines relations will continue to improve and may in the future be one of the greatest economic partnerships. Okay, I've seen a huge wave of the Korean influence as well. As far as I know, there are a lot of Koreans in the country, also click. Sibu seems to be very popular. I don't know if the tourism is just very strong in Sibu. But yeah, wow, interesting video, definitely a bright future ahead. When I visited Korea, I could really sense that there are a lot of Filipinos there as well. A lot of people just recognized me on the streets, which were mainly our Filipinos viewers. So, peace out. Yeah, it's a very vice-versa relationship where both countries just have established a friendship which is nice to see these days. It's not that common. Okay, if you guys enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up. If you want me to react to videos, please let me know in the comment section down below or just shoot me a message on Instagram saying, hey, Nelly, I saw this video. I think it's interesting for what's of Philippines. And yeah, if it's a trending video, or if it's an educational or fun or whatever, as long as it's suitable for the channel, just let me know. I want you to be part of this as well. So, I hope you enjoyed this one. Learn something new maybe, and I'll see you guys next time here on What's Up Philippines?