 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 %, 1 15% 2, retạachen,<|eu|> gestion danian bawkewel when you are at sea ! 3 hr later from the end of the week We're waiting for our stop right now And we're gonna rest up And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight What is up adventure fans? What is up adventure fans, labs, other cakes, desserts To the elevator and student And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight And run around later tonight Hopefully you enjoyed it If you like the video on oftentimes and that what I'm going to say in that video like I'm going to make a video of one of your pouvez 1964 kids to Lba via a comment to邊 seahu Barry stay a little cooler Türk Museum Katrina ...today, but we want to show you guys what it was like. I'll get some prices for you in a bit and I'll put them up on the screen now. You guys can see what we've had and what we deal with. We got a lock box on the door. All right, coming in. And there's the beautiful wife just hanging out. Hi, everyone. All right, so coming in, you can see that it's just a... You know, pretty simple studio apartment like condo. We got a small fridge here, microwave. I think this is probably some part of the security system, but like we didn't deal with that at all. So, whatever. All right, so you got your little kitchenette. Had everything that we needed, some extra glasses, some cooking utensils, but we didn't cook anything, so we didn't need that. But still nice to have. And you can see it from that angle. Got a nice little... dining table. And then over here, we got TV on the wall. We didn't use that, but I'm sure it was great. I think I got a nice floor fan. That thing's actually really powerful. And then AC unit in the window, or as somebody you call it, aircon. So nice artwork on the window, not the window of the wall. And then they got some wallpaper where it looks like it's just falling apart. But I don't know, not a big deal. And then you can see the view is mainly these other condos, you know, really, really big buildings. Let's see if we can go up. Yeah, so we're on the 17th floor. Pretty big, but you look over to the right over here, you can see. I think that's the ocean a little bit over there. I think so. I can't tell. It's a little bit cloudy out, but I'm sure we'll figure it out. Alright, let's check out the bathroom. Nice full stand-up mirror, but of course, I'm too tall. Alright. Typical little bathroom. Nothing crazy. Got your mirror. Got your sink. Got your toilet. Now here in the Philippines, a lot of places will have a sprayer, so a bidet comes with it. It's kind of helpful. Because, you know, here in this place, you can see the toilet paper rack is broken, but they also don't supply you with toilet paper. So that's a little bit different for us, westerners, something to get used to. And of course, you know, a walk-in shower, which wasn't bad at all, actually. The only thing weird is that the shower doesn't have like a full door, so the water kind of comes out a little bit, but they have a drain here in the middle. And then underneath the sink, you can see the water here for the sink here, and then for the shower as well. Which was pretty, actually, pretty useful. And I don't know if it affects the sink here in the kitchen, it probably does. So one thing that I've noticed here, with these, I guess, places with a water heater that's on the wall, versus like one in America where you've got just one big water heater that takes care of everything. This is an electric one. I kind of was expecting that this wasn't going to heat the water very fast or even very hot, but to my surprise, it's actually really, really warm. Not warm. It is hot. It's burning. Which makes it seem like pretty efficient, I think, if you're just warming up the water as you're using it versus in America, like in our house, we have a big old water tank that is just heating up the water all the time. So that costs a lot of money and electricity. So maybe this is a better and more efficient version, but yeah, so this is the studio Airbnb, pretty neat little place. And like I said, I'll get you guys the prices up in the screen somewhere. It really wasn't that expensive. I think it was like about $30 a night, which overall, like if you think about it, it's really not that expensive in comparison to like a hotel, a full on hotel. No, we don't have the same amenities overall, but like if we wanted to, we have access to the pool. Actually, another thing different from the Western world, if you want to use the pool, we have to pay for it. Now, this may be because we're not at an actual hotel when it's out of a condo unit, but still it's a little bit weird that you'd have to pay extra. But you know, that's just the thing here in the Philippines. And like this, it's not just at this condo. We've seen it at the other Airbnb's that we've booked. So it's pretty normal here. It's a normal thing, but all right, guys, sign enough. Bye. Bye, guys. See you later. Okay, so another untimmedical thing is that the owner asks us to take the trash out. So we got to go to a basement level one to go toss it. Not a big deal. I mean, again, different from a hotel, but yeah, I mean, it's not a big deal. I don't know what we're supposed to go with. Have a track. Are you going to leave me and do it by myself? I guess we're in the parking garage. It's all the day. All right. I'm trying to get you to this camera. I'm kind of a pain because I can move the gimbal around. It is humid in here. All right. Going up. We are going to explore the adjacent to Bay. We went and had dinner there last night with my family. And it was kind of late. It was actually pretty late because they closed at 10. We didn't get in until 9. Yes. And we were still so tired from the lawn trip. So we decided to come home after 10 and went straight to bed. So today we're going to explore a video scene. See what it is all about. We're going to go check out the Venice Mall or the Venice Canal. Let's go. All right. So this is the entry to the place. We're going to have to see the sunset. Hello. Hello. I'm from your main gate. But you guys hold up on ravages. And we're going to have to start each other. All right. No problem. Thank you. Allama Cole. All right. So which way are we going? I think we should go right. Okay. We're not entirely sure where we're going, but we'll figure it out. There's a lot of building in here. Let's go. Let's go. I think these are all condos. This is a good point of law. Right? Yeah, it's nice out here. I mean, it's a bit humid, but it's really not terrible. You know, especially coming from Texas. Where it is hot and humid quite often, but it's raining a little bit, which is nice. I was trying to go for a short bus. Well, the only thing short is you. Mom. Oh, my heckle. All these condos and BCG. Thank you. I don't think we might have a... All right, we hear music. Let's run. This girl got me trying to run across the street when nobody's coming. Look at that guy. He's walking in the street. I'm not even trying to get run over today. All right, that's the thing. That is very common here in the Philippines. They in America, like, oh my goodness. You're going to get hit. Next we have to go that one. Yeah. Should we do the crosswalk? Yeah. Although we might get run over there. Just make sure you're right, okay? Here you go. Go. Yeah, I know. Nobody's coming. All right, now we can go. I'm trying to do it. All right. What are you doing? I'm breaking. Want any coffee? I'm good for that one. I guess it's it. This is it. There you go. She's pretty. You want a dentist at that? Good. I came all the way from America. I'm just in Denny's. Not even like Denny's in America. They have rice here. They do. Rice and pancakes. Are you probably right, though? Well, look, they have all the baking. So probably they have rice. I'm not sure. I want to check it out real quick. It looks like they have a good room here. Okay. We have a little bit of overload here. I think it was kind of like a dream thing. Yeah. Thank you. So I'm not going to lie. It actually actually smelled like Denny's from back home. I was like less than five minutes walking over here. Even though I'm sweating like crazy. She's doing her video. I'm doing mine. What is it? It's December 15th. Yeah, it's December 15th right now. So, of course, everything's dressed up for Christmas. There's Starbucks over there. Nice. Trying to get a picture. I know. Look at this. It's an actual hole canal here. Alright, so check this out. Those of you who are from the States, you're going to appreciate that they have Texas Roadhouse. How mind you, we are from Texas. That's crazy. We fly literally across the world. And we come across Texas Roadhouse. Where are the odds of that? One to be stroked? Yeah. That's super cool. Such a cool place. We all look cool. We got your picture with Juliet. Juliet. I don't know how to say her last name. I'll be carrying you. Probably gone to La Rode, yeah. I have no idea what the temperature is. It's really not that hot. It's very humid. My hair is all humidified. That's alright. Of course, woman's Philippines here doesn't sweat. No, I don't. Actually, she's not drenched like I am right now. Hopefully you can't tell on the shirt. We're good on the pictures. It's fine. It's your Dunkin' Donuts. So I can get a drink. And cool down a little bit. We have about an hour and 15 minutes before we have to get back to the Airbnb and get our stuff. Because we have to be up at 12. Sadly, the building, like you saw earlier, doesn't have room to store stuff. So I think after that, we're going to have to go over to Geraldine's brother's house and hang out with his family. My student law is an amazing cook. The thing she's going to make this, be cool, express. It's a lamb bowl cooked in coconut milk. And there's ginger, onions. It is amazing. She's the best of cooking it. So we're going to have that for dinner or lunch. There's indoor part. This place is just getting opened up. That's probably... No, that means. This place is just getting opened up. That's probably... No, that means. Game center. Wow. This is a big kids' place on here. So many candies. I'm going to check it out. It's going to feel... Almost fell over. We found it. So... I'm looking forward to eating Dunkin' Donuts because in America, we have Dunkin' Donuts, but the options are very limited. And it's totally different flavors. A lot of flavors here in the Philippines. We don't offer in America. I forget what it's called. I'm going to show you guys my favorite one from Dunkin' Donuts. It is amazing. It is. It is. I don't know. Look, I'm definitely going to get a drink. Definitely going to get a drink. I'm super sweaty right now. I won't see if it's any different from the self-back home. Like she's saying, like, could be different. I don't like to see. I think I'm going to try a blueberry cheese Dunkin' Donuts, which I'm imagining that it's cream cheese, but... I've been surprised before. The ice latte is for a medium. 95 pesos. A large 110 extra large is 135. I have no idea how big this size is actually orange in comparison to, like, in that home. I'm going to get a large just to keep it safe. And 110 pesos. It's about $2.15 to $25. So, not bad at all. If you're looking at Dunkin' Back Home, that same one is easily 450, 550. I think the big one that we call large is like 650. You're talking about a fairly big difference in price, but also we haven't seen how big it is. So, let's check it out when it comes out. Okay, so this is the large, which I would say is about, like, a medium for us back home. Maybe even a small. Yeah, something big at home. She found more cakes. That's it, eh? Alright, very tight. So, it's called Chuffle Butternut. It's so good. Or, paper string. That was good. It's too sweet for me now. It's good. This is the large. Definitely different from that one. That's okay. Nice setup. Yeah, it's really tight. I'm gonna take a picture so I can make my... I think there's a draw over this. Alright, so this is the blueberry cheese. And, like I said, it looks like it's probably cream cheese, but... What was it? Because I was going to miss the last night at the biking. And I thought it was going to be like a sweet biscuit, but I didn't have any cheese, like actual cheese flavor. It's very chocolatey. Yeah, it's definitely cream cheese. Alright, it's good. That's pretty good. I like it, it's not too sweet. It's my good flavor, but it's not like spatula in the face with a tongue of sugar. I get a mountain dew last night probably. Like a little convenience store right underneath our condo. And I think it had about half the sugar from the ones back home. I guess I mean like most of the stuff here probably doesn't have as much sugar as I've ever used to. Which is good. Alright, so we found a marketplace right here in the mall with the food court, which is actually pretty convenient. Different from what we're used to over in America, but... If you need, I think it's a full on market. Alright, let's go find some stuff. I need some water. Alright, we need some water. I need some cough drops. The whole 30-hour flight here. I threw it was killing me because of draining. As legitimately a snack robot. I thought that was a little cutie at first running around with like a Santa hat on it, and then I turned around. It's a robot driving around the market with snacks. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. We're in day two in the Philippines, and I'm sweating like crazy. And I don't have any deodorant because my lovely wife, she could have her bag. So, I don't have to find any accident when she claims. She claims. I don't know if I'm a believer. Okay, what we need is natural. Protect plus safe garden. I have no idea. No idea. Alright, we'll figure it out. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall. I'm going to have to go back to the mall.