 I wake up in the morning Open the sheets, letting off with the light in The sun is shining, like a smell of coffee You made me, the songs that you've been singing Tell me how much you love me You love me, I don't wanna go to work Hi guys, welcome back to the vlog So today's day two of our staycation Here is some more Mac Tanya down hotel And then so far so good, we just visited the swimming pool It's very good weather because when we woke up at little bit cloudy But now as you can see the sky so blue, so bright sun And then we went to the swimming pool to check, it's very nice It's like in principle, you can see my video was inserted later So like, overlooking the lapel-apositi And then it's a bit cold in the water so we decided to go now to search for some lines And then after probably we'll visit the beach because my baby wants to play with us And so much as you're favorite So yeah, let's see how it will go and I will take you along with me Every day I wake up, you're my ocean view I'm on vacation when I'm with you Every day I wake up on the island for you My lady, my lady, my lady, my lady, my lady I don't wanna go to sleep, it's just you and me Need more than a weekend to be here and I'm feeling like I'm on vacation When I'm with you, every day I wake up, you're my ocean view I'm on vacation when I'm with you You're swimming in the water? You like it? Do you learn how to swim in the water? Huh? Okay That looks comfortable So we went out already to our hotel room and then we're going now to buy some snacks And we will take their shuttle They have like a free shuttle going into the commute on beach It's like seven-carb in the beach but they can get a hotel for now So we will avail the service of shuttle And our truck, the beach spent some time in there Actually again, the wind is so cold, even the sun is shining but we feel quite cold So we cause always one specific thing It's only done for our lady The sun goes around the stage Can't wait for the moon the day In the sun when I found you the one you call You got what I need and you always be turning my sky blue But maybe I can't get you Why don't you come? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh We're here now in the Macthan on Nitaan Beach and it's very, very beachy for a beach here, so I think they know very pretty little, so it's very clean now and then the water sits on the window and so we're enjoying out here. Also, we bought some food for lunch from Snacks, we thought we will eat here on the different parts, it's not loud, so if you're going to Macthan on Nitaan Beach, they have their own coffee, so you can and cleaning them like food, real food, but I think that drinks and snacks that cheat, so like small snacks, they are allowed in the room, but for the food, if you like, they can't lunch somewhere in the evening here, so it's not loud, but it's fine, yeah, so we're enjoying now. So it's already evening of our second day here in the Savoy, Macthan on Nitaan hotel and then we just returned to the beach, she enjoyed so much and then when we came back on Calpholis Beach, so we waited until the coaches then time, so we can all go out and search for some food. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. We're doing it here. Down? Hmm? Nitaan, I see my camera. Go up? Go up. Go up. Now you still keep going. You start to make a game, look what you're doing. So finally we found our difference. We can do the try here now so see what we get and visit the other night. What? Say hi. Say hi. So here is our photo, we arrived, this is Dota, Zaluk and Sojilisha and then we have the Katsoodone, then my one there is, what is there with the cell, I think it's cell man. No love, I think it's called a squid and then from Mikhail Ben, well looking so good and let's go. So actually we're already at this restaurant, that day I think lunch time, or early dinner, I don't remember. But we took a thousand in there because of course, I think I don't remember but after chasing it, so chaotic, so decided to take that and this and that. It was so delicious, the ramen from this restaurant, it's like all same, it's a pretty ramen day, and then we came back to the, but we were not in ramen, just today maybe we'll try the, like the brides, the Katsoodone, something like that. So this is not so sweet, I will try now, not so good, this is a bit, it's too sweet. Very young, you can see it too, it's really good, it's really sweet before, well it's very delicious. It's like not, it's like not so bad but like real space, that's really nice. Hi, here is what it's like, it's like dumping that vegetable from your zone. So you're just like the vegetable from here and then good sauce, I think it's just an oil and so it's more Japanese-style. I'm sorry but it's super yummy. So now our ramen, you do is like the rice and the soup, and we're going to try the soup. It's very good though, I think. It's a bit shy, so it's like some firm-spice onion chicken rice, rice, so sauce, it's delicious. I think it's good for the taste, I think I'll do it for the taste. . Okay guys, so we'll be back in the room and then the evening in the Japanese was very very delicious and then actually it was not like over-priced, that's so expensive so it was really very onion for feeling you are feeling very comfort and also really be back in our room which is TV and then preparing to go to sleep tomorrow tomorrow is even going back to my now-is-tea to where we're living and then we had to say very nice day-kish and so tomorrow we're supposed to try to sleep in the pool and then you'll be far the weather will be fine so for now my eyes will be cold so with wheels, prepare and then I want to say I think everyone who is watching my vlogs and if you're not yet subscribed please hit the button down below also like and comment so it really means a lot to me your support so okay I hope to see you next one, till stay here with us, bye bye