 Wherever you travel, please always be aware of what could happen, what could go wrong, especially we as female travelers. We encounter situations that might not be natural, you know, it's just like, it's not like, hey, how are you? Oh, where are you from? No, it's just like, sometimes people just come straight and they're like, where are you going? And you're just like, no, no, you're business! But you can't say it in that way, right? In today's video, we're going to answer a very, very important question. What's up, Philippines? Welcome back to another video here with your host, Nelly. I am super, super happy to see you smiley faces again. Today I am going to react to a video that is a lot of interesting for me as a solo traveler. Maybe you are a solo traveler as well, or maybe you're just interested in that kind of topic. And today I'm reacting to, is the Philippines safe for foreign women? I personally have been traveling with a partner in the past all over the Philippines, but now I am a solo female traveler. And things might be a little bit different. So yeah, I mean, so far, I felt safe, but let's see what the ladies have to say about this. What's your name? Alexandra. No, nice to meet you. Oh, I'm Max. My name is Victoria. Yes, my name is Alice. My name is Mia. Where are you from? I'm from Paris, France. How are you? Russia, Moscow. Russia, okay? Nice to meet you too. And where are you from? From Israel. Israel. From? From Russia, from Moscow. I'm from the country. Nice to meet you. I'm very happy. And where are you from? I'm from the States, Texas. Where are you guys from? We from Russia. We are from Stockholm. Coming from far away. And where are you guys from? From Vietnamese. Vietnamese. Philippines is safe for foreign women. I think it's safer than France, yes. Oh! Yes, way better than in Paris. Yeah. So, I'm just stopping right here. This is exactly the same thing that my friends say. I have a few friends in Paris as well. And they say, you cannot do certain things in Paris. It's way too dangerous and we had a few discussions about that. Do you think in Philippines you can walk alone here at night? Yes, I think it depends on the neighborhood. Yeah. Here, yes, in Makatou, I never had any problems. So, you've never had any negative experience like cat calling or somebody stalking you or something similar? Never. Never. Whereas in Paris, like every day, in the morning, in the night. Wow. In the night, so it felt quite nice to be here. That's crazy. So, it's safe for foreign women. If we look only on Manila, it's a BGC and Makatou. Do you think it's safe to walk at night here? In the BGC, yes. But in another place, I don't think so. Yeah. Yeah, I'm always very cautious about the neighborhoods that I'm in. Every city has its own neighborhoods where it's not so safe to walk around during night time. I personally go jogging at 9 p.m., 10 p.m. I have no problem whatsoever. No cat calling. Nobody following me. It's just a very, very safe neighborhood. Compared to Moscow, do you think it's safe for in BGC and Makatou? Compared to that place? Oh, yeah, it's a very nice place. Yeah. It's a very nice place. It is, yeah. Yeah, I want to go there someday. Yeah. So, do you think that the Philippines is safe for foreign women? Of course. It's a wonderful place, you know? I'm happy, and everybody here is very kind. Very nice. I love the place. I love the place. Do you think that it's safe to walk here alone at night, if you're a girl? Of course. I do this all the night. I walk in the place and walk, yes? So, you've never encountered any problem or a negative experience a cat calling or stalking? Nothing. Everything finds. Everything nice. Wow. Everything beautiful here. Do you think that the Philippines is safe for foreign women? I think that for example, the region is Makati. Yeah, Makati is a safety place. But for example, if I go to other places, other regions, it's maybe not safe for me, but maybe it's dangerous for me. I don't know. I'm not trying. Do you think that Makati is safer than Moscow? Uh, I think it's safe, I don't know. Moscow, it's not a very dangerous city. Maybe you sometimes walk. So, the question today. Okay, just stamping in right here. I remember walking in a park in Austria during night time and I felt very, very unsafe. I don't know what it is. It's just during evening time, it turns into like this creepy place where we had people hang out. There are no gods there, so I felt very hanged. Versus in the Philippines when you go to the park in the evening, their families there, their gods, there are like plenty people, it's enough light there, so it's kind of like a really nice nice place to be. Yes, do you think that the Philippines is safe for foreign women? I don't think BGC is. I've only been outside this area, but from where I've been, definitely feels safer than being in the States. So, do you think you can, for example, you can walk here at night alone? There's been some instances where my friends and I have on follow, but compared to my experience in the States, it feels a lot safer. Especially with the cars, it's all well lit. Can you elaborate a little bit on that bad experience to give out, maybe? Well, there's been two. Once my friend and I were, who was it? We were at this arcade and I noticed this guy had been kind of looking at my friend, who was obviously an older gentleman. No, he's an older man. And he ended up following us out, right? Following us for a few blocks, and then going out to my friend and having some children as he was, yeah. My biggest problem with that is she's clearly a minor and she had braces. And he kind of kept asking questions until I did something, so I brought him to my girlfriend. And he kind of backed off. No, the other one was, I was walking with my friend on high street, and this meant, he's two Roman. I'm in front of us and stop us, and ask us where we're going. Same instance, we pretend like we're going to our boyfriends house. Okay. Just close by because there was a party and we're supposed to meet them there. Yeah. And then I saw them that my location was on, because I tend to have me turn on my location when I go out, just a center procedure everywhere I go. That's smart, very smart. But after that they backed off. Right, that was a smart thing to do, very good thinking. Right. But in general, do you think it's... Yeah. In general, wherever you travel, please always be aware of what could happen, what could go wrong, especially we as female travelers. We encounter situations that might not be natural. You know, it's just like, it's not like, hey, how are you? Oh, where are you from? It's just like sometimes people just come straight and they're like, where are you going? And you're just like, no, no, you're business. But you can't say it in that way, right? So you just kind of like have to come up with something. And I think it's very smart that she said we're going to our boyfriend's house. That means somebody's waiting for us, somebody knows that we are on the way. And also, you are not having a chance here, so... Thank you so much, Sape. In those cases, we're just isolated. Well, considering how it been here for two years, those are the only two instances that I've really run into. Definitely think so. Thank you so much for sharing. Yeah, of course. So, the question today is, do you think that the Philippines is safe for foreign women? Yeah, I think some areas, like Makati or Bijasi, it's safe, but I believe in Kison City, this is not safe. Yes, we think it's just like, yes, sometimes. Harishu, Harishu. So you don't think that it's safe to walk there alone at night? In Kison, yes. But I think it's Makati, it's okay. We walk you there. We're not scared. What have you started about Kison? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. So the question today is, do you think that the Philippines is safe for foreign women? Safe? Yes. I heard about it before. This is not safe, I think. But, it right now it not have dangerous so, it's okay. So you guys don't think that the Philippines is that safe for foreign women to travel? Yeah. Oh, I saw some kind of videos in the internet, so maybe it's dangerous in the night. At the night, so I think the woman, if the woman get like, go to the cross, so it needs to be more than two people. Okay. Yeah, I see. How about you? You're the same thing. I heard it not say if I go somewhere along, you have to go to people or more and don't go along. So I think people have to say yourself, say myself. But have you had any bad experience here in the Philippines, like somebody stalking you or cat calling any negative experience here so far? No, no, not yes. That's good. Promise questions? Are you just visiting or you're living here? No, I'm living here for a moment. I'm doing an internship. Okay. And may I ask what that internship may be? It's a defensive chamber of commerce in the Philippines. How do you... Okay, so something that I try to avoid is to give away way I'm going or what I'm doing or just giving any sort of information. I also don't post my Instagram stories on real time because I just know that sometimes it can be a tricky thing and there are people out there who don't have good intentions either. So please be very cautious about details, about, you know, saying where exactly you live, where you work, where you're going. Keep it vague. Always keep it vague. I like the Philippines so far. I love it. I'm thinking of maybe going back to live here in a few years. So what do you think is the best part of living in the Philippines? The sleeping people are amazing. I agree. So really nice person. I think the nicest I've ever met. I agree. And the big first is that if you want to go out for a weekend, you can go on the island just like that. Yes. That's the beauty of the Philippines, right? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. What? It's so sharp. Sorry. I'm almost there. Okay, that's what I'm going to say. What do you guys like about the Philippines? I love about it. We were here for one week. Yeah. Right. And I like it. And I think she agrees with me that this weather is really nice because I was thinking about to leave somewhere where it's not cold. And it's warm here. And I like. Already planning to move to the Philippines. But we have no, not too much to say about this country because we're here for not for a long time. Yeah, probably. Maybe I think we can meet maybe after several months and say something more. Sure. A special bow show. Her surprising face was just like, I'm removing it for real. Two months. And now I walk here. And we live here. And this is one little place like the stay. Do you have any plans to maybe stay longer and potentially live here? Of course. Of course. We stay here. She's such a sunshine. I'm glad you're to speak with you. Yeah, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, girl. Thank you so much for your time. And you're just visiting or are you living here? I'm visiting, yeah. What do you love about the country? About Philippines? Right, yeah. I think it's, you have a very good weather because it's warm. In Moscow now it's snow and nice fruits. Comfortable place. I know about Makachev. And I think it's very good for life and for free in life. Special bow show. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. How long are you guys here for? How long are you guys here for? I'm already here three months, but I need to speak. I need to speak. Do you like the Philippines so far? Yes. Yeah, it's better when Jakarta is. Yeah, I think so. I think so. I think I'm missing the mistake. No one has any good things to say about Jakarta. Every day something new. Like what? Can you describe that? Like parties, like meetings, like interesting things, like work, job, yeah. So do you see yourself living here in the future? What? Do you guys see yourself living here? Why not? Why not? Yeah, right? Yeah. That's all. Special bow show. Thank you. Thank you. What are you guys doing here in the Philippines? Just vacation. Vacation. I'm in vacation. How do you guys like it so far? Oh, sorry. Can you hear me? Okay. How do you guys like the Philippines so far? Do you guys like it? And right now I have, I think I like here because they have a nice play. Yes. And you know, just vacation so I can relax. Go to eat, go to bed, shopping. Yes. So that's why we have to think about a few things. So much for your time and for participating in this interview. I really appreciate it. That's it. But you can tell them that's that flu in the English. Wow, okay. Good video. Very insightful. So you see it's not just me or other foreign bloggers saying good things about the Philippines. It is actually a place where I feel very, very safe. Specifically, and that's something that I have to point out everywhere that I travel to. I try to avoid bad neighborhoods. There are bad neighborhoods everywhere in the world. I mean, I lived in Miami as well. I'm specifically on Miami Beach. And I didn't consider it as safe, although it was one of the safest neighborhoods. So always keep an eye out for what is going on around you. Nevertheless, if it's one of the safest places in the world, I just wanted to point it out. And yeah, thank you so much for tuning in. I would like to hear your opinions about how you feel in the Philippines. Are you feeling safe? Did you have any encounters that were, I don't know, uncomfortable? Please feel free to share. They go to the bed and they ugly. And that was it for today. I hope you enjoyed it. Give it a thumbs up if you did. Subscribe and also check out my other channel, Nellie's Life, which is more about travel and lifestyle and good vibes. So I'll see you guys next time here on Wut's Up Philippines. Bye bye.