 3 One, two, three, four, five, I'll be the winner! Wow! Wow! Let's go, guys! Wow, look at that! Hi everyone! How are you guys? So, if you guys are doing well, so yeah, so today is the third to one of the summer and we are getting ready for New Year's Eve. As you can see guys, most of the Philippines we love to celebrate this special New Year's Eve like with the family. So yeah, so we are getting ready for that and we are doing a decoration like we're gonna put it below or something like that here and like a happy New Year. So, it's ready! Oh, New Year's Eve! Are you guys ready for the make noise? Yeah! They are ready to make noise, guys! Wow! Wow, look! So, the day's see doing the balloons! Yeah, come here! Balloon, balloon, balloons! I'm gonna have to go to the next one. I'm gonna have to go to the next one. I'm gonna have to go to the next one. I'm gonna have to go to the next one. I'm gonna have to go to the next one. I'm gonna have to go to the next one. I'm gonna have to go to the next one. I'm gonna have to go to the next one. I'm gonna have to go to the next one. But I leave it all behind. I've got a brand new light. When you're with me. I've got something I need to hide. Struck by lightning, you'll be glied. I'll keep swinging right across the sea. Don't stop dreaming all the way to be. I'm gonna have to go to the next one. I'm gonna have to go to the next one. Hi guys! So as you can see guys, I'm cooking. So I'm going to cook butter's name. And the next, I'm going to cook is this powdery. It is a Filipino dish. So yeah, it's actually guys. It's my first time to cook this powdery. I'm going to cook light because it's my first time. I just watched in YouTube how to cook beef powdery. So for now, I'm going to cook first butter's name. And the next is beef powdery. And then next is a wheat to make a macaroni salad. So I'm going to show you how it's cooked butter's name. So I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. And then I'm going to add some salt. So be careful! I'm gonna go home I wanna see you see the night I wanna see you see the night I wanna see you see I wanna dance with you I wanna dance with you I wanna dance with you I love it dance, we see I love it dance, we see I love it dance, we see I love it dance, we see I love it dance, we see I love it dance, we see I love it dance, we see I love it dance, we see I love it dance, we see dance, we see I love it dance dance, we see I love it dance I love it dance, we see I love it dance, we see I love it dance, we see I love it danced, we see I love it dance, we see I love it dance, we see Whitin my I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio. I'm gonna have to go back to the studio.