 I just burst out in tears. Filipino ads always hit close to the heart. So that makes it extra, extra, extra emotional. Welcome to the Filipino Christmas series on What's Up Philippines? Hey guys, I'm Mike and I'm Nelly and we are two travel food and lifestyle vlog is based here in the beautiful city of Makati in the Philippines and today we are reacting to Philippines Christmas commercials and guys the last one the last video that we did was already super, super emotional and it's I don't know it's really hard to swallow. So yeah we are in Christmas mood already I hope you are too we're going to set up our Christmas stream very very soon you will see it in these videos so very very soon today. So subscribe for more Christmas content from the Philippines as well. Make sure to check out our main channel making it happen vlog which is linked right here and also we have a Christmas video series we filmed several Christmas videos here in the Philippines last year. It was the best Christmas of our lives. So that playlist is linked in the description down below but without further ado let's jump into this video. Okay first one we're going to react to is Google Philippines Miss Nothing. You give me hope the strength will to keep on no one else can make me feel this way. So far away and only you can bring out all the best I can do. I believe you turn the tide and make me feel real good inside. You pushed me up when I'm about to give up you're on my side when no one seems to listen and if you go you know the tears can't help but show. No that's how I call this song. So close. Then suddenly the madness starts It's your smile, your face, your lips that I miss Those sweet little eyes that stare at me and make me say I'm with you through all the way Cause it's you who feels the emptiness in me It changes everything you see When I know I've got you with me Cute Nice ad It's about staying connected and it's nice But I'm very looking forward to the next one Which is Coca-Cola Coca-Cola Okay, expectation None I don't know what to say My expectation is kind of, I don't know So here's the thing, Christmas ads in Austria are so different from Christmas ads here in the Philippines So what we saw when we were younger is completely different than what you are used to So for us reacting to these commercials is something very extra and very... I think a lot of the commercials here in the Philippines are trimmed towards how the people are in the country The pianos are very emotional, very family oriented And so the whole commercial is more around the people, the human interactions Whereas in the West it's more about product and the food and that kind of stuff Yeah, in talking of Coca-Cola the ad that I know is where the Christmas track talks into town And everybody's like, look at that Christmas track Yeah! So that's the one that I have in mind, it's not Santa Claus coming on this Oh, have I not come? Okay, ready? Yes Oh, I need glasses Well, we celebrate the happiest time of the year there are people who signify us and walk tirelessly to make the season special Oh, yeah, I'm all see, you're all right During Christmas season it's very good because the gift wrap is really good I just want to say that the gift wrap is not too much as it is because it's a gift wrap of a different day So it's a closing time because it's late, it's late now Instead of the time of the parents, my brother and I have no choice And to take care of my sister some medicine And I need more work yet because I'm gonna miss dad It's also good to see other parents who are happy That's good. You see, I'm getting aán to resign to my son-in-law too. I could create a paradise without him. He is a type of, a man that I can't find out. He doesn't have that인지. My family and family are bumper-dies. Think that he is a pure cancerous kid. I've been working here for a long time. I've been working here for a long time. I've been working here for a long time. Thanks, husband... Honey, I love tienecras gars, they've ask me something Buddy, you agin't a drink. My Queen is learning Arabic useless всё, it's so tiny, like but not so much S In deep from eer gal ParasAri Oh! Merry Christmas! The mine order book, well actually it's not for me. It's for you and your family! And hello! Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas! Such a good ad! Merry Christmas! Oh my god! I think every time when the topic family comes up I just burst out in tears because due to the pandemic right now we're not able to see our family like everybody. So that makes it extra extra extra emotional. Yeah! Plus Filipino ads always hit close to the heart. Yeah! Wow! So I know how these people must feel to a certain extent. Working on Christmas time is really really tough. I used to work several jobs when I was younger during Christmas time and it's madness! It is madness! It's you cannot believe the amount of stress that you exposed to and yeah it's just you go home, you're tired, you exhausted, you sleep, you wake up, you work again and that's it. Yeah! Wow! Oh my god! Guys if you enjoyed this video give it a big fat thumbs up. More Christmas videos are coming your way so make sure to subscribe and hit the notification bell and check out our Instagrams and send us a message what you would like us to react to. Right? Okay but that was it for today. That's it for today yeah. We'll see you next time on What's Up Philippines! Bye!