 But you're Friday. The freshest. Okay, we're back with more TikToks! We're aflipino TikToks this time, Kids Edition. Yeah! So it's been very requested in the last one and since the previous you can't skip enjoying this stuff so so do I. So we're back for more. Attacking Baleska on TikTok and on Instagram to your favorite TikToks or stuff like that stuff like that. If you like to check for us to check out those TikToks, make sure you tag Baleska at WLSK15, both on Reels and TikTok. Let's start with the first one. What the? Oh shit. Oh shit. I'm sure that it's very famous. It has 180,000 likes. I'm sure that it's very famous. I'm sure that it's very famous. I'm sure that it's very famous. I'm sure that it is very famous. It has 180,000 likes. Yes, I think it must have like millions. Poppies, a kid and a... Well I would imagine. It's not a stranger. Probably the mother looking through the window. It was likely. Yes, I would hope. Not a random. It'd be a neighbor. Yeah, even though if someone was belting like in my house, in this neighborhood, everyone would sort of pop out of this. Definitely, everybody would pop out of this. Oh, the gossip would begin. Absolutely. Who's shouting out there? You'll start being the talk of the town in the neighborhood watch. For instance. Not for the good reasons either though. No. Bangara koangi bingang. Child, the dish. Oh, same. Oh, even. Like a saviour. I'm going to show you a lesson. Sampo. Bro. Oh, yes. What does that healthy singa? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't get you dog. Yeah. What the f***? Who is that man? I don't know. He turned into a kid from a man to a girl. What the f***? Maybe I'm being deceived and you're guy deceived me, but I thought that was a child. But that voice is too mature to be a child. No, I think it's like a teenage. They could've been a teenage, right? Yeah, they fooled us. I think we're being troddy. We're being troddy. The whole grown-ass man. The whole thing would come only. Did you hear that modulation? That freaking control? Gosh, and this version was elite though. Yeah, it's very healthy singa. It's got a very cool love. It's got a very cool love. It's got a very elite, very clean sort of projection. And you know, it's understandable. The certain decisions are made and some others are not. That's what happens when you sort of get a Regina Velasquez song. I mean, we were sort of victim to that. The more he said, the more he said, also covered this song and made it very popular again. Can we pop it out again? Yeah. Okay, I got some real cute now. You want to see some real cute? Yes, I see he's wearing... What do you call that? A pinhead. Those are pins, yeah. Yeah, pinheads. Like a pinhead. For bowling. Give me your... A... A... A... Give me your... That's bitch perfect. What a baby. Do you remember that kid? That kid that went over to Ellen. And he's like, eh... I hope he buys you flowers. Oh yeah. I hope he pulls your hand. I hope he pulls your hand. It's very good. Do the game or not Mike, what the fuck? Let's go kid. Well done. Let's go kid. What's his name? I don't know. I don't know what his name is. Holy... ...Pamang... Wac- How far you're from Fabio, that's his name. Holy Wac-am-Oli. What? 624,000 bloody likes. I guess that went viral. Jesus Christ! If you had any doubt, I think that's the definition of viral. Someone said his moon is better than mine. I love it. Look at that comments. They're innocent tones. Well, he's not gonna be devil. He's very evilish. He has the best voice. Oh my God, he can sing. You can sing. Can you sing the whole song to... So adorable. Yeah, that is adorable. Look at him. Just look. What are we getting? You're having a glass. It's a little bit fun. He's so ready. Look at him. He's so ready. And the mom's actually good singer. Oh my God. And then he dances. Look at him dancing. He loves you. He's so true. Oh, these hoes. These places so bizarre. Well done, but be good. These bloody places so bizarre. Who would have thought they would be a country in the world? They're so funny because he's like a meme. I didn't know he's actually generally a meme. It's extremely a meme. Because you guys tag us on a lot of stuff. Well, they don't tag me because I don't use it. I forgot my password. So how unrecited it? Yeah. But you tag by the way, like memes and stuff. And it's like... One of them is like... The Filipino guy. I think you have it. You say it. Imagine you're getting serenaded by... In school by a Filipino boy. It's the last of you. It's hilarious. You're gonna watch it. You're gonna watch it. You're gonna hear it. Don't you worry. Okay, but this is insane though. This is like a show, like a theater show, type of thing. But this kid.urenund.webs im Cocoa Will Do Whoa. Whoa. I gotta do This kid is a star bro. So good! He is so good. Broadway giving my role. That kid is a star. He is fantastic. His actual vocal timality is for a child is so well settled. There is like a grounding to it all that it's actually quite scary to watch in a kid. It's quite intimidating. It really is. But he's got exactly what he needs for contemporary musical theater singing because you don't see that often. So when you start training a kid in like musical theater, more often the nod becomes really theatrical and then you lose the contemporary edge to it and they find it quite hard to find that pop-like sounding vocal quality. But obviously this generation is growing up with the contemporary musical musicals. Like the greatest showmen. Yes, so you get more contemporary like sounding vocalists. Haske Musical, like the series, not because probably that kid doesn't know there's that guy from one. I don't know. He probably knows there Olivia Rodrigo one. He promos likely. That's so crazy. There was a kid and he was talking about Haske Musical with just in London, so walking and then he was saying it and then I was like wow that kid is talking about Haske Musical. With Olivia Rodrigo has that musical. That ain't it dog. If he's not Vanessa Hodgons, you know what I mean? Gabriela Montes, that shit ain't it. You know what I mean? It's not like Efron, but you know to each their own don't judge the previous generation or the future one. Because that series is straight garbage. But anyway. Well again you watched it when you're 20. If you're watching it when you're 10, that's the shit. Did I like Olivia Rodrigo? For that, that series is straight garbage. It's not dramatic. It's not dramatic. It's rubbish coming. Woohoo! It's red for 12. Oh no! Oh my God! She's made men for theater. Oh no, I'm gonna cry. That kid was meant for theater. Oh no, shut the front door. That kid was meant for theater. That show is his. Nobody can take that away from him though. I have a question. Who is Adrian? Adrian Matthew Scalona. I have a question. What who is right now? The next prodigy in theater in the Philippines. If anyone knows. Great question. Someone's assigned the Torres was very promising, but she's no longer a baby. She's an angel. Taran Spanto's no longer them, but he's a man now. You know what I mean? San Concepcion when he was younger, he's a grown-ass man now. So I'm interested in knowing what the next generation sort of is. That's true. It is always intriguing. Or maybe next generation just in singing. What are these young fellas? You saw the Elanim first. The Zakkaboo duos, the Juan Carlos. And I guess maybe because you haven't had the voice. The kids. The voice kids. The voice kids. The voice of the kids. The kids of the voice. Yeah, you haven't had that in a while. So I don't know if perhaps there's anything in like big push for any new generation. I don't know either, but yeah, definitely. Okay, so this one is actually pretty viral too. This has three million likes. What the f***! Adam! I love baby, I'm me. Go with it, I'm the baby. I was too young. I'm gonna choose to be the roundest. I don't know how to choose. I've got to move my hand. I've got to move my hand. Move my hand. Oh no! I love it back. The beginning is holding the hand to someone. You know, they're coming for you. And then she just grows into that. And it's all interesting as well. She's so pitch accurate though. It's all interesting as well. Because you know, one of the tricks you learn as you grow old days, it makes me as a drummer, even as a drummer or percussionist. You learn that you can maintain rhythm with your body. And without having to play anything, just to sort of maintain things going. And that's why people learn this as well. So grow older, they dance, they just live. It's a very healthy singer though. Yeah, yeah. So she sort of, I don't know, she's sort of been able to learn all these things. There's quite intricate principles, but because she sort of sings and she just likes it. People obviously encourage her to sing in her home. And that's the best way possible. She sort of figured all this stuff out. You know, she's obviously a bit nervous. She's a bit, you know, but it's just, she's just shined. She's so crazy. You see, it's like these little kids. It's sort of, I don't know, bizarre. It's like, they sort of remind you of like, what's good in the world? You can't look at that video and not think it's like, you can't think, oh, we're all screwed. Oh no, they think you... They think humanity restored. They think hope, you think God. Everything is so messed up at the moment and things are rough. And you know, look, she may not have the best TV ever. You know, she may not have the best clothes ever. But God, that gives you hope. Perhaps someone, you know, she could change her futures. She could change her family's life. That's just so... I know. It's proper, like, it hits you proper, but what politically? Oh, sorry. I have that level. I'm not fighting it. It's the only baby of me. Go away, the only baby. That's ridiculously impressive, though. You know how hard those singing phrases and just like... Obviously, just reproducing what she heard. Like, there's no technique, there is no... There's no smoke, and mirrors, there's nothing. This is just what I find so incredible about young kids that can do this stuff, that they listen and reproduce so perfectly to the pitch itself. There is no background music, there is no way to tell what type of tempo. There is a lot of nerves of play, and there's just such an effortless clean tonality, and absolute fantastic accuracy to the point where she is comfortable in the singing phrase, but she's afraid of the performing aspect of it, not the singing. Not the singing, yeah. How crazy is that? Wow, dude. Tomeja. I give love and diga. She's so cute. Wanna say God bless her Spanish? Oh, yes I did. So, now we're... Oh, beautiful, beautiful girl man! It's such an endearing video, it really ignites the best of you. Someone said goosebumps, who's cutting onions? Oh, look. Look at this, okay, so if you... That is a small human. That is very small, but if you think that we grew up in theater, right? That is a small human. It's very small. That's like, beyond small. How does it even know how to talk? Wait, wait, and... This adorable clip of a two-year-old child singing, the Disney hit song, A whole new world, no one can say that sentence without doing, A whole new world. Oh, yes it is. Anyway, it's from her mother's laptop, just one, the heart of netizens. What was that mean? It's like, audience online. That's... Wow. Even, and Leas Longas, seal of approval. Watch it. I can tell you the world. Simon and Simon is playing the world. When they think that the world that grew less, like you hope to see. I can open you eyes. Dude. Thank you, wonderful, wonderful, perfect, special, wonderful, wonderful. I know that you can put one, a whole new world. I'm in the same place, I know for you. But the world that goes through here, I know why I'm in the whole world. Now I know, for you, I'm a little closer. That is brutal to watch. Your heart just... I so, so, so, dude. See, watch it. Beautiful. No, like tear up and stuff, that is mental. I'm just baffled by the actual accuracy in which a two-year-old is able to... Yeah, no, and the accuracy in which the... They're all mumble, jumbled. But the fact that she knows phrases, that's why... She knows the journey of the phrasing, at least. No, and towards the end here. She was like doing the layering of the two singers and going to the higher part of the song. Yeah. How many times has she heard this, right? Well, I remember when you were a child, mother and father always have this story of when you were young, that you would always watch this movie called... The Aristocats. Right, and you sort of... You would watch it hundreds of times. I did. I don't think I ever had a movie like that when I was so small. I have movies like that now. But I'd imagine sort of like that to her, but... Yeah, she sort of watched it millions of times. But you know what I find... It's become part of us. You know what I find fascinating though? That a two-year-old actually even... It's able to even modulate... Copy the modulation of the mouth and how precise it is to certain vowels and how to... Shift the larynx to create a darker tone. That to me it's unreal because... What the hell, how... Right, and where is she seeing it? Maybe she has seen perhaps her mother sing it and she overmodulates or stimulates them... Because in the cartoon... It don't really modulate that. Infosite, obviously. Da. Maybe is the animated, like the actual live version, like action movie. The one with Will Smith. That's right. Maybe in that version you can see the actual physical mouth modulation. I will have to go back to that. I've never actually paid attention to that until Niley has said it. I don't know if in those caricatures or things... I don't think it's like that. At least maybe she'll do like that at least. Yeah, but I don't think it's that emphasized. And if you pay attention to how she is actually modulating her mouth... It is a squalable feeling. So I'll hang out with the... Sorry, dumpling. Sorry, dumpling. Sorry, dumpling. I think you're just hungry kid. She cut back a lot of hair. See, that's really interesting to me. How does she know that world... To make it louder, you can actually modulate your jaw. Where is she seeing this stuff from? That's nuts. It is men's voice. It is crazy. I don't know why that video makes me tear up. But that is a brutal video to watch. It is a horrible. I don't cry. Incredible. I mean, I've seen the channel. Over 3,000 videos. I don't cry. It's very easily at least. There's a couple of movies that do make me... They do punch me in the gut and then twist my... Hort a little bit. Yes, I was going to say another thing. But it's a charged video. So I shouldn't use such... Hort. Yes, hort. The strings of my heart. Pull them out of that. And then he makes me cry. But with this type of videos, and I've made a couple, especially from the Philippines, it's just... Because it's such a harsh... I don't know. Everyone is trying to live their life, right? Life is rough enough. Everyone is trying to figure it out and stuff. And then you see a kid do this. And... Ah, dude. It's just... It's like, yeah, it expelks that kind of feeling of... That's what being human is. You know that? That's what we all lost. Because we grew up. And then we lost a sense of wonder. And we lost a sense of... Of just singing for the sake of singing. And I think that's what the Philippines always reminds me of. It's like, God, he's like, I don't fucking know. All right, fuck. God, the video here! It's such a beautiful effect, though. No, I think it's beautiful. It's going back to the origins of being human. It's such a... Because it's so natural for kids. They do this as emulating whatever they like the most. Or because it simply brings them joy. This is the maximum expression of joy for them, right? So there's an undeniable factor that this is perhaps the happiest version of that kid. And it has now been immortalized in that beautiful video, you know? You lose this stuff when you grow older. It's so crazy. Everything becomes so serious. And everything has a task. There's another song that says, oh, everybody's got something to sell. And they're not here for the joy. There's no longer any heroes left in that story as you grow older. That's right. All your heroes become muddled. It's all murky waters now. You see that that's purity right there. That's the kid who believes. He believed himself. Anyways, next video, bro. I don't know what you're trying to achieve with this bloody record. It's adorable. Oh, they're practicing. Yeah, another practice, yeah. Yeah, but here you can see signs of coaching. Oh, 100%. Here you can see clear signs of coaching. It's very obvious even though the tilting of the larynx is starting to be something natural. So it's starting to find a little bit more of that natural effect. And obviously they're also playing with that whole idea of modulate. And that's what I'm trying to say. It's fine, a little bit more of that natural effect. And obviously they're also playing with that whole idea of modulation and texture. And it's just not a straight belt, but how you get to the belt. There's different techniques that play here. And this is the really moldable stage for kids. This is the moment where these techniques that are really complicated to explain for a grown-up become second nature to them. So you have to integrate them really quickly. So everyone in that home, they... They all say professionally. Like to a good stand. I mean, I don't know if what they do for a living, but certainly they could do that to that high standard. And it's always interesting to see their coaching then to sort of a young fellow, a young girl, a young boy, to see what happens and how they interpret that information and put it into place. I'm pretty sure everyone has gone through that where mom and dad sort of sit you down and they're trying to teach you something. Yes. It could be math, it could be playing the drums, it could be singing, it could be catching, it could be throwing. But it's always interesting how different kids. And if you maybe I know some people watching our teachers or all kinds. And if you've worked with kids, you figure out that... Or every kid has a eureka moment. They do. And it clicks in different ways. Like there's different things and different explanations that might actually come through and stick to the child in different ways. Yeah, it's really cool. Last one, okay, so the last one we got is a POV, right? He's got the blue tick, which means he's important. Had another one. Had another name session. The next one works. Oh, his brother. And the echo on the guitar. It's the same. It's the same. It's the same. It's the same. It's the same. The other one. God, don't you? Who is this guy? I'm a voice, I know. I can't hear you. Okay, that's side yo. That's side yo hit different. That is the perfect one. I got a... I got a... I got a... I agree with the comments here, like Philippine or Jin's and it's fine. Oh, it's fine. I like this guy. I gotta say, that's the perfect way to close the show. I don't know if he's a kid. I don't know if he's a grown up. I think it's like he must be like a lazy teacher. He's like a lazy teacher, so we're gonna count it as a kid. However, I love this. But that's the perfect way to close the show, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for watching another episode. Bro, go through singing faster, faster. Come on, bro. Thank you for watching, ladies and gentlemen. By the way, do keep tagging Baleska at WLSK15 on TikTok and on Instagram, and we'll be doing a lot of stuff. And enjoy our friend, Grant Perish.