 What's the do family welcome back to the Riddish Action Channel and YouTube is your boy Sean and we here with another Bank of Figure out May so look. We got Cabo Cajon Sabahan in Pinoy Funny Laptric Compilation. Basically I probably say that completely wrong translates to Flood of Pinoy Funny Compilation so it's basically I guess it's either a flood or like a typhoon type of situate months monsoon typhoon flood something going on but it's just gonna be a Filipino Filipino people just doing some crazy shit while there's a typhoon going on in the Philippines. We gonna run this one up right here man. You guys have sent me a lot of reaction. My biggest videos is the Filipino singers video. It's my biggest video I got. You guys have sent me a lot of videos to react to and I haven't really been getting to them but I'm finally gonna start getting to some of these videos you guys been asking me for. I've been getting this one a lot lately so we're gonna run this one up right here if you guys got more you know what to do let me know in the comments get at me on my Instagram and on Twitter. Let's run it up. Yeah they get it. They bartending brews in bowls in the middle of a fucking monsoon a typhoon a flood what the hell. We're all going on his little swim down the street. They pouring up brews giving them to the passerby for free. Sliding them through the water this is crazy. If there's a bar somewhere they need to hire that person. They need to hire that person. They got skills that goes beyond transactional. They transformational. Transformational bartender right there. Come on man. Oh put the cup. we gonna go to a learn oh w w mens am put it anybody beep oh im happy How are you? I'm good I dont know if this is sadshaped I'm like, it's Laura's dog. I'm like, I like... Something tells me I shouldn't be laughing at another this. Like, I'm sorry, something's telling me like, bro, this is not fun, bro. Like... These people's houses are filled with water. Like, this is not okay. But as long as you're cool with it, I'm cool with it. You know, so I'm a laugh, but just know, I just want you all to know on the inside. Like really on the inside I'm like fuck this is fucked up, but I'm laughing though. You know what I'm saying? I just got to let y'all know that before I get the comments Are you so in since the T. Y. You're saying fuck it's not funny But it is you know what I'm saying so Storn that out there for y'all Bro is chilling in the water Slorical W man Hey You are going in,whisper Yay! I don't even know what you're doing. Bro looks like a dead body floating in the water. This shit, I don't even know what to say bro. I'm out of loss of words. I'm honest yeah I lost words. Just as much as I was in the singing video. That's crazy. I didn't know. I'm out of my mind. I'm out of my mind. I'm out of my mind. Bro, I'm out of my mind. You're out of your mind? There's no way this is helping. Number 4, Bandaling Shilo of University of Santa Tama. Go Shilo! They host them. They host them. They host them. Cretion. Your mark. They got the floaties. It's a family reunion and they all got floaties bro. It's a family reunion. They all rock in the floaties bro. Every whole gang got floaties. They got the vessel, they got the rings. They got the noodles, they got everything. They got the water. You're not going to eat that. I don't know. I don't know. They throw an array of in the middle of the street. Under in the water. They in the pool in the middle of the street throwing an array with floaties, life vests and hard hats on. That looks like a basketball hoop. I feel like I'm in like the twilight zone or something. I'm in the water. I am. In. In. I am. They jumping off the roots bro. Does this happen often? Like you know what I'm saying? Like the people of the Philippines just kind of used to this. And so that's why this is the vibes we getting right now. Like somebody got to update me in the comments. Like I'm just like what? I'm like what? I love the fact that they making a fun time out of a bad. I mean I love the fact that they're making like an enjoyable time, having fun, even in a bad situation. You know what I mean? I love that. They're making the best out of it because you can't stop the rain. You can't stop the rain. It's going to come. You can't stop the flooded. So you might as well at least enjoy yourself while you're there. You know what I mean? So I do respect that. But somebody got to keep me updated in the comments. Like this is always happy and that's why the vibes are like that. Like what's going on? Oh my god. Who did? What the hell ya? What the hell? Ready? Ready? Set? Go! They're not even swimming in doing the worm. What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? Bro, it's not moving. Are you surfing? It's not moving. Bro. He got a nice though. These are the rivers. Because we don't have to swim here. and obviously it was through the Halic Empire that the G가 Helle's that's all so that's it Can we come here for a moment? los troublesome the front onto the back What Hey y'all different y'all different Remember on the Filipino singers video I said there's something in the water I Figured out what's in the water is y'all y'all in the water Remember go back to the Filipino that went viral singing video. It's my top video got like 800,000 views Go watch that video and watch go find a part where I say what is in the goddamn water? And guess what I just found out is y'all y'all is in the water y'all in the water Y'all are literally in the water. That's what's in the water is y'all And that's why y'all sing like that y'all sing like that because y'all in the water I Just got I just I just realized that because of this video right here That the reason you're seeing like that because something in the water was in the water is y'all Wow It's a whole typhoon going on in the city and There is a crowd of people that's at that's there just to watch people jump into the water That's different, right? That's a different Oh That's my kind of Anyways, that was Philippines. I was during a typhoon flood, monsoon whatever you want to call it man crazy video Y'all definitely built different, but I also do appreciate the fact you find you know the best situation You find the best out of a bad situation And I found I was in the water is y'all so that was it. I'm glad I did that video Send me some more videos to react to make sure you go like the button hit the like button subscribe all that Guest of man love y'all appreciate you all remember to keep it real wheels railroiers reaches everyone. See y'all next time. Hey