 In this video, wau yung from? Ay wau ikos. Tam ko maroono nantagala, pero nyo ko magaling, pero ko ko renalaro. I'll be asking a group of black people on what is like being black in the Philippines in 2023. Being black in 2023 is my first thing I enter in the chip. Yeah, I saw some people like carving their nose. People were really, really, really friendly. Like I am a celebrity or something like that. People wanna come here especially just, they wanna touch my hair. By them seeing you from from far without getting closer to you, people can deviate already from their way. If you're here for the first time, I would appreciate if you subscribe and share the video with the whole band guy. Let's go straight to the video. I'm here with? PL and I've been a Philippine for nearly 14 years. 14 years? Yes. Wow, and where you from? Angola. Oh, okay, Angola. So I won't take that much of your time. The question of the day is what is like being black in the Philippines in 2023? Being black in 2023 is way different than being black in 2020. Because right now people in the Philippines have a different vision and perception of what black people are. And just because they now are more open to mingle with black people unlike before when they arrive in the Philippines. What's your name? Mikaela. Were you from? Angola. How long have you been in the Philippines? I've been here for already nine years, nine years already. What is like being black in the Philippines in 2023? But definitely much better than before. From the time that I came, it was harder because I think not many people were used to it. But now, I think people are much friendly. They approached me so nice. Well, and I really appreciate it. I'm comfortable. Yeah, I'm comfortable actually staying here much better than before. Let's say eight years ago. What's your name? My name is Idris. Were you from? You mean the country? Yeah. I very much. How long have you been in the Philippines? Five years now? Five years. Yeah. Okay, so the question of the day is what is like being black in the Philippines in 2023? In 2023 being black in the Philippines. So I think for now, I mean currently people are accepting the fact that being black is like okay. Because before it was something like they don't really know about black people because there are like few black people here in the Philippines. I think especially here in the Philippines, right? In general, in Asia, they are accepting now the fact that black people are okay. And they are more friendly now. I think, yeah, they are more friendly. And we can see many people like many mixed couple now and mixed child. And yeah, I think everywhere now in the team, like captain, anywhere like everywhere in the Philippines now, you can see black people everywhere, like working and their life are okay now. So, especially now in 2023, I think every, I think going to be nice, okay, soon. After five years, I think. What's your name? My name is Samira. Were you from? I was in Costa. How long have you been in the Philippines? Three years ago now. Okay. What is like being black in the Philippines in 2023? In my experience, when I was here, it was before. But I was here for my system, my reach and just vacation. And after that, I tried to say, but let me try to do a job, like to do it best for me. So after that, I was on the coast. I don't want here no work, no job. So I stayed like that, it was very difficult because I don't speak English and I don't anybody, only my sister. So I try my best and when the call was coming down, yes. So I try my interview and I have a job. But, the Philippines is very good. We have a nice person here. The Philippine people is friendly. He is very friendly also. So Philippine is very good. Amir with? Ok, ladies. For how long you been in the Philippines? It's about six years now, six to seven. Six to seven. I'm pretty sure you have a lot of experience right now. So can you tell us what is like being black in the Philippines in 2023? Well, it's actually, it's an amazing experience, you know, because I've been here for not quite long, but just a little while. But it's an amazing experience because you're able to experience Amir. You're able to have a lot of experience, you know, positive and negative, especially as a black person. You encounter a lot of racism. Actually, when I arrived here, when I, my first thing I entered in the cheap, I saw some people like covering their nose, I already observed, actually I already knew that's the sort of racism. But through the years and time was going on, time was going on, I have actually, I am what used to it, you know, but 2023, I can say that I got used to it and actually became so normal and it's been a great experience. What are some zero-type that the Filipino have on black people and where do you think it comes from? Yeah, first of all, is that the perception that a lot of the Philippines have towards black people. It is for the fact of them thinking that in Africa, I mean, start by Africa itself. Some of them think that Africa is a country itself. When in fact, Africa is a continent on which contains 54 countries. And that is the first one. When they talk about Africa, they say that Africa in general, they cannot distinguish with from Angola, with from Ghana, with from Cameroon. They do not have that distinguish as what we have. Like us, Angola is as well. When we come to the Philippines, we think that every bad that comes from Asia and goes to Africa, to Angola, for us, you're Chinese. That's how we see you. And they also think that Africans are good with basketball. As long as you're Africa, you get the heights, they see as a basketball. They don't think about you being a football player anymore. Second least, them thinking about you being a basketball player. When they see you, they want to throw your balls in, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, call your attention. And also, yeah, it's one of those that I see here on the Philippines. What are some of the stereotypes that Filipino have on Black people and where do you think it comes from? Well, they usually see Black people, I mean, yeah, of course, from TV, from America, and they see many things like Black people are normally strong. I think many people, when Filipinos actually, when they see me, they think I'm a Black American or something like that. And yeah, they ask where I am, where I am from. They don't usually know my country, but I take the time to educate them when I come from America and from Angola. But usually they think that I'm a Black American. Yeah. But they are very friendly and they ask me a lot of questions. I'm pretty much open to answer their questions. Do you think the perception I have changed through all the years that you have been here? I'll say yeah, because I have a lot of Filipino friends, female and male. I can say that with my academic years or so, I can say that it really changed. I became more friendly and they became more friendly. I can, yeah, change. You mentioned you have been here for 14 years, right? That's right. Okay. For all these years that you have been going through here in the Philippines, have you ever encountered racism in the Philippines? Yes. Racism. Just by them seeing you from far without getting closer to you, people can deviate already from their way. And even some people when they see you in the bus, that was years ago, a long ago, but now things are way way different and better. Because you see more Filipinos, mainland with Africans, black people especially. But I believe that this kind of racism is mainly when you're black coming from Africa. Black people coming from America. Any negative experience that you had in the Philippines, have you ever experienced racism in the Philippines? Not yet. It's good because I have a daughter, so I have a daughter she has eight months. So this is my best, what is your last experience? Yes, in the Philippines. So I think the positive side of the Philippines is you having your daughter here in the Philippines. I'm working also and I have my life, I have my small family. So which one do you enjoy in the Philippines? Yes, I enjoy. Have you ever experienced racism in the Philippines? Yeah, actually. Yeah. But not in every places, but in some rural area mostly, but not really in the city. But in the rural areas, they call some names. They call me some names, but they do some weird actions to me. But normally in the city, I'm free to walk. No one really approaches me in the wrong way. But just like before, since I'm here for nine years already, it was mostly in the beginning of my journey here in the Philippines. But as of now, I'm proud to say that I'm really much comfortable. I don't really experience much of racism right now, especially in the city. You have shared about your experience in the Philippines. Do you have any positive experience because of being black in the Philippines? Being black in the Philippines. You mean a good experience? Yeah, good experience. Yeah, of course. Good thing is, Filipino always want to know what's... I mean, everything about black people. So of course, I mean, the good experience that I have here is... Even for the first time, people were really, really, really friendly. Because of one Filipino I decided to actually stay here in the Philippines. Because it was really, really friendly. So I think till now, I had really... I mean, many good experience, many, many good experience. Everywhere, from work, from like... Even outside, when we have out, outing, things, you know... People are so nice outside. I think till now, Filipin is, you know, I have everyday good experience, actually. Thanks so much for your time. I really appreciate it and have a good day, man. Thank you so much, I appreciate it, bro. Besides the negative side, I mean, do you have any good experience, any positive experience in the Philippines because of being black? Yeah, I can say that, yeah. Because usually, whenever you go to some places, you know... I see that as a good... Actually, there's a positive way. Because they think you're a liberal champ, they think you're a liberal champ, and things like that. So actually, it's a good experience, you know, because you're able to talk to people, you know... Teaching each other like a lot of things, especially cultural references. Yeah, so that's actually... Do you know any word in Tagalog? Can you say anything in Tagalog? Actually, I know some... I know few, Salamat, Maganda Halpon, Maganda Gabi, Maganda... Umaga, Sige is the most famous... Actually, some are amazing, para... Actually, this is few. I really appreciate it for your time, I just want to say thank you so much and enjoy the game. Thank you so much, man. Thank you, man. What's the national about the negative side? Can you tell us any positive side of being black in the Philippines? Yes, actually. It feels like I'm a celebrity or something like that. People wanna come here, especially, just want to touch my hair. Yeah, and then they ask me if I'm famous, actually, but I'm just a regular girl, you know. But yeah, it's... I feel spacious sometimes, I feel spacious. They make me very spacious. Every place is like, go, they approach me so kindly, and then they are friendly. They're really from the end of the world, it's spacious. They give me free stuff sometimes. I love it. Yeah. Okay. Thank you so much for your time and I really appreciate it. Have a good day. We have talked about the negative side. What I mean, can you also share any positive side about being black in the Philippines? Being black in the Philippines is a blessing. It's a lot of people trust to use this year. They believe that black people, they have strength. And black people, they have thick, kind of mindset, whatever they have, whatever they have in their mind, they're gonna throw that to you. It's gonna hurt to you, but black people, they're also soft. They're not topologized. They're kind, the generous. They're here not just in the front of the country, not just to learn, but also to share their culture and also learn the Philippines culture. That's why you see a lot of people now speaking Tagalog in the country. Okay. Since you mentioned about Tagalog, can you say anything in Tagalog? Yeah. I don't know how to say it, but I'm just going to speak in English. Please guys, let me know what he said on the comments below. Thank you so much and I appreciate for your time. Okay, man. Thank you. And any message to the people there, to the Philippine people there? Like, thank you. Thank you to everybody. We assist me. Thank you to everybody because it was very difficult for me. Because when I was here, I lost my mood. Sorry about that. Thank you. So it was very difficult. What I say thank you to everybody, to to be, to be good for me. Okay. Thank you so much and I appreciate for your time. Bye bye. I hope you guys enjoyed the video. As I talk to some of my brothers, for them to share about the experience here in the Philippines. There's no room for racism anywhere in the world. Just want to say, thank you so much to all of you and for your support as well. See you guys on the next video. I'm gone.