 We are going to eat Filipino breakfast. And this is something that I never tried before. At least half of these dishes here, I have never tried. So what we have today on our table, tomato, orange, eggs, tuyo, dillies, saggingo, and we have a lot of ingredients. So we are going to make a little bit of the sauce. We are going to make a little bit of the sauce. And we are going to make a little bit of the sauce. We have eggs, tuyo, dillies, saggingo, samba, and three different types of sausage. Also we have fried rice with garlic. That will be my main course for this morning. Also I have seen guys that you leave in a lot of comments and thank you for that as well. I have seen that some of you mentioned in different types of food that I have to try. Definitely I will do that because that is for what my channel is created. So don't forget to subscribe. Like this video and wait for another one. And definitely maybe next one will be including the dish that you mentioned in the comments. So no one knows, at least for now. So let's start. For the first time I learned about Asian cuisine, it was maybe around six to seven years ago. And one of the best things I believe here is the fried rice. Because this is one of my favorite type of rice. I do like it because it is little bit of dry, oily. It has sometimes vegetables in it. And sometimes they put in, I don't know, a bit of oyster or soy sauce when you fry it yourself. It becomes a little bit sticky and sweet. And this is also one of my preferences. So let's start from something that I never tried before and that will be dry fish. Here you have a little bit of it. It's no one. So I've seen many times that Filipinos are frying it and they smell very intense, I could say. But I never tried it and this is my first time of eating this type of food. Wow, okay. Too crunchy. You can say it's like a chips. Nice, little bit salty because of the skin I believe it's a little bit bitter. So I'll dive into the eating heart. And let's see what you have here. Mmm, it's all like a crunch. Unlike this maltaste, it's not that intense, but it tastes like smooth, very good. You can use it like a chips. Sometimes I like to have a snack, I believe it could become one of my old-time snacks. It's nice. Let's take now the big one. Yeah, it's kinda hard. Cannot even put fortune to eat, but... So we have here a lot of skin that as I was told we cannot eat. Well guys, you have a lot of very nice food. And I have a lot of plans for this channel to be honest with you. And hopefully soon the borders will be more or less open and I can travel a little bit and try different food in local restaurants for example. That will be very nice. So one of the subscribers was telling me before that I have to try sea sea. Yes, I can confirm that I tried before when I've been visiting New Zone. But also I was told that in Pampanga Place you have guys one of the best sea sea ever. So definitely the Pampanga now is my list to visit and to try sea sea there. So yeah, as you can see I have a lot of plans. So hopefully by the next year or by the end of this year the restrictions will be more or less lifted and we can visit many places in the Philippines. Wow. That is nice actually. Eater reminds me about dry fish from my home country but mostly our guys are eating it while drinking beer. So yeah nothing special. We do not eat it like on the daily life of a breakfast just as a snack. But the taste of this one is very nice. It's like little bit smoky, salty at the same time. So let's dip it into the vinegar. So I know you guys eating many things with vinegar and it's really tasty. So I'm trying not to become part of the Filipino community. Wow. Vinegar is playing a very good role in this for this dish because it's a little bit sour and salty and I like this combination. So let's take that one with vinegar and with rice. That is just good. It's very good. You see when food is tasting there is nothing much to say. This one I just compared to food where you have in my home country, more or less similar. But we never try to fry it. I believe if we try it will be also some kind of unique food for us. So let's go to the fried banana. I was thinking there is only one type of banana that you can eat just like a raw, like a normal fruit. And only when I started to explore, I found out that there are different types of banana which you for example cannot eat raw. You have to do something and then you have either to boil it or you have to fry it. And that was quite an interesting experience. I mean like everything you have seen for the first time has become an interesting experience. And that's why we decided to cook today is fried banana. For me on the first look it's like potato. You can compare it to potato I believe. Wow, the dish would be a little bit sweet. I don't know even what to compare with the fried banana. The taste is unique. Well the structure of the state is like a little bit similar to potato. But the taste, I believe it's similar to an even fried, it's similar to dry raisins. A little bit sour and sweet at the same time in school. But wow, it's very nice. Okay so let's continue with some sausages. Let's take this one. Okay, so let's start to taste some sausage. Let's take the sausage and put it with a little bit of fried rice. Nice, meat is very soft, sweet. It's the first time I'm trying this with sausage. Yeah, so this is a pork meat. I believe all of those sausages they have a pork meat. Your food can surprise honestly speaking. Who was thinking that it will be sweet? You can eat it instead of sweets, yeah. You can change candies into the sausages. Wow guys, yeah this is something I really like. So what else can I try? I will try this one. It looks also oily and sticky I believe that also can be sweet. But this one is kind of different. Yeah, and I believe it will be sweet because it smells sugar. Oh nice. Food is actually a good tool and I believe it can discover a lot of things from your culture. About the region, about how people believe, about what are the habits are. And that's why food is my passion. So let's try this one. Wow, this one has a lot of pepper. Little bit sweet and just little bit sour in it. Bravo, bravo guys. Your food is one of the best. What I like also when the Philippines, when it comes to breakfast, the entire family is coming together and it kind of nice up energy across the room and everybody is enjoying, everyone is talking, everyone is happy. And it brings me back to my childhood when also all our family members used together in one place. And you were having a lot of fun, you were visiting many places, other very great mothers, great fathers. So there were periods of time when we have that kind of celebrations. It's either Christmas, it's Easter or it was, yeah, most of the time it's Christmas and Easter. When every single family member is coming to the province, kids, grandkids, and we were having like a list of relatives who we should visit and everyone like we are gathering in a big room, 15, 20 people. And we are visiting every single family member. We are visiting and it's like you can take one or two days because we have many family members at the time. And especially the grandmothers, they like when you come in visiting. So I have a lot of pictures with me when we are gathering, when everyone was together. It's nice. But yeah, the more older you become, the more responsibilities you have. And now everyone is staying far away from the place. And unfortunately we cannot get there every year like we used to do. And that makes me a little bit sad. But at the same time when I have been with the Philippines and our city, with a big family. And that's quite great. So as you can see, food is bringing all some memories back. And that's one of the things that also can make food process very enjoyable. So let's try this red sausage. It also looks like kind of interesting stuff for me. Hmm. Okay. This one looks more dry. And that one has already completely different taste. This is very desalty, hard skin on the top. But very soft. And inside. Wow, it's good. But all that stuff is very good with rice. Please let me know in the comments below what is your favorite type of dish. If I manage to find that food here in place where I'm staying right now, I will be happy to taste. I will be happy to make a review. And to share my opinion about that food. Also guys, you are used to drinking coffee. Now I know this drink is very popular in the Philippines. It's like a coffee with milk, something like that. That's good. It's very good actually. It's not, you know, it's not that strong as coffee. We have like a little bit of coffee taste. You almost don't feel coffee. It's more like a milky drink. I'm the person who likes milk a lot. I can have a like a big bottle of milk in one liter. And I can finish it with the next like 20 minutes. If I have some snacks next to me, that's it. I might like the ones I'm telling you. That means I have to finish the current video. But I'm preventing still more different type of food reviews. Don't forget to subscribe. Don't forget to like this video if you really like. If you don't like, click this like button as well. That's absolutely fine. Share with your friends who are interested in such videos as well. I will see you soon in the next upcoming video with the new dish. Thank you very much for watching. Have a good day. And see you soon. Bye bye.