 The Filipino culture is very, very laid back. They're very chill people, I guess you could say. And they're very, very kind people. Very charitable. It's kind of ridiculous how charitable they are. Because they will give you anything they have, even though they basically have nothing, most of them. Sometimes I'd mess with my Filipino companions, but, oh, that's a nice shirt. Can I have it? And they just like, sure, sure. And they would just take it right off their back and they'd give it to you. And that's how all Filipinos are. Of course, I'd never take it, but, no, they'd give it to you if you really want it. And the same thing with food. You know, they don't have hardly any food, but if you're over there, you can expect they're going to give you something. You know, whether it's just a small snack or a big meal. Very, very charitable. Filipinos don't see Americans too often. So when they do, they get very, very excited. One thing they always say is, hey, Joe. If they see an American, whether it's a man or woman, they're going to say, hey, Joe. And that just comes from World War II when the GI Joe's were over there. And that's just stuck ever since. That's what they know Americans as is Joe. And so they will get very excited when they see you coming down the street. You'll hear that about every five seconds. The little teenagers love to yell at you and laugh, but they're not doing it to be mean. Even though it sometimes seems that way. They're really just doing it because they're excited to see an American. So it's different, but they're very, very kind. The culture in a lot of ways is very Americanized. They love American culture. They love our sports. They love our music, including our style. But they also do have their own rich tradition that they don't lose track of. They still love their own music. They have their own dance styles. It's very, it's fun to see their traditions, their culture. I had something else I was going to tell you about. Holidays. Holidays. That was it. To do some interesting holidays, they celebrate, you know, most of our holidays. Christmas was fun over there is different. On Christmas, I only spent one Christmas in the Philippines. The other one was in MTC. On Christmas day, we woke up and everyone is dressed up really nice. They're just all on the streets. No one's working, but everyone's on the streets. Now very nice. Then they go around to their friend's house and they basically ask for presents. So it seems more like Halloween. But it was cool just to see people and they're also happy. You know, there's just something different about that day. Everyone's happy. No one's working. They're all just spreading love basically. That was interesting. New years was crazy. I've never seen so many fireworks in my life. Can you even hear yourself speak? They're just constant. And that was in an area where fireworks were actually illegal. So it was pretty intense. Another interesting one is November 1st. They have Aronongmangangatai, all souls day or day of the dead. Basically people will go to the cemetery where their loved ones are buried and they'll just light candles. And some of them will bring food and stuff, kind of representative of feeding their dead. It's an interesting day for sure. I'm trying to find people that teach on those holidays. Very cool.