 I was so back to my YouTube channel, my name is Dami, I'm a student here in the Philippines. I've a guest with me, my daddy and my mommy here in the Philippines. They're living here for the past 50 years. 60 year old, maybe 50 years. Wow. You know, the first time I met you, I was so shocked. When you told me like, oh, you lived here for 50 years. I thought you made a mistake. I asked, I texted you, but I said, mom, 50, almost 50 years old. And I also shot that you guys enjoy the Philippines. So much that you decided to retire. Yeah. Yes. Okay, in the Philippines. So what's your name, mom? Judy Karin. Okay. Son. John Karin. Okay. What's your new guys move here? 1974. So we came for two years. Okay. Yes. But we couldn't count. And now it's already 50 years. So at the time you moved here, was it, what was the purpose of you guys moving? Work. It was for work. It was for work. Yes. It's for me not to work. Okay, daddy was the one that had the job at the time. Right. Yes. Yeah. So during that 50 years for you, how has it been for you living in the Philippines? Well, you want to answer that? I think it just takes everything as it comes. Yeah, I'm doing it. Yeah, he enjoys it. Yeah. Well. Yeah. So when you were working 50 years ago, like during the period where you was working, what was it like with the people you were working? Did you work with the Filipinos? Yeah. Oh, Filipinos are very nice people. Wow. All good workers and everything. Okay. Now, here's to go down to La Union to a go-or to the tobacco factory where he worked there. And he would get many workers. Work in 500. Work in 500. 1500 workers. Wow. Worked for not all Filipinos. Yes. But there were a few foreigners. Yeah. Not many. But not many. Wow. Yes. So you had a very nice experience working with the Filipinos. Yeah. Yes. So when you decided to move to the Philippines for the first two years, when you guys move, what was like your first impression of the people, you know, you don't know about the country at the time. No, you guys, they just... Anything about the country. The only thing I knew about the Philippines was Manila paper. Manila envelopes. Oh, can that was it. I had to look everything up about the Philippines. Okay. And I actually had started to study Spanish, thinking it was a Spanish country. And then realized, no, it was English country. Well, I mean, Filipino, but the words were so long. Okay. And also because everybody spoke English here, there was no sense of learning Filipino. So that was it. Yeah. You know, the odd words we knew and so on. And with the kids going to school with other... Well, there was a mixed school. They were at an international school. And they were, I think at that stage, they were 23 different nationalities in the international school. So, yeah, it was interesting. Yeah, but as you say, we were going to the world to pump into the Philippines. Yes, there everywhere. You know, like, we'll speak English. Yeah. So that way you were working with the Filipino. So all of them were able to communicate with you in this at the time. So you guys are from where? Originally from Radeezha. Okay. Which became Zimbabwe. Okay. But we left in 1974, we come here at the kind of height of the Bush wall there. Okay. And yeah, we came over here. And as I said, just for two years. Okay. And then we decided to stay. Wow. And we came over with three kids, born in Radeezha. Okay. There were seven, eight, and nine at the time. Well. And then in 1979, we had number four here. Okay. And then in 1982, we had number five. And then in 1983, we had number six. Wow. To go in a boy, to go in a boy. Okay, you have to go in a boy there and then in the Philippines, yeah. Yeah, repeat performance. That's why we didn't leave the Philippines. But I was like, she goes in the boys somewhere else. Okay. So for you, what was the culture shock as compared to the bubble when you moved here? What was different? As I said earlier, I think the space, the size of the properties was really small after having the open planes of the African Bush and larger, larger properties. Not so much the houses. The houses are quite big here, but they're on very small properties. And your neighbors are kind of right next door to you. Okay. That was one of the things. And then a lot of the things that we've grown up with, we couldn't get here. So we just had to do without all we had to make ourselves. I mean, while I was making dishes, I never ever thought I would be making. Because like for us in Africa, like built on, the dried meat, we had to learn to make that here. And also the farmers, sausages or borervos. We had to learn to make that here. So yeah, anything we wanted, we actually had to make. Otherwise, we just didn't get. So that was, that's about it. But yeah, otherwise, we got used to the place. So you taught me during your stay, the hard leg, the very terrible earthquake, yes, that was a 1990. So you guys were not like discouraged to want to live? No, the company wanted us to move to Manila, but we don't like Manila. So we decided if they said we had to move there, then we would leave. So you love Wagyu? Yeah, this is, it's a smaller place. Okay. And it's easier to get used to. Manila is just so large. Yeah, so far for me to come to work. Yes, yeah. Because he works in a go-off in our union and it's too far to travel up and down. Off and down. Yes. Because yeah, Wagyu, the weather is one good. Yes, it's good. Except for this typhooning, then it goes on and on and on. So for you at the time, can you just give us like a brief story of what happened during the earthquake and how you guys were able to manage yourself? Well, as I was saying, I was meant to go to one of the hotels to see a friend of mine. And she phoned me just shortly before the earthquake and said, don't come because she wasn't ready for me to come. And so I'd already told my husband on the phone that we were going to the hotel. So and I couldn't get back to him to tell him that we were not going. And in those days, we didn't have mobile phones. So that I couldn't just phone him and let him know. And so we didn't go. I was busy sewing and then I felt this movement beneath my feet. And then I just realized it was an earthquake and I shouted to the kids, earthquake, get out. And we ran downstairs on to our driveway and then that started moving really badly. And it felt like, you know, those rodeo horses that you see in the states that they go up and down to the side. And that's how it felt with the earthquake. And we were on the driveway just sitting, we had to sit down because we couldn't stand. Well, and it went on for a, um, probably about a minute and a half. Okay. And the kids were very scared. Well, our 44 gallon drum of water was at the back of us and it was about two foot off the air. And my, my, in the air should I say, and my car was all right up in the air. Well, so that's how I, you know, bad. It was actually the, um, the machine at the pine hotel broke at, I think it was eight, magnitude eight. Well, so a lot of people lost their land by the time away. I think about 3000. Wow. Yes, I'm not, not positive about that, but there are a lot of people in the hotels because 12 hotels went down here. Yes. Anybody dove close to you at the time that lost the LA by the time. Not close, close, but I had a, a good friend from Venezuela who was in one of the hotels. The one we were actually meant to go and see. And she was, um, found probably a week later. Oh, the hotel had collapsed. I know the rubble. Yeah, she was under the rubble and her husband was actually in the elevator going up. And he was found as well, but the little boy of two was outside in the playground, so he was saved. So, um, but yes, but we had friends that also lost their lives. Well, after that, did any of the things like that happen again? Not that bad, but we've had typhoons and rock slides and land slides coming up and, um, Oh, there's quick, too. Yeah, there'd be earthquakes as well, but nothing like that. So, um, so 50 years ago when you guys moved, I know a lot of things have changed about Vagu. How was it 50 years ago as compassionate? The environment, the traffic, the traffic was, it was manageable then. Oh, yeah. We could get into town. Not any buildings around. Yeah, we get into town very easily, but now we do live further out of town, okay? But it's taking a lot longer. And now with the road from Manila, the highway up to Bagia, or not to Bagia to Rosaria, people can be here from Manila in four hours. Before, I mean, we've had trips down to Manila that have taken eight or nine hours. Okay. Going all the back roads. Okay, it wasn't before it was, you've still longer on the road before. Oh, much longer, yes. Yeah, so all the back roads. So all the back roads through the rice paddies and so on like that was much more interesting. That was nice. Yes. I mean, it took a long time, but it was interesting. You know, you wouldn't just have an open road. Yeah, it was a nice place. You know, the towns and so on. And then you'd stop off and you'd buy caribbean milk in one of the places and you find mangoes here and you'd buy whatever fruit that was, you know, seasonable. So now it's more modernized. It's more modernized, um, but not always better. So you remember style? It's six or one half a dozen of the other, you know, it is four of the games both before and after. So when you guys first moved here, how would it be to navigate life in us? It was very easy. The kids started school at a convent. Thank you. And they, I used to take them to school in the morning and they actually came home for lunch and then they'd go back in the afternoon. And that was, that was very easy. The kids didn't like it though. They were the only, as I call it, pale faces in the whole school. Oh, and they were looked up to and the people wanted to keep, you know, hanging onto them and touching them and so on. And they didn't, they weren't used to this and they, they didn't like it. But, um, and then they had to move to another school to an international school because the school they were at was in Filipino and they didn't know it. So they moved to the rent international school and that's where they stayed and they eventually graduated from there and then went off to their different countries of choice. So, so how did you guys adjust to the food and the culture at the time? Um, the food, oh, it was, it was fine. We, yeah, we just used to cook our own kind of food. You know, we were able to get all sorts of things and we just adjusted everything and, um, and then gradually tried the different Filipino foods and decided what we liked, what we didn't like and so we carried on that way. That's not a problem. So you guys have been married for how long? Next year will be 60 years. Wow. Yeah. I think, no, no, I don't think it's really a long time. Yes. Because this, this is married. This is a bit of like, oh, she has, yeah, that's, and I mean into your home, I saw like your relationship with your husband like he just took around, he just played around. How are you, it would keep your family together for the 60 years. I think it's the sense of humor. Given take. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, you just work through things because for us, there's no alternative. Okay, you know, as somebody said, have you ever thought about divorce? I said, never divorce. Murder? Yes. Yes. Yeah. Still might happen. Really, it's a long time and God has really blessed her definitely. Yes. Because all your kids like you told me are all very successful and everything. So at what point did you guys decide to retire here in the Philippines? I don't know, just because we, the longer we stayed here, the easier it was to live here. And our home country wasn't doing so well. And it just was a lot better to stay here and easier to bring up a large family here. And because you have one. Yeah. So, you know, that was it. It was just we decided that we'd build a house and see how it went. And if we didn't like it, we could always move. But then once we'd built the house and we just decided, no, we just as where we'll stay here. So, you travel like out of the country since you're not much anymore. No, we haven't moved. I think the last time we went out was 2019 in the pandemic. Okay. And that was just a barley. Two of the children and the families. And but no, I think now the kids can come and visit us. Yeah. There are various places from the States, from England and the other two in Manila. They've all come to see us here. So since then, that's going to be one coming out in December. Yes, from England. Yes. In Philippine, in general, do you guys explore the city? Like, yes, we do because every weekend we want to go out somewhere and try the food from a different restaurant. Okay. We like to try different tastes. Okay. And so we'll go to not very far or we'll go down to the beach. Okay. To the sea. And mainly just for the day, but it's just nice to get away from the house for one day. And we'll cloud. Yes, that's probably about two hours up further into the Cordelera. Okay. And there's a lovely big dam up there. Okay. And when you travel like Palao Angboral, yeah, we've been to Palaoan. Actually, we went to Palaoan on our 25th anniversary. Wow. Yeah. And then we went to Boracay on our 50th year. Okay. And we've been to various places in the Philippines. Wow. But as Jim was working a lot of the time and often there was weekends when he had to work as well. So he wasn't always free to go or to go away. Yeah. And then with the kids being at school, we, you know, we had to wait for holidays. And that's when we mostly went overseas. Or, okay, because our parents, because they were both my parents and Jim's parents were living in St. Barbou, then. Oh. So we would visit there. Yeah. Yeah. So what added things you look about the Philippines? I think the friendliness. Okay. Um, basically the weather is pretty stable. It's around about what 70 degrees most of the year, around, although it can drop right down. Okay. Um, to frost during the winter and January. Okay. Um, as I say, typhoons are not pleasant, but you just grin and bear it. Yeah. And, um, I think the friendliness of the people here. Yeah. And it's too lazy. That's, you know, this is, it's very easy to live here. Okay. There's, they're very polite. And you don't have the, I find when I visit the Western countries, people are in your face. They argue with you over the slightest things. Whereas here, they try and reach an agreement. Remicably, yes. Yeah, they don't even look at you. No, no, you don't make eye contact in other, in Western countries. It's just, you know, because I'd see, you know, my kids would take me for a walk or someone and say, don't look at people. And I said, that's what you do. And you smile at them. No, don't smile at them. Oh. So you're like, it's here now. You can smile. And you can chat to anybody you want to. And they chat back. So, yeah, it's a lot more pleasant. Yes. I've watched a lot of people on YouTube, like, people from America or the country trying to retire here. Yes. What is the advice you can give to such people as someone who I've lived in the country for like 50 years? Patients. Patients. Yes, you have to have lots of patients because things don't happen immediately. It's not a first world country. And things are not going to be done the same as in your own country. And if you've left your own country because you want something different, then this is different. But then don't expect your own country to happen here as well. Okay. Because that's why you left it in the first place. Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, How about the cost of living? Is it the cost of living is manageable? All the prices have gone up a lot here. But you can, um, I mean, if you buy imported stuff, you'll pay the price for it. But if you buy local, then you can, you can live. Yes. What? So, there we are. Yeah. Okay. So, guys, this brings us to the end of this video. I'm so excited to, um, to meet them. I didn't meet daddy the first time. I met Bonnie and they really accept me as, I don't know, as their child does I feel here? Really? Because they allow me into their home, into every space in their house. And I'm gonna say, I'm really grateful. That's good. Because I don't really look like you. I don't look like them. We consider ourselves African still. Yeah. Yes. So, they really, I don't know. She really took care of me today. And I'm gonna say, I'm happy. So, guys, we haven't subscribed to my channel. Please click the subscribe button. And I'll catch you in my next one. Bye.