 The best piece of advice I ever got was from an old gentleman and he's not old. He just calls himself old. Paul, old dog, new tricks. Piece of advice I got from Paul. I was here in Duma Getty. I was doing YouTube. I was having problems with other YouTubers, you know that little drama thing. Having a lot of problems with my mental state. You know you always go through having issues in your head, doubts. Did you make the right choice? Doubts if you're doing the right thing all the time? So I decided, ask Paul. If somebody I could sit down and have cup coffee with, somebody I could talk to. Anybody here in Duma Getty could reach out to Paul and talk to him. He's very approachable and he's a very nice guy. He's a really good human being. So the piece of advice he gave to me and I've heard it on his channel many times was slow down, slow down. And that is one of the best pieces of advice you're ever going to get from anybody, anybody when you come to the Philippines. When you're planning to come here and say you're retiring next year and you hit their retirement date, take it easy. You don't have to be on a plane the next day. Make sure you're going to get your Social Security check deposited in the bank account you need. Make sure there's no hiccups to getting your Social Security. Make sure everything is the way you want it to be. Make sure your bank accounts are all set up the way you want to be. Don't be in a rush to get on that plane and not be 100% prepared. Slow down. Make sure you got a good phone. Make sure you got a phone that's going to work here that takes a SIM card, not an E-SIM. Make sure your phone plan will allow you to call the US during your first year here, six months or 90 days and get text messages from the US, from your bank, from your credit card in case you have any issues. Make sure you have all of those. I didn't have a phone plan when I came here. Not a good one. I had a very expensive phone plan which didn't help me, didn't use it. All that was cost me a lot of money. So make sure you have that under control. Make sure you have your mail under control. Now these are things I've talked about a hundred times. But in this advice about slowing down, when you get here, you get off the plane, you get on your secondary flight to your final destination, be it Manila, Sabu, Duma Getty, or wherever it is. When you get there, get settled in. Don't be in that rush to find that girlfriend if you don't have one. Don't be in that rush to visit every island of 7,000 islands in the first week or two. Just slow down. Get yourself a nice place to live. Let it be. It could be your hotel. It could be an Airbnb. Maybe you decided you wanted to make Duma Getty your home. You get an Airbnb or a hotel. Well don't be in a rush to find an apartment or a house to rent. Yeah, get out there and start looking. But don't grab the first place you see. How do you know that's the best deal for you? Janet and I spent a month and a half driving every day up and down the roads of Duma Getty using different realtors to find the perfect house for us at that time. Now a year and a half later, it's not the perfect house for us anymore. But at the time, it was a great house for us. Slow it down. Don't be in a hurry to make a whole lot of new close friends. Go ahead and meet people. Go have a cup of coffee. Talk to everybody that you see. Talk to the foreigners. Sit down and talk to them. Maybe you can get a piece of advice. Maybe they know a property that's for rent for you. Just slow down. Meet people one person at a time. You know, it's great to have friends. It's great to meet new people. But it takes time. You know, your friends back home, you develop these friendships over the years. And here you're not going to make that solid friendship in the first day or two or the first week. Yeah, you're going to have acquaintances. There are people who I call close friends when I first got here. They're no longer close friends. You know, the real you and the real them come out after time. And maybe you don't have the connection that you were hoping to have with them. So slow down. Relax. You're banking. Take it easy. Don't spend like you're on a two week vacation. Make sure you get here and you know, one day transfer some money just to make sure you can do it. But just slow down. Transfer everything. Don't transfer so much. You don't know where to carry it. Slowly get used to everything. And the big thing about slowing down is it gives you a chance to relax. It gives you a chance to decompress from the stress, the anxieties that you had back in the States or your home country. I talk about the States because I'm from the U.S. I'm an American. But no matter what country you come from, you're going to have stress. And when you come here, you need to relieve that stress. I spent six weeks in Behold walking the beach, not alone a beach, a different beach, but walking up and down that beach two to three different times every day. And then after about four to five weeks, I was totally relaxed. I was comfortable. And then I made my decision where I wanted to live. The decision I made was let me go visit the spaghetti. Let me go visit tabalaira. Let me go visit Sabou City. Well, once I got to Duma Getty, and I found the places there that were nice, you know, the coffee shops, the little small restaurants, you know, San Revelle, Casa Blanca, different places you could stop to heat. And the price was much better than it was in Behold in the Panglao area. Transportation was hard for me. I didn't know how to use a trink. So I contacted somebody that I met online before and asked them, hey, come on down to Duma Getty and show me how to use the trink system. Show me how to find a place to live. And they came down and we took two weeks to find one bedroom apartment that I liked, that I wanted to live in. It was a month to month, no long-term lease. I was in no rush at that moment to sign a one-year lease or two-year lease. Because I didn't know where in Duma Getty I wanted to live. And I wasn't aware of how nice Darwin was with Zambiguita. And I really wasn't interested in Valencia at the time because I didn't ride a motorcycle. I never had a motorcycle license. I never drove a motorcycle until I came here to the Philippines. So I had to slow down and make sure I found a place where I had good transportation, a month to month rent. And expensive deposit. I think I was paying 16,000 a month rent at the time, pesos, about 300 US, with a 16,000 peso deposit, a one month deposit. Which wasn't bad for a month to month fully furnished. One bedroom apartment would have pooled. So it took me time to find that place, but I slowed down. There are many places I found. They were way cheaper than the Airbnb I was staying in. I was in no rush just to grab the first place. I was glad I didn't grab. The first two places I saw were okay. They were good enough. But looking back, they would have been terrible choices for me. So slow down, make the right choice for your initial place to live. And then you have to decide what part of the city you're in. Now, you can take that Airbnb or hotel and call that your extended stay month to month. Say there's 30 days, 60 days, or 90 days. But then you have to decide what part of the city you want to live on. So I didn't have a motorbike at the time. So I decided I'm going to go buy a motorbike. I didn't know how to ride it. And I had to get the owner to deliver it to me. And he gave me a few little lessons, but I wasn't comfortable going on the streets. So it was just there at the apartment. It was parked. And I had a motorbike, but I still couldn't get around. I learned how to use the jeep thing. And I learned how to use the trike from the Tale area down into the city of Duma Getty. So I could take the trike every day down. It was like 20 pesos each direction on the trike. I could go shopping, I could go walk around, and I could enjoy my day. But I couldn't explore everything Duma Getty had at that time. So I had to learn how to ride a bike. So I found this is just when I met Shannon. She taught me how to ride a bike. But I wasn't a hurry to ride in traffic. And I wasn't a hurry to do things. And I didn't take the time to really learn the proper way to ride. I just learned by the seat of my pants. So I didn't slow down. I took my time finding that first apartment. But then I found Janet and I wanted to get in a house to rent with her. So everything was consumed with me to find a house. We drove up and down every street in the Cantilly Valencia area of Bumpandan looking for the perfect house. Eventually, we found it. But you guys come in here. I don't know how many people I've run into where they rent the first house they find or the first apartment they find. They sign a one-year lease to give that big deposit two months. And then after a month, they're saying, man, I hated here. I hated here. And they're willing to give up their deposit, willing to give up everything to go find somewhere else to live. So slow down and find the right place to live. And then when it comes to girls, guys, I see so many guys who come here. And the first girl they meet is their new long-term girlfriend. You need to explore that there's more than one girl here for you. You know, there's many girls that would date you. There's many girls that want to be with you. You know, they want that financial stability. They want that support. But they also want that you're dependable. And being an older guy, they feel comfortable that you're not going to cheat on it. So you're the prize here. It's Rick, I used to say, you're the prize in the Philippines. You know, so you don't have to settle for anything. You can look for the right girl for you. And don't do it the first girl. It's just like don't find the first apartment. Don't take the first girl. Take your time. Slow down. I know a few guys who don't even date. And they've been here like two months now because they're getting their life in order. They've rented a house. They want it furnished. They want to get it just right. They want to have a comfortable life here. So there are no rush to find a girlfriend. I see other guys find a girlfriend. And then the second time I meet them, they're with the second girlfriend. And they're telling me how much money they lost to the first girlfriend. And then a month later, I run into them. They're with a third girl. And they're telling me more stories of how much money they lost to the second girl. So take your time and find the right girl. You know, I can't tell you how to find the right girl. We've been around long enough to have we know the right one when we find it. Just because it's a young attractive Filipina doesn't mean there aren't more. There's plenty of young beautiful women here in the Philippines. And I'm not talking about 17, eight. I'm talking late 20s, 30s into their 40s, even 50. There are many, many beautiful women here in the Philippines. So relax, slow down, slow down, enjoy yourself here, especially that first 30, 60, 90 days. Because you'll be in vacation mode when you first get here. You'll be spending more money than you will in month six or seven, in month one and two. So slow down, think carefully before you spend money. And if you do end up with a girlfriend or you have one and they meet you at the airport, slow down to spending. You know, yeah, we all want to make an impression to the family. Don't drive up and see the family and see that they have a bad refrigerator and they're cooking outside and think, oh my God, I got to buy them a refrigerator. I have to buy them a stove. I have to, you know, they don't have enough protein. You know, so you want to go buy them some more chicken and some beef and they got nowhere to put it so you think, and maybe I should buy them a freezer. So you can't change their life and don't try to. The only thing that will happen when you flood them with money to help them make their life better is it'll be easier for them to ask in the future. They won't look to solve their own problem. They'll just say, hey, my sister's boyfriend is rich. Even though you're not, they think you're rich. And if we need some, let's go ask him. He bought the refrigerator and he bought a freezer. Maybe he'll buy a new TV. Maybe he'll buy a new motorbike for us. Maybe he'll buy new tires for a motorbike. Don't start that. Go slow. When you show up, yeah, maybe bring a chicken or two. Maybe you already get a pre-cooked chicken, you know, to help with the dinner that you're going to be partaking in. But don't buy everything. And if you're going to bring them into town to a restaurant, find an inexpensive restaurant to go to and eat there. Yeah, it's okay to pay. If you invite, you should pay. But don't let them get that they expect it from you in the very beginning. You have to slow down with, you know, being that white knight that's going to solve all their problems. You can't do that. And you're still not sure about their relationship. You've just been in it for a few weeks, a few days, and you've been online. It might have been three years online or one year online. Five months online, you've got to slow down. You have to slow down and make sure everything is just right and relaxed. The other piece of advice I got, and this is the one where I'm taking right now, we come to Suboost City. A lot of people have been irritating to me. People are doing things I don't like. And I have to stop worrying about them and their life and what they do. And Paul told me, Mike, just take care of you and your family. So guys, once you're situated, part of that advice is take care of you. Take care of me. We have to take care of ourselves. And that is such a true statement. Nobody's going to take care of you if you're alone. If you run out of money, or you get sick, who's going to take care of you? You have to take care of yourself. So make sure you know where the hospital is. Make sure you know how to get to the hospital. Find a doctor, go visit him first, set up so they have your information, any kind of meds you need. See that doctor. Find out about the different, where the immigration offices. Take care of all your own things that need to be taken care of. You need to take care of yourself. The best thing you can do is be self-sufficient. Now once you get that girlfriend, you marry a girl and now she's your wife. Yeah, you have to take care of the family. And I was being more concerned with trying to make people happy around you. You know, make them like Janet, like me, enjoy doing things with us. It's better that I just worry about Janet, PJ, and myself. And then Janet's family. The order that you should take care of this, you have to take care of yourself. Make sure everything's under control to take care of yourself. Second, take care of your girlfriend and your family. That would be the girl. And if there's any children involved. And then third is her family around her. Her immediate family. I ain't talking about a cousin far away or some nieces or nephews you never see. Her mom and her dad, because they've taken care of her all her life. And she'll always want to help them. You don't support them. You just make small donations and you help the family when you can. But that's all your main concerns should be. You shouldn't concern yourself with other people's problems. Yes, be charitable, help people when you have extra. Pray for them. If a few thousand pesos is going to help a problem and you have extra, go ahead and do that. Good morning. A few thousand pesos will help them. Go ahead and do that. Charity is great. But that's all internal now. And if I take care of me and my family, the charity I take care of now, there's a children's shelter here in Sabou that has like 20 kids in it. I'm going to start supporting that a little bit. And I also do my monthly food giveaways in Duma Getty. Those are my two charities. I'm going to take that to private. I'm going to keep them private. I'll make announcements about them now and then. But that's something I do and Janet does and it's what makes us feel well. I don't think I should have to or need to publicize my charity work anymore. Also, schooling, if your girlfriend has a son or daughter that's going through school, try and help them out. You know, maybe they need a tutor. You don't know. Maybe they need a tutor. Maybe they need some extra books. Maybe they need a private school. I was shocked at how inexpensive private school was. Private school for Janet's son is 14,500 pesos. A little over $250 per year. And that's a 12 month year, not a nine month year. 12 months of schooling. Also you have to buy books and the class. Sometimes you go to the class and they don't have enough fans. We've got a fan for the class and also helped out with some other parties when they have to buy and take, take the food up there. But two things, the biggest piece of advice you can get is the advice. Take care of your family. Take care of yourself. And also when you first get here, slow down. Slow way down.