 Future Friday. The Freshest. Alien voices from the Philippines. We know a few of the names in this video. Yes, we're familiar with some of the vocal expertise of some of these artists. Correct. But to be completely honest, it always freaking blows me away when it's done in this video. Like you see moments vocally speaking that you question reality. Science itself. Jesus. Because that's what I said. Already, huh? Yeah. It's sincerely... ...mode set. She's freaking fire. Hello. Hello, it's a voice. For today's video, I'm going to show you a compilation of Filipino. Yes, yes, yes. Let's go. Let's go. Alien voice is a term used to describe a singing skill or technique that is rare. Or that not many can do. I hope you enjoy watching. Well, it's freaking fabulous. She's fantastic. I was actually not that many voices of classical. Have German? Yeah. I don't think there's that many voices of classical in the Philippines. Pure classical. You have like Lani Misalucha, Jonah, Garfield. Yeah. And I think that's pretty much it. I don't... Purely classical. There's a dulce. She does a little bit of classical. Yeah, yeah. But then again, I think it's mostly like contemporary classical training, not so much of like the opera... Is that opera? ...or element of it. Filipino singers. There must be. Like... Because basing it off of the magical singers, there must be some classical training for sure. Yeah, I guess the magical... You can go from gospel church like into opera quite easily. Yeah. I would think perhaps, you know. Jonah is like three foot nine. She is tiny. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Is accurate. Yes. We love Lanny, we said that. Oh, really? By the way, just have a look. Lanny is no j... Yeah, you can laugh. Lanny is no j... Yeah, you can laugh. Lanny is no j... Go, I'm freaking. I will... You know, I will always gosh of her vocal qualities. I think you can laugh. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. I think if we ever get a chance to meet her, I will basically bow. I think so, dude. She's fabulous, that's... I will get one knee and bow. I think I will get one knee and bow. I will get one knee and bow. The Deep Japanese Wo м prostitute. The Deep Japanese Wo das, Ooh Dude! The Deep Japanese Wo M My pleasure is to know you. So be it. My pleasure is to know you. Just be it. I think it's so hard to comprehend as people... I think it's so hard to comprehend as people. Yeah. including me. The level of singing, that a woman has... I think it's even crazier the fact that she's so adaptable and she's so easily flexible to do other genres that are incredibly difficult to get out of this mindset from, again, I was just gonna gush over to John and I was kinda speechless after that because I was like, what are you even saying? John, she's not pretty full of nine by the way. It's so real. But, Lani, me, Salucha, bro, I've watched so many videos of her in my own time to try to understand her better in the terms of vocal quality and her pedigree. And she's still like a fascinating myth. Yeah. Okay, also moment to moment, moment to moment. People, because did you see the vocal technique? This is what I mean. This is what I mean when we talk about classical training. In this video, you can see how high her cheekbones are. You can see how she is dilating her diaphragm, how she can actually modulate the note with the mouth itself. You see the soft palate changing, the note placing, it's anchoring under her latissima store size like underneath her armpits. You can see her breathing and changing position. With every note. And the journey itself, like in this particular part of the song which is like holding the note, can you see how incredibly rounded that vowel is? The lips are coming forward so, so far forward. So the warmth and the absolute overpowering of maintaining that is so physical. That's why classical opera singing is so physical. It's such an exhausting way of learning how to sing. It used to be the only way to be taught. How to sing? And I can see why? Because imagine how much you could nail after understanding this type of vocal techniques. But again, the music evolves and so do the genres. But I can see why, years ago, you would learn classical first before you did anything else. So pratic. So pratic and contritenous. Still. Still. I never got a chance to review this, but we did see it. From that concept. And real. Oh, shit, Matela. He's freaking singing a capella, you know. Oh, he is no joke. He is brilliant. Jett Matela is so good in his technical approach that you could dissect over and over any of his videos like a capella in studio, live with musicians, with a minus one and TikTok online and Facebook, whatever. You'll never find him making flaws. Never. He's one of those singers that is so reliable in their technique that you can throw them in the water and they will throw baby. Technique-wise, he's like the singer's singer. He really is. Singers look at me. In my perspective. No, no, it's just, it's actually true. Because now we've spoken to artists from the Philippines. And it's like Jett Matela is that guy. He really is that guy. Of course, solid. Oh, boy. Wow, my countrymen, my brethren. My capa, bye. It always. Even though you know it's coming still. It always plays me. Oh, sing this video. That's where it land in Miss Alucha and the... And Jonah. Yeah. Okay. So because it's a great song. It's a perfect video for Malasca. Oh, bro. I love these videos because you can see everything. But in this video, you see that part here. He's pulling his tongue back. He's actually shutting the soft palate tunnel a little bit because he's contracting the tongue muscle towards the back of the throat. So like towards the back of the soft palate. So like you see it here, his tongue is quite far from his bottom teeth. In technical singing, this would be frowned upon. In classical operatic singing, this would be frowned upon because you are shortening the spacing, which you can create more warmth and more depth. But towards the end, where is the higher note? Like you can see right here, his tongue is completely in control. So it's touching his bottom teeth. It's creating the perfect slide towards the back of the soft palate. And it's creating this like resonant box within his mouth. That creates that super high lifted larynx without so much of the physical effort. But it also maintains the tension in the note so it doesn't waver off of that note. So you can sustain it for a long period of time? Is freaking, is beautifully done. How wonderful is to have a small sister, mother fuckers? I'm glad to be back really. I love this video. They make me geek out, OK? Yes, Darren. Oh, we love a good whistle. Yeah. Oh, it ain't the run. Sing a girl. She has a baby now. She has a baby. A baby. Her whistles are so stupidly great. Best cove I've ever heard in my life is Elaine Durant's Miley Cyrus The Climb. It's still fucking on the beat. OK. And you see what I was talking about, the tongue positioning, and how you can retract and recreate and create more space within her. Look at her perfect tongue position. Like from textbook technique, you're seeing her here. Like, look how much she dips the tip of her tongue. Her tip of the tongue is so dipped that it creates the perfect slide position in her tongue. So the back of her muscle is actually the muscle tongue is reaching towards the soft palate. And it's creating that really tight whistle-like sound. And that's where the whistle register actually comes from. The thinness of it. That thinness that it's so hard sometimes to modulate within the larynx, that this is a really great way of creating more control of the sound. But it's twice as difficult, because you have to be in control of the vocal folds inside of your larynx. And then also the tongue positioning. So the tongue control is also very difficult. We love her. She's good. Never seen this clip. Oh. We love her. We're obsessed with her. We stand, Maurizad. Yeah. Oh, I've never seen these clips. Nice. We adore her. What is the reason? Why was the reason? I like full body Maurizad. Is that a donista band in the back? Yeah. Basis. I want you to show me. No, it's Adonis, mate. It would never be straight. It would be 3rd, 5th, 2nd, 1st, 8th. I know. We put a 9th. Yeah, yeah. I'll be guessing the way you should go. Oh, also. Is that correct, Tommi? No, aren't you breath support? Oh, yeah. You can say, yeah. Control. Definitely. Yes. Of course. They apply it to the same technique. That was one phrase, by the way. There's no breath in there. She hasn't taken a breath. Yeah, that is pretty insane. Let's get it low. Oh, people. It's Tomm. It's Tomm. It's Tomm. Catrina will argue. It's a motel piece. You're in the Philippines, and this woman is having a show. You go and you watch. You go and you watch. You film, you listen. Yeah, then. She is ridiculous. She's such a good definition of talent. It's just mental. And I think she is the perfect combination of hard work and talent come together. There is no way of getting to that point with just role talent. I'm just being eye. I'm just good at singing. Nah, nah, nah, baby. She puts in. I always wish all the best, man. Oh, put some work, baby. Yeah, dude. Like, she's had a fucked, but she's so talented. This was an actual challenge, okay? Look at that back support. That's why she's done like 45 seconds. Yeah, she can read donkulous. I mean, yes. Squeak, then whistle glide. Oh, okay, okay. Whistle glissando. Esplillo. Glissando. And I actually, more or say that's like her signature move. Yeah, I would call it more like a mannerism, like a signature move. It's a chick signature, yeah. I don't think there's any other people at the moment that sort of do the same. I guess, you know, Mariah can I have that sort of a... What you did, yeah, you did, yeah. Regine sometimes can do it if she want, when she was younger, she would do it. But just... I mean, it's not that they cannot do it. It's not that they can't do it, but it's more like it's not typically, they're not known, typically, typically. Yeah, sadly. I think as many singers that can do it, but it's just, it's become so signature of more or say. Yeah, I think more or say. I've seen a lot of like coaches, coach-esque style people. Like on YouTube. Gosh, about it. They really do gosh about it. It's really interesting. Like they really find it, really, whoa. It is, whoa, we're using them. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. See, this is my favorite monster, full body. It's you, it's you, it's you. Gospel fun, come on, we said, my face. Yeah, do you just think of more or say? Yeah. I love this concert. I enjoyed it so much. Let's go. Oh It's like oh grab please meme that oh Now he said oh snap is that Billy Crawford I think it is of course he would be I think it is but go back how do you do that? That's a bringing category That's the last along guys, right? Yeah, that's a crazy On further inspection I mean But yeah, I think that is last longer. I don't I don't know who this person is I feel like Louie or Campos, it has to be like look look look at this person I don't know So like this they've made it here, you know, I honestly and if it's like it's a good it's a good I don't know who this would be like they go on the far left What's up what's not doing that okay, but I think it's not can we have a moment I Go back I'm gonna recreate that look the look is absolutely freaking fabulous that is a fabulous I was the shit like in the It is it is the the moment now Ah I should know these people Dude what in the Dude go back to that before the thing Oh You know what I would say in other markets. I would say yeah, it's fucked unlucky Maybe a Vegas performance, but in the Philippines because you get a lot of comedy acts Like you know vices very popular for this Um We have oh jett is very good at impersonations so freaking great Jett Madella and it's like that would be great for the Exactly in the Philippines yeah because like vocal prowess in the in the Filipino market From my understanding so far that's genuinely a market that you can access and you can sell tickets with that You can tour the country with that you can I'm not even gonna begin to try to understand that I guess it's just emulation is that those people is like Look at my bird call bro. I still don't understand what I I would love to know This is one of the videos that I wanted to prepare is um I like Upcoming I knew artists with different voices that we haven't heard of different sounds There is a band that I've been like gushing about which is like called the Lau I think oh my god They sing oh how Oh I just here's what it is here's what it is the Filipino alternative rock Let's jokers mine it has been three years since I've been introduced to it and I have to be on it It's one of our favorites yeah my face yeah What's one day will do is on the podcast from the stream we'll show you guys what we actually listen to like on on our playlist and stuff And you can see the amount of hours which because I am quite obsessive with stuff because I like you know learning the grooves or learning the Why them I like that song so quite obsessive with it so you know like I listen to songs like thousands of times genuinely thousands of times Um, but yeah, let us know what other artists you like us check out artists that we do not know about and the pop from that I think