 Hello, hi. Thank you so much for joining us here again at Glasses Kingdom as we present to you. I want to know who love is. I just saw the recommendation today and I decided to do it tonight. It's my day off. I have a few days off. I've been on tour for the past four weeks. Hence my absence on YouTube. Anyway, the word love or the topic love is very broad. And many people understand it differently. Some people are still asking what the hell is love because some people unfortunately have not experienced such a wonderful feeling. Many people have gone through tough times, times of abuse and hardship and no one to love them. But the people who actually had someone to love them is still asking what love is because when someone told you at some point that they love you and then their actions are saying something else, then you really want to know what the hell love is. Because if this is what love is, I don't want it. You know what I mean? Anyway, J-Hart Music is the new band that was recommended to me. I tried searching them earlier. There was no information on Google as to who they are or where they are from. I looked in the comments section. I realized that the language was Filipino. I mean, Tagalog. So I guess it's a Filipino band. So let's dive right in there and see what this is all about, shall we? Wow, this is great. Wonderful start. This is beautiful. So sweet. It sounds like the original and sounds very good clean. That guitar. The harmonies. The harmonies. This is beautiful. Where is this place? A little time to look around me. I got no will left here. It looks like love is finally found me. In my life there's been hardly convey. I don't know if I can face it again. Can't stop now. I've tried for so far. To change this lonely life. I want to know who love me. I want to show me. I want to feel what love is. I know you can show me. I want to know what love is. I want to show me. I want to feel it too. I want to feel what love is. I know you can show me. That stuff around you. I want to know who love me. I love that fulfilling song. Won't you just show me. So much love I wanna feel your love me And love your death's getting hard I wanna get you to me So if I love, I wanna know what love is I wanna feel your show me I wanna feel it too I wanna feel your love I wanna feel it And I know and I know I know you can show me Let's sacrifice love I wanna know what love is Love your feelings I want you to show me I wanna feel it so much love I wanna feel your love me Oh, you're just gonna have Oh, you can show me Thank you so much That was amazing That was a beautiful song done by amazing voices This was really cool I love the mix I wonder what place this is Because the lighting and everything And the staging would appear like This might be like a club Or a bar Or a cafe But then it could be a live studio Wherever this was The engineer, the mixing engineer did so well The song sounded so clean That if I wasn't looking I would think that this might be a recorded version of the song His voice, the gentleman that was lead singing He did so well In capturing the field of the song This was really cool And then he handed it over to the female And she did justice to the song the same The harmonies were beautiful The adlibs While she was leading he was doing the adlibs And that was really fine Then this sang in unison And that was beautiful as well Everybody can sing in unison Become one voice and sound like really awesome But they did and this is really cool It shows that they have been doing this for a while And they have good chemistry The band Wow! The guitar player he provides such wonderful tone The tremolo on the guitar Wow, that was beautiful to see the bass player They're played so perfectly And the drummer The keyboard player They did so well That I couldn't find anything to say Okay, well this person could have done better Or that this was Perfectly done But I'm not surprised They're Filipinas The land of talent You want to see great singers And players of instrument Take a visit to the Philippines And you certainly will be satisfied And sing I'm going to visit the Philippines one day Just to see if If they just put the best singers out there And leave the rest behind Because this is crazy That everybody can sing It's not fair, right? Right, it's not fair. Anyway Thank you guys so that person who recommended this video I should have Written your name down So I can remember to give you that shout out But you know yourself Thank you so much for recommending this video And thank you guys for always Recommending great music Great videos, great artist And all these wonderful things from the Philippines And other countries around the world If you have a favorite song, artist Or whatever That you would love us to react to Or review or analyze right here in glasses kingdom Send it to us And remember to follow us on Instagram At the T-R show And also at glasses kingdom. Until the next time. See you in the comments