 Thank you questions before about what design come how to support ourselves here How can I follow and make money in the Philippines? What was one Positive surprise we've found since moving to the Philippines and one negative surprise So really nice sunny day today we've just dropped his about into school and we're gonna head down to the beach for the day But I'm trying trying to get in shape The business health it's all linked together Not just physical but mental health as well It can get you down when you do for healthy especially for a long period of time I know that's what jeans going through Try untrying to help her by I'm gonna start eating what she eats. I'm gonna start doing what she does So much more so she's not in this place out we can do this together gonna get a better where she was Gonna go to the sea Thank you You see a shark let me know I It Looks cold I'm sure it's not but looks cold receive Yeah, it's pretty cold actually It's clear It's clear Still early in the morning And the sun really gets right and strong it will warm up until then I just brave it I feel really fresh in there to be in the sea. Why move to the Philippines for us? It was two things like this so we can live life to the fullest When you in the back base in the West guest question you get depressed As life is meant for working You work to live you don't live to work. I've said it before That's very true. So what we're here. We're gonna answer some of your questions some of the recent ones some of the past ones Stuff we haven't really covered enough vlog before Some of it we may have mentioned, but we're gonna go in a bit more detail As our Q&A is really about our life in the Philippines about moving to the Philippines All the things we've been before hand while we're here or the adjustments we've made And try and make it helpful for people who Maybe in the same situation as where we were five years ago wanting to move here. It's not easy That's not easy to move as a lot of things you need to do you do need to do a lot of planning a lot of preparation But it's not impossible either Definitely can make the move happen if you're dedicated to termings and you have a good plan And that's what we did J&M myself we planned we sacrificed we saved we budgeted we did all our research Outfront in advance we updated it every time there was a change We got a lot of information from people living here family for example We made sure we can make the move happen before we committed fully As we're not gonna move here without any any real planning you can't just move you have to Do a lot of research you have to do a lot of planning You have to be very careful obviously for when a good position J&M myself I do worry about J&M. I really do worry I really do worry about her from my list It's been quite a while she's been ill with a low blood pressure and the bloating We're not absolutely 100% sure they are linked but it does appear to be so And she's eaten Normally have a spike in your blood pressure not a drop When J needs she bloats and a blood pressure drops it really drops It's up to low dangerously low And it really makes her sick She may look for the life in our vlogs but behind the scenes sometimes some days It's difficult She does what she loves to do and that is gardening so Jane loves nature She loves to nurture One of the biggest things for us to move here is a house in the Philippines We have land we have a house under construction And we had all the money in place to finish the house when we came across We never would have moved but we didn't Our house was finished for money we had already saved in the UK We have finances in place for the rest of our lives So we have pensions investments and sorts of things like that So we did a lot of planning We've had questions before about what was I income how do we support ourselves here And be honest it's quite a personal question It's not something we can really disclose as such All I can say is that what works for us It might not work for you If you do want to move to the Philippines then Honest answer to that is I need to work how you're going to support yourself We did that we've got things in place Like he is a lot of planning A lot of sacrificing And we're in a position A good position a solid position We never would move unless we were in that position I didn't feel like going to have a swim today But I didn't think I was going to enjoy the swim So relaxing the sound of the sea The wave is very relaxing I'm enjoying his swim So hopefully we can And travel Probably first week on April We are going to travel a bit After it's a Bella school There are really nice bitches here So why did we start YouTube Well there's many reasons for that And the main one is Members I always loved to look through photographs of myself My sister and my family In the UK growing up All the things we used to do I always wish that they were digital In that they were Videos It was sound And you can look back and watch I remember It's nice to look at a photo It's even better to watch a video I wish YouTube had been around when I was a kid So we decided to do it But it's a Bella for her childhood To record these memories But then it's sort of gone from there really We decided that We can share our memories with people Maybe we can inspire people Maybe we can motivate Maybe we can to entertain them Some humour from time to time But by sharing our lives They might actually have more purpose for others as well So why we do it We love the community We love your comments We love your support Your suggestions Your advice Even your criticism to time It's all valid We really do enjoy it And appreciate it But moving to the Philippines We really Started to record so much more And that's mainly because of my family I didn't want to worry about me It hasn't been here yet It didn't what it's like They've never been to the Philippines I didn't want them to Be concerned for me So they can watch what we do And know that we're happy We're healthy And they're always They're fears I maybe have some entertainment When you watch something Sometimes you actually feel close to somebody When we've met people here in the Philippines They've said to us They feel like they already know us From our YouTube channel And that's really nice Because we try to be as honest Is real to life as we possibly can be Obviously there are things in life There are things here that aren't all perfect It's not all the better roses Not all the time But on our channel We don't like to have negativity If something really needs to be said It would be said So we don't Just Mone and nag And Dwell on petty little things That have no relevance As a so much here that's good And it outweights anything that's bad It really does No country's perfect No life is perfect It's the Philippines' nice country to live In our opinion Absolutely it is And it's not just cost to live in It's the nature It's the people It's the environment It's the way of life It's a slow way of life Jane has family here She hasn't seen for a long time She worked many many years in the UK But I've seen them Every now and then she gets a chance to go across To see them Every time she saw them She'd comment that they look older Making her life is so short You don't have to be a part of your family forever And Jane was for 14 years So long time Really long time So it's my turn to be a waiting family And I don't mind I will see them again this year I keep in constant contact with them I feel close to them We share our memories on YouTube with them And technologies have had so much It's so much easier to do things like this now A picture Daniel Craig and James Bonkin at the sea In reality Probably like Harry Potter or something There she is Oh nice It's very cold when you get in But it's nice after a while It's quite breezy isn't it A little bit of a breeze Yeah Jane will be in next time She can't go in at the moment She's not feeling too great It might affect her blood pressure The drop in the Like cold sea The drop might really Be like a shock to her system But she'll go in next time I'm sure Another question we've had Is Our gym business Is it going to happen I far along with the plan in our way In the moment It's on hold It's not cancelled But we don't feel the time is quite right With James' health And also It's been quite difficult this year Cost of living When things get tough for people They tend to cancel what they don't need In gym memberships As one of those things So it's on the back burner A little bit We're still doing a bit of research A bit of planning We might still pick up Later this year But at the moment We're not going to proceed with it But it's not cancelled It's something that we are going to take up But it might be a few months' time Maybe a bit later down the year See what happens Finding a job as a foreigner in the Philippines Is next to impossible really But it's not to say you can't work Provided you're coming on the right type of visa Well, that does a life of work Then maybe you could become a digital nomad Maybe have work from the country you come from Maybe be a remote worker There's a lot more options now after the pandemic For remote working It might be an option You might be able to Have an agreement where you can do your job From any location Maybe any location in the world even It's possibly feasible The world's changing These sort of things have come in More normal now But if you do come to the Philippines Again, make sure you do have the white fees For that Other ways to make income in the Philippines Is through business Now, if you're foreigner There are businesses you can open But yourself without any Filipinos involved There are restrictions, there are limitations But you might find that by doing this It gives you extra privileges Such as being able to stay in the country And maybe even by lands If you have the right setup Again, it's different for different people So you'd have to do a bit of research on this So there's certainly are things you can do in your own country For income when you're here Probably the biggest one And the most popular is property Maybe have property rentals Live off the rent Or lands or investments All of these sorts of things you can set up in your own country Have an agent to manage them And it'll provide you an income when you're here A passive income Definitely something to look into If you have a little bit of savings Or you have a bit of money Maybe put it to best use You can invest it And maybe even live off the interest Or maybe buy property by land Maybe even a business back in your own country Or like I said, a business here Certainly there are things you can do But come in here and find in the jobs of foreigner And live in here a good comfortable life It's not easy especially if you don't have a house or land To come here and start from scratch So to speak to have nothing It could be difficult It's not impossible But definitely it could be difficult It depends if Like style You just live like a local It depends on what you want from life The quality of life you want If you have a house already and you have no rent No costs like that Then living here really isn't that expensive at all It really can be done Quite modestly Our electricity is quite low Based on where we live and our use And We know we can shop local We can buy from the markets We can buy And even plant our own produce Which we are doing So we can definitely Cut down on our food budget And save money when we need to Reuates... So we have had quite a nice snack here We're going to get the bill And we're gonna head on home It's been good It's been good to get out We have many more questions still to answer And we're going to do those a little bit later And so we had another question which was what was one positive surprise we've found since moving to the Philippines and one negative surprise. So it's been quite a lot of positives, been a few negatives as well. For me personally the biggest positive was driving. I never, ever thought I'd be able to drive here. We visited in 2016 and 2018. I was scared of the roads. We were in a hard car and there's so much traffic people weaving in. People were not stopping, not giving away. People were not indicating. People were cutting each other up, beeping everywhere. But the beeps weren't aggressive and it made me think I don't want to drive here. I really don't want to drive. A lot of foreigners, they really are scared to drive and I don't blame them. But the biggest positive was driving. Actually doing it yourself, learning and not only just learning how to drive but sitting on the other side of the car as in the UK or on the opposite side of the road, opposite side of the car. It's actually been quite easy to drive, really seamless. It's amazing how quickly I took to it. It's actually fun and enjoyable to drive here to get on the road to discover new places, to come places like this. Imagine we didn't drive. We never would get here so easily. Never get to explore or see anything, would you? I mean there's good trikes, there's good transport here but there's nothing like driving. Driving is just the ultimate freedom in the Philippines. On the reverse of that, the big is negative. It has to be the thunderstorms. I've never in my life had any fit of thunder or lightning as a kid. I was the love it. I was the love of the window, seeing the flashes, hearing the bangs. It was all exciting. But then we moved here. I think it's changed. Now. It was a great event. Yeah, it wasn't a straight way for me. Even in the beginning I wasn't too bothered but there was a time, I was just getting myself outside and it was fun and lightning. It was like thunder. Even though we were under an enclosement, it's such, I could see the bashful bolts of lightning. I could feel it almost. I could hear the tremor. Feel the tremor and the ground. It was like a earthquake and it was so loud. That wasn't really it as such but then the storms kept coming in the afternoon. It's not every day but when they come. It's always thunder and lightning. When you hear the thunder and you see the flash, you hear the boom and it's almost instantly. It's like it's outside your back garden. The whole house shakes. I want to say shakes. It shakes. The window shakes. It's like an earthquake. It really is. You can almost hear the progression of the shake. It's far away. It's closer, closer. The window shakes. It sounds like the whole house is going to fall down at times. It's crazy. It's so sudden. It's so violent. It's so beautiful but it is scary. It really is scary how close it is, how loud it is. If you have an experience it for you, you probably don't know what I mean. You probably think I'm over exaggerating but I was like that until I moved here. The thunderstorms are pretty scary aren't they? What are you usually doing during the rest of the day and lightning? I cover my head and my ears. If I can't see it, I can't hear it. It's not there. I thought I'm the only one who was really good but you're a worst at this. It's like when you watch the movie Ted, you remember Ted with the bear with Mark Wahlberg? They have a song about thunder. I'm not going to repeat it for YouTube. It's got some offensive language in it. But people laugh at that but people that hate and scare the thunder. I know how you feel. I really do. And people here, they unfortunately do die from thunderstorms. Yes, there's so many accidents, house born or animals to get hit by thunder. It's quite scary. Hit by lightning. Hit by the lightning, hit the thunder. The thunder is sort of... In some ways when you see the lightning and you haven't heard the thunder you've relieved. Because you know it's not going to hit you. It was already hit the floor. But sometimes it can come out of nowhere. There was one time we were in the kitchen and it was instant. It was flashbang. It came out of nowhere. There was no rain, no warning. Face sudden. For me by far this is the biggest shock or biggest surprise we've had. The biggest negative. It's that I'm now scared. Not scared of everything. Believe it or not, the snake over here. I actually like snakes. I'm not afraid of them. I don't like the ones I can bite you and kill you but the big ones. They're quite peaceful and relaxing to watch. Believe it or not. But... Not for Jane. But the thunder, yeah by far that was the biggest negative so far. They were other negatives obviously but again living in the Philippines. You're going to have good things, you're going to have bad things. We don't dwell on the negative on our channel. The reason is why? Why moan and nag and you know that's what you do in England. That's where we came from. Everyone moans and nag. Well, a moment everybody but we used to. We changed. We left that sort of attitude behind when we moved here. We wanted to come here and make a fresh start. Not be negative and we didn't want to show negativity. Unless we have to. If it wasn't set obviously we'd have discussed it. We'd talk about it, we'd show it. But there's no point being negative for the sake of it because you can't change things. You just adapt, enjoy, get all your lives.