 Good morning guys, welcome back to my last tour. It's a very early Ish start this morning. It's locked. It's locked. Today, like we said last night, we are heading to a new island and that island is where I think you all know very well. It's become very famous for a lot of photos online. It's possibly the best sand bar in the world from what we see and that is Kalank me and island. I might be pronouncing it wrong. We've actually booked our tour through a dive school next door to us. You can book it. There's a lot of locals at there as well, but they all offer it for around a thousand pesos. It's 500 entry. It's got to be the most expensive island to visit, to enter even. I think it's for a reason it is incredible. We actually paid about 200 pesos extra each to do it with a dive school, but that includes your lunch, entry fee, the lot. So, we have our towels, two towels for the day. Actually next door to our hotel is where we booked it. It's sea explorers, so we're going to go there now. It's actually a dive centre and there is everyone getting ready for their dive. I still don't think I could ever do it even if I had a padded ice. That's coming next year. I'm definitely going to do my paddy next year. I'm so excited. I think they said I can do it in Batangas, so I'm thinking maybe in the new year. I think there's a few paces that you can do it. But we have a big boat. I think there's more people on it now today, which is even better for us, because we were really worried that it wasn't going to go ahead. The sea is very rough, so we might have to put the camera away. We are all checked in. We've just got to wait for the small light shuttle boat, because it's a bit rough today. We've got to go in that. It's taken us round to the bigger boat, because the big boats can't come here. They're not getting stuck on shore, which happens to us when we arrive on our ferry from the mainland. But it's here. We've ran to the front, like up a little school children, because they're all excited. I'm sure we might make sure that we can get to a bit where it's going to be like a dry enough. It's quite a big boat that you get to go on. I think it just takes you around the corner of the island to where the sea isn't as rough. So it's absolutely huge. You could pretty much live on the air, right? The other boat was super bumpy, but this I can't feel the waves at all. We've had to retreat inside a kitchen area of the boat. It was extremely rough. We'll take on quite far the waves are just taking an overview. I've got a faculty, which is actually going everywhere as we've been. We're just sitting back and enjoying the ride. I think it's an hour and a half, and hopefully quick, because everything is getting so thin. You need to see the size of this boat though. We've got a smoking area, a slash kitchen area at the back, and then it leads all the way through. We've got the captain, we've got a toilet over there. There's about 30 seats to this side. There is an inside area, which we may have to go on if it gets rough. You come all the way to the front. You have the front of the boat, comes round, all the way down, and then the same all the way to the other side. This has got to be the biggest boat we've been on. Definitely worth it for the sake of an extra 200 pesos. You get to the island so much quicker. Behind us is Helangerman Island. I think I've pronounced that correctly. We just float in towards there now, because this is actually a snorkeling spot and a dive in the spot. We're actually going to get dropped off onto the island. And then I think we're crossing the snorkel out so it's a little bit shallower just for me. I really wish we had our dive in nice. Since we need to get up had the ASA pick. Everyone's there getting set up to dive. And there's us with a stupid pair of goggles and snorkels. And we can't really do it here because everything is so deep down. So we're going to have to get dropped to the island and then swim out. Obviously we're going to check out the sandboth first. And then we can raise some weed. We are here. We are on at the sandboth. It goes on forever. And the sea next to it is so blue. It's like turquoise blue, it's unreal, so clear, so clean. It really isn't that busy, which I'm really surprised at. But I just can't believe how crispy it is. The cup for it goes on for it. Look at this. And there's a lot of sea rea-slee. Oh, and there as well. Wow, it's crazy. You can't sandboth as a beach because this is looking like the best in the Philippines. This is seriously incredible. You've got the little bends that curves around at the end there. And then coming up to the island as well, the sandboth is huge to sand. Wow, so, so, so, and it's not that busy. We're expecting this to be really, really busy. I think it's only allowed to fight. Look at the colour of the sea. Like seriously, look at the colour of the sea. It's just very, very windy today. But they only allow 500 people a day on this island. So it's not overcrowded. You can get your photo. We're going to walk up there in a bit because I'm check out if there's any like shops, restaurants. I think you can actually stay on here, but I'm not sure if that's still the case. As you can see, Molly is very happy with her photo. Check us out on Instagram, double and travel. But as you can see, everyone covers at this bend. So what you think, I'm thinking we head up there. Oh, I've fallen over. Look at that. The view is incredible, Molly. I know. No sight. Talking about the island, not you. But you're so mean. Look at it. Wow. I'm hoping that someone can get a coconut again. Oh, yes. A coconut. But honestly, this side of the sea is so rough and so windy. That side is not windy at all. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. It's actually crazy. It seems to take about 10 minutes to walk from the far end to the actual island part of the island. It's nice in here. There's a lot of like cabanas where you can chill out. I think there might be a couple of little restaurants. I knew before that you used to be able to bring a tent here and stay overnight. I don't know if that's still the case. I don't know if there's a small resort now. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Incredible. Not as windy here, which is nice. I'm going to try and get the drone out. I think out there is going to get blown into the sea. Walking through the middle of the island now. I think it actually is still uninhabited. There's a couple of tents up here actually. I think, I'll see if I can have a word with them. I think that they might be paying to stay in tents. There's no actual hotels. You can see the cabanas behind me. There's a medical station. Beats volleyball. Doesn't even look like there's any restaurants on here. It's still very much a virgin island. Very untouched. I think that's the charm of this place. So yeah, I was just chatting to these guys behind me. Apparently for the tent, you pay 300 and nights. Bring your tent on. Which is amazing. I've got a toilet over there as well. For 300 pace hosts, just stay on a place like this. That is incredible. You've got medical facilities. Obviously, you've got your tent. You've got your toilet. It's going to be posting a video from on here. It's definitely something that I'd like to try out if we had longer. Maybe if we come back, we can bring a tent. And for 300, it's so cheap. I walk all the way back because our boat is coming in now from their dive. I think we'll have a lunch on the boat. And then after we've had lunch, which actually I think is going to be amazing. Like vegetable noodles, grilled vege, chicken fish, whatever. I've seen you would like. I think after we've had lunch, we actually get to come back on the island. Where the other guys do another dive. I can't wait to come back. Lunch was lovely. Chicken, rice, vege, noodles, the lot. But unfortunately, we've got to leave them again. I feel so useless that they'll go for a dive. But I mean, I haven't got a bad island, Chilon. I think we're just going to go that chill for a bit. Maybe try a little snorkel. What are you thinking? A little snorkel? I want a snorkel so badly. We're going to do our own scuba diving tour with a plastic snorkel. Snorkels are out. You know what that means? You can't come with us. We've got to get the GoPro out. I just can't wait to get in there. Look at the colour of it. It looks so inviting. But you can only snorkel this end. You can't go to there. Apparently the rip tide is crazy. I've not got a life jacket, so I've got to stay in the shadow end. Well, that was a bit disappointing. The first disappointing thing of the day, the island has been incredible. I've gone for a snorkel in and around the island. There was not much going on. I think they are further out there somewhere. Or is it that side? No. This side. Where the boats are. All the boats there? Yeah, the boat. Yeah, somewhere. We're now just waiting for the boats to come pick us up because they're doing another dive. I think I don't know if we have time or we have to jump in where they are diving. And I mean, we might get a better snorkel luck. We've got the GoPro. What GoPro? Charge the GoPro. We've just been picked off from the island. And they've taken us to a better place to snorkel. Matt's gone in there now. I'm going to do this really deep. You can see everyone underneath him diving. So I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm like paddles, put my feet in. But I'm going to try maybe. And we are back. What an incredible, oh, incredible day. Seriously, quick bee. I'm your favourite island in the Philippines. Beach at least. Does a sand bar count as a beach? I don't know. I didn't see anything. Snorkel in at the end there off the boat because it was just too, the coral was like, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It was just too, the coral was like 10 meters down, which is why I need to get my paddy, open water licence as soon as possible. Maybe in Batangas because I know that's the closest one to Minila, I believe. But honestly, incredible the day. If you come to Man de Pasqua, you have to go to Kalangiman, terrible pronunciation island. Seriously, amazing, amazing sand bar. But it is our last night. The video is now posting, it's posting on my phone's data, so I don't know. If it will post, but last night we are on the Tandoi. Where's Molly? Somewhere out here. There she is. We are on the Tandoi. But that's going for dinner, but we're off to another brand new island. Tomorrow we're very, very excited to do that. So, God, look how red we look. We look really red. So we're going to have an early night. We are indeed. Yeah, another new island. We just keep going to New Islands at the moment. It's going to be quite a travel day tomorrow, I think. So stay tuned for that. And if you're new to the channel, with 12 Luggers, we do vlogs throughout the Philippines. I'll subscribe to it in every video. I don't know why you'll new to the channel. You should have watched our final. But yeah, if you are new, hit that subscribe. Drop us a like. And keep on doubling.