 If you could see what I see, you're the answer to my brain. And if you could see what I see, you're the answer to my brain. Good afternoon folks, somewhere between 3.30 and 4pm, 17th January, Wednesday. I've got the video zoomed in, I want to see what the quality looks like. You can see I'm in my yard, there's the Kubo, like 5.7 times zoomed in, there's the mountains. I mean when I'm standing here, they're almost as close to me in real life, and we're in real. But on the video it always puts it back out a little bit. So I'm going to zoom back in. So here's what the video makes it look like. I'm a lot closer in this video showing you right now. Anyway, I just wanted to do a little test on it. Thank you. Look what I discovered out here in the workshop now. It used to be the barracks. Looks like somebody's getting ready to do something with some ginger. Brother JC, brother Jay, my lady jazz, I don't know. I'm always discovering something. Here's some extra boards I want to use up at the front to lay down. Maybe this black board or maybe a piece of that, I don't know. I just want to lay it down so I can sort of grab or dirt that I do put on those cement boxes and spacers between them. Doesn't get what do you call it? Doesn't fall through those cracks or seep through the openings there. I don't know where stuff's coming from. Looks like some clothes fell down somewhere. This is some stuff in the workshop there. You can see if they got a saw in here or somewhere. I'm going to look in the moment here. There's a saw. I'm going to use cut it. Also, as an extra toilet the original engineer brought out here, he was going to put in my house. I was like, get down. I hear it's about 900 pesos. There's some extra tiles here. And this is... Look at this. Nobody told me. It broke. Maybe the plan was to weld it back. I don't know. But it broke. This is how. It's supposed to be. I got a piece here. A piece there. And it welded right there. Maybe that's the plan brother Jake. Let me come back. I do like to know about these things. My gloves are bought a few weeks back. These are originally a world of gloves. But I bought them when I produced stuff around the house. That's trash now. So I don't know where the pole is for this rake. I guess it'll be found sooner or later. Maybe it's out here somewhere. I'll ask brother Jake when he comes back. Pretty sure that's the plan just to repair it. Well, there's the saw well used tomorrow. I got to get my... Not doing as much good out here. I got to find a place where I want to put those in the house. I want to upstairs and one downstairs. I'm just out here looking. See what tools and materials are available. Let me step back out of here. I've got a lot of extra stuff. This is always good to keep. Because you never know when you might need some of this. One of these is my extra pipe from my whale. And then one or two is for this side of the property over here. When I run my electrical wire down this side of the property to the cubo. Once we move the cubo, I'm not going to do it right now. I'm just going to make a list of different projects. I got mine planned for the place initially. And we'll juggle the priorities of them as we move along. Still haven't heard back from Ricky the bulldozer guy. About whether or not he's coming Friday. We've messaged him, but he hasn't responded. So he hasn't been paid for the hour and 15 minutes of work he's done yet. So I mean he's not like, you know, hiding or nothing. He probably just finished up another job somewhere. It tends to happen a lot around here. Jobs get started. And they start another job where they hadn't completed the one job. I don't know why. That's just the way things are done here for some folks anyway. The tricycle is parked. Brother JC still needs to learn how to drive it. And Lady Jazz was trying to learn one day too. We're going to get her back on it. Jay has gone to Manila with Lynn, his young sister-in-law, and Jaja, his oldest child, to pick up his misses and his youngest son. So he's going to be gone for a few days, maybe be back. I don't know. I'll find out from Lady Jazz. James is working solo on the Veranda over there. Last time I saw him he was by the outside CR. Got some things to do there. He's still here because there's his bike. There's a little wascle. Come outside, he's here. I just came out to do a look-see. Take a few pictures for the thumbnail. And I don't know. I've got to find something else for my next video project here. What we're going to do is something that's a little bit more, hopefully interesting somewhere. But we'll see. All right folks, I'll just stop there so I don't want to keep talking. Ciao, mate. Good morning people. Thursday morning, 19 January. It's a little after, between 7, 7, 30. Hi baby, you have a good day at school. It's a breener. Getting ready to be taken to school. Not by herself. But Tito, she said something to her, but I can't hear her. Hopefully the wind. Okay, you're going to ride the scooter with Tito. He's going to take the scooter with her. He's not comfortable yet driving the tricycle. He'd have most in the city so they take out the tricycle. He's got to practice him more on the tricycle. Yes, believe it or not. Everything. Just taking in some of the scenery today, waiting on James to show up. Just be James solo today. There's the horse that man's sitting. It's a caribou out and it's horse out. They grew over there from the house area over there. She's patiently waiting. Obviously I'm up on the Veranda. There's Tito. I'm going to give her ride to school. Brother Jay and John Lander and Manila they left yesterday afternoon. They left the lunch. Bye baby. Bye, bye out. Anyway, James is going to be working solo today. I had him shovel some of this stuff here yesterday to bring it to the back. Some stuff over here. And continue today. There's still stuff there. I just want to get most of the sand and gravel up as I can. As I've stated before, so it doesn't get spread from like this was. See, I really don't want a lot of that. You know, it's just dust. And everything. You can see the green grass is coming. There they go. Bye guys. Be careful. So you can see the darker grass. The more grass is what we cut first. Then we came over here and started to grow a little bit here. And a little bit over there. And then here and of course the back. Then we come over here. This is the joy in my morning coffee. With my morning view. I'm walking around. I'm figuring out and take a little bit of footage again. Well, the wind's probably. See, I can't hear the wind until I follow the recording back. And I think there. Where's my coffee? Da da. Go back and get it. So anyway, we'll be working on some things here for James. Contemplating today might be his last day here for just a little while. At least at the minimum until Jake gets back next week. Or maybe longer, I don't know which had to see. They were working on the grout, getting the grout down. They're just some stains from the water and stuff. On the thing here and stuff. It's a whatnot, so I don't wash up eventually. It's outside, you know. And then we're going to. Other things we're going to work on here. This is their shade thing yesterday. I'm still waiting for the solar lights to come in. So we can get them up. Then we're going to, like I said before, work on the wall. The lights and the inside wall. And then still waiting for the rookie, the bulldozer guy. There's no response to us whether it's coming tomorrow or not. If not, we'll just start with the shovels. And start leveling the hills out anyway. At least those put them in the wheelbarrow. And take them to the low area or do it manually. Always have a. Be contingency plan. C, D, E, F, G. Things never go according to plan. If they do, that's a rarity. Enjoy it. My 38 months back in the early 80s, it was that way. There's James Rodinus bicycle over. Son still coming up. So anyway, that's the kind of the plan for today. I've been contemplating some other ideas for other videos and stuff. That's what we're doing here. Going back to the build home build, because you know, she's still not complete. So we're going to go with the home build for now. And once I've filled it, she's reached the final build status, which we're working on on on. Then we evaluate the titles. But we are more than just a build program here. You can't tell by the video is okay, yeah. Alright guys, let's see if I can stream some videos together and we'll see what comes for today. Alright folks, thank you.