 We all know the famous Indian and Thickaries, Vietnamese noodles or Japanese sushi. But have you ever heard of Filipino adobo and seasick? We didn't. However, since we are in the Philippines, we are having a little food party every day, from the authentic or a bit more westernized dishes. They are all delicious. So today we will show you all the famous Filipino foods that are a must try on your trip to the Philippines. Join us on our food adventure. We are in the green kitchen restaurant and we ordered so much food that the staff came and asked us again, do you want it for takeaway or are you really going to eat here? And to be honest, I wanted to order even more because just everything that I have here in the menu, I'm searching for the food. It's really good. It's really good. I think we choose the top Filipino dishes and they say it's next level. So exciting. Look what we have. We have Tapa over here and seasick. I hope our pronounce that good. Seasick. Seasick. Seasick. Seasling. Seasick. And seasick is normally made from pork belly and chicken liver and more pork meat stuff. But guess what? A pork airship. Guess what? This one is vegan. And I think it looks way more promising. And here at the top, I'll just eat any kind of meat and they put it in a lot of spices and it smells delicious both of them. And I really think it's going to be next level. They gave some vinegar with this and they said it's really good to eat. And we have now food coming. Oh. No food. I don't know. We can leave it here. Thank you. See I told you it's a lot of food. But it didn't refuel the Tapa yet. It's delicious but I just cannot place the taste. It's a bit like the vinegared. I can't, I never taste something I guess before. It's amazing. Really. I'm going to try everything I need. And the next thing we're going to try is the national dish of the Philippines. How can it come? It's like sweet and salty taste. I think Mira would really like it. It's really nice. I might know why people love Filipino food. Now the sissy. Oh. It's a bit more fresh. I'm compared with the other ones. I'm also really nice. But we're eating it wrong. I think you have to eat it with rice and everything middle-aged. You know, and the almost. And all this different flavors in your mouth. It's going to be a good day. It's just the noodle itself is already really good. We have to make the confession. Before we went to the Philippines, we set each other like, why do we go if we can't even eat food? Because we were really, a lot of people made us really scared. They said you can just eat meat and it's all not the best. And then since we're here, we have maybe one of the best foods we've had. Every meal, every meal we think, what? This is just perfect. It's perfect. Even the pizza is also we had to know like this. All next one of the best. People know how to cook here. I'm so full. I may or just told me that we have to go to a few more places to eat food. And please, if you think like, oh, you're eating food and so it's not proper with food, please come here and judge yourself. And let us know in the comments or we really still missing out. Because I think that this is really close. I cannot imagine it can be any better with meat. But let us know. I really want to be honest, please. That is how it is. There was a big, big, big launch. We also packed more than half of the stuff we ordered. So we're going to have a nice dinner tonight. Found it. Now we're later with the founders. Next restaurant for all of you Filipina Fuz. Let's go. Chicken, chicken, two-piece chicken, beef, chicken. Chicken, giant chicken, sweet and sour fish. Chicken, sushi. So what do we eat now then? I guess the plate mirror. The famous Halo Halo. Finally, it's time to try this. Really since I'm doing my research about the Philippines, it just pops up everywhere. Like Halo Halo. That's their proud. And I must say, it looks promising. But when he said this was cheese on top, I got a little bit scared. Cheese on ice cream. I don't know about that. But we will try. And we also got lasher flan. Lid-je. Lid-je flan. And it's also really typical from here. And that one, I think, looks nice. That's right. So I got some cheese. I got some des. What is that coconut milk? I don't know. Probably just no milk. I tried to put a lot of different things on my spoon. Oh, there's a beans. So now I got some balls as well. What's that thing here? It's so cool. I'm not sure if I really taste the cheese. But I think this ice cream is, I think, the other ice cream is also typical from here. Yeah, this ice cream is really good. It's not too sweet. You have a lot of different structures. There's also a shaved ice in it. A lot of these toppings. And I think this everybody will be different. Can I not just drink it? Interesting. I think it's coconut milk, shit. And drop it all over the water. I'll be in the mess. Can I not drink it like this? Maybe this is the way to eat it. Probably not. It's so different. A lot of countries they have shaved ice. And they also put some toppings. But this one is really not comparable to all of them. And way way better. I will ask maybe what this is. Maybe this is the Uber gem. I can just put this on my bread. And I don't know what this is. The dark purple. But that's amazing. First I told you what it was browning. Browning. Browning. Oh yeah. There's some jetties. Oh. I think these are beans, you know. Yeah, there's some protein. Really little beans. And here is a lachiflone. But we can also try it here, of course. No. Mmm. Mmm. Oh, it's not bad. But I wouldn't order it again. So I'd eat this as like this must be a mother dish, you know. You cannot imagine that this already exists for years. Oh, it's a name, it's fancy. Yeah, the halo halo. But the part in halo halo means mix mix. So it makes mix and it already exists since the beginning of the 90 hundreds. When the Japanese game is seen through in spite of Japanese, they introduce it. So this is a really old dish. I'm wondering if they also had these colorful candy jelly things back in the time. Oh. And this was when Spanish game. Oh, really? Well. Just as ice cubes in it, it's so cold. It's really refreshing. Let us know in the comments how often do you eat this? It's really like a special thing you eat once in a month. No, your birthday or so or your Christmas or just every week. Do you make this at home as well? It's our last set. I'm just going to do bottom soup. So let's go. Man, this is more like a food cello. That's a lot. Oh, you wait, wait, wait. Oh, it actually tastes really good. Let's do bottom soup. You don't have a must-touch. You have a halo moustache, guys. Okay, after a successful halo halo party, now we are going to our next food place. And hopefully we are going to try the real, real Filipino food there. What is the wall? What is the wall? The Suns of Ival. So our next dessert is the Suns of Ival. I almost gave up on this dessert because I just couldn't find it. And now we are just walking outside to pass by and shop. And I was looking to my left and I thought that it is. Then it's the Suns of Ival. And when I was doing my research about the Philippines of the Surks, this one was the most popular to me. To my rang with cashew nuts. And I think it's really soft. If you call it, it goes like this. And it's really popular on Filipino. So... It's five of the Suns of Ival. This is really good. And just a bit... Have you said it? It's heavy. And so I thought it was like meringue. So it's really soft. And it's almost melting here. But it's not melting. It's still very good. So our next dessert we are going to take on our last day in the Philippines. But we forgot something. And now we still have some time to fix it. And hopefully they have it. Let's go. We are at the larger place. What if we just cover on the ends that is investing in our lives? The chocolate one was already really really good. And now we of course have the peach mango pie. As so many of our Philippines subscribers said this is the one the peach mango pie. So my expectations are high. This one was already really good to chocolate one. Can you take it out? Super warm. Oh look at me. So it's a warm little baby. Let's go. Just promising. And there's some orange on it. Is that one the package? Yeah, it's a huge one. It burnt yourself. It's nice. It's really nice. It's a bit comparable with this one. Of course the crispy outside, the sugar crispy outside. And it's delicious inside. But it's a bit too warm. I think today's. But it's yeah. The first question is really good. But I think it gets away a bit longer. You can really cool down. Normally when you order meal you order this also on the side. And when you finish it, then this is maybe the perfect temperature to eat. We are still cooling down the mango pie. So that's probably this one. Yeah, this one is the winner. Oh yeah. No, I don't know. It's not gonna be warm right? A little bit burning, maybe. Yeah? Man. It's so simple and innovative still. You take a very big. You look at that control. No, I always take mini bites. Look at this. You can see like the pulern chocolate and the marshmallow is all melted together or. But I must say, I think this one is just as good as that one or the mango one. They're all really really good. Is it mango right? Or it's still warm. Yeah, they're both. So I dropped on my feet. Oh. You do this for the verbal eyes? It's really bird-y. My tongue. I just have an insect bite the fries on my feet and I drink the warm peach there. Okay, let's second attempt. We didn't have anything. I was biting and it fell out from the outside. Oh, but it's really cool. It's nice. I don't feel like too much chemical. It is. It is right. But I think this is the winner for me. This one. Oh, it's so dangerous. I'm actually giving these to your children. Don't try this at home. Let them sit there for five minutes, ten minutes. Oh, I think they both are so. So last bite, they wrap. I was waiting for the bite. Yeah. I think they don't know. Okay, that's it for the video. We'll see you in the next one.