 It is very... strong. Trippie. Trippie. And then cooking with bagoong first versus maybe dipping something in it. This is a quiet taste, right? So many different flavors that I was not used to and now it was like it is kind of like... POOM! Really punchy. But I learned to love it and now I cannot think of dishes without it. What's up, Philippines? Welcome back to another reaction video with your host Naly. I'm so happy to see you back again. Today we're back from the video that is about grocery shopping. Yep. What should you buy at a Filipino grocery store? I'm very curious to know. I mean, I've been to many, many grocery stores. A little grocery store blocks as well. I know I think a two about Filipino products. So, I would say we'd ask Peta to do. Let's see what this lady has to say about grocery shopping. My show takes me to a lot of international grocery stores. And if I have learned one thing, there is a lot of really cool food out there that I have no idea about. So I agree. I agree. We've had people share dishes with us. We've had people share how to order delivery food with us. Why don't I have them share how to shop with us? So today I'm in Wukai Queens and in a neighborhood that's also known as a little manila outside of Phil Ambrosa. And my friend Janelle, we're going to show us all how to shop with a little more knowledge down the aisles of a Filipino grocery store. Let's go. Here you go. I'm Janelle Castro and I was born in Manila, Philippines. The Philippines is a huge melting pot of cultures. We've got ingredients from our local restaurants as outside influences from colonization and migration. I can spend hours in a Filipino grocery store because there's still a lot of stuff that you can take in. And I'm so excited to walk you through one. I love grocery shopping in different countries. They have it fresh. I made this for an episode. So, check. You'll see a lot of canned goods in a Filipino grocery store. And that's a product of American troops coming into the Filipino Islands during the wars. If I had to have you try. We canned items from a Filipino store. It would be a good brand of corn beef. My family's favorite brand is Belimando Corn Beef, spam and sardines into native. Bam! I could do that all day. And yeah, sardines. I had to do it during the pandemic. They have a brand corn beef here. They have an Australian one, a New Zealand one, a Brazilian one. But if you're looking for a good corn beef recipe from Philippines, I make corn salog on the channel. And it is honestly absolutely delicious. And you could obviously use any of these corn beefs. There are a lot of options for sardines with tomato sauce all from the Philippines too. They're really good though. Some pasta. It's really delicious. There's a bunch of different oils down there. I know that tinned fish is a trend right now, but canned fish is also worthy of your time and effort. I feel like people talk about banana ketchup a lot. But I think the vinegars in a Filipino store are super underrated. I have never seen so many vinegars in my life. I could have seen so much one. So interesting. I had no idea that like flavored vinegar like this was a thing and I'm very into it. You can get vinegars that are made from coconut. This is so cool. Yep. Only $379. Sugarcane. Super cool. Spiced with chilies and so much more. They are way tastier than white distilled vinegar. Oh yeah. And if you try some dishes and let it stew a little bit, it makes your dishes pop. I think this one's going to come home with me. Yeah. This is good choice. They're like really full of stuff. Or you can just use it as a dip for something that's super fatty like fried pork or fried chicken. Yep. Ooh. They're dipping dressing, cooking and much more. Crispy. So much skin. So my skin. But all our varieties of fermented fish, shrimp or cray. And there's a ton of different types. They are pretty pungent and they can really stick up your refrigerator. Yeah. But you add a little bit to your dish and it gives it this depth of like full mommy flavor that you can't get with a lot of ingredients. Okay, okay. I get the one. This is an acquired taste, right? So the very first time I came to Asia, I was just like, oh, what is this? It's like fish paste and you just like, oh man, like so many different flavors that I was not used to. And now I was like, she say it is kind of like, pung, really punchy. But I learned to love it. And now I cannot think of dishes without it. So definitely one of the things that you have to try. I get the one. I get the one. That's the one. It's dark brown and it's a sauteed shrimp paste. Oh, I know this paste well. I actually had this with raw green mango and I did dip it and it's powerful. It's powerful. It's powerful. Whoa, that shrimp paste is something else. It is very strong. Shrimpy. Shrimpy. And then cooking with my goong first versus maybe dipping something in it. And if you want to go with your recipes, I can help with that. Nice. Which I'm gonna try. It's a raw, no. It's like ever made on my channel. Oh my god. Let's call it. Yeah. Manto mas is kind of like that. Gen that a lot of people. Oh yeah, that's like, what is it that's talked about outside? I don't think a lot of people recommend it. Such a strong bread. Cheap, savory and sweet sauce. It's really good. I have never even heard of this sauce. It's thinner than I expected. I guess I don't really know what I expected, but it genels as if good. It's going in. You can add it at room temperature or I like heating it up and then you can dip fried pork, fried chicken. You can add it on your rice and it just like makes it taste so good. Hello, are you just like holding a head? Noodles and Filipino cuisine. Noodles, noodles, noodles. The most popular one though is called Bancit Bihon. These are not the right noodles, but I use these to make an instant noodle sandwich. From Phillipine, using Pandasal bread, which they do have here, which was so good. These instant noodles are the best. Boom, these are the noodles, can now come on dead. You use that to make Filipino Bancit the most popular type of noodle dish that you probably would hear about. It's a rich, but they look really good. Going in. If you're in the chips section, currently in the chips section, what do I look for? My three that I would recommend, people try these. Sober chips, sweet corn and boi baoang. So sweet corn kind of looks like little cheese. It's so good. It's like cheese with sweet corn. It's so good. Yeah. Pops sweet corn ones. Finding everything. Boi baoang is kind of like cornuts, but they're smaller and they're easier to chew. I think they're crunchy or I also think they taste a lot better. Boi. There's a lot of flavors of boi baoang. They're all fantastic, but you can start with the garlic flavor. And clover chips are interesting because they're kind of yatchacharoni. That is good with vinegar. And they also have all these other flavors, but you can start off with the cheese. So while you're there, also look for this packet of dry seasoning called Simeedang mix. They have a lot of these spice blend, which I think is like one. Simeedang is one of the best soups ever. It's just sour. It's just so good. This is like, you can just buy the one bag and boom, you're in. But Jinella is recommending a very specific one. The Simeedang mix is a really fast way to make Simeedang, which is a sour soup from the Philippines. It's my favorite soup. It's my favorite soup too. Okay, this is the one that Jinella recommended. The Simeedang mix. Hot. This looks good though. I love tamarind flavor. So, going in. If you want any drinks, the Philippines has some delicious tropical juices like mango juice, or lemon seed juice. Mango juice. Always go from mango juice. The other one's seed is a tiny sixes and a few. It's got some floral notes to it. It smells really good. Is it alright? They have frozen packets of calamansi juice here, and it just says that you can add it to a glass of water or cook with it. And I actually need this for a recipe. So, going in. This is in the fridge. It's very refreshing and it's so good if you mix it with some cold water. Oh, this is just beautiful. We also squeeze this on top of this dish. It's like a bunch of it. Then, for a nice quick Filipino breakfast, you can grab some frozen pre-marinated meats. Oh, these are the marinated. How do I feel? They're marinated a little more on the sweeter side. You can just cook them on a pan with a little bit of water until it caramelizes. They have the frozen meats too. And here's the marinated pork and marinated chicken.