 Assalamu alaikum, today we are in Sebus City and we are going to experience lechon Yes Sorry, you know what I mean We came here to the Philippines and we haven't tried lechon ever and it was a good thing because we reserved ourselves for Sebu which is known as the city of the good lechon Yes, we are here with our very good friends At the gates of Engina Hello Hi, my love So we are planning to devour this lechon Have you ever tried lechon? Strong, so very hungry You have been trying greekos ever Engina either Engina tries in other locations Eng movies But they say this is best here in Sebu So yeah, the expectations are high We are already here in Azú, Azú, Azú, I want to sing a song, I want to sing down. Hola. They can fry it for us. Okay. So we are going to eat fish and raw extension. We already have one big orange, one big orange, one big orange, one big orange, one big orange, one big orange, one big orange. You got big colespress, but very good. If you really like your spices. We already ordered. So there's no shingdao and a kumquat. We know every time we go to a restaurant here in the Philippines, that they have chicken, they actually don't have it available. So the foreigners say that they don't have chicken. They are very good. They are very good. In the middle we have like, we saw another guy in the kitchen who's eating. They just eat the white one. I don't know. I don't know. Something that makes us more than we eat. Very happy about that. Happy the end of the day. Happy the end of the day. Happy the end of the day. Hopefully that means that our food is coming soon. Okay. You are going to have five minutes of food. Oh. She's hungry. She's hungry. I am not hungry. Mine Ellie. Can you bring it? I want one. Thank you. It's not crispy. Yeah, they fried it. They fried it. They fried it. They fried it to make it crispy, but it's not crispy. It is chewy. It's really good. It's really good. Oh no. We eat this with lemon and mango. We're lying. We're lying. What is the sauce that is supposed to make it? What is the sauce that is supposed to make it? The vinegar. The vinegar. Which one is the vinegar? This one. The orange one. I think this one is the one that is supposed to make it. I must say that the vinegar is very, very good. I don't know what is this combination, what did they came up with, but it's so good. And it's a bit spicy, too. I thought I didn't like the skin, but the meat is good. The vinegar punches you in the face. Well, it has more than the other one. No, it's not. It's pepper. Pepper. I didn't find it spicy. However, if that's more than the other one, it makes it so much sense, because it's sending it a bit of a loss. I hate Molondron in the Philippines. Come here. Come here, Molondron in the Philippines. It's something that I don't do in my country. I love it. I love it. And I hate it. I am so hungry. I am meeting like I have anything in week. The lesson definitely takes the price. Value the final aspect. The skin takes so much better, so much crispier when you put it in the vinegar. Guys, by the way, Santoninho is here. Santoninho is here. Santoninho is representing. Okay, final thoughts. Food was freaking delicious. It was good, yes. Except for the part that the skin was chewy. Yeah, yeah. Pots to my service. I mean, they are nice. The thing is that I feel they are under-shaft. They are not at the same time. Some stuff is slow. It takes like an unnecessary amount of time. Normally, during the day. Would I eat here again? Yes. But I would do shit differently. I would not come here starving like I can. I would have some merienda with me. Recommendation. Have your merienda before coming in here. Yeah. Because it's not fast food. It's good and quality food. So I would eat first and you know, have something small first. And then I would come in. And also... Well, yeah, that's my only... Yeah, my complaint was that that I was starving. Nothing related to the... I would also skip the big, big, big, big, big, big... I thought it might add the... It's not the authentic big, big, big, big... Obviously, you have to go to be cold. To have the authentic big. Yeah, let's all go to be cold to buy. We can eat today. Thank you so much for watching this vlog. Now, watch. This video appears right here. It's recommended by YouTube algorithm especially for you. So click on it right now.