 What's good, y'all? It's a dumbest sh**. It's React and we're back with another video. Who we got to listen to? Today we're back with another American reaction. I'm super excited about this video guys. If you're new to us, make sure you scroll down. Hit that subscribe button and turn on the post notification bell. Because we're on the road to 100k. And we cannot get there without you guys. Alright, join the family without further ado. Let's get into the video. Let's get it. The Philippines is the complex archipelago nation in the northeast of Southeast Asia. Made up of over 7,000 islands across an area that's probably larger than you think it is. This area is well known for having plenty of Spanish influences. But what were these islands like before the Spanish came? Furthermore, why was, and is, the archipelago so important? And how does the modern country integrate all 7,641 of its islands? First, let's understand Philippine geography for context. The modern Philippines can be easily divided into three island groups. Luson, the Vesayas, and Mindeno. Luson, as a region, holds around 62 million people, while the island of Luson by itself has a population of 53 million, alone making a more than half the country's population. Luson is also home to what's known as Metra Manila, a mega city of 13 million made up of a collection of different smaller cities, including the capital Manila and the largest individual city, Kazon City. The city of Manila is the densest city in the world, with more than 43,000 people per square kilometer. That's like 0.04 people per square meter. For context, Macau, the most densely populated territory in the world, Runaway, what have you been doing? Did you imagine that 0.0? What? Can you imagine that? No. Because I know how you like your space. Yeah, that's like us being in our room. We just could be in our room because the houses would be smaller. It was like Addy's, like a whole bunch of Addy's. Yeah. That's what I was thinking. We got to look at the homes. We haven't seen any homes from the Philippines yet. Yeah, and I hope he goes into Deathboud, like drop that angle down, because we all are spaces we're looking at the other islands. Right, right. Right. You gotta go back 10th, you know, I'll be stopping it for a long time. It's alright though. We're going to see 3,000 people per square kilometer. That's like 0.04 people per square meter. For context, Macau, the most densely populated territory in the world, holds around 21,000 per square kilometer. In fact, the second, third, and sixth densest cities in the world are also located with a metronomonilla. Luson as a whole is highly urbanized, with some of the country's biggest and most important deep water ports, and accounts for nearly two thirds of the country's GDP. As a region, Luson is also associated with the islands of Mindoro and Palawan, together the Mamoropa region to the southwest, as well as the Bicola region to the southeast. Seconds are the Bisaes, comprised primarily of Beholl, Cebu, Leice, Negros, Panai, and Samar, though Palawan can also sometimes be included in this list. The peoples of these islands speak several different yet closely related to Bicion or Bicion dialects, and are also where Ferdinand Magellan first landed, and was later killed. Lastly, Mindano is the southernmost cluster of islands, and its western portion remains predominantly Muslim to this day. Mindano itself is the second largest island after Luson, and is home to 26 million people, many of whom live in the largest city, Davao. Mindano, however, is also one of the poorer areas of the country, making up only 17% of the national economy, largely supported by agriculture, fishing, and forestry. But before we can learn more about what this country is like, and what challenges it has to deal with nowadays, first we have to...no, no, no, this is not an ab-break, this video is insponsored. Okay, what I was going to say was, we must first ask, what was a like in the past? More specifically, what was a like before the Spanish arrived? These islands and these regions are essentially only one country because of, well, Spanish colonialism. Before the Spanish first arrived, however, the map was a lot more fractured. The first credible written record in the Philippines, written in a mixture of old Java, knees, old Malay and Sanskrit, dates back to around 80, 900. However, the Philippine cultures also developed the round-writing system from the 14th through 16th centuries. In Avogida, known as Bayan, I very briefly mentioned it in my video on White India, and also Southeast Asia have so many writing systems, but by the end is part of the Brahmic family of writing systems, a descendants of Kali which itself descended from Brahmi, which may or may not, it's still very disputed, descend from Aramaic, it's self-sharing a common ancestor with scripts including Latin, Cyrillic and Arabic, Phoenician. Back in those days, the islands were home to a whole host of different qualities. While certain areas were often controlled by outside powers like the Brunei Sultanate, it was also home to small palatites like Ma'i and Tondo. These states often adopted a form of government known as Barangay, as small palatites anywhere in size from small communities to city-states. Rulers took one of many different titles depending on the region, from sultans and islamized areas to rages where there have been extensive contact with Malaysia and Indonesia, to Lacan's among the Tagalogs. Interestingly, Barangays are still a thing in the modern Philippines as well, though these centuries they form the smallest administrative divisions in the country. Just below me in the subalities, themselves just below the, wait, hang on, alright, I want you all to get this right now. Does the Philippines have states or provinces vote now on your first? Provinces. Provinces, the answer is provinces. So since they have so many different languages, is Spanish a more spoken language than each province? Or is it more of the indigenous language since they have so many? I would think it would be the indigenous languages, because although you know there were ones colonized by the Spanish, I feel like people hold on to their culture in a way, regardless of being a press, I feel like it would be more of those. Because you got, well, I think when we were covering the Philippines like two years ago, we were learning about the different languages. And I honestly think it would be more people speaking English now. I think I've heard that as I mentioned once. Because he said that it's more Spanish speaking than he mentioned that there are so many languages over 50. I believe possibly for each province, you know what I'm saying? That just breaks the question. I think it's like, remember as an opera, I actually like, how is that so? What's that language? Tagalong, tangalong, tangalong. Oh, that's a lot. We're going to get on the education there. I feel like it would be more of their indigenous. Yeah, let's go that's what I think so that's what I wanted to see. But I just wanted to see what the followers had to say. Maybe. I mean, you know, yeah. Seven thousand islands. Who would you? More than that. But you know, just speaking, seven thousand, I think speaking their natives. If anything. Yeah. As it to show just how diverse they have always been, the Philippines can be divided into 134 Esnolinguistic groups with 135 languages native to the country, the 135 being the National Language Filipino, an official variety of the Tagalog language, co-official agreement, that's it right there. That's it right there. With the 135 languages native to the country, the 135 being the National Language Filipino, an official variety of the Tagalog language, co-official language. Tagalog language. Tagalog language. So that was the language that we have recently learned about in the Philippines. Yeah. Okay. We'll get in some of you. From an alongside English. I guess it's a little like how Indonesia's National Language, also to the United Groups, speaking hundreds of native languages across the diverse archipelago nation, is a Malay-based dialect called Indonesian. With English being an official language alongside Filipino and thus being a mandatory subject in the school, while Spanish has no longer been required for decades now, the Philippines technically has the forced largest population of English speakers in the world, with over 30,000 native speakers, and around 90 million speakers. So it's more native and English. Less Spanish. Another thing I'll say, Filipino. Yeah, but Filipino, right, so, okay. We get in some way, y'all. Yeah. Yeah. Total. The Philippines is one of the very few countries in Asia to have Christianity as its major religion. I probably don't need to tell you this, because colonialism. Before they were taken over by the Spanish, though, the Philippines were largely Islamic, and Hindu before that, and early folk beliefs before that, and part of Pangea before that. Back in the 14th century, an explorer named Mahdum Karim left his province in Malaka, bringing Islam to the Philippines. He converted the Hindu king Raja Baginda of the Sultanative Sulu to Islam, no Star Trek fans that is not a coincidence, and then marrying his daughter, just for good measure. Islam became increasingly popular after this conversion, following an inflow of Muslim traders from the Middle East, Malaysia, and India. Today, the oldest mosque in the country is named after him, but just 140 years later, another influential guy would show up in the Philippines. His name was Ferdinand Magellan. When it comes to colonialism, the Philippines is sort of like a reverse Thailand. When Magellan came to the islands in 1521, he claimed the archipelago for the Spanish crown, naming it after his friend Phil. Then he was shopped by an arrow and figured out kills on the island of Maktan. Three further expeditions were sent, all lending a disaster. With Miguel Lopez de la Gaspi, establishing the first Spanish-style arrow and figured out kills on the island of Maktan. Three further expeditions were sent, all... Actually, it was there in these later expeditions... After the Philippines. One of the island was named after Phil. Oh. Okay. Okay. Now islands look like it's a person fighting. I was going to say a camel. Okay, I'm going to say a camel. When it expands back out, it got like the legs, a little swivel at the top, almost like an S, like the beginner E-name. Okay. Okay. Just check it out once. Let's check it out. The disaster. With Miguel Lopez de la Gaspi, establishing the first Spanish-style arrow and on the islands in Sabu in 1565, and Manila six years later. Alongside the soldiers, however, also came missionaries, with the aim of converting the local population to Roman Catholicism. A mission which nowadays seems to have been about 82.985% successful, with of course the notable exception of the Muslim Sultanates of Mindanao and Zulu. Then to very briefly summarize things, there were a series of revolts throughout the 19th century, which were all brutally suppressed, until the rebels started to gain the upper hand. At which point the US, also fighting a war with Spain, basically said, hey guys, y'all want some help fighting the Spanish in exchange for another 50 years of foreign rule? Traveling between the islands, both historically and in modern times, is primarily done by, well, you're looking at the map, how do you think they get between the islands? The Rosin Nante? Aside from many cheap Sabu Pacific flights, there also exist a series of privately and publicly run ferries. Many of these ferries might also serve the Philippine nautical highway system, also called the Road Roll-On Roll-Off Terminal, or Roro system, a series of three different integrated highway and ferry routes, forming the backbone of the national transport system. Navigating within islands can also be difficult though, as these... No, did not see that coming. Yeah, that's good. I mean, they got a, you know... You get from a bit. Right, but I didn't see that. I would, I'm gonna need like a closer view of that. Yeah, honestly though, because, you know, we have our bridges that seem like... Oh, right. For ever. Oh, my God, forever over water. But of course, you know, this is really our first time really getting into the geography of the Philippines. True, true. So we really don't know how long, how far away these islands are. Exactly. So, you know... Got to see a close up. Yeah, but like, it was close enough to build, you know, just highways like what we have. Because, y'all... Did you say close enough? Yeah. Like, I don't know... Don't you remember that last drive over Awa Long Bridge? Yeah, I know. How many hours that was? It's just Awa. That's a long Awa. And I would feel like it's forever, because all you see is water. Yeah, all you see is water. Man. Yeah, so... And there's no shoulder. So, if something happens to your car, baby, you have to look. And on gas station, everybody. So, I'm just, you know... Tropical volcanic islands are incredibly mountainous and extremely forested. Now, you remember how I talked about how dense metro Manila can be? Turns out that also applies to cars, as Manila is infamous for its traffic. Who did thought the densest city in the world wouldn't be a good place for the least density-friendly former urban transport imaginable? According to the Tom Tom traffic index, as of 2018, just so we don't have to account for COVID lockdowns, Manila was ranked the second most congested city in the world, scoring 71%, meaning a trip from point A to point B took on average 71% longer than a word of without congestion. It also doesn't help how little the city's public transport truly serves the demand it receives, with long waits for the MRT or LRT not unheard of. Thus, it is clear that Manila needs help with its mass transit was. Not you, Elon. In addition, however, with them literally lying on the road tectonic plate, the Philippines is often subject to intense earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. I swear, I'm not the only one noticing parallels between the Philippines and Indonesia, am I? The 1991 eruption of Mount Pinatubu in particular required more than 20,000 be evacuated. Combine this with the increasingly frequent and violent typhoons due to man-made climate change, and the struggle of keeping up well-functioning infrastructure becomes more and more apparent. Even with all these geographical challenges to contend with though, the Philippines is still one of the most important countries in the Asia-Pacific region, even if they're routinely forgotten about through what I like to call the New Zealand effect. I'm like, you put, I, I was New Zealand people under a little bus a little bit just joking. So, my question is, what would be the best transportation for you guys? From getting to A to B, you know what I'm saying? Because I know flights are always available, but he didn't mention not once about flights. Well, yeah. He's saying that in much flights. But, that would be expensive. I believe that. Because the flights you know you have to pay for maintenance, the crew, the gas, and more stuff. That would be expensive. But I say more fairies to get from point A, like highly showed on the map, point A, the point B on water, with those. The traffic is crazy. More hydrogen. They're managing it. It is being managed. But more highways probably would just loosen it up. Yeah. A lot of congestion going on. But it trains. But it trains. Yeah. Just those. That says, yeah. We would love to learn more about the Filipino culture. You guys wanted us to react to this. Yes, yes. Chad, this is a lot of information. But we want to learn more about the people, the culture, the food, more fun stuff. I think. It's an interesting thing. Yeah, I think I think doing a geography version of it though, and getting an overview of everybody's perspective of how they're living is a good way to start it off. It is. It's just like, yeah, I want to react to our culture, huh? Oh. Come to the classroom. Chad, this is out. Right. Because if we don't go to the classroom and we see a scene, a spot that we really like, we go out there and then we realize that the traffic is always taking us hours to get to where you can. Yeah. Yeah. The, um, from A to B, you got like maybe one bridge across over. So, yeah. This is nice. Yeah, it was dope. I don't know. We just like to laugh and have fun. Thanks. But we hope you guys enjoyed this video with us. Like this video. Subscribe. Turn on the post notification, though. We haven't able to add super things to see likes for the channel that way. And so as our joint feature to become a VIP member of the channel, sending your reaction requests to our description box below. We'll see you soon. Peace. Bye.