 Feature Friday. The freshest. Okay, so this has been incredibly requested the past few days and even though we took a little break yesterday, this has been the most and through thing throughout the whole weekend. It's in Tawakman, Tahalang, which is probably one of the hottest compositions I think I've ever seen in the world. So let's hear it. I love that there's always lifeboggles here. What the fuck? What the fuck? How wise is voice like that? What the hell? Let me turn off. I don't know if it's my speakers or what the fuck. No. I'm not a man. I was trying to console her. What's his name? Ok, I'm going to do it. Oh, man. I feel like he's swallowing like 70 mentals and that voice is just as cold. No, no. Effra. Holes. Are they a thing here? I don't know. I've never bought them here, mate. I don't think so. I don't think so. Are they a thing in the Philippines? No, definitely. They must be a thing. They must be. Canada. I know we have people from Canada, the US, huge people. Holes. You know, the tornado ones, the black ones. They just like you. The minty fresh. Eyes cold. I'm available now. Are you local stores? Yes. How can you make your voice sound like I want to? No, you can't. I don't know. Together in my heart. That's your work, dude. No, see, this is where nature comes. That was garbage. Oh, that's shit. You don't have to be nice to me. That's when nurture and nature come to clash. Because you can always tailor and work towards this type of texture but there are some people that just have it naturally or go. It was born with that. H Abando was born with it. And also he has the coolest name. But it also he's also like created this whole padding of vocal texture to go with it. So there's people that have this natural raspiness or like this diaphonic edge to their vocals and stuff like that. But they don't know how to tailor it. They don't know how to aid it. I mean, in this particular case he's so settled in that sound. Like this is who he is. This is the way he sounds and this is the way he sings and there's no other way around it. Which is really cool because imagine all the genres that he could experiment. Country, jazz, R&B, the ballets like this one. I mean, even Brian Adamesk stuff. Yeah, that's kind of a thing that comes to my mind. Kind of Brian Adam stuff. And he's so accurate, no one accurate as well. Nice accent. Look, there's no way for that man. He's also was in Triggin, right? Like I remember speaking, by the way, one of my tickets, the general admission is still available. VIP has been sold out. If you like to see us perform or who I'm going to speak about right now, Casey Tendingay, if you like to see how perform you can get your tickets if you're in London, first of October. But when we were speaking to Casey Tendingay, there was a really fun moment at the beginning where she was saying, I couldn't hit those high notes. I wasn't like a belt. So I had to find a texture, color, a sound. And probably one of the best choices is ever fucking make because that's why I consider to be one of the best performers because it's so different. And you can exploit abilities that not other people have. Some people have flexible arrangements like Catherine Avelard, and Regime Velasquez, and Marie Sett, some of the freaks, they're not normal. They are like the anomaly of the anomaly. But then you also have people that perhaps don't have that type of flexibility or that dexterity in the larynx, but have innate texture or innate uniqueness. Uniqueness. And if you exploit it, confident. If you're really deep into those things that make you so different, then you are so ahead of the game because nobody can compete with that. There is a trade to or originality to authenticity that people really cannot compete with it. There is a really nice space for free Roman artistically speaking to. Well, there will never be another age abando. Correct. That's a cool thing. And the thing is people will try to box this. People will try to say, oh, it sounds like this. It sounds like that. But in reality, that's just who he is. And that's the sound that he should be. And no other way to explain it. And I love that about it because when you discover this voice for the first time, when you discover this artist, they have really leaned into their uniqueness, like Yumi Kapile and, well, I mean, Casey Tandingan, you hear the... Yumi's a freak as well. But she's got such beautiful uniqueness to her things. She's got such clever approaches to singing that to me is like, how? But so when you discover this voice for the first time, like we're doing with age, you kind of open up this brand new world and it's like, oh, it's like you're seeing music for the first time. And I love that. Just so recognizable. Yes. The marketability of it. It's already there. Mm-hmm. Oh, what am I? Yeah, dude. If Okie is reacting like that though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yup. Yep. Oh my goodness. Yeah babe. I think no, you know it. Yeah baby, we just gotta stay together. I think it's important that we talk about nigh hours in the evening. We just gotta think about what you guys think about it. Let me know what it really is that effects of an old Romeo two years ago. It's ained son or five years ago. Ocean had sex with us. We got thisMar Every day Whoo. No, I got it. I didn't know, I don't know. inherit her M well, so I just didn't know, what I've been doing. I go and then it's like yeah, I didn't yeah, no Dude one time this girl showed me a picture of me. I didn't even know who that was You know it was like in a crowd like it's just like the look is picture. Do you recognize anyone because she knew my bit But I said no, I'm not it. It's like look that's you there What the fuck yeah, so I don't apologize if I miss people So I did enough, brother, don't worry. Hey, good man. I hate this show in all the good ways, because oh my god. Well the hottest. The thing is, like the contestants, the other contestants were just standing there, like next to him, like, you know. One of them, I think, one of them. Or maybe it could've been the host, I don't know. This thing has moments, because you guys are talking. What's the host Billy Crawford? Billy is the host for everything. Generally, I think, you know what I mean? What the fuck? Billy's everywhere, though. Not just me, right? Like, Billy Crawford is literally everywhere when he comes to the contestants. Yeah, he's good. He's great. I don't want anybody else. I think he's awesome. Yeah, yeah. I'm not the only shade. I'm just saying. It's like, fucking everywhere, dog. You know what I mean? I loved to have a chat with him, because he must literally, like, he must literally not breathe or eat or nothing. He's always just on camera. And next we have, you know what I mean? Yeah. Mad. He's great. Yeah, shut up, Billy, man. Also shut up, General Gibbs. Oh my God. I know he watches. No. Okay. My point to us, back to age and this competition, it is a crazy one. It is a mad one. It is mad because think about it. This guy, yeah. You're ridiculous, right? This guy just literally ate it, left no crumbs for the crowd. And then there will be somebody else that steps into the stage literally minutes after. And we'll also eat and leave no crumbs. So this competition is literally the hardest thing ever. And when you have somebody that is so unique and so especially themselves, that can also hit incredible, wonderful, great belts with literally living no effort behind. Like that man just sang his heart out and he didn't even break a sweat. Like, how cool is that? About the problem with this competition there seems to be a focus a lot of the time by the public in sort of power of vocal. Yeah, you have to do, you know, there be five, there's C sharp fifth, there E E fives, there, you know what I mean? And it's like to the commoner, to the normal, it, you know, people like maybe me or like whatever, that's like, I just saw big belt, you know what I mean? I just saw flexibility as a range. But then what surprises me the most is not, you know, essentially those type of belts or anything like that. And I think that's what surprises by general audiences. Is this uniqueness? It sounds that they've never heard before. Or perhaps sounds that they bring melancholy, they bring memories of the past, they bring a sound that perhaps they feel has been lost. Because- Even the storytelling, sometimes I think a big part of this really impactful performances come along with the performance aspect of it. So like, what is the story? What is the direction in which the singer is taking the song itself? Because most of the times they're covers, like majority of the times he covers, I don't think they ever sing their own compositions in the style of performances. So what you get met with is their own version, their own way of telling the story that has been told before, but from a different perspective. And I think that's what really hits home for a lot of these winners, you know? Bullets and gentlemen, I said and I said again, TNT, Tawagnan Tawagnan is probably the, has the highest level of singing in the world. If you haven't seen the Darren Spanto podcast, I would highly encourage you. I think we've discussed about it there, like the Asabna Tintor pedigree, the Tawagnan Tawagnan Tawagnan, the idol Philippines, the voice. The best singing shows in the world, regardless of where you're watching from, they belong to the Philippines. So if you wanna just be served vocals, just dive deep into the Filipino music industry and you won't be disappointed. Apart from that, again, tickets are available when it makes. First of October, AppSquat Farm, if you're in London, you can use this code as well, but let's just code. And you can get like five pounds off. BAP and four just been sold out, which was great, by the same time, you know, unlucky mate. But yeah, you can get your general admission tickets and apart from that, goodbye. Okay.