 Hello guys, this is Shinshmi. Okay, today we are reacting to this video. How do you store the Philippines? Well, today I'm finding about the Philippines history. In Japan, we learn about world history in high school but mostly related to western countries history. So what I want to say is I don't really know about the Philippines history. Well, I do out little bit like Spain called nice, America called nice, Japan invaded into the Philippines. That's all. So I'm not really familiar with that. So today, reacting to this video is going to be like my lesson. So yeah, let's get into it. If you enjoy the content, give it a thumbs up, and consider subscribing if you're here. So let's get into it. There is a cluster of 7,000 islands that looks like one of the most beautiful places on Earth. The Philippines. People have been living here for over 30,000 years, traveling between these islands, trading with each other, and with the region, and developing religion, identity, and culture. It eventually became a country called Ma'i. And while all of these advancements were happening here on these islands, another group of humans had been evolving in another part of the world, over here in New York. But this other group had a different culture, a different religion. Many of their advancements were achieved through expansion, not collaboration. You're amazing. And their religion thrived when they stomped out others. They wanted to conquer. These islands, these people, this culture would soon be swallowed, stripped of what made them them. And soon their name would be changed, after the name of the king of their conquerors. This isn't a story. I see. It drives from the King's Phillips, too, from Spain. Now that's why it's Philippines. I see. This is an interesting fact. It's just about a big, powerful military taking over new lands. We know that story pretty well. The story of these people offers a new perspective to anyone who will listen. It's a perspective that has been wiped from our history books. Because of the inherent discomfort and tension, with this fact that the United States, once a colony that heroically threw off an empire to become independent, soon became an empire itself. It contradicts our founding belief that it is, quote, evident that all men are created equal. And this story isn't just history. That empire still exists today, with colonial possessions and subjects. It's all wrapped up in the story of these 7,000 islands and their people. So, I want to tell you the story of how the US stole the Philippines. There are still American citizens today who do not have equal voting rights. These are citizens of America who's high on territory. The US Constitution grants a citizenship to everyone who won the royal exile in one jurisdiction. So, they're going to focus on the ages after Spain's colonialization, right? Okay. This video could be called how Spain stole the Philippines. And it was the first nation to conquer and control these islands like 500 years ago. Actually, exactly 500 years ago. And indeed, Spain left a very deep influence on these islands, not least the name itself, which is named after King Philip. Spain brought their religion, their language, their culture. Which is why the most common last names in the Philippines are like Reyes or Del Rosario de la Cruz, Del Los Santos. But the heyday of the Spanish Empire came and went. And by the 1800s, it was kind of crumbling. But it was the arrival of a new superpower that I believe had a bigger imprint. Not just on the Philippines, but on the US itself. It established rules and behaviors that we still grapple with today. And that's why this is the story of how the US stole the Philippines. So, let's go. Okay, so it's the end of the 1800s. Up until now, US expansion sort of looks like this. It's all happening on this mainland. And at this point, there sort of became a big debate of like, do we keep going? Some people wanted to keep expanding the US outside of this mainland. The president at the time wasn't a big expansion guy, but he was surrounded by people who loved war. Specifically this guy. And these people who surrounded the president had their eye on this Spanish colony. Right off the American coast called Cuba. Where the locals were rising up against Spain. Wait a minute. Isn't this a video about the Philippines? Why are we talking about Cuba? We're getting there in just a second. Okay, so anyway, Cuba. Americans didn't want to go to war with Cuba. They're like, we don't need more war. But thanks to the explosion of an American submarine in Cuba, which was probably an accident. It was to some highly unethical journalism that blamed the explosion on Spain. And a big thanks to, again, this guy, Teddy Roosevelt, who at this point was just a peon. He was literally the assistant secretary of the Navy. But he somehow could jolt his boss's boss, the president of the United States, to go to war in Cuba, to like, liberate the Cubans from Spain. So the US declared war on Spain in 1898. But this begins a new era of war in the United States. Can you just go into war and just like take over land? You need an angle. You need to sell the war to the American people. So the angle on this war was liberation. We're liberating them. I see. Yeah, like when Japanese army invaded into the Philippines, that purpose of that was a, you know, a revelation to release a Filipino people from the, you know, America's colonization. That was the, you know, main purpose. But the, yeah, obviously, the invasion is the invasion that, you know, purpose behind actual purpose was to, you know, control the country. So, yeah, it happens all the time. You know, the history, right? People you liberate will witness the honorable and decent spirit of the American military. No, no, no, no, no, no, that's, that's later. We're talking about 1898. But yes, the whole idea of selling war to the American public didn't really go away after this. Why did the US go to war in Iraq? In the early stages of the military operations. So anyway, the US is now at war with Spain, which is an empire that is deeply in decline, as I mentioned. It's not going to be hard to win. But soon, it's not just Cuba. The US really meaning Teddy Roosevelt, who again is just an assistant secretary of the Navy. He's like not a big decision maker. He somehow maneuvers the situation to say like, let's liberate next door Puerto Rico. And while we're at it, let's go into the Pacific and liberate Guam and the Philippines from Spain as well. Teddy didn't even ask his boss to do this. He literally sent off a cable to the Navy commander in Asia that was like, George Dewey, go attack the Philippines where Spain is. That is what your mandate is. And George Dewey's like, okay, I'm being told to go to war with Spain and the Philippines. Teddy was sort of of the mind like better to ask forgiveness than permission. I mean, I get that, but come on, not 30 pull it off. Anyway, and now because of Teddy Roosevelt, who we literally named the Teddy bear after, as I note, we're at war not in the Caribbean only, but also in the Pacific. The US arrives to the Philippines and sees that the locals had already been fighting against the Spanish for like years. The Spanish were weak and were totally declining. Oh, they launched original language at the time already. So it's like the top of the ninth inning or like the fourth quarter of the Spanish in the Philippines. And the US shows up and it's like, let us liberate you. And the Philippines were like, well, we've sort of already been fighting this bloody war for years against the Spanish. So yeah, I guess United States, if you want to come help us deal the final blow to Spain like sweet. So George, I say, yeah, this is kind of what I was learned about. Philippines history when I was in high school students when I was in high school. What I was learned was, you know, like the US invaded into the Philippines for the liberty, liberty for them. At the time, Spain called nice Philippines as a D. U.S. trying to release Philippines, Philippines, you know, this is from the, you know, Spain's colonization. That was the main purpose. But there is a behind purpose, obviously. So is this video going to tell us about that? Let's see. Do we, this Navy commander and his fleet, show up to Manila. Meanwhile, back in the US, people are like, wait, weren't we just supposed to invade Cuba? What are we doing in the Philippines now? And the US government's like, because the Philippines is a perfect hub for commercial opportunities in Asia. And we think that if we don't take it, Japan or Germany might take it, which would clearly diminish our geostrophysics advantage in the Pacific. There we go. So this is the main reason, right? No. They didn't say that. Ah, yeah. That's the way it is. They said, we want to liberate the people of the Philippines. Because that sounds better, right? The Philippines. Liberate. The people you liberate will witness the honorable and decent spirit of the American military. So the Spanish see the US arrive to the Philippines and they're like, great, we're done. So the Spanish military commanders ask to meet with the US military commanders. They meet in secret and Spain's like, listen, I know we're losing, but we really want to save some face here. We don't want it to look like we lost to the Filipino revolutionaries. And I'm not kidding. The Spanish commander literally said that he would quote, be willing to surrender to white people, but not to the Philippines. Oh, that's, that's, that's kind of discrimination. Right? The commanders like, okay, there's an opportunity here. We said we were here to liberate the Filipinos, but we haven't promised anything yet. So we would much rather it looked like the US defeated Spain instead of helped the Filipinos defeat Spain. Much better for our brand, said the United States. So together, the United States and Spanish militaries organized a fake battle. A fake battle in which the US would fight the Spanish in Manila. And the Spanish would intentionally lose. Whoa, really? So that was staged. This is new fact for me. Wow, interesting. If this is true though. And the climax of this whole theatrical battle according to the plan was that at the end, the US would storm towards the inner walled city of Manila. The last stronghold of where the Spanish are. Oh, and the key detail in this whole plan? They would not let the Filipino fighters, the ones that had been doing all the actual fighting against the Spanish, join them as they stormed towards the walled city to deal the final blows to the Spanish Empire. And this would mean that the Filipinos technically didn't gain their independence. It was actually the US who conquered the Spanish. And then the Spanish are like, oh, can you give us $20 million for our troubles? And the US was like, yes, sure. Yeah, this is what I was learned as well. Yeah, the US got the $20 million to go up the Philippines from the Spain. So now the US wins the war and they claim sovereignty over the Philippines. So yeah, this happened. They did the fake battle. They won the war. Instead of liberating the Filipinos, they just say, hey, where are your new colonizers? Psych. Meanwhile, back in the United States, they got to keep up this white savior liberation narrative that they created. To justify going to war with Spain. So you see a lot more theatrical PR by the government. They staged this giant military parade in New York City, where this military commander who did the fake war, George Dewey, marches down, they called it Dewey Day. It was like a two-day parade in New York City. They created a big military arch for him. He became like a military hero for having liberated all these people from the Spanish. And then you start to see these crazy advertisements. Like this soap advertisement that has George Dewey, the commander, washing his hands with the caption, quote, the first step towards lightning the white man's burden is through teaching the virtues of cleanliness. Well, this is scold propaganda, right? And on the sides, you have soap being offloaded in the Philippines and being given to the locals. The US had to frame this not as conquest, but as the honorable duty of the US to civilize these people. Or in the words of the so bad quote, to brighten the dark corners of the earth. Geez. This is insane and was not that long ago. Oh my god. This is just about 100 years ago, right? Oh, humans are so stupid. This video is telling about that. Okay, so this is where things really heat up. It's 1900 now. Spain loses the war, obviously. And the US now owns Puerto Rico, Guam, and they claim the Philippines. But the local Filipinos who have been fighting for their freedom for years are like, no, no, no, no, no. You just walked in here on our rebellion and conspired with the Spanish to make it look like you were liberating us. No, this is our country. We don't need another colonizer. Oh, they know. They know about this is a staged. That battle was staged. Well, this is troublesome. The Philippines just get involved in the conspiracy between America and Spain, right? This is shameful, right? The Filipinos start fighting again for their independence in this time against the United States. It is a pretty horrible, bloody war, one that I never learned about in school. It includes massacres of men, women, and children by the United States, and hundreds of thousands of civilian deaths. The US eventually won, and they established a government in the Philippines. Back in the US, the appetite for expansion continued to go down, and people sort of just forgot about the Philippines. They forgot that there was a war there. One newspaper summed it up by saying Americans didn't know if the Philippines were islands or canned fruit. The fact remained that the US went to war and now owned the Philippines in addition to Puerto Rico and Guam. So this baked a very important question, one that hadn't been asked before. Which is, is all of this land America? Are these people Americans? This was a huge question. And the answer to that question affects how we see these territories still today. Oh, really? Interesting. Okay, so a few years after these wars, there's a guy in New York City who's importing oranges from one of these territories, Puerto Rico. And he's paying tariffs on these imports because, you know, that's what you do when you're importing oranges from another country. Wait a minute, another country. This guy was like, didn't we conquer Puerto Rico and Guam and the Philippines? Isn't that America? The constitution says that you can't put tariffs on stuff coming from other parts of the US. Like New Jersey can't put tariffs on like avocados from California. So he sued, and his case and a bunch of others like it made it to the Supreme Court. So now the Supreme Court must decide. Is this land where we just won a war? Is this America? Are these Americans? If they are, do they get all the same rights as other Americans? Do they get to vote? Do they get to participate in the US economy without tariffs? Like any other state does. And honestly, this isn't a question about oranges and tariffs. The real question at stake here is, is America the land of the free where all are created equal? Or are we an empire? No different than any other empire that scoops up colonial possessions in war and rules the people who are usually black and brown as subjects, not fully a part of the country. That was the question that was at stake. And in this series of cases in the early 1900s, the Supreme Court decided that America was the latter. Is the latter. They created a new category of land called unincorporated territories. Where the people don't have any representation in the democracy. But where Congress can create laws on their own, particularly laws dealing with revenue, which would not be allowed by the Constitution for states within the Union. Oh my god, this is rubbish. This is rubbish rule. How can you declare the liberty having such a rubbish rule? Don't you guys think so? We can create revenue laws, stuff that's totally unconstitutional for other parts of our country. In other words, unincorporated territories are land we control and exploit for revenue, but whose people don't get to vote and don't get the right to trial by jury. So yeah, the Philippines, in addition to Puerto Rico and Guam, remained unincorporated territories, a place that the U.S. could kind of just ignore without a lot of consequence. They weren't important enough for strategic enough to be considered to become states like Hawaii or Alaska. Well, they're only saying things that suit themselves, right? This is insane. So they sort of faded from American consciousness. Like, this is why we never heard about this in school. Like, it didn't make it into the history books in any salient way. Yeah, me too. I mean either. I didn't know about that. And how far the Philippines had faded from people's minds became very clear in December of 1941 during World War II. The U.S. had owned the Philippines for like 40 years when a fleet of Japanese bombers flew across the Pacific and bombed an American naval base in Hawaii. A tackle of pie. But what we don't really remember is on that day, Japan bombed Guam and the Philippines two American territories as well as several other American and British territories. So as I said before, the main purpose of that tackle was, you know, release the Philippines from the America's colonization. So for the liberty, you know, same reason. But there's a behind reasons in that, obviously, like America did. Yesterday, December 7, 1941, a date which will live in infamy. Here's the draft of this speech. This is the original draft that FDR spent the day marking up before he gave it. Zoom in a little bit and you'll see on this draft that it mentioned the Philippines originally. But FDR crossed it out. He crossed out the mention of Manila. Yes, the Philippines was on some map somewhere. Yes, we technically owned it. But the people really didn't want to hear about it because these people weren't Americans. The Supreme Court had decided that. They weren't going to become states anytime soon. So why mention them? After that day, Japan actually fell on invaded the Philippines. They didn't do that to Hawaii, but they did to the Philippines until the end of the war. At which point the Philippines were finally granted independence in 1946. Oh, people are rated because of Japan. In my opinion, our Philippines became independent by themselves. Not the, you know, our Japan, Japan's health without any Japan's help. But suddenly, most of Japan is people believe that Japan released the Philippines from the America's colony colonization. Well, interestingly enough, people's idea of B.R. is depending on their education. So yeah, that's why it is, but this is interesting, right? Forward to today. And this, we own you, but you're not really Americans precedent established by the Supreme Court still applies to four million people who live in unincorporated territories. Or let's just call it a spade of spade. Let's call them what they are. These are colonial possessions. The people who live here don't experience the full rule of law. They don't get trial by jury. They don't have full representation in our democracy. And they don't get to vote for the president. This is why when a hurricane hits Puerto Rico, the government response is not nearly what it should be. The way Trump talked about Puerto Rico as almost another country is not a part of us. Mirrors exactly how the Supreme Court talked about these unincorporated territories. They're for revenue, not to compete with American farmers. We conquered these places, but we didn't want to bring the people fully into the American project. We left them out. And there they remain today. Deep. Yeah, that was really interesting video to me. So that was like in my show, America purchased Philippines from Spain, paying like 20 million dollars, right? But that's actually kind of what I learned in my school. But there are behind the stories like Philippines were categorized. What was that? Unincorporated territory. That's stupid, isn't it? Yeah, I know how you guys feel. That's just crazy. This is just a stupid thing to say that you know, suit the US. Only considering about the US, right? How can you say liberty is a sub-relationship just to be law? Don't you guys think so? Anyway, Philippines are strong. I mean, you know, they were colonized by two countries and embedded by many countries. But they finally became independent and keep their original culture. Yeah, I'm proud of the Philippines. Right, I have that set for today. Thank you for watching my video. Hope you like it. If you do, make sure to like, like, and subscribe. Please, so, my time is all. Thanks for watching.