 Future Friday So I got sent this in an email. I thought show to Valeska show to you guys It said like this is one of the best Sam Smith covers that they had heard so I thought it's you know It's like an artist one of those videos you get to get in the bedroom and stuff and then I look at it and there's a I see chicken I see chicken and like the spread on that table look good I see a full belly I see some some I don't know he never I don't know what you call it in the Philippines But alcohol basically and then be looking good It says in a man cover which you know sat in a man sessions. Let's see what we can expect all the items all the elements Are checked they're correct the environment it has been approved. Oh, I have to see is he wearing flip flops or not Yeah So you know you're in the Philippines bro. Lapi it's mental Everyone takes their phones out Oh They also do this the put the fans in the roof. Yeah, we do that in Venezuela the best the best air circulation Also joe line This song that quick to be honest this song it's so tricky for the phrasing like that beginning is Similar to that leona Lewis song though. We're just checking out. Yeah, it begins in such a low It's very Brit pop. It's very very pretty. Oh, so it starts in this very low range And it's like all about the dynamics in like addiction and things like that and then he explodes into something Astronomical that nobody else can do you know so So this is a geogsinger he's phenomenal. He's actually a geogsinger, you know, he's really good He's just this is one of those songs that is just like it's zero to a hundred literally a bar His posture is phenomenal Girls has got an aesthetic going on It's felt it as well That's that that's that fucking rum or whatever he's drinking Doing beats Actually very very brave very brave he belted that out. I think he's going to bow away It's crazy though because he's pushing so much air through like you can see it through his veins Yeah, he's he's straining but it doesn't sound strange which is no he's not straining listen to me I didn't say he's not he didn't say much straining he's just pushing a lot of air so there's a lot of pressure from the diaphragm so instead of Creating space in the diaphragm. He's pulling the diaphragm in so he's pushing more air than it's necessary But it this is exactly so it's like it's pushing more force into the vocal folds It's not creating strain though. It's a very clear tone. It's a very very stable singer But it's one of those things that if you take some of that pressure away from from the air flow in the larynx The ability of of modulation and the larynx flexibility that he would be able to achieve. It's like on her to Interesting He obviously don't need it Camera woman doing harmonies are you kidding me? Yeah, it's nice because it's not over song this song can be easily over song Uh-huh, yes, that's the secret right there secret weapon We've said it before there's actually truth to the whole side in a man thing And like the reason why there's so many awesome clips that come out of those sessions. Yes, it's alcohol genuinely Help sometimes the only problem is that for this like it's like short-term short-term gains and can cause long-term damage You know It can cause long-term damage if you are not just your kidney no no no no no no no no no but like your actual larynx But if not because not because of the of the Alcohol per se is is the is the actual burn the friction burn that you're gonna create in your in your vocal folds Yep, but very common you sometimes you even hear up until this day where you have like pro singers really high level singers to take a shot before going on stage One of our less girls vocal coaches young vocal like vocal coaches when she was younger Incredible singer American Idol Fucking contested contested and then coached for a lot of people and stuff like she's a great great singer She um fucking would do that all the time. Well. Yeah. Yeah, she was a mad woman Very nice, that's freaking beautiful Ah happy what the hell is going on Flex much for what reason Oh, he's so good though He's got a neck on him though. He does he does. Yeah, but to be honest. He's posture is impeccable He's freaking placing it's beautiful and I love that this song is not freaking runs every two seconds I love that you don't have to do it. You don't have to this is just so wealth through Just vibes just vibes Yeah, it's I can't believe he's belting the whole thing. Yeah, I got the feeling Oh my god, how he pulled that off that was good. Also, he sings sings he sings in sings in sings he really sings Definitely this is not just chilling Damn he needs to do some rave He's Yeah, he definitely sings his song will anchor The anchoring there was just the dead tell that I do this for a living baby you can tell me whatever But I refuse to believe he's an accountant You know, it's funny. I don't know like obviously people also send us like Sometimes we review some of these some of these artists or some of these singers, right? And then other reviewers also Kind of review their work as well, which is like class And people like tell us is like I think I don't know how interesting it is when we do it because sometimes I look at other people and stuff And it's like it's quite fun when they do it and when we do it it's like the most we is like I don't know if we overthink this shit or we go super technical For no In reason I know that I get out for no reason. Yeah, but it's like there's so many technicalities going on here Which I guess maybe that's why people come to us to watch these videos is They get to see a little bit of entertainment and also get to learn a little bit of singing through ballet I just this is what I do in my free time, but there's a ton here Totally this guy is so good But this is what I actually do in my free time when I am scrolling on Instagram when I'm looking at YouTube shorts or like Scrolling through tech talk and stuff and I come across singing videos I'm not looking at how awesome they sound. I'm looking who's like what technique are they using? How do they anchor? How did that make that sound so cool and like and that's and that's like that's me geeking out like that's my niche Is that what I mean? So when I come here and I'm the most me I love to do what I do in my free time with you guys Yeah Oh Oh All right Oh Yeah Yes He's hired I don't know what for but he's higher Ah Oh, no idea, but I think his name is Ken Oh, and he changes completely his vocal texture are you kidding me? Oh Oh, this Ricky is as 200 views are you mad? He is a joke I Is so good it's so good listen, I love that he his modulation abilities are being explored here This is so great It's just so full so different He needs to do our own being he doesn't get near on me He's too good at that. He's too good at that. That had like 2000 views. I'm just too good at good I love I love this side of YouTube as well like tick tock and stuff. It's so cool to find someone like that like oh Maybe doesn't have that many views yet and stuff Um, but technically like so so solid