 Hello, I'm about to steal your heart. Oh All right, we are here shopping right now. I got to keep this on so If you want to see some of the local prices here, let's take a quick look. We won't make a long video out of this We will mean being pretty quick on it. What is that? What is that? You got? It's the yellow watermelon. Oh, there's that yellow watermelon at 40 cents or 42 cents 21 pesos If you like ramen noodles like we do These here are a dollar 50 pesos five packs So about 20 pesos a pack which is actually pretty typical these types of things and We get some banana chips. Don't remember the price on that off hand. We grabbed it a few minutes ago 17 pesos per kilo So there you go 80 cents for this carbon-era pasta sauce Where did you find so they have stuff to mix for hello? Hello? Oh, hello? Hello section Home fruit pineapple gelatin I'm not sure what all that is some cocoa jelly bits. Oh, yeah, all the way across I don't know if you've ever seen this but you've ever seen mayonnaise and it comes in One of these containers for 50 cents. It's actually pretty cool. The cheese wids come just like this as well See cheese wids in a little packet. It's got a little resealable thing on the end here too This is a little pineapple tipets Pineapple tipets the as the cocktail For two dollars, but oh, that's a for two dollars. Yeah Every time we come here we get like hide up and stare at like we're not welcome with the camera. So We'll be careful, but they keep watching out without us So just like at jelly bees the spaghetti sauce here is full of sugar. It's super super super super sweet So what we do is we just get to me to paste cheaper You can water it down and then you can add your own spices a lot cheaper a lot healthier. So Pro tip The drinks are very popular Buying beef here is difficult on the island, but they have a good selection here You're looking at 400 to 500 pesos per kilo So about $10 a kilogram in a boat and they have different tips and cuts Not American style cuts or anything like that, but Well, take a look All right, so what's your name? Orlan? Orlan. Nice to meet you. Fantastic. Look at that Beautiful. Thank you so much Keep up the good work The lion is coming Yeah, they have him Can we make it off? He did it Yeah, it's gonna be heavy, but we'll make it What is that sound? We're gonna check this out Oh You know when boracay is getting really busy when you're at the city mall normally is a line of E-trikes here, but instead you just have a line of all of people waiting for E-trikes And they're all full every single one of them are coming through and maybe every tenth one is empty or has room for other people So it's gonna be A bit of a wait So if you're looking to start a business in the Philippines Get some e-scooters and get over here because you'll make a lot of money Well, we did find one but they had to drop us about a kilometer from Can't be sawing so we're just doing the walk Good exercise and it's not too hot. Oh pretty breezy Yeah, but you're working hard look at that. It's like a big exercise routine Hello Welcome to my kingdom of food Welcome to my kingdom of food All right, so this is the hall so we got a lot of beef here. We got a one and a half kilos here and More beef here two things of cheese two things of butter Couple beers three diacos they're very very rare you only can get sugar codes here So that was a big deal this really by once so that shouldn't count technically Our milk that last year We got banana crackers here. We got a carbonara sauce more tomato paste. Yeah, you're your watermelon. It's yellow Which is actually called what? It's just called sweet watermelon our Watermelon sweet watermelon sweet okay, we got the three packs of tomato paste to make her own tomato sauce I'm kind of the honest thing you've got banana honey oats tons of ramen And we have a healthy healthy healthy diet and this is what you put on the rice. It's actually tasty Great if anybody knows it's like that. Sorry don't mind this Don't mind this Literally have a bag on your head. Okay. I don't understand what's the issue can a girl wear a bag on her head? Sure So this is like hungry men or not hungry men, but there's these like stews There's there's stews in Canada. They're really good. They're really healthy and hardy. Maybe not healthy But they're perfect to add on to rice especially if you don't want to cook your own meal Thank you. It's like I need to get a signal that you don't want to hide myself I need one of those like her chip like cardboard to make it look like one of those Egyptian and Perfect It's wonderful. So we got two things of this black rice coffee. It's actually really good And then we got these packet ones, but they already have cream and sugar and she doesn't use that So these will mostly be for me. I don't use that stuff. Okay. Yeah, I know apple cider vinegar We have honey a whole thing of honey here. So certain things are pricier than others as you can imagine We got these topaweirs two of them here for a party we're having soon So we have spaghetti to put into those you might look his and her his and her cute cute cute. I lost my bag Uh-oh, uh-oh, nobody looks she's without a bag and more banana chips So anyway 70 dollars the meat is obviously expensive certain things like the topaweirs, you know, that's a little bit pricier here She is expensive Yeah, about four dollars each The OG cheese, you know, the cheese that isn't frozen before That stuff is no OG. Sorry. So anyway, uh, and then even that coke is technically yeah That was expensive. Oh, that's expensive. This was a Yeah, and some apples, but we can get that stuff locally. Yeah. Yeah. That's why we don't have vegetables in our hall We're not that bad with our diets. We are but we're not um Because we can get them locally. Yeah exactly The best looking criminal ever Hello, hello. I'm about to steal your heart Okay, say goodbye to everybody bye bye. See you next time Because I've been living life like I could just die any minute You're all right down the side KCA Believe it. I don't need a guide for the lights. Take me where I want to visit. Are you alive? Oh, it's breathing Cuz I've been living life right