 I don't know what to say, I don't know what to ask, I don't know, I mean don't. I'm sitting slow and then I will see some in for the very first time in my life and I'm really nervous. So, I'm going to head. Hi guys, my name is Andre, I'm the boyfriend of Charmy and today I will drive to the airport because tomorrow is my flight to Manila. So, I'm going to head to Manila and I will be there. My name is Andre, I'm the boyfriend of Charmy and today I will drive to the airport because tomorrow is my flight to Manila. So, you guys can join me and see if everything is running well because of COVID, it's a little bit complicated at the moment. So, I hope everything is fixed and I hope I have every requirements I need so you guys will see and let's go. Hi guys, I'm here now at the bus station waiting for my bus but I think I should go to a barbershop first and make my hair and my beard. So, let us do the time jump and see how it looks. So, that's the result, I think I look good, now I'm ready for Philippines and you see us in the airport. Bye bye. Hello, so now I'm at the airport and I'm in the hotel room because I will stay here overnight so I have no stress tomorrow and a little bit more relaxed. So, I want to take the chance now and explain you guys what is needed to enter the Philippines when you are from Germany. So, first of all, but this is very normal, you need a passport and but that's general, that's very normal. And then you have some other stuff you need because of COVID-19 and first of all you need this VHO certificate for your vaccination and you need two injections. And I got them and it's very important, the latest dose must be longer than 14 days before arrival in the Philippines. Then you need a travel insurance, this is here from the audience travel I took and this is unlimited so that's very good. So, it doesn't matter if I get COVID when I'm in the Philippines, audience travel will take the costs unlimited so that's very good. And you need a proof that you will leave the country after 30 days latest. So, I have here my travel and my booking confirmation from the Singapore Airlines, I will fly with Singapore Airlines and it shows that I will leave the country on the 30 of April. So, these are the things you need, and you need to register yourself in the one-hills pass and you need the PCR test and the PCR test must be 48 hours before arrival. So, yeah that's all, so you need your passport, you need a vaccination certificate, you need the proof that you will leave the Philippines after 30 days, you need your travel insurance, you need to register in the one-hills pass. And you need a PCR test, it's made 48 hours before arrival in the Philippines. That's all. So, I hope everything will work well tomorrow at 12.30, my flight goes and yeah, I think I will take a shower now and get some sleep and tomorrow after breakfast I will go to the terminal. So, guys, let us hope that everything will work well and yeah, I wish you a good night and see you tomorrow. I'm going to see you tomorrow. Okay, I will. Okay. So, guys, today I will be moving to my new appointment, so let's go. I'm here in the picture hall now and waiting for the check-in. So, in three hours my flight goes and yeah, I will let you know when I'm in the picture terminal, so see you later. I just received a message from my darling that he is successful with his check-in. So, in 10 minutes from now, he will be flying from from Puerto Rican to Singapore and then tomorrow, he will be in Manila. Oh my God, we're so happy because we have this, he was so scared last night that we might have problems, he might have problems with the documents and finally it's successful. So, now we're just looking forward to see us, you know. So, I am here in Anda. So, they have this celebration for something which I don't know. Hey guys, now I'm finally here at the Transpere terminal in Singapore and after 12 hours of flight it was very horrible and then we were sitting in the airplane. Two hours in Frankfurt because there was a delay, so it was 14 hours in the airplane. But finally now I'm here, I have two hours now and then there comes my connection flight to Manila and then hopefully the immigration will run well. Yeah, I think I will let you know when I'm in Manila finally. So, see you later guys, bye bye. What happened? What happened when you go back? Don't go back to Singapore to Manila, it's here. Manila is here darling, where are you going? Tell the pilot to go back, please. Shit! What happened? Why you go back to Singapore without even learning to Manila? Oh my god, okay, it means he heard me. Maybe he, maybe the pilot here. But why? Oh my god, guys, the pilot, the pilot maybe was able to hear me because he made a U-turn after I made a video. He made a U-turn. And it's landing now. Good morning, first of all, I'm really sorry but yesterday, on Saturday when I arrived here in Manila, there was so much stress and so much influence. And I was a little bit overwhelmed with this situation. So I really forgot to take a video that I'm there. I wanted to take the chance now to say that I complimented the immigration here in Philippines because to be honest, I was a little bit wondering how this will work. I was thinking about how they want to do this. I was expecting that will be a chaos. And they made it very well. And the immigration was very much faster than I expected. And the guards there, they had really idea what they are doing there. And they were helping that everything is provided that everyone has the documents already before he stayed in front of the immigration guy. So it was really good organized, so compliment to Philippines for this. Anyway. So I will go to the airport now. I already checked in my luggage and everything was running well. I'm a little bit confused because I got this here as a boarding pass. Looks not really like a boarding pass but okay. So see you guys later. Guys, we're finally at the airport of Panglao. And in few minutes, the door will arrive. Oh my god. I'm so nervous guys. So my heart is pounding so bad. Guys, I don't know what to do. I'm finally in Panglao and in few minutes, the door will arrive. And I'm so nervous guys. I'm so nervous. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to ask. I don't know. I really don't. I wish we luck guys. Let's go. Oh my god. Okay guys, I'm here now. Finally I got my luggage. So now I will go outside. I will send a message to you. And then I will see you at the summit for the very first time in my life. And I'm really nervous. So let's go. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. See you. Okay.