 They took my inside the mold. Inside the mold. Like right down inside the finish line, that's a church. So inside the mold, that's different. Right, right down inside the day, back and beyond, that's a church. Okay, but on the outside though. Okay, that's different. Yeah, they didn't have one around the corner. No, I'm thinking, I'm thinking like no. No, we don't. It's common to have a church a part of a shopping mall. What's good, y'all? It's the Duma Shed, react and we're back with another video. Who we got today, see. Today we're back with another American reaction. Yes, yes. Super excited about this video, guys. If you need to, make sure you scroll down, hit that subscribe button, and turn on the post notification bell because we're on the road to 100 K. And we cannot get there without you guys. All right, join the family without further ado. Let's get into the video. What if I told you there is a country where over 175 languages are spoken. People text more than anywhere else in the world and boxing fights directly influence crime rates. It sounds pretty much unbelievable, but it's all true in the Philippines. Fourteen. There are more than 175 spoken languages. There are two official languages in the Philippines. Filipino, based on Tagalog and English. Filipino is the most commonly spoken in pop culture language and the government of the country uses English in their work. By the way, the Philippines are number five on the list of the world's top English-speaking populations after US, India, Pakistan, and the UK. All this sounds pretty plain and ordinary, but in fact, the diverse linguistic groups living in the country use over 175 languages for their internal communication. Since many of them exist only in spoken form, it's impossible to calculate the exact amount. 13. Their capital is the most densely populated city in the world. The nation's capital, Manila, and its 16 surrounding cities that make up the Metro Manila area have a population of 12.8 million people. During the daytime, this number gets way higher since many people come here to work. And while the number doesn't sound that crazy, take note that all these people live and work in an area of 16.56 square miles. This makes the population density equal to 111,000 to 2 people per square mile. And that's 5 times higher than in Mumbai or Paris, for example. 12. They have churches in shopping malls. Shopping malls aren't merely a place where you buy stuff for Filipinos. They are safe, they're conditioned. Yeah, it's not different. Churches and shopping malls? Babe, the one that's by our house, that's a shopping mall. You talk about the little wraparound. They talk about inside the mall. Inside the mall? Like right down inside the finish line, that's a church. So inside the mall, that's different. Right, right down inside the shopping mall. That's a church. Okay, but on the outside though. Okay, that's different. Yeah, they didn't have one around the corner. No, I'm thinking. I'm thinking like, no, we don't. It's common to have a church a part of a shopping mall. The church that we were in. Now they talk about inside of a mall of America, that's different. We went to visit one church. It was in Fort Worth and it was connected to all these little buildings. Shopping malls. And they had a little shopping area right there. The Dollar General was right there. So when you come out of the church, you go to the store. Yeah, it was right there, y'all. Who's right there? Telling about a church home? Yeah, so it's okay. Now they talk about this big shopping mall that's different. But a building is a building. So the church has got to start somewhere. How do you control the volume? They don't. All right, this. Well, they probably got ordinances and, you know, they can't sound. Community hubs with gyms, health clinics, concert halls, nightclubs, parks, and even churches inside. So it's no surprise that they are the favorite place to meet up with friends for so many locals. And three of the world's 10 largest shopping malls are located in the Philippines. They are mega fashion mall of SM Megamall, SM City, Northe, DSA, and SM Mall of Asia. 11. Philippines are the number one texting nation in the world. I think they already know. Filipino's love meeting up with friends at shopping malls. And when they can't see each other in person, they text. And when they do it, they rarely limit it to, hey, how are you? In fact, they send about 400 million texts a day. And that's around 142 billion texts a year. It's more than the US and Europe put together. Not exactly a little number for a country of 107 million people. So we are in a generation of millennials where we are right in between the beeper going out in a text messaging coming in. So we're big textors. Text, yes. Please text me. Don't call me. Uh huh. If it's something that is an urgent, don't call me. Yeah, but they're talking about a lot of stuff. Yeah, yeah. The whole conversation. That's a, they got receipts. I got them receipts. Right. 10. They have a unique form of transportation. If you visit Manila, you'll notice some interesting looking vehicles called Jeepneys. They are converted US Army jeeps that stayed in the country after World War II. Filipinos adapted them to transport up to 18 passengers who jump on the jeepney going in their direction and ring the bell for it to stop. They're about 50,000 jeepneys in Manila and they all look different with basketball stars. It's not my first time in this generation. My first time seeing this. This is dope. This is tight. Yeah. Because these, uh, military cars are from way, way back. Yeah. So this is different. But this reminds me of the my type. I think it always. In New Orleans, you know, in Kenya, Africa, yeah, yeah, M-A-T-A-T-U. Yeah. It's designed in buses and they have the speakers on it. The one is now is colorful. It's so colorful. I understand. That's what this reminds me of. Yeah, but you know, 18 passengers. Let's go. Sneon lights and whatnot on it. There are two major problems with jeepneys, safety concerns and pollution. They produce huge amounts of black smoke. So hurry up if you want to ride before they get replaced with a rapid transit system. Nine. One of the islands has more volcanoes than towns. The Philippines aren't without a doubt a super scenic location. Among all the islands that are a part of it, Camigain sure stands out with more volcanoes per square mile than any other island on the planet. The island is 14 miles long and 8.5 miles wide and has seven volcanoes and five towns. And even though earthquakes and eruptions shaped it, volcanoes have been deep asleep since the 50s. So thousands of tourists can safely visit the island these days. Yeah, I think. It? Their national flag has a secret meaning. The national flag of the Philippines has two bands of blue and scarlet and a white triangle at the hoist with a yellow sun and eight rays, each of them standing for one province of the country. The yellow star stand for the three largest island groups, Luzon, Visayas and Mindinau. What makes the flag really unique is that it can be reversed to declare a state of war. South and during the Filipino Revolutionary War of 1898 to 1901 and during World War 2 in 1941 to 1945. Seven. Boxing directly affects. So the second effort like do that little flip of room y'all talking about some. Oh, I can turn up. Let's hope that don't happen ever. No time soon. I'm rates in the country. Filipinos love boxing and are crazy about their most famous boxer, Manipackia. Whenever he fights, the whole country is glued to its TV sets. And according to the Philippine National Police, BNP, crime rates in the country dropped significantly when he's in the ring. During his 12 round fight against American boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. that went from 9am to 3pm, not a single crime was committed in the whole Manila metropolitan area. It was basically the same during other major fights with the participation of the people's champ, Manipackia. 6. A lot of Filipinos work abroad. It might be because of their flexible and reliable character or the fact that they speak great English as a second language, but more than 11 million Filipinos work abroad. It's around 11% of the population and a quarter of all overseas nurses in the world come from the Philippines. 5. Their rice terraces are the 8th wonder of the world. And now a rice terraces are the oldest in the world and were so smartly designed that they still bring a harvest of rice and vegetables, most of which get exported. And it is believed if all the terraces had been built end to end, they would stretch half way around the world. Today, these places bring the country more money as a tourist destination than rice plantations, and thus they played an important role for the economy of the Philippines. 4. For years, the Philippines had been the number one producer of coconuts in the world. And even though the leadership now belongs to Indonesia, 153,532,000 tons per year is still an impressive number, isn't it? These coconuts are used to make anything from clothing to beauty products. 3. The first European to visit the Philippines was Ferdinand Magellan. The legendary explorer made the first record of the archipelagio among the Europeans in 1521. He founded the first settlement in Seaboo and thus most of the area became a Spanish colony. This explains the fact that around 90% of the population are Christian unlike most of the country's neighbors. In 1898, the Philippines went under U.S. rule and later in 1946 became an independent republic. 2. A Filipino made the first karaoke machine. If you learn about it, this is funny. We just watched the video. Ok, go for it. I think it was Joe Carter's talk about this. Maybe. It could have been. It could have been. I think we heard about this already. Yes, but I was going to say we was watching the video earlier and it was playing the karaoke. That was funny. Who did it? I want to say something. I remember the video you were showing me earlier. It was like literally hours ago. Really? It's not long ago. Oh god. But yes, like maybe they carry okey sessions? They think so. Oh, yeah. I know you're talking about. Yeah, he was thinking of a holdout. I know you're talking about. Yes, sir. You want to thank Filipinos for your favorite pastime. The first karaoke machine in the world was created in 1975 by Roberto del Rosario. He patented it as the sing-along system and even though there were some attempts to claim his creation, he still remains the only patent holder for the karaoke system. 1. The population is extremely good looking. Ok. Along with their love for boxing, texting and shopping, Filipinos are crazy about beauty patches. It might be the years of American rule that gave them this love for competitive beauty. But the fact remains a fact. They have one in all major international patches 15 times. There were four girls crowned Miss Universe, one Miss World, six title holders of Miss International and four Miss Earth crowns. The first official pageant was held within the country in 1908 and since 2001, it's not just about beauty but also for the promotion of environmental protection. Did you like to visit the Philippines or made your own? This was a good light on a lot of things. We didn't really know too much about it. We did react to the Philippines a while back. But we're happy to be back at it. Yes. What should we dive into the culture with next? We hope you guys enjoyed this video with us. Like this video, subscribe, turn on the post notification bell. We have a neighbor that our super thinks if you like, put your shadow that way. As well as our join feature to become a VIP member of the channel. Sitting your reaction request through our description box below. We'll see you soon. Peace.