 Vitya Friday. Diffreshes. Spongebob and Mori said are back in the freaking Wishbuss people and I am so excited. Yeah, because I think they have collaborated before in different things. I think they did that performance in the Koch Studios Philippines. They're collaborating for their hometown part two of them. Talks about the possibility of a mirage in our poetic memory. And what if that may have been nothing more than a light to radiate in from a dead star? That's actually beautiful. Song is only in English. Ooh, okay. It's called So Close. Get so far. Let's just see Mori again, eh? I know. And I know she's like back in the ass up of things. And I'll do the same. Close your eyes now. And look up on. You'll see the same dead stars. Sounds different in English. I know, right. I always think that. Never let the way. Ooh, I love that vibrato. I knew it. I knew it. You know what? I love it. Here's the thing about bringing a rock vocalist into do ballad for where things is that you're still hearing the straight tones and the rough edges of rock. But in a softer, more vulnerable light. And I've always liked that. And I think it's one of those things that people really enjoy from rock bands. They're ballads because it's a completely different texture. But you still get the familiar essence of the band itself. And it's, there's nothing nicer than hearing something so vulnerable. It's comforting, yeah. So nice. He's rocking that. So textured. This voice. The lyrics are banging. Yeah, the riff is nice. That's a bad joke. I can't. Good color. So the way it's different. Dude, Murray said, yeah, good bro. Oh, breaking goosebumps. How are they sounding like there's a whole line of vocals in there and it's just a two of them. That is so beautiful. Okay, can we just talk about the absolutely different sound techniques from Murray said compared to his right? You again, I knew this was coming. I knew that the stark difference was going to make it the feature was going to make the song. I already understood that. But it's just so bright and she's so light and she's sitting in a higher range of her vocals is definitely settling into not so resonant in her chest. It's very breathy in sections and it's so bright. It's so bright and the song is so incredibly poetic, kind of like an oxymoron because you're talking about that stars that are bright and things that are yet to become but never will and will they won't they? You know, the whole opposition and that two of them coming together, it's another amplifier of the concept that they're exploring in their lyricism. Look at those vocals. So nice. It remains delicate without losing much good. Yes. Oh my god, the way I'm going to abuse the song. It's so bright. Ah, it's perfect. Hey, I'm low range. You see, it's still not very chesty. It's not very grounded, but yeah. It's still very, very. It's not grounded to her chest at all. Very well made. Very well made. It's right for the genre. Cool. So close yet so far. And it's like no school filter. The way I'm going to sing this. So close yet so far. And it's the same sky. How do they sound like there's ten people singing? Literally. So close yet so far. Where are they doing? You know, Sponge Cola has been the music for like, forever. Three, not for like, 21 years. Yeah, yeah, they have been doing this forever. What are you? Oh, I don't know how they. It's got to sound silly, right? Because I don't sing. And they have never done a duet. Like singing me actually singing. I like harmonies and other shit. But is it hard to get confused? No, to be honest, I think from a singer's perspective, it's one of the tough things. How do you know how to go? Do you have to think that you have to sing? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But I don't know. But I do have to think that your, your section of the song is the tune, is the lead role, and the other person would go ahead and. I give it a hear about voice, give it a hear. I give it a hear about voice, give it a hear about voice, give it a hear. So fun. And if the same sky we give it a shot. But all we can was nothing. And why nothing. It's so cool. It's ridiculous. Yes. You are the only one who can't understand. I wish one or seven five. Yeah, it's floaties. Very nice. Oh, and that's how it is. What the hell? Seven five. Go his hand. I don't know. What does that mean? No idea. Is that sign language? I don't speak it. I don't speak sign. Mori said it and her versatility is just mesmerizing. Honestly, I think it's one of the things that really takes this song from being what a great song to wow. And I think it's because the thing is, when you say Mori said, I think big belts, I think big chesty voice. That's what everyone's saying here. Very nice. No, everyone's saying that that's what they think. Yeah, it's so cool to see her colors and her vocal capability still be signature hers. And it's not changing in any way whatsoever. But it's being molded into the song. And it's a right fit for the song. Like she's able to understand what the song requires from her and how she's able to deliver something new, fresh, and still maintain her own vocal color, which is basically impossible. It comes from a lot of years of trying. And I think this song is my new favorite, people. I like, bro. I like, I love. I gave it a shot. But all we had was what brought her.