 But you're Friday. The freshest. Hello! So we're back with more dance move motion situation and this is you peeps and the Philippine representative Philippines in 2017 in the hip hop international competitions. They were the gold winning medalists of that year and you guys wanted to check it out. I asked to check it out so we're here. God, I can't speak. Yeah, it was very requested. Certainly in the comments so go on. I think it's probably like another group. Yeah, it's another dance group. Go on. Fabriott! The champion! So we, what you do with dance? Peeps in Arizona. It makes you want to dance. Yeah, okay. Love this angle. Oh my god, there's so many of them. Again. Fuck me, just kids, go. Love that, I love that. What do we like? What happened? What happened to sound? Maybe it's sound. God, me. Oh, God. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. What the hell is that? No, I run my soul. Woo! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Okay! I go into my beast mode. Rapid, wind is out. Holy crap, there's some well-equipped cronies. Absolutely insanity. Jesus! move. Oh! It's like they... that's so weird. It's like they fucking change gravity to fall in the right moment. In this guy's is like insane. It is so freaking sharp My god Join that screw We go on that I'm gonna sing that stuff was good. I don't know if you something that's coming viral because this stuff I get recommended to me. It's very weird compared to the stuff It is really weird. It's really weird stuff. What the normal person gets recommended because I don't really use my social media that much So I don't I guess the algorithm doesn't understand me you it doesn't get you know, that's for sure But I have seen that it is funny But that's old but oh really is it really old? I happened in summer so it's like years ago Now on the internet, but listen it's great this freaking Synchronicity is so sharp like there is not one edge of like Personality traits in there like insane unity. There is a freaking It's a truck interesting how there's no like what I mean I wouldn't know this is not my area of expertise. I'm so just here to enjoy the ride I guess you can provide a bit more knowledge than I can but it is just like This it doesn't seem to be a weak link Not at all Yeah, exactly everybody's a brick wall here. It's a freaking insanity though. There are synchronicities mad Never chase it Just wait It's good. Yeah, oh my god awesome what the hell Yes I God you see the synchronicities man. Oh, girl. Do you just look at it? You're on there Oh my god, the candles are awesome Oh Hey Man, this is fire oh Hell yeah, you know And that's how you dance that stuff Oh, what the hell The remix is though there everything to me Flyer How sick This is literally my favorite sections Oh my god guys guy look at this guy on the far left It's like doing you know you know that thing used to do to like in school You were like I can make a tornado something. Oh, yeah, I think you hold each other's hands Yeah, and then you run as fast as you can you stay like that's one person is like Flying up your hands kiss. Oh, they last one person. You only use one. Well, when you join links. Would you make chains of them? Sometimes what you don't play like that. No, no, you just hold someone's hand just like that and then they're going circles But they did it they wrapped around their legs. Yeah, I guess a safe actually is pretty better. This is this is a good Uh Section This is actually such a nice. Oh, they're all good. Yeah, it's impressive. Oh Oh my goodness. Oh That's fantastic. Oh, I love it Yeah, they're so visually captivating But you see there's everybody's just like so freaking symmetrical That's a maize balls Palante Maria Bassito The remixes bro Oh my gosh, oh my god, how do you look like that? Oh I don't think I'm more It's like Samba yeah My wonder it I wonder who remixes this freaking tracks It usually is themselves like the the pick sure they have that sections they want to do like one of them will be really savvy I think like the DJing things and then they put the thing to that level would be like that I love I you be surprised a lot of the times it just is their own mixes. This is the highest level Yeah, that is yes, yeah, and that was something I was very impressed about like you know Obviously the Philippines has a very high pedigree of singers and I think worldwide They they have been known and now you know even more than ever it being known as some of some of their best singers and power vocalists In the world and then it turns out as well that they've always been known in the dance community as Some of the most respectable yeah, well classed-downs. Yeah, I mean I know there's like the job job I'll walk you the job of walkies. Yeah, I'm familiar. I've seen some of their work They're awesome. They went viral so much in like 2020 12. Yeah, they have like masks. Yeah, yeah But yeah, that's all I knew basically and then when we did the Filipino dance special we sort of understood a bit more But I guess I took that that podcast more like learning more about the culture cultural side of dance Because I was very intrigued to see you know a singing is such a part of the culture Perhaps is there other forms in which art has translated itself through a history or and its culture and obviously dance It seems to be a huge deal about it. That's amazing though, but yeah I wonder how like how they come about about the mix of the I reckon they have someone I mean it is a very music savvy industry. Yeah So yeah, some of the dancers can't but I'd imagine come on It has to also be like I think like what makes you bring to the competition also has to be like It's huge deal, right? It's a huge element. I would think that they would that's also something that you judge It probably goes in this order Choreography right? Yeah performance music. It has it's the top three. Yeah, it's the top three most important I don't know where they criteria is in the hip-hop international, but listen listen I will think that that's a huge deal and the plenty of like you know good good I don't know what would you what would you need for this like a DJ? Yeah, you would have to yeah, you would have a DJ I'm good producers in the Philippines. So I'm sure they can fuck I mean they won right so they can't help with something clean Usually in dance battles like in smaller scales than this you have a DJ that plays their own mix. Yeah, I see that movie just dance. Oh my god That's the only thing I know not I've seen YouTube videos as well. Okay Do you know those YouTube videos to go viral? Yeah, they go like you what? Nobody does Everyone said who I wonder why he's gonna reply and then I don't know that I don't know what was next the video We always cut that oh because it's the best moment. Maybe they reply was rather Unclimactic yeah, if it's not in the video, what do you win just respect? And money sometimes yeah Yeah, yeah depending on the competition like the most Depending on the competition Depending on the competition. I haven't had coffee or gay Yeah, you like bro. Good. Like my time is not awake But yeah, it's depending on the competition and the organization like what about it? What about the price here? Here yeah, I don't know when the price is here, but I would think it's pretty hefty But I don't know you were founded in 2012 in 2002 Like they started doing it here pop international competitions in 2002 for the first time. No, I don't know that I just read it Oh What's wrong with that bro that's a ton of Montana. Ah, why is this beginning spam? Yeah, I mean fuck man. He caught all our drugs and well, I'm talking about a bird Ah Funny thing perico even though it is a drug Is known most popularly that for that recent not that I'm some sort of drug connozui But perico also means in You learn a very young actually It also means It also means food it means a specific type of eggs scrambled eggs Oh, but that's that's specific to Venezuela. Yeah, but in Venezuela. That's how you call like scrambled eggs with like I don't know condiments and and it's always orange as well It's so juicy. It's a really good with juicy scramble eggs That's right. It's right, but you see suggest depending on the description you know if they're talking about their sort of a bird The scramble egg or psychedelic The psychedelic yeah, yeah, psychedelic. I don't know. I will. Let's call it a stucotropic Sure As a chemical substance I shouldn't be you know ingested, but it's a yes. I mean You could do you're afraid to do whatever you want but don't do that actually YouTube We don't talk about this stuff here and also be nice Nice if I will don't say that's the way I could say You're telling me to go Oh I got the sauce That's a guy it became about yeah 2017 obviously I remember everyone I must have been in school back then I was a six form. Yeah, I think I had a broken back. Yeah, and I remember being Although 2016 was the best year of my life This is 2017. Yeah, so 2016 was the best year of my life. You broke your you break your back in 2016 late 2016 No summer 26 I don't know it was ending. It was the end. Yeah, it was like November something. Yeah, so I'm out there And festive wasn't shit. I'm by the is just and I'm out here like Tribb and balls in 2017 comes and that song goes viral El Chapo and then people here in Britain even that you know they don't speak English everybody everybody was watching it El Capo and on neck for the trouble is it's at the same. Oh, then this would it was I mean, I don't know. I'm not very well versed in pop culture. No, I know There's no I don't know what I'm thinking. I remember this song. Yeah, cuz I used to like it. It's right off Even though it speaks about criminal I got a Oh I Say Oh Whoo And that's when you throw the fireworks and the freaking bandanas come on and shit. Sorry I got so excited. Yeah, I got excited. This is not even Bro, I wish they had the raw sound from like the people were nuts Yeah, but we have no sound You you cuz it's a pre-record. It's like it's a process sound But they only get the yeah, they only get this the the the what is it called the uh Mixed the sound desk mix. Yeah, I understand. I'm just saying fun fact, bro sure, but he doesn't doesn't make it I wonder then can anyone get tickets to go watch it Yeah, you can buy them online they announced them like a year prior so They usually they announced one the next one is gonna be where's gonna be and then you can go to their website and buy tickets Usually they're usually in in America though. They're they're often in the So much of discover like let's Vegas so much to do yeah, it's actually amazing Anyways, let us know what you thoughts about it. I certainly more that I know there's another group that you guys wanted just to check out And but I'm not and you I don't know bulldogs something with bulldogs. I'm not sure I'll check the comments, but do let us know a bit more here and we will check them out. This is fun, though. Goodbye. Good bye. Happy Saturday