 Hello! Hi! More Philippines content? What? When have we ever done a Philippines content? I don't know. What was that? I was very surprised. That was quite interesting. I know that's sometimes what I do when I'm surprised. Like, somebody comes in and gives you a present. Anyway... What? You turn into one of the two men? Yeah. Two men? Yeah. Pretty much. Today, top 10 Philippines and other top 10 video. This time it's from the Lost Leblanc. Like a travel vlogger. Yeah. He's pretty big travel vloggers. He's got like over a million, like 1.7 or something like that. Which is pretty big for travel vloggers. I feel like a lot of travel vloggers have like a couple hundred K around. Then there's some big ones like him, both in big grub, people like that. And I'm like, yes, theory, I guess it would be a travel channel. But yeah. So we're going to do this today. See, if there's any more places in the Philippines that the vlogger is going to tell us that we didn't know about. Yeah. Let's find out. They're underwater right now. Look at that. Yeah, she's swimming down there. It looks very scary. There's not a way. I'm in. Swam and, swam and, swam and, look at that water. Yeah. You can see nothing scary. To be taken on a tropical journey through the most beautiful destination that I have come across in all my three years of travel. Okay, no. This right here is the Philippines. Having spent almost four and a half months, three separate visits in the country, I've seen and done a lot of things here. And because of my recent trip here, it was time to update my top 10. He's like, I love it for it. I want to find. He's filled with the 2.0 version. Strap yourself in and get ready for what will be your next tropical adventure, the Philippines. Let's hop right into it with number 10, Cresta de Gaio. This is going to be an island that 95% of you have never heard of. So clear. It's a reason being because, well, it's probably just about the hardest island you can ever try to get to. We're getting there. Three days of travel just to get here. There were no given routes. You basically had to completely wing it and just show up. Hope that everything would work out. One of the great things about traveling to Philippines is that the locals will stop what they're doing in a heartbeat to try to help you out. So getting around even the off the beaten path kind of places is still possible here, but you really need to want this. So why should you go out and find Cresta de Gaio? Well, I think the drone shots will speak for themselves. When you show up on this island, you feel like you're on castaway. You feel like you were stranded in the middle of nowhere. You might as well start screaming, Wilson, because there ain't no one coming. We were fortunate enough that day to have had the sun on our side and we got a remarkable sunset. We watched it on this narrow white sand beach. Cresta de Gaio is for those who are really cool. How would we be so cool? 1,000 miles to see true beauty. Now, how would we be so cool if you're like, you had somebody drive you out there and they're like, okay, come pick us up tomorrow. This is left here. If they don't come back, then you hope that they remember. Just like a week later, they're like, oh, shoot. The people on the island. They're eating jolly and they're like, oh! Oh! They throw their adobo to the side. We'd be out there already going full on savage boat. We'd have like, I would have my leg would be chopped off as we're sharing it. I would have spears right off fish. Let's move on to number nine. Number nine is one that most of you know very well and have seen on your Instagram as it's currently blowing up and that is beautiful El Nido. El Nido is one of the most talked about destinations in all of the Philippines and without being said. We so cool that you're around. That's why it's not making the top three and not even the top five. I'm putting it all the way at number nine because right now El Nido is facing a very well-deserved tourism boom. This place is Avatar meets your craziest dream. Incredible dramatic limestone mountains just jutting out of emerald blue waters. It really makes no sense how everything that's beautiful is in one place but that is what El Nido is all about. El Nido is particularly well known for its island tours. You've got tour A which is probably the most popular where you get to see small lagoon. You get to see big lagoon. Out of my three trips to the Philippines, I've been to El Nido every single time, three years in a row and I've seen that constant increase in tourism. If you're in a large enough group, my recommendation is to actually just rent out your own private boat. The big advantage to that is that you don't need to follow the path that everyone else is following. And one of the great things of having your own private group is that you can call the shots. You don't need to follow everyone else. You can just go to your own islands and make your own adventures. After seeing small lagoon, we actually asked our driver just to take us to a private island. We had lunch on this island pretty much just in another boat. Overall, that was for me the best way to enjoy El Nido. But one warning is that you might miss out on the social atmosphere that can happen when you have a great tour group. I've also had one of my best ever dives here in El Nido. I saw Barakuda, sea turtle. I believe I saw a sea horse, a bunch of other incredible marine life. This was definitely a remarkable diving spot. There's one other thing that you cannot miss if you go tell Nido and that is the beach called Nakapan, the most beautiful beach in the entire world. Number eight, the island of Behold. Behold. Instagram, I feel like there's ruined all the good spots because all of a sudden, there's the tourist boom, just everyone shows up. Now, like, it's the Bali then. That's like all over Instagram. Iceland is all over in the Instagram. Which are landies, either. Yeah, we gotta get there before we're. We gotta find these spots that nobody knows about and we gotta get there first. And then we can follow someone. Yeah! We'll ruin it. So one of the most diverse islands you will see. High end hotels, hostels, everything is here in Behold. And that is one of the reasons I love it so much. Whether you wanna spend your day on the beach or go and explore the beautiful chocolate hills, there's so much that can be seen and done here. Not to mention, this is home to one of the most unique creatures you'll ever come across. It looks like a monkey that had a baby with an alien. It's called a darts here. They're very, very nervous. Do not use a loud voice. Be very quiet. Otherwise, they literally could drop dead from a herk attack. I'm not joking. There are two main parts of the hole. There is hand out, which is in the north. And I thought it was beautiful. I really love this blue hole we found. But I gotta say the beach up in the north, when I was there a year and a half ago, it was very dirty. Hopefully they've taken care of that. And in the more southern tip of the island, you have a lona beach. And this is probably where I would recommend you stay. All sorts of different hotels and accommodations. Oh, that's so nice. Oh, that's so nice. And it's a great way to start your day trip. If you're gonna be doing the Tarsier Chocolate Hill Day Trip, that can all be done in one day. It's one of my favorite day trips that I've ever had. Now number seven is definitely all you want. Do we gotta do that? I mean, at least it'd be warm. Because the cliff jump in, we class time was so cold. We cliff jumped in Oregon, Indicator Lake, and it was shockingly cold. It was on top of a volcano, I guess. It was pretty high. Wasn't there snow on some of the peaks? Yeah, yeah. It was very cold. I mean, like 60 and 70 water, even feels cold when you first get into it. And that was like 40, 50 water. Yeah, water. Not. It was not a good way. It was actually waves and hitting them. It was not a good first cliff jump experience though. Lovers out there, this is the secret hideout of Palawan. Port Barton is in between El Nido and Porta Princessa. And it's only about a four hour drive away from El Nido. It's definitely one of my recommended places for you if you're the kind of person that wants to relax, that wants to have a romantic retreat and do a whole lot of nothing. How I best describe Port Barton is Candle Lit dinners on the beach and lights out by like 9 p.m. There's a couple bars on the beach so it's not to say everything shuts down. Unfortunately, my time there was very, I'm not open now. And I did not get to do the island hopping tour but I've heard it's one of the better ones. So definitely try and check that out. There's also known to be a lot of sea turtles in this area. So do a bit of snorkeling and you may very well encounter yourself with one of those dudes. That'd be cool to see all those fish like that. This sounds like the perfect place. We go on all these adventure places and then we're like, we gotta go do some reaction videos. True, yeah, here's just a reaction. Yeah, fighting you. All right, for number six, I'm actually gonna do a two part because these two islands are very close by and they would definitely make an incredible trip. But let's start it off by talking a little bit about Tablas. A place that is literally so unknown that I have to say, I feel a little bit proud that I even found it. Tablas is a dormant but beautiful island. It's made for you to explore. It's made for so palm trees. Yes, Booter and go explore this island because it has so much to offer. Incredible white sand beaches, beautiful sunsets. You will find it all year in the island of Tablas. And one of my major finds on this island here was this resort right here named footprints. If you're going to Tablas, there are no one recommendation. Now, just a short one hour boat ride away from Tablas is the island of Ramblon. And on Ramblon is one of the most beautiful beaches I've ever seen. This is Bon Bon Beach. These are the moments that live with you for the rest of your life. And it made coming all the way off the beaten path completely worth it. Without being said, it's actually not that hard to get here. Even though these two islands are definitely off the main tourist path, they are actually super easy to get to. I flew direct Manila to Tablas in like an hour and 10 minutes using Seaboo Pacific. And Seaboo Pacific is the number one airline in the country. They were my go-to airline for my travels across the Philippines. Oh, that's so cool. They can fly internationally to places like Seoul, Hong Kong, Singapore, Bangkok, and even Australia. I definitely recommend taking a bit of a wild card on your next trip and trying out these two islands. So we always do wild cards who just go with the blow. And I've actually had the pleasure of going to Duma Getty on two separate occasions. And the great thing about Duma Getty is not necessarily Duma Getty itself, but what surrounds it? It has Apo Island, which literally means sea turtle island. It has Zikihor Island, which is a remarkable voodoo witchcraft island. Oh, that's high. They can be more popular by tourism. We've also built it to be close to one of my favorite places in the country. Known as Manjul Yudh Sanbar, or as I tried to coin it, the Maldives of the Philippines. And there's one particularly great day trip in Duma Getty. And that is Casanoval Falls. Now I just named dropped a ton of places. And that's probably a little overwhelming. But the great thing is I've actually created an entire travel video guide for the Philippines. So if you're curious about that, I have a free preview to the guide down below. It covers everything you could possibly need to know. Everything from safety. Where to find that? Yeah. So we can go like the best, must see hidden gems. And it'll definitely get you a great head start for your upcoming trip. I put my heart and soul and everything that I learned over my past three trips to the Philippines into this one guide so that you can make the most of it. So definitely go check that out. Number four is Bantian Island. One of the islands I love most in the entire world. This is like Boracai before Boracai blew up. Bantian's not exactly the easiest island in the world to get to, but the slight challenges that come with getting there are 100% worth it. That's the most interesting. The more you put into getting there, the more you're going to enjoy it. And typically it also means the less people that will be there. And if you're like myself, it's great to have a beautiful white sand beach to just yourself and a handful of other people. For me, that's what travel is about. It's about experiencing the things that few others have seen. And Bantian is certainly one of those places. Oh, you can actually touch them. Oh, in Iceland they just run away. They would be like, man. They'd run for it. Thanks. It's a motorbike because the island could probably take you as much as like five to six hours just to go around. It is definitely a full day trip, just to scratch the surface of this island. The people that Philippines are extremely kind, and it doesn't matter what road you follow down. Typically they always greet you with a massive smile and don't be afraid to pull over and actually have a conversation with them. I remember in Bantian, stopping at a random little market and just sitting down and having a beer with a few of the guys. Even though there was a bit of a language barrier, they really appreciated me making the effort to talk to them. And for me, it was one of the highlights of my entire day. So definitely try and make friends a little bit more comfortable. A couple of the notable locations on the island are this abandoned building here, right on the water. And in typical Philippines nature, we have got some incredible blue water with the saturation on full boost. It's definitely a very relaxing island. So enjoy a world-class sunset in one of my favorite islands in the entire world. All right, we are now heading up to the podium. The bronze medal number three is going to body on. Nothing but beautiful blue water that's formed its way through the rocks. You could do some incredible cliff jumps into the canyon. The water has even eroded away at some of the rock and it's made for some crazy water like the valley of the water. The refreshing waters. Now you think this would be the end of the experience, but there is actually a cherry on top. And that is at the very end of the canyon. You arrive at what is the greatest waterfall that I think I've ever seen. This right here is Kawasan Falls, also known as the Gatorade Factory. Whether it's a fan's or is it the bluest of waters would be flowing into this little area at the very end. And this is the result. It's definitely becoming a bit more of a mainstream destination. So try to coordinate and figure out the low times to visit. But even if you have to share it with other people, this is still an unforgettable experience. Now most people would celebrate if they got a silver medal if they made the podium, but Karan, please don't cry. You're still extremely beautiful. Number two is going to the dreamy island of Karan. Look at these drone clips. Look at these lagoon. Look at this water. It is very similar to what you saw in El Nido, but the remarkable thing about Karan is that it's not as busy as El Nido. So everything that was great about El Nido is here, but with less tourism. Only two of the 11 lakes on the island are accessible to the public. Not even the locals can swim in those other nine sacred lakes. There's a lot of history here. And there's even said to be a giant octopus that swims in these waters. So always be looking behind you. The Loch Ness Monster at the Philippines. Things that you must do in Karan. And the first two can be done in one day trip. There's actually a shipwreck and pass island day tour where you start off the day by free diving into a sunken Japanese warship if you can hold your breath long enough. And secondly, you end up in a day here at Pass Island. One of the most beautiful islands that I think I've ever seen. Nothing but beautiful white sand beaches surrounded by so really in blue waters and a whole lot of nothing to do. They even had an island weiner dog. That was definitely cherry on top to pass island. And the weiner dog. Everyone will end up doing it. They go to Karan is of course the lagoon tour. The lagoons here are out of this world. There's many island tours that are offered. But the one that I took took me to these beautiful lagoons. It took me to the incredible Kalagaman Lake and they even showed us a secret lake where we had to swim under one of the rock structures to actually, that's cool. The weather is right. You will never be able to find something more beautiful than this period. Now guys, let us find out who has pushed Karan off of the number one spot in last year's top 10. Drumroll please. Number one goes to the unbelievable island of Shargau. Shargau also known as Cloud 9 is surfers paradise. Right off of the ocean. We can think of a great surf. Yeah. crashing in on the shore. This is actually where I had my first ever real successful surfing day. Oh, it was a very rewarding experience. My nipples were a little chafed, but we're not going to get into that. That is going to say my nipples are a little hard. And luckily, the surf is just scratching the surface. There is so much that you can do here in Shargau. There's some great hostels, some amazing hotels and they even have six star resorts like dead on island. Six stars. This is a truly world-class luxury experience. Oh, there's the Emerald Greens, so about lagoon. The incredible rock pools of Mago Pumco. Probably didn't say that right, but we're going to move on. And the awesome thing is Shargau is just one island surrounded by other beautiful islands. There's so much island bridge. And by the way, it's probably frowned upon to be naked there. There's Guyam Island, and several others that will all be fit into your island hopping tour. So that's for you to explore and find out. And it's actually becoming a lot easier to get here. You can actually fly direct now from Manila using Seaboo Pacific and you get there in like an hour and 45. Good night life, chilled vibes, all in one place. This is Shargau. And that is the reason it is my number one must-see place in the Philippines. That is the top 10 to the Philippines. I hope it helped you with your eye-concerned. I think coconut. That's our coming. And you'll definitely want to check out my free preview to my five hot tips to the Philippines. It'll be a great head start for you on your trip. Look no further, check the link in the bio. And if you're new to my channel here, I would invite you to become part of Team Get Lost by hitting that subscribe button. So guys, without further- Dang. Wow. I feel like there's a lot of new ones on that one too. There was. And you went more like into actual traveling, like stuff to do. Yeah. Whereas the other one's kind of show the nature of it. Yeah. And he's like talked about like what he did there. And that's cool. Yeah, it's really cool. Thank you. Wow. We're gonna have to be in the Philippines for so long just to see everything. And just, whew. So good all, man. I'm gonna learn how to surf. We're gonna have to learn how to ride a true motorcycle bike. We definitely need to get one round those smaller islands. Oh yeah. That's gonna be how we have to get around. We're gonna learn, maybe learn some like phrases. Yeah. Turn. Dang it. We got, we definitely should go to one of the chill islands and learn how to surf. That would be interesting. No, that would love to learn how to surf. That would be so cool. That would be really interesting. I feel we're just gonna be the worst. Our guys gonna be like, how are you so bad? I can't. I went, whatever the stand boarding is, paddle boarding. Not. Yeah, something like that. I could not balance on that thing for the life of me. I have no balance. We'll see. We'll see how that goes. Gonna win. Gonna win. We got a climb of a volcano. We're born to win. Born to win, beanie, right? Right? We got a climb of volcano. We have to surf. We have to eat food. We have to find our own tri-fade island. Yes. Put a flag in tri-fade island. It's almost set to do. And we have to go to the biggest mall in Manila. Yes. Yes. Yeah, dang. Seriously. Just the traveling. The traveling needs to start. I need to travel, okay? I'm just, one of our flights got canceled on our trip. Coming up here. Hey. We might travel harder now. Yeah, and this place just looks so warm and so nice. And we're going places very cold. But thanks for watching everybody. Hopefully you enjoy the video. Subscribe if you did like the video if you did. And let us know what else you want to see in the comments below. See you later. Bye.