 I recall people getting on me about the public transportation and it's more safe there than in the United States. I mean because that's a different perspective now. If I feel like every time I get on, you know, I got a throw hands and I'm just stopped doing it. Because I'm like, well, fight for what you mad at me for. That's my first time here. What's good, y'all? It's a dumbass shirt. React and we're back with another video. Who we got today, see? Today we're back with another American reaction. Super excited about this video, guys. If you need to listen to me, make sure you scroll down. Hit that subscribe button. Turn on the post notification bell because we're on the road to 100K. And we cannot hit that without you guys, all right? Join the family without further ado. Let's get into the video. Today's video, why I moved to the Philippines. On other words, why I left Germany. It is a sunny day like every single day in the Philippines, which is one of the major websites. And I thought, I would just give you a list of, why did I move here? First things first and that is kind of the obvious thing for most foreigners that they go to Indonesia like Bali, they go to Thailand, they go to the Philippines. And it's cheaper like the same amount of money that you use here goes a lot further compared to Europe. Like in my case in Germany, if I order food, it's at least two to three times as expensive. If you ever looked at real estate prices or like, unit prices in New York. If you live in like a really modern city, like New York, you pay like $2,000 to $3,000 for like a minimal apartment in the city. For the same price, you can get a penthouse here. And I mean like actual penthouse, 150 square meters, multiple rooms. Now you probably don't need that level of luxury. But if you compare what you can get for the exact same amount of money, it just goes further here. Yeah, just comparing to give you the idea, like he's really paying a good picture here because you want to move to the Philippines from your location, you can like the cost of living. Yeah, big difference. The New York, New York, the New York. Come on, baby, let it out. The park is really expensive. It is. Okay, and after you said, you have to go get a penthouse in the Philippines. What's going to do with it? So imagine what I can get underneath there. You said we're going to do it? I said I would go do it. Oh, you would. I would go do it. Go do it. Okay, I'm not sure. I was going to go do it. Well, any Western goods, like for example shoes or like clothes or whatever, it's the same price. It has to be imported. Sometimes it's even more expensive. For example, on cast, I pay luxury tax. Almost every single service that you can get here is a lot cheaper than in Europe. For example, let's say you work with other people. What I've heard when it comes to like the prices of let's say an assistant or somebody who just helps you out, somebody who cleans your place, it's like four to five times cheaper. And the best thing is if you tip somebody, let's say a delivery guy and you just tip them for like 10, 15%. That goes a long way here because the average income is about like a dollar per hour, at least in the city. For example, one of my friends last year during Christmas, he tipped a delivery guy about a thousand pesos, so like 17 to 20 dollars. That's like two days of work. You can with a normal tip, give somebody like two days of their lifetime back. The number two, which is also obvious, it's the weather. When it comes to Germany or Europe, it rains like a hundred-ish days a year. It's called for at least like five months. Like our summer's like three to four months. Where it's like comfortable to go outside in a shirt. And even then, not every single day is that comfortable. But here every single day is comfortable. I'm here for seven months now. You start like miss seasons. And you can't really wear hoodies or jackets or anything like that. I get used to wearing long pants, but I can only wear shirt outside. If you wear anything more like a second layer of clothes, you will die. Next thing, people here, they're a lot more friendly compared to people in Germany. For my own experience, to depend somewhere you live, of course. But I lived in Berlin, the capital. And I can tell you, it doesn't seem that friendly there. Most people have their phone like this. They don't have a smile on the face, just walk around. And it's the opposite. Everybody seems happy. Even when they work, they have a smile on the face. In general, it just seems a lot more easy going here. As in, people aren't that stressed. People are more relaxed. And I'd prefer that a lot. I always refer to the whole city where I live in, called BGC, as I could try and tell a result. Because it feels exactly like that. It's like every single day, is a Sunday, where it's just easy going, more relaxed. There isn't as much stress as they are used to back in, wherever you're from. You distance yourself from where you grew up. Because if I think back to where I grew up and where you used to live most of my life, it's next to my school. It's in this same area. I see the exact same street every single day. And eventually you won't change. So, going to a city, can it change just that? When the city in Asia, changes that a lot. Next part, and I'm going to be fully honest about that. Okay, so... What would be the difference in Germany? When it comes to, in terms of moving to the city, are you still surrounded by schools? Like, is everything the same? I'm kinda unclear. Or what do you mean, right there? Yeah, I get the same vibe too. Yeah. Look different here, obviously, right? Like I'm white, I got blonde hair, I stand out. And even though it's more like an ecotistical thing, I guess. But it makes a few more special. Because in Europe, I'm just a guy. I'm average height. I'm, I guess, average looks. I'm average everything. I'm just average. But if you're here in Southeast Asia, like Asia in general, it's different. People are more open to talk to you. They're interested in where you're from, what you're doing here. How long you've been here, if you travel to certain places, it's easy to make conversation. But in Germany, it's like, nobody cares. Nobody even opens a conversation with you, unless they want to stab you. Which is the next thing. It feels safer here, if you go to the beach or like, to the province. It also feels safe. It might just be me, my experience so far. But compared to Germany, my mom, for example, doesn't even take public transportation because she does not feel comfortable doing so. And she never knows if anything bad happens there. You just feel safer. To be fair, BGC, my county, all those cities, the modern places, they're all bubbles. Oh, okay. I recall people getting on me about the public transportation. And it's more safe there than in the United States. That's a different perspective now. If I feel like every time I get on, you know, I got a throw hands, and I'm just gonna stop doing it. Right. Because I'm like, well, fight for. What you mad at me for? Well, that's my first time here. I got a bash for months. He said a few things I ain't gonna repeat, but I'm not gonna repeat it. But man, it's like, okay. Yeah, bro, yo, yo. I mean, it's starting to add up now. The nine conversations. The head on the phone is 24-7. Not speaking. Not speaking, not showing, you know, giving much attention to people. Yeah. All the other words we learned this, you know, I'm saying it's closed. Not open. Very closing. That's why you cannot generalize people or places, okay? Yeah. Just because we're from the United States, that's not me. We're just like any other person who's from the United States. So we don't think the same of anyone from anywhere else. I remember saying there's blah, blah, blah everywhere. And they say, oh, no, it's not. And then I pulled out my phone after that video. And I went look up reports, news articles. Yeah. The same things that was happening. May not have been bad shootings. But the same things that I was talking about, kidnappings and all that was happening there. Yeah, it's universal. No one's exempt. May not be as noticeable or very, you know, it's not happening as much, but it's happening. There's much. But this is his experience. And no, Germany is pretty huge. Right. So we can only take so much of his experience and be like, oh, that's how it may be. Right. And so areas, but we ain't going to put you all in the same book and be like, yeah, all y'all going down. Right. Per the truth. Now it's not the facts. That's why we just, we preach, giving people the benefit of the doubt. Don't just generalize so much. Okay. Be open-minded. Because if you was a close-minded individual, you could took this around with it. Yeah. And told his friend and tele-fint to tele-friend and y'all were all been thinking about Germany. Right. But we don't fault him for it. He know his name. This is his experience. And he shared his experience. We appreciate that. Keep going. It's not the real Philippines. It's more like the modern-ish cities where everybody would like to go to. But it's like the real Philippines. It just feels better here. Everybody's friendly, open-minded. And for example, when I now take my phone out and a little microphone and I just record. People are happy doing their video. You know what they say in Europe? They say nothing because they have something where they pretty much protect you against any recording. As in, if I were to record in Europe right now, if I don't have permission, it's not a lot, at least in Germany. And here it's more like everybody's happy that you record, that you show the country. It's a different vibe, a different feeling. We was watching the vlog. They were not in Europe. Yeah, we were in France. France? And the stairs that they were getting, like you could have seen it on the vlog. They were even pointed out. And it was like, to some point, it was cringing because it was like, damn, they can't even... Yeah, vlog. They can't even show the people their experience, whether the people around them making them making it seem like it's hostile, you know? Yeah, they even got stopped by the police. Yes, for a few times, a few numbers of things. But yes, this is one to point that out. Next part, and that is traveling. Now, we cannot talk about that in the last few minutes, but whether you want to go to a city, to beach, to mountain, an hour or two hours away, they can go to any place they would like to go. Traveling itself, taking flights, or taking a grab, which is the equivalent of taking a taxi on Uber. It's a lot cheaper as well. Like, if I go 10 kilometers west to Mall of Asia, which is pretty cool more. One of the biggest malls in the whole world. I think the grab, the taxi there, cost me about $4.5 for 10 kilometers and like a 30-minute ride. In Europe, there would be closer to like 40 euros. It's a small difference. But simple things like that, just make it a lot more accessible if you have a EU or American income, then move to a South Asian country. Next part is that there are less rules, you could say. Then, now you're going to talk about the less rules. I don't know, just, you know, we've learned a lot about a lot. Okay, so just putting things in perspective. I understand it's cheaper, but I feel like in Europe, you're able to experience so many different cultures. Oh, yeah. So travel here, there in a showroom. We've learned about their traveling experiences. Yeah, yeah. So, okay. It's like a win-win on both ends. It is. But it's experience, which is sharing in our thoughts. Yeah. Then, if you live in Germany, you know what I mean? Anything you would like to do, whether it is making a change in your apartment, your house, your car, whatever it is, has to get approved. Their rules, their multiple documents have to fill out. Oh. That doesn't really exist there. You just do things. And it works quite well. For example, the traffic. If you're used to European traffic or American traffic, people, you know, listen to the rules, they do what they do. I mean, sometimes here's the opposite. People just drive. There's no real indication where you turn left or right, mostly. Oh, don't even do it. And it seems more chaotic in the beginning. But it works better. So far, I think I've seen almost one car crash, but actually zero. Within seven months. To be fair, most of the time I stay within the city and the traffic here is regulated. We get traffic lights, all that. But driving itself, it seems a lot more relaxed. I do take a scooter almost everywhere, because it is faster than anything else. You're pretty much a pedestrian, a cyclist, and a car at the exact same time. So there's zero rules for you. I wouldn't recommend doing that because you know, it's dangerous, whatever. It's so much more relaxed that you can just take a scooter that you just buy. And you take it anywhere. And then, or regulations, you don't have to fill out some paper. Same with like a SIM card. They're changing that right now over the next like four, five, six months. But if you want to get a SIM card here, you just buy it. You don't have to get them in details, information, nothing like that. You just buy it. So much easier. Second to last point, everything, at least in the city in BGC, is in walking distance. If you want to buy a Lambo, as a random example, you can walk there. It's in the city. If you want to go to a spa, it's in the city. You want to go to a dentist. You want to go to have food on a rooftop bar. Everything is in the city, more than once, multiple times. So even if you have to walk a long distance, which is 1.5 kilometers maximum, because that's the length and the height of the city, that wouldn't even hurt you. It's just a nice walk outside, because it's sunny. In the worst case, it's rained, and you're taking a umbrella and walked anyways. Plus, the city has a bunch of cats, but not like stray cats, just normal cats. For example, a one that is right here, what I record this. You see the cat? They have their own place. They get free food. They are the cats of BGC, and they're all friendly. They're people walking around feeding them. I still refer to this place as like a giant hotel resort. It is like, you take a vacation, but the vacation doesn't end. And then for the last point, in this awesome video of a blonde guy sitting in Asia, it is so much easier to meet people. You can just point out anything. For example, somebody wears shoes you like. I like shoes. Everybody is friendly to talk to. Plus, you meet people from all over the world, that all speak English, which is a great advantage for you, because Tagalog is part English now. Most people don't speak Tagalog, they speak Tagalog. So half of the words, you understand, anyways. You don't necessarily have to learn the language in order to live here. They speak English, and they cannot understand that. And Tagalog is fairly easy to pick up, at least for some of the common words, because it's like 10 to 20% Spanish. And the other words, can be somehow guessed based on the context. And it's easy to make friends. Plus, people from all over the world are easy to talk to. I mean, our friend could write now, consists of like, let's select 10 to 15 people, mainly. And I think we are like, nine different countries. So yeah, we're here for several months, and I'll stay for at least five or four months because I rented an apartment for an entire year, and I like every single day so far. Like you wake up, you just take a walk outside, it's sunny, people smile. It feels like, if I would have known about this place five years ago, I would have moved here five years ago. So glad that I've made the experience went over here for just a two-week vacation, and then eventually moved here. And I can tell you, if you live in America, Europe, and you think about leaving or think about maybe, you know, considering living in a different country, try the Philippines. Not necessarily BGC or Macarty or like the cities. Try the islands, have like a one-week vacation, and see the different parts of the whole country. It's great. Also, most people, when they mention any country they say, they love their food. I'm gonna be honest here, I don't like it that much. I do like seasick, but most of the other food, I don't like it too much. And you won't see a video where I say foreigner, shocked, trying the loot for the first time. I won't do that. But we might try everything at Jolly B, and I can tell you my honest reaction. That being said, thank you guys so much for watching. Man, listen, you did everything good so you got to the food, bro. How you, not like the food, I can't not eat food. I didn't like the duck. Yeah, the duck with the little egg, or the egg with the little egg. Like the bird is still in there, and it barely made it out. Yeah, I don't blame about that one. That's something I don't know. No, I don't know. But we have tried Jolly B, and we do like Jolly B. Yeah, um, yeah, Philippines, I got y'all one. I don't think he's going back after this run is up. Yeah. Man, it's simple. Like people just want to live a simple lifestyle, happy lifestyle. They don't want to feel like they're being a barteration of people, they're like the environment to be nice and, you know, flesh and just clean. But I feel like countries like the Philippines, like it's smaller. I feel like they're used to like a slower pace of like, where things are simple, not as hectic, chaotic, you know. What is it? Regulated, you know, just simple. Yeah, and he mentioned it every day, is it like a Sunday? Yeah, that's nice day. What? Sunday is a mess. Relax, be honest. Man, Sunday meals every day? Right. Man, he can't beat it. Well, I feel like he gave a fair experience, you know? Yeah, yeah. Tell him that's his fair experience. I appreciate that. Big facts. Yeah. So we hope you guys enjoyed this video with us. Like this video, subscribe, turn on the post notification bell. We haven't able to ask for the thanks if you like, spread the channel that way. As well as our reaction requests, links in our description box below. We'll see you soon. Peace. Peace.