 Living in a South, you deal with that, but it also depends on the people. That's all we can't generalize everything. You know, it just depends on the people and how the morals and characters of the people. What's good, y'all? It's the Duma Shots React and we're back with another video who we got today see. Today we're back with another American reaction. Super excited about this video. If you need to see us, make sure you scroll down, hit that subscribe button, and turn on the post notification bell because we're on the road to 200k. And we cannot get there without you guys. All right, join the family without further ado. Let's get into the video. And that is the music and taxes. I discovered so much music that I love in taxis in the Philippines. People ask me where I get my ideas for my Filipino song covers that I do on YouTube. And it's actually in taxis. I hear Filipino songs come up and actually a lot of American songs. One of, for instance, the songs that I now love that I never heard in the US is the song For the First Time by Kenny Lagan's. I never heard it in the US even though he's an American artist. Also, honesty, if I hear him scare him, is one of my favorite songs. And I never heard that except in the Philippines. The first thing I've noticed since I've been here is when I go out to eat at restaurants, specifically Filipino restaurants, everyone orders family style. So what that means is we order like five or six dishes and then everyone just shares that. But in the US, it's not common to do that. So if you go to a restaurant in the US, you get the menu, you pick what you want. And then when the food comes, you just eat that. But like no one's really supposed to eat your food. Yeah. But even when you're out with friends, it doesn't even have to be family. But like, it's just so nice that you're sharing. It's just a different kind of vibe. That's crazy that we don't do that. But we actually do that. What is one dish? It's not even just like we go eat now. They give appetizers at the very beginning. Oh, just kind of pick off of that. You know what I'm saying? Everybody pick off that a little bit. Or if you got a wife and you got a big plate lunch and she no one was on her plate. She'll pick off a little bit. But other than that, I don't know what dish that we have. I did. Pizza. Yeah, pizza. Wings as well. No, kind of. You could take one. But we talk kind of our big dishes. Everybody grab a slice. You know, I'm saying salad. I was sharing salad. They have the big salad bowl. I see that, but yeah, I don't know why we do that. The combo. Because when we, when we order at home, the food is family style. That's the only time it's really family style. Yeah, yeah. I would like that. Rather than just being like kind of closed off. And I don't know. It's different. I totally agree. I think that the way you eat also relates to a lot of other things in the culture. So the number three thing is that the Philippines is a lot less sous-happy than the US. And I really like the vibe that that brings to everything. There's a lot more freedom, honestly, that I feel on a day-to-day basis in the Philippines because of that lack of worry about somebody is going to sue you. To give you an example, we just went outside and we're shooting a music video. And we just just hired some random dude, scooter, pay him 200 pesos. And like, you could never do that in the US. No one would ever be there. No, no. People would be so worried that you would get hurt and sue them. And so I think that there's like a sort of wild west feeling to the Philippines in like a less sous-happy environment. I love that. The fourth thing that I've noticed since being here is that people are much freckler to me compared to when I'm in the US. I have a little bit of a Filipino look, so maybe they gravitate towards that. But it's just so easy for me to talk to people here and meet new people and make friends. Like, everyone seems to be so friendly to me. I think generally, Filipinos are more friendly to foreigners than Americans are to foreigners. So, for instance, if you're a random dude from Zimbabwe or whatever, and you like go to a party in the US, like a barbecue, and you're like the dude from Zimbabwe who just visited, I don't think people would really go out of their way to talk to you. It's just like, oh yeah, that's the dude from Zimbabwe who's here. versus like here, I feel like people would go up to that guy and go, oh, you're where you from? You're from Zimbabwe? Like, oh, what's it like there? Why did you visit the Philippines? They'd be a lot more interested in you as a foreigner and why you're there as much more friendliness in that way. Yeah. Okay, number five is one. So, I will say that, like, live your way. Living in a South, you deal with that, but it also depends on the people. That's why we can't generalize everything. You know, it just depends on the people and how the morals and characters of the people. Yeah, the naked awards that you come from. You know what I'm saying? It tells a lot about your background. Right, because we want to know everything about everybody. Yeah, you get to know things just by hearing what people got to say. That Rachel has not yet discovered, but I told her about it. And I think she's going to be very happy now. And that is 50% off bake sales at closings at bakeries in the Philippines. In the US, there are no 50% bake sales at closings. I've never come across one at least in my entire life. But most of the bakeries in the Philippines, especially a lot of high-end bakeries with delicious baked goods, at closing, usually about an hour before, they have a 50% off sale where they put just about everything in the entire store at 50% off. And it's so cheap and delicious. So, I will go and just load up with like a giant bag of baked goods and eat that for the rest of the week. Yeah, see, I've been here for almost one year. And I've never heard of that in my entire life. Like, I love bread, I love desserts, I love cakes, like all that stuff. And I've never seen like a 50% baked sale. Yeah. That's really crazy to me, because they would never do anything like that in the States, unless all the food was like really old or just... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That takes fire. That's so bad. You don't see that. So, now that I know that, I definitely have to go and check that out. So, number six is surprising to me, but it's that some chain restaurants from America are much, much better in the Philippines. So, for example, I love chilies, the restaurant. And in America, we would go all the time, but it started to just go really downhill. The food wasn't good, the service wasn't good. But then I came here, and it was like the service was so amazing. People were so friendly, so attentive. And then you got your food quick, it was hot, it was... You tell everything was fresh, like it really surprised me because you would think that if it's a chain restaurant, it should just be exactly how it is in the US. But here, it's like a hundred times better. Yeah, so another one for me that's the same is actually Starbucks. So, in the US, I rarely go to Starbucks. And I definitely would never go to Starbucks to eat a meal. I would never think about having my lunch at Starbucks, right? But here in the Philippines, I eat at Starbucks almost every other day. The food in Starbucks is awesome. And it's all different. It's actually Filipino-related food at Starbucks. So, one of my favorite desserts in the world is the no-feet. And Starbucks has awesome benofi, which is also a Filipino dish. Starbucks in the Philippines is much better. And it's actually run by a Filipino company. It's not run by Starbucks America. So, that's why Starbucks in the Philippines, way better. Number seven, fairly obvious, if you've had them, and that is mangoes. Mangoes in the US are not even particularly good. And here, they're absolutely delicious. I could eat them. We get it, especially from our Caribbean supporters. Yeah. You know, they're always... They're so protective of the mangoes. They're like, oh wait, what was that video I ran across that show? It was like, y'all have mango, but we have mango. Everything is bigger too. Yeah. It's bigger too, as well. GMOs, that's why. Well. Mm-hmm. Every single day, every meal. And in the US, they're actually very hard to find. Okay, the eighth thing for me is movie theaters. If you've ever been to the States and gone to a movie theater, you'll probably know that it's really expensive. And you can't buy snacks because they're really expensive. Just for a box of popcorn is literally $10 for a drink. That's $5. So that's already almost a thousand pesos, like gone. Just for snacks. Like, people always have to sneak in snacks, whether it's in your purse or like in your jacket. Going in your pocket. And then they try to hit us with that, oh, you don't got to bring food up there. We're going to serve it to you in the theater. Why you eating? Right. Yeah, well our first experience was like, we want to have that experience. Let's go ahead and place the order. Yeah, you almost hit for like $70. Yes. Easy. My legs? Expense. Yeah, but here in the Philippines, a movie tickets are really cheap. And the food and the popcorn, everything is really cheap. And you don't even have to buy it at the movie theater. You can walk in with literally whatever you want. And they don't care. Here, I love the movie theaters. I go to way more movies when I'm in the Philippines. First, yeah. Did you ever notice that some movies come out here first as well? I did notice that. Like, there's a lot of movies come out here first. Yeah, I saw a Boke Me in my abs city. Okay. And all my friends in the States were like, what? Or do you saw it? Like, it came out, I think it was just one day earlier. Oh, okay. But I don't understand why I'm sure there's some reason. Well, we are a day ahead here. But it could be that. Me. But a lot of movies do come out even like a few days or yeah, earlier here. Number nine is the opportunity to help people in really small ways that still has a significant effect on them. And I'm not going to talk about this to brag at all. This is something that makes me happy. I find that there are a lot of ways to help people in the Philippines that make me feel really good and also really helps them. And it doesn't cost a lot. And it's not difficult and difficult to find. So in the US, for instance, if I was to go up to someone on the street who had like a difficult job, you know, was street cleaner or something like that and hand them $20. It really would make no difference than they'd almost be like, like, why are you giving me $20? Like, you know, it's nothing. Like, but here in the Philippines, because there are so many homeless people and so many people in difficult positions, I actually give out a lot of cash on the street. It just makes me feel good. So almost every single day, when I'm walking somewhere, I'll see a person that's working on it. A lot of times it's recycling and they're digging through the trash and they're finding the bottles to be able to recycle them and have money. And so I'll have a thousand pesos in my pocket, which is again, it's only like 20 bucks, but I'll just give them the thousand pesos and they're face lights up and you can tell that it's instantly made a difference in their life. And it makes me feel good. And it's just fun. To be able to like help somebody so easily. And I do the same with a lot of kids on the street. I don't give money to beggars on the street because I feel like there's a lot of corruption and things sometimes in that. But I will find kids on the street and I'll just take them to restaurants. So a lot of times I'll go have a meal at a nice restaurant myself and then I'll just walk out of the restaurant, look for some kids, and then just bring them to the restaurant and buy them the same meal. And it's really fun. Number 10 is the opportunity to make and create deep and meaningful friendships. So I've only been here for less than a year and I have already made an unbelievable amount of friends and they're all so close to me. And they know pretty much everything about me in such a short amount of time. Compared to my friends in Colorado, who I absolutely love and cherish. But I know those people in my whole life. And it feels like since I've moved here, I've already known these people in my whole life. And it's just that easy and that quick. But I feel like as you grow older, it's harder to make meaningful friendships, like true friendships. So I wonder if that's like a universal thing. Do you all feel the same way? Or do you feel like you can easily make friends whatever stage you are at? New life. That's a great question. That's a great question. I like to hear your got answers on no one in the conversation. Mm-hmm. I'm a surrier. I mean, I have just as many close friends, like lifelong friends, hearing the Philippines as I do in the US. And I only lived in the Philippines for about two and a half years and I lived in the US, you know, most of my life. People are a little bit more open to allowing you to be a good friend of theirs. And they're like looking for good friends. Versus in the US, it's like, you find like a new good friend every couple of years maybe. A lot of people hear really cherish companionship. And having new experiences and meeting new people, a lot of people in the US don't really, I want to say a lot of people, but some people just don't really think that way. They're okay with where they are and they're okay with who they're around. Yeah. So they don't feel the need to like, I guess, branch out, which sounds kind of bad. Yeah, I think it's true. Number 11 is cover bands here are in general way better. So everybody around the world knows that Filipinos are possibly the world's best singers or capital. I mean, they're just ridiculous amounts of great singers. And it is not uncommon at all to walk into a bar or club here and hear them belting out a journey song. And it's literally sounding just like journey. And that's something that's really difficult to pull off. Number 12, this is more a place to me, I think, but the drinking age and the nightlife and the night scene here in Manila. So in the US, you cannot drink or go out to clubs until you are 21. So for me, I'm 18. So being here in the Philippines where the drinking age is 18. It's 18. So I can go out, I can drink with friends. I can go to the clubs, which I don't do so often, but it's really fun and compared to the states. You can't really do that. And also, when you do go out to the clubs in the states, they all close around 2 AM, 1 AM. But here in Manila, it's kind of like the city that never sleeps of Asia. You party into people party until 5, 6 AM. Maybe that's not necessarily the best thing, but it is what makes the Philippines a little bit different and a little bit more fun than the US. So Rachel and I had an extra two bonus things that we wanted to add. And you're probably thinking why didn't this already make the list, but we just figured that it was so obvious. And that is number one, the beaches. The beaches here? Oh yeah, definitely. Just so amazing. Yeah, I mean, no comparison to America. Literally no comparison. What's your favorite beaches? Oh my goodness. I haven't been to too many places, but I did go to Shargau. And that is literally unreal. Like you won't find a place like that anywhere in the states. And I know you can't really compare it because we're on an island. And you know, that's why it's kind of obvious. But so beautiful. Everywhere I go is so beautiful. I do think that the Philippines has the best beaches in the world. And I've been to Thailand to Hawaii, to Australia, to all. Yeah, I bet if the Philippines came here, our Philippines supporters came here and saw like some of the beaches that we have, that they call beaches, they would be like, this is mud. I was like, oh, look at water. That water isn't, no, not because they water is very like clear. Yeah, they got really nice water. The beaches, they got waterfalls, they got the trees, the greenery. It's like, it's really in depth like that moment. It's like it's capturing moments. It's really nice. Yeah. We said otherwise we can't. Right, but I mean, we've seen enough. We see. But I feel like when I see people to some of our beaches, like not Florida, Florida has nice beaches. Pull up, Florida nice. But in Louisiana, we call beaches. I'm like, I don't understand how y'all let your children in that water. Oh, Lord. Does mine not get in there. Man, it before there too. I just don't know. You can't even see your feet because it's round. Get off the water. Okay. It's like the same color as the sand just above. Yes. We're talking, yeah. It's mud. It's the Gulf. It's what we got. It's what we got, okay. You know what I'm saying? I'll be able to replace those, you know, Mauritius everywhere that it's got nice beaches. The Caribbean, I've been all over. And to me, the Philippines has the best beaches in the world. Yeah, I used to always want to go beg my parents. Let's go to Hawaii. Like, why do you want to go to Hawaii? It's the same as the Philippines. Like, I just never understood, but after being here and like, really seeing the beaches, it is so amazing. I don't think anything else could compare. And the last one that we're going to throw out there, again, quite obvious. We didn't want to add this to the top 12, but it's just in general true. And that is a lot of things are way cheaper in the Philippines. There are certain things that are more expensive, but on sort of like a day-to-day basis. Big things that you need. Yeah, especially if you're vacationing. There's very little that when you're on vacation here, that wouldn't be cheaper hotel rooms. You know, the hotel room right now is like, it's been a great location. Tons of restaurants around. It's $18 for tonight, you know. $18. Yeah. And it's so clean and it's so nice. In the States, you pay $18 for a hotel room. And you need to like, sleep with a guy next to you. Yeah. Be sharing your bed in prison. Thanks for watching, guys. Please click the notification bell. All right, man. Some cool, interesting things right there. About a beach. Cheap things around there. Um, friendships are very, you know. Yeah, yeah. You can get a lot of friends. I like to have, you know, where, like, wherever I'm putting up here, I, if I can make a phone call in that location, then we'll have a straight. Right. I like that. I like to at least have that relationship at some point. Maybe it's comfortable. Yeah, feel welcome, you know. So this was a cool video. We hope you guys enjoyed it with us. Like this video, subscribe, turn on the post notification bell. We have enabled our super thanks. If you like support the channel that way, as well as our reaction requests for them, is in our description box below. We'll see you soon. Peace.