 Welcome back to Max Reaction. How are you doing today? Hopefully you're doing good. Good, good, good. I am. Hopefully you are too. Anyway, we're going to react to a subscriber requested video. I love reacting to subscriber requested videos. So if you're part of the Max Reaction family and you want to see me react to something, comment down below and let me know what it is and we'll try to get to it. But anyway, this is the Philippine National Anthem with some historical footage on video. I've never heard the National Anthem for the Philippines. This will be the first time. I'm surprised that I haven't. I've been to Philippines numerous times. I'm married to the Philippines. From the Philippines, but I've never heard it. So we're going to check it out right now. We're going to enjoy. Here is a little deaph Sabbath. Here is the New Philippines. This is truth. So there you go. Papu, papu. The 15th of June? Maybe, I don't know. Ooh. Sigarnig, God, Glowen. Cappajanahan, Nis,ılmış Aig Whoa. Oh my goodness. Look at all these battles. You tell there's a lot of pride while they're singing this, which there should be. They've been through so many battles, you know? And their whole land. Yes. Stand up for your country, stand up for the patriotism that you've built over the years. That was touching hearts and enriching lives, like it says on the screen. I don't know the exact words of the National Anthem, so let me know down below if you know all I'm sure you do. But that was absolutely amazing. I loved it. I loved seeing the battles and the years of the battles. The Philippines is a battle-tested people. The Filipino people are. They really are. If you gave them the top of the line, stay the heart. Military equipment, they'd be unbeatable for sure. For sure. Because they got their battle-tested, battle-hearted, and they love their country. I love the country. I love the Philippines. But let me know what the lyrics are to the National Anthem down below because there was no subtitles. It's an older video, and I'll read it. I'll enjoy it. But anyway, if you have any more recommendations, comment down below. Let me know. Don't forget to hit that subscribe button. Don't forget to hit the share button. And I'll see you next time. Don't be late. Peace.