 Oh, that smell! How were you able to buy land in Shurgao? I like it! This one smells so sweet! We saw a pretty video, morning here. Yeah. We're done! Uhhh! I didn't like the feeling of people. And I'm sure I had happy that you were here watching. And I'm sure I had a lot of fun. And I'm sure I had happy that you were here watching. And what helps a lot is getting really worse. And what helps a lot is if you click that like button. If you click that subscribe and little bell next to it. Alright, welcome to another vlog! Usually we welcome you to Paradise. If you saw our last video, you know it's not really Paradise for us anymore. I'm sure. Right now. Yeah, right now. We will reach that stage again. But we miss Freya so much. And thank you for all the comments. But yeah, how much we cry. We're not going to get her back. So today is another vlog. And we're going to have a Q&A. And we're going to try out Filipinos snacks. We got so much snacks. Some of this we tried before. Some I think are my favorite at least. This is a guy we get to know eventually. And some are random stuff we find in the local store. And the most of these snacks we have never tried before. So it's going to be our first time. Let's get into what do you want to start with? I want to start with maybe this one. Have you even read it? It's a cheap bar. Durian. It's a durian flavored one. To be honest though, I have never tried durian fruit or anything with durian. So I can't really say anything. I'm just sure that some people love it. And some people really hate it. Oh, that smell. Okay, we... It smells like durian, alright? Yeah, I can feel the smell as well. But we're going to start with one question. Now you pick the snacks. I picked the question. You missed the cold weather in Europe. I think we have a short answer and the answer is no. No, we definitely did not miss the cold weather in Europe. And I wouldn't say that's what brought us to Philippines specifically. But that's part of why we left Sweden. We were looking for a better country to stay in. It's an amazing country. But it is cold. And more than cold, it's dark and gloomy. And half of the year is spent waiting for the sun to come back up. In the Philippines, it's nice and hard. And wow, that durian went down well. It's a bit dry. It smells a lot more than it tastes actually. It's like you can definitely eat it. But you are trying durian fruit. I'm trying durian. I'm trying durian ice cream. I tried a few durian durians. I never really got into it. But this one, it's not terrible. I mean, it's not my favorite one. We are not going to buy it again, to be honest. But it was not terrible. By the way, we have so much stuff in front of us. Is this dinner? It's probably going to be dinner. Because we are going to be so full after this. I don't know if you saw how many things we have. We have so many things. I'm not a big fan of how much plastic this is. I would love to find more natural, fit-a-peen-no snacks, like home-based stuff. Oh, we do have that. We have a Pandecoco somewhere. Okay, next question. Why Philippines? I'm going to try to make it as short as possible. So we were out traveling. We left to eat. We are going to eat. So we were out traveling. We left Sweden. We sold the apartment. We got rid of a bunch of stuff. And we went down to Australia to attend a wedding. A friend's wedding. And we knew that we could... What do you say? Stay in Australia for two years. But then we got to leave the country. Yeah, because visa for us in Australia is pretty easy. You have a working holiday visa. So you can go there one year. So that's what we did two years in Australia. And March 2020, we... Our visa expired. So it was time for our next adventure. And we decided that we wanted to travel a lot more. So we wanted to start either in Bali or the Philippines. And then go on to India, Sri Lanka, Jordan, and whatever the adventure would take us. Traveling our way to Sweden. Can't end up. Yeah. So yeah, Philippines was our first destination. And everyone knows what happened in March 2020. March 2020. Lockdown. One week in the Philippines and it was locked down. What did you choose? So this is multi-grain snacks. I had this before. It's not bad. This one says classic crunch with lightly salted flavor. And upon this, this is... If I got this right, this is how you open stuff in the Philippines. It's a forest sharing. So instead of opening it where it says here here, it's open up a big hole in the middle. And actually place it down in the middle. We never do this back home. But I think it's really clever. Oh gosh. Yeah. I like it. Yeah, so we kind of got stuck in the Philippines. Spent about a year in the mobile. Doing a bit of free diving and stuff. Helping out rescue dogs. Then eventually went for vacation here to Shagawa. Plain tickets got cancelled. We kind of stayed around then. Yeah. We met a lot of new friends and we just loved Shagawa. And we decided, why not? This is probably... We're going to make this place our home. I think there's another question about why... Shagawa, right? Why Shagawa? I would say number one, the community here. I think we met so many great people, foreigners and local Filipinos. Everyone's got like this very close relationship to nature. It's a bit spiritual. You got to surf right here. And we're not surfers. But just a community that's based around surfing. It seems to be very relaxed. And it's island time. And yeah, there's good people on this island. I think that's at least for me one of the big reasons why I want to stay here. Yeah. It's your time to pick a snack. I want to try. I really like that one. I mean, we got to finish it. No, we don't have to. What? Okay, okay, okay, okay. I want... We had some tang for later. Like, if we were on our coke, we have like these. I'm not sure how it is. It's like tang with pomelo flavor and with calamansi pepper. I think that was pretty Filipino, isn't it? The calamansi is actually one of our favorite. Like, if we go to a cafe or something or go to the beach, I usually take a calamansi juice. They're really tasty. We don't have... And we don't have calamansi in Sweden. Like, before I came to the Philippines, I didn't even know that calamansi existed. So, we have like lemon and... lime. We don't want to like, shame, whatever. It's all imported though. Yeah, of course. You can't grow anything in Sweden. Yeah, probably carrots and stuff. Okay, I... I want some chocolate. I'm getting full, but... Here's a bad sign. Okay, question. Coco, chocolate mochot. Milk chocolate caramel. Wafer roll with peanut butter and cereal crispies. Alright, so here's a question about... When are you going to build your love nest in Shagawa? A good and strong house. Love nest, for sure. Coming up in a couple of months. Good and strong house? A big further out. I think that the first house that we're going to build now, and move into... hopefully by the end of August. Because that's when we have to move out from this house. Yeah. That we had just ran things, sorry. Thank you. So that's more going to be a cobble star. It's going to be a lot of nature material. It may actually not stand another typhoon. But we're kind of betting on another typhoon not happening very soon. So yeah, no, it's not going to be strong, but we're going to build in a couple. No, we're going to start... It's going to be done in a... in a maximum four months. So we have to start to build soon. And probably we will just make like... like a house update... um... logs. If you want that, if that's something you want to see, like updates from our property and whatever we're building there, and the house and how it's progressing, let us know in the comments. Then we can do like episodes with only like the house updates. Next question. I am tempted about going these ones. I know they're really nice, but I feel like you're in the beer ridden. Like to counter the sourness. Um... I've got this one. I think that's a bit weird. Like how we can have cheese that's not in the fridge. And we got the crackers. That may be a good combo. Alright, let's do that. What are the living standards out there? And I guess they, uh, mean sure go, yeah? Or Philippines? Like I think this from a foreigner's perspective, what do we think about the living standards in the Philippines in general? I mean it's hard right? Cause there's such divide. Normally you don't see this divide back home where you would have like big tall concrete houses, and then right next to it, there's a small wooden hut. Yeah, so back home, you're very catered to. Everything is kind of taken care of by the state. There's a great social security net. Um... But here you have to do a lot of things for yourselves. As I said, we have to dig our own wealth, water. We, um, there's no electricity on the property. There's like a lot of things that we need to do. And if we would have done this in Sweden, I guess we would have been much easier. Um... But I mean the living standards are good. Like we have everything that we need here on the island. And that's the reason why we're staying. Cracker. Okay, I got some bonus snacks for us. This is um... We should eat more. It's hot. It's pandicoco. So, one of my... Pandicoco we have actually eaten this before. They say, um... Like, oh, it's better in Manila. But I don't know like this. This is my favorite one. You're on the island. It's like a bun with um... The coconut filling. These are really good. And how they make them is like on the street. With like an open oven. And then they burn coconut husks. Like on top. So I guess the smoke kind of helps. Even more of the coconut filling. Anyway, next question. How were you able to buy land in Shurgau? Well, so this is a quite common question that we get. Um... And as foreigners, we cannot outright buy land, right? But there's a couple of options where we can at least be pod of or buy land. So there's either the... The leasing option. So instead of acquiring a piece of land outright, you can have a leased term that's very long. Um... You can still develop the land but you don't own it outright. Or you can be pod of a corporation along with Filipino citizens and then do a project together with them and developing a piece of land. So there are options even though you're a foreigner in the Philippines. Okay, next question. It's my turn. Okay, now. How do you like the Filipino people? Like since we came to the Philippines, we always said that they're always so happy. Like the Filipino people always happy. Even after it's like food, and I'm coming back to it like food. But even after it's like food, there was a lot of foreigners like crying and you know, like sad of everything that happened and of things they lost and so on. But on the way home, we just saw all this Filipino people lost their homes, like lost everything and they were still so happy. You know, like washing their clothes, trying to build up their homes again. And this was just like a few hours after the typhoon. The kids were out playing on the streets having the best time, no traffic. Apart from that, we found everyone super helpful in this country. People really want you to have a good time. And we did get that in the comments, love them. Thank you so much for the support that run. It feels so much more supportive here in the Philippines than if we do a similar thing back in Sweden. So people are super happy, super supportive, and super helpful. That's where we think of the Filipino people. We love them. Love them. Love you. Okay, so it's YouTube vlogging, weather travel or lifestyle, your only, which you're only doing for living. Or do you have other means of earning a living? Your honest response is much appreciated. So if you have been following us from the beginning, we have only done YouTube for like three, four months now. We just got our first paycheck. So that's really good. But we can't, it's not enough money to live. It's not enough money. It's not a nice little extra. It's not a little extra. And we are super grateful for it. So no, YouTube is not the only thing that we do. We work a little bit online as well. For Swedish company and an Australian company. We're doing marketing. I would definitely see this becoming full time one day. I love what we do with vlogging. I would love to be able to travel more. Now we wouldn't say stark, but it's not enough for us to go out travel around and show different parts of the Philippines, which I would love to be able to do. That seems like a dream scenario having a base here on Chagau, which I still want to keep as a base. And then just do weekend trips out to different parts of the Philippines. Yeah, we would love to travel more in the Philippines. We have been here for two years now. And we have only seen like Sibu, Mualvoi in Sibu, Chagau. And now recently Palawan and Manila. Of course, that's a lot compared to a lot of other people. There's like five out of seven thousand islands. But we would love to do even more traveling and show you guys a lot of other parts of the Philippines. We love doing it. It's happy and we're happy to share. And I'm so happy that you're here watching. And what helps a lot. Sun is getting really harsh. And what helps a lot is if you click that like button, if you click that subscribe and little bell next to it, it helps us so much with YouTube algorithm. And it helps us doing this more regularly. So thanks a lot. Alright, next snack. Yeah, what do you think of the tang? I like it. It's very sweet, isn't it? It's very sweet, but I like the taste of it. This was a Kalamanse tang. Yeah, I'm not sure if I did it right. I might have had it. Have we had it before? I think I might have had too much powder in it for this mug. Yeah, it was good. Okay, now I'm going to use the snack. Oh, I'm going to crack it up. This looks a bit weird. So I'm going to try these once. I'm not even sure if that's US. No, I'm not sure if that's Filipino. It says US everywhere. In my mouth, so that's the camera. Coated green peas. Okay, let's see what we can. What is it coated with? Beef. Beef spicy flavored. We don't even eat meat. We don't eat meat, but I'm checking the ingredients list. And there's no beef in it. There's like a mold, a fire, and... Beef flavor. Yeah, so it's like a beef kind of substance. Thank you. Do you usually eat these once? They were actually all right. I mean, since we don't eat meat, I would prefer another flavor. But like, if you don't want like a too sweet snack... I'm usually the spicy guy. I mean, it does not have no spice very well at all. But this is not spicy. It's not spicy. Yeah, true. It's not, but yeah, it is spicy. I don't think I would buy it. But yeah, I don't think I would buy it. Yeah, I don't think I would buy it. I don't think I would buy it. Yeah, not my favorite. Okay, question. All right, here's a good one. Are you much happier there, meaning hearing the Philippines and the Chagau, or are you just the same as you were back home? I would say I'm happy here. But too, I don't know how to start this. Since I was like 19, I have been traveling... I don't know if you can say a lot, but I was traveling a bit. And since then, I was pretty sure that I wanted to leave somewhere else in the world and not in Sweden. So that was like always a little dream of mine. Because every time I wear in Sweden, it could be there for like a couple of years. And then I started to feel really restless. I wanted to go out in the world and do something. And it was like that all ever since we left Sweden pretty much. It could be there like a couple of years and then I got to rest less. And I went up for travel, came back with a couple of years, head out again, you know? So I would say I'm much happier here. And I guess like a big factor is the sun. The weather. Like in Sweden, to be honest, you... You don't see the sun for like six months. The sun is there, you have the daylight, but it's covered with the clouds. It's a constantly gray rainy. And I don't know. I'm not happy. And I should add, and I know I said this on the vlog before. By the way, this is your favourite. I know I've said this. I actually have another favourite. Here? This is sour cream and onion potato chips. We just found them actually, this brand, you're really good. Both of us have traveled extensively before. I'm used to living in the US, used to living in Dubai. I've done my trips around Southeast Asia and Spain and so on. And every time I'm out on a trip, I want to stay. I've dreaded the moment of getting back on the flight and going back to Sweden. And now when we're in Palau, going back was easy. It was really the first time in my life that I didn't mind going back from a trip, which felt great. And I guess we just find home. We found home and we are super happy here and that's really staying. So next question. Okay, we can take a few quick ones. Do you smoke? Look, our parents are watching this. It's such an unfair question. No, no, we don't smoke. But we are far over 18, so we can do whatever we want. But no, we don't smoke, we, and we won't start. I think it's super disgusting. How old are you? Answer if you like. I'm 33. She's 25. I would love to say that I'm 25, but that means I'm lying. I'm 31. Okay. I'm really wondering how you guys met. This is actually a really, really good story. So you know, every time in winter in Sweden, it's snow. It's snow heavily. During these blisters, you really do not want to leave your house. You've got the polar bears, you've got the mousse, everything. It's threatening. Sometimes you've got to leave your house and we both had dogs at the time. So we met in a blistered, walking our dogs, trying to take cover from the... I'm just kidding. No, we met online. He's lying so much. We don't have polar bears. Johannes never had a dog before. And that's not how we met. We met online and that's super boring story. Usually when people ask you, yes, make something up. By the way, how accurate is this snack? Is this like what Filipinos eat for snack time? I think so. At least we got some of it, right? I think this is a good standard. Usually that will sound Filipino friends. But let us know. What did we miss? What's your favorite Filipino snack that we should try out? And we know you can't wait for the next question. So here it is. So do you see things like internet, infrastructure, etc. improving in the Philippines? I'm actually so excited about Starlink. Elon Musk knew Enterprise. I was like beaming internet from space and we're doing it in the Philippines as one of the first countries. So I think that's going to be great. In terms of infrastructure, again, we live out on the islands. Of course, infrastructure is not great and full of development. They've been working on this concrete road outside of our house now for the past since October. Since Halloween. Yeah, they got a good 150 meters so far. But it's still haven't made the portion outside of our house yet. It's a really slow process. But to be fair, this is an island. And everything is pretty much island life. Everything takes so much longer than we would expect, right? But now we have been living here for a while. We know that island life is something that a lot of people... What do you say? A lot of people. Referee to end. I think in the beginning it was frustrating. I want this done. I want it done now. And now you realize that the things take its course. We start pushing things along and then we get in the queue and they call the guy again. Eventually things start rolling along and it happens. You have to be a bit pushy if you want things to move forward. And patience. Yeah, and a lot of patience. I think we should move on to something more natural, snack wise. Something natural. You want to go banana? Sure. It's actually a very nice snack. I like banana. Banana ships as they call. And we have two questions left. And they're kind of similar so I'm going to read them both and then we can just talk about it. How is Sweden compared to the Philippines? And what are some of the potentials and advantages living in the Philippines? It's kind of, you know, you're like you can compare it a lot. So, why are we here in the Philippines? A lot because of the weather, right? Like we love the weather in the Philippines. We don't like the weather in Sweden. As I said, it's super cold. It's rainy. It's cloudy. Not much sun. Here we have the sun. Pretty much every day. Except that we move to the rainiest place in the Philippines I think. It's raining so much here in Shagawa, but it's still hot. So... Let me also say, sorry, I wasn't paying attention. This snack is weird. I thought it was regular banana chips, but no, no, it's not enough. We're in the Philippines, so it's sour cream and onion banana chips. Why? I love it. Why? It's like the Philippines. Okay, do you know what it smells? I don't know if you can refer to it, but I think it smells like when I was a kid, I was playing with some kind of dough. You know, like Play-Doh. Play-Doh thing. And this one smells as play-Doh. You can eat Play-Doh, remember? No, you can't. No, you could. No, you can't. All right, don't do that. Don't eat Play-Doh. Try, try looking at it. No. No. Why? I have tried banana before. Not with sour cream and onion. And this was not good. I'm actually gonna put it back. I'm gonna put it back. That was the honest snack. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, what was the question? Philippines versus Sweden. Sweden, yeah. I mean, it's different, right? Like the culture is obviously different. The language, I'm struggling with the language. I haven't even begun to learn. We want to learn with science. I guess we can... We can, like, forward in Tagalog or Besayan or whatever you call it. As the Gannon and Jogannon. Yeah, we don't know the difference. We're getting there. But we definitely need some lessons. Apparently, Fido won a year-round in our session here. It's time for Fido to try some snacks. Filipino snacks, Fido. But you have to remember, Fido is Filipino. So you will probably like everything. Chips? Yeah. I think you would like a banana chip? Just a small one. A small piece. He eats everything though. Dried banana. Which side of Fido? I'm warning you. Yeah. You like it? This guy eats carrots. So it kind of says something about his standard, right? Do you want some of this, Fido? That's my favorite. You want to give it away? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so Fido eats everything. A true Filipino dog. Okay, I think this is pretty much it. That's it. Again, let us know what snacks we missed, what food we should be trying here in the Philippines. We have a mango float in the freezer, but I'm so full right now. So, yeah, maybe for later. Thank you for all the questions. It's super fun to answer your questions. So if you have any questions, just ask them in the comments field. Maybe we can do another Q&A in the future. So that's it for this time. Everyone's watching and see you next time. Ciao!