 Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? Alright, man, Filipino guys are the best! Hello everyone, Kumasaka yo! I hope that you are doing okay. In this video, I will make some reaction video with my friend. So I will show a 5-posa about a Filipino actor that I find all of their attractive. So really a fairytale idea. Let's see her reaction. Can I hold? Oh my god! He is really masculine. For sure, I love his bro. It's really arching. And for me, he is a little bit old, right? He is not that young. Actually, he is a 25 years old. 25 years old? Yes. Oh my god, but he looks so mature. But then as a normal woman, I like him. But he is a truly man, right? 100% alright! From the scale of 0 to 10, I would say because I love this type of guy, I would put like 8.5 out of 10. That would be a high-end. Alright. I don't know, I think I am really into Filipino guys. If all the guys like this, I really love them. Alright, so basically, his really masculine, really my type. I like his pointy nose. And also the tan skin. I don't know because what I think is that when it turns out to be Filipino guy, they are kind of white skin. He is really tan and really my type, for sure. I love his hair as well. Can you guess who he is? Age. I think. 28. 28. 28. Actually, his 38. Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? Alright. Man, Filipino guys are the best. So can you hurt him from 1 to 10? 0 to 10. 9.0. So... Because his 38, what did he expect? His heart. Oh, he is a cute, for sure. Well, basically, if we were talking about my personal days, it would be more masculine and abs kind of guy. But this guy is a cute guy. I think he is like a good old-fashioned lover boy. And his hair as well is really cute, it's like a high schooler. I do believe that he is a celebrity. Yes, he is an actor in Filipino. And just personally, we're playing for some drama in there. Oh, yeah, yeah, because his face is really fitting into the industry of drama and film. And overall, I think, just because my personal days, I'm sorry I'm gonna put like 7.5. I know he's not valid, but he's not my type. Oh my god. Oh my god. Can I have his photo shirtless or something? You can search on Google. I think there's so many. Oh really? He is one word for him, hot. His definition is so hot. Well, let's assess from his hair. For example, I really like his hair, because I think it's really edgy to put color and men's hair. I think it's really, you know, it's really daring, dare to be different. And well, let's see the eyebrow. I think it's really natural. It's really natural. So it's really masculine. And the jaw shape, it's really firm. As if his really has a principle. I don't know what I'm talking about, but then he has a base on his look. 9.5. Can you guess his age from that? Under 30? He's a 30 years old. 30 years old. Oh, okay. Oh, oh, nice, oh nice, because it fits. I think I know this guy. He's quite famous right in the Philippines because of his rich family and the super loves to relax now. Yes, you're right. Because he was born in Beverly Hills, California. Yeah, because I think he is a brother of... I don't know if I'm wrong, but he is a brother of celebrity there. The one that being a host in America next top, I'm working on the next top. Give me a second to remember. Okay. Is it a rich family? Yes, a rich family. Yes, a rich family. Yes, a rich family. Yes, a rich family. I think they aren't really well-maintained family with very, very luxury lifestyle. All right, so basically his handsome guy is rich. And I hope that he has a good manner. Please. Okay, look at this. His age. Oh, I know. 35. Yes, you're right. Because I know him. That's cool. So from a lot of those followers I already showed you, who is your favorite? My favorite is the one that has a grey hair. Who is he? I need a name. His name is Shia Nli. Shia Nli, I love you from Indonesia. Because I bet that he becomes a host in Asian Got Talent. Because he has talent as well, right? Yes, of course he is. Shia Nli, your handsome, full of talent. You are the best. So that's all I can show you about her action to five-footer Filipino actor that I already showed her. So if you have an institution to make another content about Filipino or anything else, please let me know in the comments below. And also don't forget to like, share and subscribe my YouTube channel. And if you're interested in her, go check her Instagram account as well. Because I don't know. And I can't for you too. But I will make it as soon. Okay, see you in the next video. Bye!