 Vitya Friday. Differacious. Right, so this is a really interesting video. It's been requested lately a lot. Is the voice kids a lot of it, I think, because it is like Filipino kids or kids from the Philippines nailing English songs? We know a lot of them both personally and like we've checked out their stuff. So I thought it would be quite fun to check out them early. The source for a bunch of new names and bunch of little fellows and girls. So let's give this a review. It's quite a lengthy one. So sit back, find some popcorn and be blown away. Darren. Oh, yes sir. A Spantico. You know a Spanto means to be scared. Oh yeah, in Spanish. He was always very impressive though. And he maintained that sort of aspect of pop. Ganda. You Ganda. Yeah, of course pop. Miss Pop. Pop, who in? He's also tough because he's in the original key. He's so fucking famous now, man. He is so good though. He's such a great choice as well of some. He was funny. He actually hasn't changed that much. He just got longer. He does sound different though. He's a man now. I love how his voice has matured throughout the years though. Oh, who? Pop, pop. Hello. Who's this? You You You You You You You You Wow, and they also try to seven and then share like a song after say bamboo and real life did you know what you see in the show like imagine that but like he's even more intense like he is alternative rock you know he is leaving him working right he is so cool like he is rock like if I've ever met someone that's that's rock that's him Hi, I'm just like I'm just family Oh first time Oh, okay, oh, it's called hello Halo, Halo, oh It'd be else in dude I thought it was hello, hello Yeah, I mean that was a very strong intro though Yeah, she's good Good side I don't even say good looking woman did oh bro I saw a live clip of her performing like a few days ago I also love that she has personality that's not you know Angel but he's saying she sounds like a manger Oh So if you impress mm-hmm less along like that like that Obviously, you know we can't presume that everyone watching knows every single face But less along is but actually ballet's role model to say next then theater queen and perhaps one of the most textbook Sort after and sound Perfect to time like technical perfection. So she is fucking unreal. She's not too angel angel. That was good Hi little man little boss Yes, he's wearing a suit at all Oh, I love the song dude this is my voice bro like yeah, it's a philippines Nathan go oh Yeah, he was so angry Got like he's bent 10-way Oh, it's adorable too You started Amazing He's giving him... Woo! Ah! Oh my god! Oh! And he's giving you a motion, you know? He's memorized his runs and... It's my choice as well He would grow up into one of the coolest voices though Wow what a natural... What a natural singer Yeah, one Simultus Oh look at his style He's like a... What a natural singer Yeah, definitely Oh and he knows the boss He gave last round the side hug Sorry, overwhelmed Excuse me now Oh, new face as well Jim Boy Shut up, just give away the... Like a nod to his name, maybe that's just how he's actual name But it looks like a nod I don't have a moment because for all this journey songs and like Steve Perry songs Faithfully Bro, this kids are crazy bro Yeah, these kids are crazy bro Yes I love this song Yeah, very cute, very good You're sick as a life I know that we're the world We only need to know Rally, I love Rally I'm real dude Did you turn around? He's good In the evening the party is still There's a lot of fans Oh wow, and he's finding... I prefer solution He's the one Yeah That's a girl He's the one He's the one I prefer you I prefer you Yeah, I prefer you Oh, yes buddy, come on One interesting little fella Such a natural though Yeah Actually reminds me of a young bamboo Oh bro, I got goosebumps to see green I love this kid Jibai Jibai Yeah, it's interesting because he's also finding his own style Oh, it's a sex It was a lot of fun to be able to see the scene So he did come out of like this is kind of like his beginning story Where quite friendly with Zach, he's one of my favorite singers The Philippines And the funny thing about him is like obviously I don't know if he likes to do that much because we bother the fuck out of him Because I always have questions about his lyrics And I make Balik asking him stuff He's such a yeah, that's he's like a top class lad And he's evolution from here So if you don't know who he is or you haven't heard any of his recent stuff like fuck dude Please do it Again, I... You're from Asia, I presume you know who he is If you're watching from other parts of the world Listen, the guy is fucking unreal He's so good This is his first moment though Straight away, you know what I mean I can't remember who he chose Dump him I think But you give me a moment Right there, you're hearing this Nice, special bro You're hearing the makings of one of the coolest vocal textures Later on in his development And they're so palpable here He's like what, 13, 14 maybe That kid was a freak I like him a lot He's also taking one of the toughest roots to play guitar himself Yeah, 10 out of 10 Oh, sir I'm telling you That's him, that's that That's a new, my booze like that bro He's thinking of a winner He claimed him And I'm just not even Sunday Not a name He claimed him And I'm not going to mark this territory He's like this is mine, don't come near it Yeah Showbiz Oh, damn the guitar's bigger than this one Come on, you're full Yeah But he's playing the guitar too And I can't sweep your foot You're feet And darling, I We've been talking You're sitting It's so adorable Oh, so many emotions Oh, personality Allow me to look at this Yes Oh Come on Killing it dude What's interesting as well about this process That little fella have to go through so many other pre-auditions That's right Yeah, that's what it ignites And he's playing the guitar dude Damn Oh, this song just took a while That's great, yeah, what the fuck This song too Actually, I don't recognize the host, who the fuck is out I don't know either Why is it not Biblical or foot? I'm on a joke That is sang the toy I freaking love I just don't like it If you haven't heard of a song, this beautiful little girl She is now also a beautiful little girl but she's just a bit bigger She's a little bit taller I think she's like 15, 16, 14 Something like that She's still making music which is awesome That's what you want You know, Les Alongas did really take her under the... Her wing But with the previous singer She is... Yeah, the song I'm not the biggest fan of It's so funny how that song became so popular in Asia as well And different parts as well Jessie J is Jessie J No, that's what do you mean? That is Miley Cyrus Actually, Miley Cyrus is actually weirdly popular as well in Asia Like the whole party in the USA That became such a hit in Asia as well Well, the Jessie J's composition So yeah, well... That's why I get confused, I don't know Neither do I give a fuck to be fair With her, it's really funny because she's so coachable That girl But she's also kind of in that stage of like 12, 13, 14 years old I strikes me like a little older, like 14, 15 Around that era Also, vocalist speaking, I hear a lot more maturity Like you're settling into something new Again, she's portraying more, she's selling off that idea of personality first Which is probably why they show... they decided to go with this song That's what I mean, coachable I mean, vocally coachable, really, really coachable Yeah, of course, Laird would fucking... I love how the flow of meaning When that makes the tone to be spent into leaning Get something, just don't flex the floor I have meaning, just put it in the seat Oh my god Is the Czech Lever song choice as well? Like, it's so... Again, Bo C-Brown, when you have someone I land, they grow up But oh my god, Czech Lever delivery It's me, Laird Laird is ready to throw a house They were fine So, I always would be my own party And I'd be in the middle That people would look inside our eyes And don't talk about love Oh my god Yeah, she's an interesting one, S-ing It's just a little summer tour To the little person she was I think Because she was also so young, you could nurture her into so many different styles Oh yeah, but the fact that she chose showed inclination to music and music and theater so early Like, that was her goal too I'm glad she's gone there I don't know if that would be the most popular style but... Oh that's hard Oh that's hard Ooh, yes! Wow, that would have hadn't he turned Yeah, wow, what the fuck Dude, this kids... They feel nothing Like, there's no nerves Nice fuck them Fucking control and delivery, that's what it is Oh, wonderful So good Such hard choices, dude We'll turn around, set it Set it, yeah Come on, that's brilliant I got this Wow It's rare to find Boys who like acrobatic Yeah, and with that free flowing falsetto tape, yeah, it's so hard Yeah Yeah So clean Look at all of your shows To get up in a show Oh, cameraman came in running Damn Damn Oh, okay But I mean, at that point, you know you fucking did your job Jetties, Jetties, parents First time, maybe I got... oh, power of love Oh That's good But the damn It's all your moments By your side But you hear your nerves Your nerves, yeah, yeah Keep it together, girl Oh, very nice, good resolution Oh, would you keep it She's settling in Lost So easy for her, what the hell Yeah Yeah Oh, I know That's how you battle through nerves, though, you could see it so That's a picture on her She can barely make this green She's about to be in the dig, which is really nice Yeah, it's a privacy, she's definitely congruent Yeah, ten year old Darleen Ten years, okay She's so small Oh, wait Yeah, I'll go to say she's coached Well, at this point, they all are Oh, right, that was good Oh, yes Oh That's so exciting That's something a fucking rocket I'm staying, I'm staying And you won't have to You're Damn, dude Oh, brother She broke that Yeah, that's so That is so Yeah, that's so Yeah, that is so Yeah, that is so Yeah, bro You can't like if you've ever seen anyone be coached That's it, actually, bro I just gave you like freaking bubbles in your belly, how exciting it is to watch, you know I hope that sounds I think it's the neighbors Oh Oh Trinum Odition or No, no, no, no, this is the average I Was But now I I Love the flexibility of a kids larynx Even if anyone knows what a tie that is and why do let us know I'm really intrigued Listen, I always have a little Rumble about vocal larynxism flexibility when it comes to like this performances because I think a lot of his ability lies on the fact that they are so young And so malleable Like the muscle yeah, they're their muscle memory. It's so it's so fresh so they can Literally be so adaptable to whatever genre or whatever direction they're swerved into Obviously you need innate talent and some what of like a natural exposure to certain things But this kids are literally So fresh and they're so untouched so their larynxism their natural capabilities can be amplified in manners in ways that create this type of performances They are just Magical And at this point in the show they've already had some sort of Oh, definitely not not coaching enough to change their style but definitely coaching in terms of directions for the take of a song And I think most of this coaching comes to Pinpointing where to align the performance rather than rather than less readjust your way of singing which is what happens in other versions of the show around the world They kind of like coach you in vocal direction But in this in this version because they're so naturally exposed to singing And they're actually coached to perform which is so fascinating to me Could take fuck He's also so emotional is so emotional impact Like Show is feminine Oh That up to jump was so easy for him Yeah, thank you Hey, Stephanie Baby What she looks like a real-life princess right now Why can't you leave me She watches his back It's good though it's very good That's full fold that was not for center That was not for center I got one more Let's run It's so accurate the song is so hard And then she goes and snashes it at the idol Yeah Yeah, she She actually doesn't win this competition, but she wins Philippine side When she said it will be harder That is so good She's so smoke Welcome She was made for this stage They was Saturday Starsteem was on the Yeah, I said I coached her here and then also in I don't really think I recognize her Very nice Good choice the song Nice she was so good Oh yes I love freaking You know someone said that too I want to mix they said thank you Paul Thank you Paul Yeah, like a couple of the girls they said that and I was like You can say that shit to me It is just because I think maybe because I was older Maybe they thought I was older No, I think it's just a thing of respect Because you're not like you respect me Because you're not it's polite You're not in like friend terms yet So say it's like we'll stand in Spanish Exactly Damn my girl was standing in the What the fuck That I felt like the president dude I felt like yeah Yes, you may leave now I felt like that Yeah, like a couple of girls they were like Oh nice, which I can you know can we take a picture I'm like yeah of course and then they were like thank you Paul And I'm like You're welcome Yeah What the fuck is that noise Is someone Post-it-op That's what he sounds like This is how she wins Look at her stratting in the freaking stage Yeah, bamboo look good Yeah, I would recommend the Elanim for 10 times out of 10 We can't watch this because this got a split up last time She's the last one Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah She was she was perfect For the Philippines, the boys kids For the kids For the kids For the kids For the kids For the kids For the kids For the kids Also the interesting thing about Elan is like her story is also brutal Yeah, in fact that she like she made it And now she's making music and such a sort after singer And I think as time progresses and she proceeds to evolve and have hits Things will only kick off all across Asia and then you know Breaking through those sort of yeah, that's sort of worldwide market I hope that she's one of those from that next generation in the Philippines The vocal potential is there 10 out of 10 But yeah, it's all cool to check out new names as well New little fellas, eat or new little girls If you know what they're up to right now Do let us know the whole point of this is Not you know just to sort of do it when you're a child but as time progresses Because that's the only thing no one can stop right time So you are gonna get all the things that gonna happen So you want to be in the industry for as long as possible But yeah That was super cool though the way I was so overwhelmed It's so many emotions right now Because it's so little But let us know what you guys thought about it and adios Goodbye