 We're going to welcome back to another juicy reaction. We've got a short one today. We have a mini reaction. A highly requested one for us to listen to and read the words and the lyrics and everything to the Philippines national anthem. Now we may have heard this without realising it. I reckon we have. So we've got it here in Spanish, English and in Tagalog. So it's going to be cool that we can see the English version and actually understand what it's about and what they're talking about. And then here in Tagalog and here like the official version and stuff. So we're just going to listen to this and I don't know. We obviously know like the British national anthem. That's that lighting. Oh I thought it was another power cut. Basically we've been having a ton of power cuts here. It's okay look at this one. Just stop, just speak. Okay I'll keep doing it. We've been having a ton of power cuts here recently and I thought that was a sign of it happening again and last night what? What are you after this? Ah, smart. Yeah, anyway if you want to be around here oh my god this is the most chaotic video ever on the channel. Sorry about this guys. I'm going to carry on talking though. If you want to be around here and you can hit that subscribe but can you just be quiet? There we go. You're being so noisy and you can hit that subscribe button that I really mean a lot to us. We've also got another channel, the GC blog and that's going to be linked below if you can subscribe to that too. If you've got any reaction requests then follow us over on Instagram and do them. Yes. Drop a message in our DMs that is where we get all our reaction requests from but that further do we are. Good listen to the Philippine National Anthem. Three, two, one. Wow, from 1899 the Spanish version. The original Spanish version. Yeah. Sounds like a very strong national anthem. I like how they use that. I like all the different instruments. What's happening? It's happening. It's very... Contrometer. Yeah. Trying to think for another name of the words. I think Spanish in high school but I don't mean remember it. It's really nice to listen. Oh yeah. There you go some wind blowing out. I'm going to use Threchanic, so I can go and take a guess. Oh, it's really fast. Oh, I love it! Really nice words. Yeah, I'm getting that's about the flag. Anna. Ladder, love. Ladder, life. Three guys. Quite different version actually. I've got this to work. I've got a team. I've got two teams. So it's time to shoot. Pin... Pinirang. I'm just happy. Yeah. Funny how the English are all quite different. The music. I mean, the guy I love. I mean, the guy I love. I mean, the guy I love. I mean, the guy I love. I mean, the guy I love. I mean, the guy I love. I mean, the guy I love. I mean, the guy I love. It would be interesting because we'll know it now. We're ever hearing it at. Exactly. Do they play it? Do they, because in the UK they obviously play it at football games and stuff like that, the national anthem. But last time in the comments where they play the national anthem is it at events. We've been to a lot of festivals. Still listening. I'm just trying to, I'm just comparing quickly, carry on. We've been to a lot of festivals and I don't remember hearing it. But maybe they have played it at festivals and things like that around the Philippines. But last time in the comment, I hope you enjoyed this one. Bit different for us. The truth is the game. Oh, it is, okay. Just a different arrangement. Like, yeah. Ten-pile and stuff. Yeah, yeah. Well, a lot of you requested us to listen to that. So, I enjoyed that. There we go. That's a good one to do. Absolutely. Keep them coming in, guys. We are always, always looking out for your requests and we're enjoying this channel so much. We really do. We're filming our many videos. And thanks for your support. But we'll see you in the next. Do you see reacts? Please subscribe. Bye. I was trying to mouth to you saying it bit and it really worked. Say bye, guys. Bye, guys. Bye.