 Hi everybody, Jonathan and Grace, we back again and today we've got something that we really need to talk about and that's really the elephant in the room, the white elephant in the room. And every sin that white elephant before? And it's not me, hey, I know you always think that I'm a bit of a gorilla like an elephant size, but no, this is just a proverbial saying. It really means there's something that is not being said, that needs to be discussed. And when people look at us and listen to us on YouTube, they're going to wonder about this age difference. So we just thought we just kind of talk about it. We thought we're not going to talk about all the different aspects of the age difference. We just merely at this point, maybe a later stage we can talk about the other aspects of the age gap. But this time we thought we'd talk about the society, the way the society views it. And obviously Grace is going to give us that input. I did ask her to think about it. I'm not too sure what she's going to say. But it's important because if you're thinking about dating a younger Filipina, if you're thinking about bringing it to America or going to stay in the Philippines, you need to think about these things. Okay. And perhaps a little bit more in more depth than what I did before. It's the heart of this relationship with Grace. However, having said that, we're very happy. And we want everybody to know that. And we hope that it's going to work and we're working hard at making sure it works. Aren't we? Are we? Are we? Okay. Good. Alright. So from a society point of view in the Philippines, Grace, how do you think society in general views perhaps what you've done? You've gone and married a foreigner and somebody that is much older than what you are. What do you think they think? Now our culture, you know, I had many so much difficulties before we married Jonathan. Some of them they, you know, they think about it. What do you, you married not a younger man instead of older man? Because if you married that younger man, they had, you know, thinking of that in their mind that if you married them younger than older than let's go, you know, money and also that gap, gap of age, that's that's the difficult that I faced before. Now it's this that easy for me. I have challenges, you know, that some of my friends ask me, why do you marry Jonathan? He's older than me. So it's, it's not, you know, how can I answer to that foolish classmate that I face before? Well, you know, that's why we discuss these matters, okay? And we've had some serious discussions even before we got married. I kind of laid out everything because I thought a lot about it because very similar to grace, I had a situation with family, you know, they said, what are you doing? Are you crazy? You understand what what those implications are? In the society, they weren't happy. In fact, I can tell you an incident that while I was dating Grace, somebody in this community here, he was quite elderly, he was 83 and he went and he shocking the community, he married a Filipina and they were quite upset about it. Why? Because, you know, of his age and he went and married a young Filipina. Now when I, because I know these people, I said, but she's not young, you know, she's 76, but you know, she was like five, six, eight years younger than what he was at the time. And so they said, no, no, she's too young. When you compare myself and Grace, it's like 40 years different, not 10 years. So you can understand where I'm living because it's quite a seaside remote retirement type area. The kind of society issues I would have to face because I've gone and married somebody like 40 years younger than me. So if they were bothered about 10 years, can you imagine 40 years? So that put aside, we obviously see that there's an issue in the West, right? And personally, personally, I would never marry somebody much younger than myself. Okay? Now that's my thinking, that was my thinking. I mean, when I first got married, it was three years. And I think three years is a nice gap between a man and a woman, three years. Grace, let's go home, fuck your country. No, I'll just say that was my thinking. That was just, you know, if somebody said to me, you know, there's a should there be a age gap or not, I would say no. You know, that was obviously before I met you. And unfortunately, that's what happens when you meet somebody. And maybe in the beginning, you could have stopped it and just walked away. But as you kind of get talking and falling in love and all these things, feelings and emotions start building up, you know, you can't just walk away. Or you feel that you don't want to walk away. You rather investigate and kind of see, you know, can you make this work? And I think this is perhaps what we need to also speak to people that are listening to us is given a bit of our background. You see, I met Grace through our ministry with, we're both Bible students. Okay, and that's how we actually met. It's through having this kind of connection. We've both studied about, I mean, I've been studying the Bible, let's say 60 years now, Grace for 2021 years. And so the reason why that actually plays a part in my psychology and my trying to balance everything out is because according to the Bible and the scriptures, you know, we are supposed to live forever. Okay, so if you really believe in Bible prophecy, if you've done the study that we've done, both of us, because she believes the same way that we're living in the last days and that very soon now there's going to be, you know, God's kingdom is going to bring about this huge change to this earth. And we're going to live on this earth forever. So therefore, based on that, you really have faith in what you have been studying and researching for decades and decades and decades. Then you'd also have the kind of thinking that we have, that age really does not matter. In the sense that we hope to live forever. So therefore, say in a billion years time, okay, I'm going to be a billion and 60 and you're going to be a billion and 20. But is that going to matter? So that's the logic and that's maybe one way you can look at it. All right, however, having said that, let's break up a bit about what you were saying, because you were saying that your classmates, you know, were like, but shocked. Because you could have gone for a younger, a little bit, okay. And of course, you know, I was more concerned about your family because I had to win a family over because even a family were against it in a sense. Not her parents. I mean, I think when I arrived there, I'm not too sure how much her parents actually really realized how serious this was because I'm let her father was just having me on because when I said, can I marry your daughter? You said, what? Why? Why would you want? You know, why? Since she too young, you know, like he was a bit, look to me like he was called down. I thought he knew. I thought he was expecting this because this had been spoken about in planned. But just from his reaction, he wasn't, it looked anyway. Unless he was just playing along, I don't know. So, but on the whole, the parents, because you must remember in the Philippines, a person who's under I think the age of 23 has to be signed away by the parents in order to marry somebody. So it's not like the West way at 18, you can go into a court and get married. You don't need the permission of your parents. In the Philippines, you do, I think, up to the age of 23. So I needed their backing. They were good at doing that. But obviously, they also have to ask the other part of the family. And this is maybe for another block we're going to discuss. When you're talking about winning over a Filipino, you're going to win over and her family. And that's quite intense, so tell me, explain to me your family. Were they all happy when I pitched up there and wanted to marry you? First of all, you talk to my parents. They were not happy. They feel insecure at this level. Because I'm married. I'm going to marry the old man. Wow. But later on, they accept Jonathan to be my husband. And also, after marriage, we get happiness forever. So my parents, they don't worry about that because I'm married that. Good man. And you really care for me. OK. Yeah. So that's important, isn't it? It's kind of your thinking behind marrying somebody. Whether they're young, whether they're old, no matter. I mean, if I could have this over again, I'd love to have grace. OK. I just wish she was like 50 years old like this. Then it wouldn't look so difficult. But how is that possible? That's not real, is it? It just happened. And but tell me, you've been living here within the society. OK. For what? Nelia, you. All right. And we were in a way canceled, you know what canceled means? You don't know what canceled means. It means people were like avoiding us. It's like that elephant in the room, where they're not too sure what to think about it, what to say, whether to be seen with us or not. And I mean, even we still get lots of stairs. I mean, we go down to our local shop here. And they've seen us come in there, you know, every day, every second day. And still, what happens? Well, it's still a bit short, right? We get all the eyes, we get all the looks. Maybe, maybe, if we read what they're thinking, maybe he'd say, what the hell? You married a younger woman. You are all now. What's the matter? I'm sure. Yeah. So, but, you know, it is what it is. I'm saying, now that is here in the West, right? Having said that, how do you think in the Philippines, how does the general populace think about younger girls marrying foreigners, or even if it's not a foreigner, just another older Filipino man? You know, some of them in Philippines, they think, you know, they agree that you're married older, even you are a Filipino or a foreigner. But some of them, it's natural at least you show love one another. And they feel when you put the efforts that you really love your wife or husband. Yeah. So, like, it's shown by your actions, ain't it? Yeah. All right. So, yeah. So, that's, I think, comes across quite a bit. I did notice, though, while I was there, and I was speaking to people, and this is the first time I went, and I'll, you know, the people saw me walking around with you. And I was like, you know, I was walking around with you in your religion. And, you know, they were kind of shocked in many ways. And you know, the elderly ones would say, what are you doing, Yuck? Why are you going with her? And I'll say, no, that's, that's Matthew, I'll say. What? That they were shocked. And I had another elderly, in fact, one of the ladies that we stayed with. She was like, probably my age. And she was saying, like, no, I'll do this. And because, you know, they don't know what they want. She was talking to her, like, tell me about young girls, how they are. Now, I can just tell you a little bit about Grace. In the 18 months I've known, who's basically two years from the initial time. But she's quite a bit older than what she, in a maturity. So I would give her maybe five years on the age where she is now. Maybe the more. So that has helped me a lot. Having said that, there's challenges, just like Grace said. And she faces challenges being with an elderly guy. Because, you know, we are pretty conservative in our thinking and the things we do. And if I think back when I was 20 and I married somebody that was 18, you know, we, we were full of risk at that time. And she was full of risk. And I was full of risk. And we were just gung ho and just doing this and doing that. And whereas, you know, Grace probably wants to do those things. She just wants to go out there and just do things. Whereas because I've done these things and I've got the experience, I would say, no, listen, we can do that. That's not going to work. So stay away from that. So that's a bit frustrating. I can understand why that's frustrating. I mean, when you're young, you just knock your head, don't you? You knock your head, you make mistakes, you get up. And that kind of, you know, kind of makes you marriage stronger in a way. When you have good times, bad times. Versus now, it's almost in a way Grace doesn't have any bad times. There isn't really any difficulties for her to kind of conquer. So we try to deal with that challenge, you know, maybe give her some kind of a challenge or myself, not be so conservative and just let her run with some crazy idea and bump her head, you know, not boys come up with the proper way to do things because it's not necessarily going to make your marriage better. So the our challenges, you know, I've got to learn from this and Grace has got to also learn from this. But the good thing about it is we talk, don't we? Yeah. We talk it out and that's important. All right. So putting that aside, the society is an issue. Okay. How do you think the society after being here say, you're treated? Have they come to terms with it? Do they treat you nicely? Because I see that you always like making like spring rolls for people and taking it to them and they're giving you stuff. So it looks to me like they've changed their thinking. I think with first I came here, I think they not, you know, believe they shop at Jonathan is married again, young girl woman. But later on, you know, if you're showing, you know, that good action and good attitude that you have here, they can't change their mind. And that's it. Yeah. So there's a lesson in that, hey? You've got to win people over. Yeah. You've got to win people over because you've gone and taken this action, which is outside kind of society norms. And so in a way, going to the Philippines, which is where we would like to go and be for a few years, once we get organized. So that's something for you to work on. Yeah. So you can work hard on that. But I would think going there would be a little bit easier in the sense of the society accepting it. Yeah. So from a society point of view, as long as it actually says, the guy is treating you properly, you know, providing with a future. And then all's good. All's good. But like I mentioned to you from a, from a, from a, a biblical from a scriptural point of view. Now, looking at my age, coming onto 60, you know, I can look only from a secular point of view, just from a practical point of view, you know, I've got like 25 years of, probably reasonably good health. So from a secular point of view, that's how I would gauge things. However, from a scriptural point of view, the fact that I believe I'm going to be living forever. Okay. And basically, if I'm wrong about that, I've been wrong about my last 60 years of existence. So I'm putting all my eggs in that basket in the scriptural one where I'm looking at Bible prophecy, where we are at the time. But let's just say I was totally wrong. Let's just say, biologically, I was totally wrong. Therefore, we got to like look at 25 years. If you add 25 years onto your age group now, you still young enough to start watching perhaps somebody else again. If that's your choice, isn't it? So, you know, I've given her all the scenarios. She knows that she understands it. And that's basically hopefully. Can you stop playing now? This is serious. It is a serious matter because, you know, when you marry, you expect to be married forever. And I mean, I know when I had my first marriage, I vowed that that was it. And for 35 years, I thought that this was working. And then everything goes to pot. So the problem is in marriage, you know, it's a contrapp between two people and both have to buy into it. Yeah. So that's why discussion between me and Grace is important. The person that you're going to be getting, they have to buy into whatever. And if you open and transparent about how you view things, how long you've got to live. That person can make the decision whether they appear to live with you. And to be your wife for that period. Obviously, like I've said, and I want to say it again, I intend to be with Grace forever. And that is what she believes and that's what I believe. So that basically kind of sorts out the society point of view. And I hope everybody understands that if you don't have any questions, please comment below. And ask us and we can sort out that maybe something I've missed. And I could have. But I can tell you what, before I made this decision, I had months and months knowing what I was going to be doing. And I know it was a very hard decision for me to make, because my mind is wrong. It's not practical, it's not the same. However, when I saw it thinking about it and the emotions and love and all the risks kicked in, well, then Grace happened. But there's other side of things like the physical side. And we will leave that for another day. We can discuss that. But just even on a practical, let's just think about it on a practical thing. I'm six foot two and I'm 105 kgs. So I'm pretty big, pretty strong at this point. But the physical side is important, because I know when Grace first came up to me running, I mean, she had a 200 meter run at me to jump in my arms. And I was quite taken aback by that. I wasn't expecting that leap. And she's quite heavy. And that's something, that's what I'm trying to make. We're not so heavy. I don't know how you, I'm actually 55 kgs. But when you're not used to somebody jumping into your arms, maybe when I was 20, you know, your wife would jump into your arms, you wouldn't think anything of it. But that's what I'm thinking about an elderly person that's thinking about a young Philippine. She's going to want to do these things. She's going to want to, you know, want to be you to swing around. You know, well, are you going to be able to handle that? You know, when she jumps into your arms, you know, it's quite something. You know, right now I can do it. But even so, I say sometimes I say, great, it's cool. Because it's, you know, you need physical strength. Okay, you need balance. You need, you need everything. And sometimes because they're young, they just do things like the way that's a pull or that's, so you, what I'm just thinking is if I was saying, not physically stable, maybe if I'm later years and maybe 70 or 80, getting pulled off balance could be a big issue. And she won't think anything of it because, you know, this is what you do when you're 21 and so on. So all I'm saying, that from the physical side, think about it serious. And then there's obviously other sides to it as well, which maybe we can discuss at a later stage. But I just thought, get this, this white elephant in the room out. Okay. Grace is 21, I'm 59 and we here to stay. We're going to live forever. We're going to be cool. We're going to be good. And we hope, you know, we can take you along on this journey with us. And if we've got anything we want to discuss or things you're not sure of and you're thinking of marrying a filipina and, you know, these little issues, hard you cope with them. Well, to be honest, I'm still learning. Yeah. Yeah. Every day, Grace surprises me with some crazy thing that happens and I've got to, you know, have a double take and just think about it before I say anything because, you know, you, you're a different age group. Okay. But at the same time, it brings a lot of goodness, you know, because you start thinking younger, you start doing things all the time because you have to be active. Which I think is a good thing sitting around retiring on a bar stool somewhere, thinking that's life and that's how you should be. That's not going to be good for your health. Okay. So having somebody younger, getting up and about and have to do things and want to do things and that's going to keep, you know, going into time is going to keep me physically strong, mentally strong as well. So all these issues are not such a fancy. Okay. Okay. Anything would you like to say about, you know, if anybody is watching, what are the things you got to watch out for if you're looking at somebody who's older than you? You've got no comment about that. You just happy with what you've brought. That's a good thing. As long as you're happy with what you've got nothing, that's the main thing. As long as the girl is happy with what she's got. But talk it out with her first because I don't think it can be anything worse than somebody who doesn't want to be with you. And there'll always be somebody that wants to be with you. So just find the right person and that's the answer. But also look for somebody with the same kind of viewpoint. And that's, I think, the bit of the secret that me and Grace have got is quite unique that we both believe we're going to live forever. And that's a big thing because we don't think this is going to stop. This is just going to go on and on and on. And it's going to get better and better. And we can then plan with children and all the other things as well. Okay. So that is a good aspect. All right. So that's it and done that elephant is out the room. We're going to change that later. And yeah, we'll talk about other things. Tomorrow we're thinking of talking about what was it? First living and Philippines. A cost of living. But we don't live in a Philippines. We need to be ready. Grace is just thinking about the Philippines. She can't wait to get there, guys. I mean, there's so many guys that are living there that they know the cost. So rather go to them. I can tell you about the cost of living in South Africa. If you want to know, I don't know if anybody's bothered because I don't know if anyone's going to want to live in South Africa. I can ag organizers because what I can talk to you about is the cost of having a Filipino. Okay. Because she does come at a cost. Maybe that's a good idea for tomorrow. What cost? Hello. Hello. What cost to me is Grace? All right. We'll talk about it tomorrow. Please, though. Subscribe. Thumbs up. Share. Comment. Push the notification bell. Yeah. And also please support us. Think that our YouTube channel, the Philippines, showed my other videos. You can go there. Okay. So if you've heard Grace, because she mumbled that last bit, this is actually Grace's channel. Okay. So I don't have any access to it. I don't have any editing rights ever. I don't even know any passwords. This is her little thing. Obviously it's ours because we married. We won. But you know, the help her out. She wants to get to the Philippines. She wants to be back with her family. And we're going to try and make it happen. All right, guys. Keep well. Bye. Bye.