 neuro è perfetto èBeifall sono felice Vi vado a prendere ad un po' il aesthetico, ci estas di me nella sera alla Terra, ci andiamo ad faccio Ok junkac strands blends me dim middle starts Islam d замuosa si stress la takim persa si Green wakes raging 15 materia del rip chewy grazie premio e train non eraAnother un tauca cal九 di me. Hai Merry Christmas! Hello Merry Christmas! Happy Christmas! Merry Christmas in advance until my first Christmas here, 4 years back. I haven't wished me Merry Christmas! Happy Christmas in September and... What? What? Thank you! Merry Christmas in September! Ho been here, and I was told that yes. The celebration of Christmas, that's as old as September. Once it is start of September here, it will be steeper by instant that Christmas is around the corner, it is the start of the celebration for them. September reminds them that it is the beginning of the Emba Modes. In Nigeria, it is called Emba Modes. Here, in the Philippines, it is also called Emba Modes. Still something Emba Modes. Emba Modes. Hai Hai, Emba Modes. Yes, in the Philippines. So, and in Nigeria, it is also called Emba Modes. Once we enter the month of September, it reminds you of Emba Modes, which is September, October, November and December. So, in the Philippines, they keep wishing you Merry Christmas, Happy Christmas, and you cannot spend the night of herring it, because it is just the beginning of it. You have September to be at the Merry Christmas of October and November, December to be at it. Or for the Christmas day, you cannot forget you speak once you are here in the Philippines. You go to the malls, you go to the markets, you get Christmas songs from September, start hearing Christmas, drink girls, and Christmas, Christmas. It's time to go to the malls. Go to the malls. It's beautiful decorations. They start their decorations far as early as September. Yeah, they decorate the malls, they decorate the streets, their houses. It's so beautiful how these people decorate things. Like, you fall in love with things. I'm going to insert a video of the Joseph Glimps of Feats working here in the city where I'm staying. You see what I am talking about? The decorations are so beautiful. They decorate their houses, they decorate the streets, the world. So beautiful and something that reminds you rings to your daddy. Christmas is around the corner, whether or not you want to notice it. You must notice that Christmas is around the corner. They look forward to reading. See it? Yeah, it. You will feel it. And the vibe, no, you cannot escape that by so strong and so unique about the Philippines. Yes, if we'll start their own celebration from September or until December. Did I say December? Their Christmas starts from September and it ends in second week of January, right? Yeah, it ends in second week of January, just which is September. You see them? They start looking forward to holidays. They look forward to Christmas. They look forward to Merry-Mence. One good thing about the Filipino people is they love Merry-Mence. They love celebration. They love getting together. They love holidays. And they are family-oriented type of people. So September reminds them that, yes, they get a chance again to meet with their family members. They come together. They eat together. They dine and wine together. They go to places. They love celebration. This must be the season of reunion for them. But again, what unique thing about the Filipinos? The light comes down to every celebration. So once each September, they know, ah, and the months have started. So let the condom begin. It was beginning from 1st September. They start looking forward to big holiday and all of that. For me, as a foreigner, once in a lot of so much about the Christmas season. That's it. I came to this country once, since Christmas is approaching, I start looking forward. Like I look forward all the way to any celebration. Because any celebration in this country is an opportunity for us to get slash of sales. You know, we get goods at discounted rates. Yes. Unlike the country I'm coming from, you know, once it is them by months, once the season of Christmas is approaching, people start getting scared of it. A kind of scare of it because once that time is approaching. That's when the inflation, the prices of things, will be inflated in the month. Christmas is approaching. Everybody wants to get most people right. Let me not generalize. Most people want to see the opportunity to get rich quick once, you know. The prices of things are skyrocketed. There is inflation of prices of goods and services. Things are very expensive. People were as far as buying things done earlier, the embamons, before the main embam, which is closer, the embamon of December, because they know that once that time approaches, this is of things, we've been inflated, the price of things will be so high to get. But it's here. Once that time is approaching, we look forward to it. We wait to get closer, because the closer it comes, you get a lot of discounts, you get depending on what you want to buy. Once it is time for celebration, whether Christmas is that celebrations, all these celebrations, because Filipinos likes celebrations like I mentioned before. We look forward to it, because that's the opportunity to buy things cheap. Yes, November 11th, there was slash sale in November 11th, or Christmas is approaching, or maybe even any season after any celebration season in Philippines, you have discounted prices for things, for goods, you know. Since you know, a lot of things are cheap here. People say that I, as a foreigner, I love and cherish so much about Christmas season in this country. Also, during the season of Christmas in the Philippines, you barely hear crime rates skyrocketing. Unlike some countries, once it is Christmas season, so there will be lots of panic and all that, because people are scared of crimes, instead of people burning into your house at night, or stealing from you and all that, since I came to this country, I have stayed for four years close in this country. I have never heard of, like, you are in your house, you are in your room, people will burn into your room, your house right there, and they want to steal from you and stuff like that. I have never, it's not like I'm saying there are no crimes in this country, but what I am saying is it is right, it's not something that is common, like you have in some countries, as Christmas is approaching, people will be scared, they want to steal, they steal, they tell you to steal with your eyes open, because at night, you don't know what will happen. It's not like that in Philippines, you can go at night, you can go at even as elderly, as 4am, 3am, without being scared of anything, you know. You can go at anything, even though you have to be conscious of yourself, but it's not something that, like, in other countries, some countries, you cannot go at 167, they crime rates, the intense of burning into people's houses, they steal from people are not that is rare in this country, it is so low, it happens, but I cannot even remember, or any incidents, I will say, I have head of this person saying something like, it is so rare, it is not common, you know, even like, I am coming from, once it is a month, people will be like, ah, a month has started, a month is just like the period for you to pray more, lots of accidents happen during that period, the crime rates increase and stuff like that, because instead of love and peace and all of that, the good things that is meant to be, to flow, start hearing the rate of crime, skyrocketing, start hearing the rate of accidents, I don't know, but in this country, I can barely remember or count any accidents, or count any accidents that has happened. I for one, I've never, I've not seen like, as you are working, you see, accidents, accidents, or it's not, last week, there was a accident on this street, or here, blah, blah, no, it is so rare, it's not like it does not happen, it happens, yes, it happens, because that's why it is called accidents, you do not expect it, it's not something that I want to express, but it is so rare in this country for you to hear accidents, in Bama, it's called me, you know, that is not hearing a lot of accidents, it is so rare in Philippines, I can count how many I have head, I've not seen, but I can count how many I have head, maybe from Facebook and sometimes from friends, the first time I had a accident, the accident took happening in this country, I was shocked because it's something that is not really common, you understand, they have good rules, so it's not really common, unlike where I'm coming from, where you hate, it's so rare, that I think we are in Philippines, you do not, you do not, yes, you do that, but what I'm saying is, the crime rates is slow here, accidents rates are so, the merchandise is rare, you can even travel at night as you are traveling, you are relacining the bus, because you have three Wi-Fi in the bus, you are chatting and watching movies, it is what you want, there is three Wi-Fi in their buses, and traveling at night at daytime, you enjoy it before you leave, you don't even feel it that you are traveling, because no bad routes here in the Philippines, it's so nice, something to look forward to, something that we look forward to every year, because it comes with lots of good memories, it is, of course, the end of this video, thank you for always staying with me, thank you always for clicking, because I appreciate each and everyone of you, that yet, to subscribe to this channel, what are you still waiting for? Please do well to hear the rest subscribe, but then turn on the post notification bell, that says all, so you do not miss out on any of my uploads, like the video, comments, so do well to please share this video, until I come your way next time, stay safe, stay blessed, bye bye!