 But you're Friday. Diffreshes. Ah, I'm fun. I love this compilation videos. You always leave this video feeling like, oh my god, the world is amazing. So this is sent by one of you guys. I think it's actually made by one of you guys. And you sent it over to the channel. And it is somewhat, you know, some singers. I guess they call it amateur singers because they don't maybe know what they do for a living. But it's from like 2020, 2021. And they said that there might be some early, like later, 2021 stuff as well here. So they're so really interesting to watch. They're always crazy. And the size of that point of, yeah, the Philippines was not, was not created equal when it comes to singing. Oh, yeah, definitely even. What an advantage. And the huge impact that the karaoke machine has had in a whole nation. And what it has on the pool of talent that's available for an industry. I totally agree. Like, what else to say? What else to say? What else to say? Let's have a look. What else to say? Holy shit. Is that a TV? I have a son. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. She's got the beautiful timber for the song though. Oh, it's just natural. He's so good for her. He got there. She's so sweet. She bites her puncher. Gosh. Wow, what a voice. Wow, what a voice. So this shit is just normal, man. I love you too. Hold on. Oh, what a color. That is such beautiful color. Okay. Turn out it. What the fuck is this though? Sir, did you lose my phone number? I'm here to give it out. Is that a karaoke party? It's the pressure. Oh, come on, sir. Come on. Come on. Hi. You know what, it's funny. It must be really hard to be like a gig band in the Philippines because restaurants don't really need entertainment. No, because they only need the people. Yeah, you just put a mic there and like a karaoke thing and then they can bring their own things if they want their own discs or whatever. I don't know how that works. I've never used a karaoke machine. They don't have a karaoke thing but they like pre-made for you. The thing is already made. What do I get? I don't know. But that's a super version of it. Let me buy it. I don't know. Maybe it's just like a DVD. That's what I'm telling you now. I did it once in a resort. You have this huge album. You pick the songs and then you give them the number that you're singing. And then they'll be like, and then there's like a video with like images of flowers and they're really excited for us. It's amazing. It's a really shit PowerPoint. And then a bright yellow letters that would like have things that radiate that moves through. But I think that's the whole experience. It's like a DVD. You just buy the discs. You can put it anyway. I don't know. Nowadays, who has CDs and DVDs? A lot of people still. Maybe in the Philippines. I know they probably do. They definitely do. But here in the UK, that's not a thing anymore. It's all digital. Yeah, that's crazy. That's when you realize the revolution. It will happen before your eyes and you won't even notice it. Okay. There will be a moment where paper will stop existing. That's right. And you won't even notice. Just like discs. You imagine a moment 12 years ago where I will tell you discs will no longer be a thing. No, that to me is not crazy. No one is crazy. The fact that we stopped using floppy discs. Nobody ever realized that floppy discs were so fun to use. Plus the name is awesome. Floppy, yeah. Anyway, that is crazy. This girl singing with the thing you spray your cat with when they miss behaving. In the back. In the back. In the back. In the back. In the back. In the back. In the back. In the back. In the back. In the back. In the back. I don't remember a single personoli's there. I don't remember a single personoli's there. Instead, it's just a loser. I don't know a singleitency and your sensuality is different. Every player telling me this figure is certain. Also. Let's give it a go. Than this figure is the most curious and mysterious of lights. I don't remember what I said. My question comes from you. Lord. Is it broken? Is it broken? Up. Bathroom acoustics. What? Should we make a show? Bathroom acoustics? What? Listen, their harmony work is just complicated level. It's so accidental in the meaning of both of their lines, or so opposed they work so well together. It's like listening to, yeah, a 1950s version. What was on the singing? I can hear the knees, I can hear the neck pick. But it's like, oh my god. Somebody is wick at the knees. Yeah, you're wrong. Is there the R&B song? Who sings it? Like, I forgot who sings it. Megan D'Estallian. Definitely not. But every kid knows these things. Like, oh, okay, name me out. All music. Neo. Oh no, they think it's old music. Nicki Minaj. But what is the... Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Yes, I suppose. Pull up in the Sri Lanka. What? What the fuck does that mean? Can I say it in any country? No, no. Pull up in the Brazil. No, it's the Nicki rap. It's Nicki Minaj rap. She says, pull up in the Sri Lanka. Yeah. What the fuck was that? And then the girl fell against the... And she does that. Sometimes I really wonder. Like, maybe she just thought, because the only thing that runs the gangster is that Sri Lanka. I don't know. And then she said something about China. And then there's another rapper she talks about. So, Korea. And it's like, because you never seen a girl so... Blah blah blah blah. And there's a rap with Korea. And it's like, cool. I wish it was a rapper. You know? I could be. Very good, I've seen worse. Oh. Don't that again! Oh. Oh, he's so good dude. You're so good dude. You know you stop me dead when I was passing by. And now I'm about to see you dance just one more time. Oh, I think you said to me you every day. Oh my god. Somebody get her a deal. I like your style Oh, you make me make me make me wanna cry You like your make me too? And now I'm back to see you dance just one more time So let's say dance for me dance for me dance for me Oh oh, she is beautiful I can see anybody in the piece you've grown before Let's say, move for me move for me move for me This is where the whole imitation exercise really falls into I said oh my god, I see you walking by She is amazing She's like in my till and look me in my eyes You think she's in brain personalism? Yeah, no, well, it's really close to the original take of the song So you see, there's like a natural drop layer She is great though, freaking out She's got a pretty too, I wait for her to sing She's fantastic but Something a flash put your breath in the door in another seven Holy shit! Oh boy! Holy shit! Holy shit! Oh boy! Holy shit! Holy shit! Holy shit! Oh boy! Holy shit! Let me listen to that bro! Sorry sorry! Holy shit! Fucking love it so! Holy shit! Holy shit! I swear to you I had a ring in this finger, it's now gone! I love her life! I love that song! This is very good! Anyone sings that song? I think I immediately like them! It's not like a pre-requisite, you're thinking of the Philippines. People say you're sure, because obviously it's serenading in such a big deal. Such a big deal. Continue sorry! What the fuck with her? And do you think there's a pre-requisite where you kind of stop obviously not pre-requisite? Because I'm sure there's people that are really shit at singing that still date the woman of their dreams. But that's certainly in the Philippines away! You can sort of get what you want. I see! It's a scene to them! But you know what? Do people that sing are perceived as more attractive than people that don't sing? I would think so! And in the specific geolocation like the Philippines. I think overall yes. In the world, yeah. But maybe in the Philippines it's even more amplified. Maybe. I think but it's a huge deal, that's for sure. Because it's more readily available. Yeah. It's like well you would choose a guy, maybe just as good looking as the other but one of them can sing. Which one would you choose? Take singing! Well that's my take on it! But what really close my teeth? A struggling dating artist. Is it quite crazy? Okay. But you know what's my point here is that this type of video is really put into perspective. How incredible do you got to be? To be seen as an admired by an audience that does this thing. They love it. And like the fact that you get incredible singers, yes they're amazing and they do what they do. But for me, if anyone could be... How do you rise? Like how? What is the way? What makes them different from the rest of the country? Which is wild to think, right? So like what makes you stand out? That's what I really agree with. It's absolutely incredible. It really puts into perspective the level of respect that you have to understand, the craft, the understanding behind the performing aspect of it all. Because if you're normal people, you're everyday people that go sit at a restaurant and just belt these incredibly difficult songs. You know, is there a playground? It just puts everything else into perspective regarding the incredible amount of work that goes into becoming an artist in the film itself. Well that's why I've always said the pedigree there is higher than everywhere else. Yeah. Because if you get that market, you get that audience to appreciate the singing of someone, they must be fucking good. They have to be a different type of animal. Yeah, exactly. And it's like you're opposing something that it's not readily available for them in their natural environment, which is already rare. That's why my bet is if you're an artist in the Philippines, right? The best bet for you to have is to be a part from being a power vocal, which obviously helps. It seems bring an artistic side to music that hasn't been seen in a good world or never. And that's what you're getting with, you know, Zakta Budlou with Juan Carlos. So if you're getting with Berthine, that's what you're getting with Elanimfa, that's what you're getting with this new guys, this new generation, which is like they can obviously sing to a really, really high standard. If not, they wouldn't even get noticed by the market, by the people, that market is just the people just you guys, Manaz. So you wouldn't even get recognized. But then give me a twang, give me something that I haven't seen before, give me an edge, give me a different color, give me a different texture, give me a different take. The imitation game is just it's far beyond that. It's readily available. Down the street, go to a pub, but over there don't have pubs. They have like a bar, right? Yeah. And then, oh, someone's doing the karaoke machine and they're probably 10 times better than most people in the top 10 in the US. Can you agree more? So it's mental. What about you?