 If you're in the Philippines and you're Muslim and you think halal food is gonna be a problem, then think again. This food is so good. When you come to Shargau, you'll probably be surprised to find out that there are so many different dining options here. From pizza, local to kebabs, all different type of cuisines. But one thing that really caught our eyes was traditional Filipino food but with a twist, it's all vegan. So today we've come to Cosmic Restaurant which is in the general lunar area and we're gonna try this amazing food out. It looks really good, it smells really great and all the online reviews have raved about how you can't tell that it's vegan. So we're really excited to try this out. Let's go and see what traditional Filipino vegan food tastes like. The menu looks absolutely amazing. It's just filled with pure Filipino-style dishes. You've got anything for Filipino stews, chicken, you've even got sausage. So very interesting to see what that tastes like. Hello. Oh wow. Don't be on the dish, Shargau. Oh look at that. They look interesting, right? They look delicious. That one's also amazing. And that. So we've gone for two of the combo twos which means we get a main and two sides each. Which actually is quite a lot of food and I'm excited to dig in. So we've gone for like a curry, a traditional sissy which I've seen all over the place but we can't try because it's mainly poor. And there's these interesting skewers that I think are meant to be chicken intestines. What? That I've seen loads of people eat all over the place so I'm interested to try that as well. So let's dig in. So what are you going for there, Refan? I think these are vegan chicken intestines. Oh my god, it brings back flashbacks. When we were in Yonge Carter, we did a food tour. We'll put it here but... Yeah. But it looks interesting. It looks very similar but let's give it a try. Can't believe our world table you've won for that burst. It's not bad you know. It tastes like intestines. No. I think it's got a sweet glaze on it. It's really, really interesting. It's very chewy. Textures a bit if you're on that one I would say. Next thing is a spring roll and I bet you these are going to be amazing. Look at that. Crunchy and you know what? It's got a salty, meaty centre to it. Very, very nice dish. I think it's meant to mimic beef and it does have a quite beefy flavour to it. You're delicious. Okay so this one is called Longganisa which is a sausage again soy protein garlic and a bit of spring onion in there. Wow. It looks like a gingerbread one. Biscuit. Gingerbread biscuit okay. So sweet what I say. Looks like in the middle. This doesn't have a meaty flavour at all. It's got a very, very interesting crunchy flavour more than anything which I wouldn't associate with the sausage but maybe it's because we've been cutting off but still tastes really, really nice. I went for the chicken curry. Here it is. It's got potatoes inside, coconut milk, green chilies and you've got the local string beans. See what that tastes like? I'm going to look at that. Should I go for the whole chilis? Go for it. Wow. It's quite sweet. I'm going to look at that at the old chili. But it's very cold kind of tea as well. Wow. That is amazing. With that curry sauce, if I close my eyes, I think I'm in soy protein heaven right now. If I close my eyes, that curry sauce tastes like Chinese curry. Oh it's so delicious. That soy protein. It's so crunchy, so flavourful and the potatoes and the beans are my god. Cooked with affection. That's a colourful tell for me. And that doesn't feel like it's vegan. It's got a bit of substance to it. It's really, really nice. Wow. That is so juicy. Look at that. It's got a proper meat texture to it. That is probably my favourite thing that I've tried so far. Really? Yeah. Because it's got a proper meat texture. I don't know how they do it. I think that's probably like the wheat protein. This is why. I'm your wife. I know exactly what you're like. I know what you're like. I know what you're like. So I'm going to go in for the sissy. Because I've seen this everywhere in Philippines. Everywhere. And we've not been able to try it because it's not halal. It's unfortunate, but vegan is the closest that we're going to get. So big massive chili in there. Let's give it a try. Oh, so... Right. Yeah, absolutely. That chili is... One second. Oh, and it's washing it down with what? Cucumber lemonade. Which is... And you know what? The main thing is it's vegan, but it does not feel like vegan. It feels like you have a proper meaty food. So this place is... I can actually feel it. I think what I will go for, the intestines... I'm not really a massive fan. But I'm going to give it a try anyway. It's a little air fun. Always likes to go for all the crazy stuff. So... Okay. The texture is very... Rubbery. But it has got like a really nice, tanky sauce to it. Oh my god, that is insane. How is that not meat? Don't get it? Very nice texture. Taste meaty, I can't believe it. I've seen a lot of people in this restaurant have this on their plate, so this must be a very popular dish. So, therefore, get this one. This is amazing, look at that. So let's see what this tastes like. My god. Not it's amazing. It's quite a little piece of the oven, you know. That's a Chanau Chan. Oh god. Spring rolls Chanau Chan. This food is amazing. Oh my god. I can't believe it. I'm half become here. I have to say that vegan food gets a lot of bad press and a lot of stick from normal people or non-vegans because they think it doesn't taste that great. Doesn't have that meaty flavour and it's not satisfying. I have been recently converted, so I was good friends, Adam and Yaz, who have also traveled through the Philippines very recently. Go and check their videos out. Introduced us to a lot of vegan food while we were traveling together in Thailand. Oh my god guys. This food, I am stuffed. And I was just trying to think them. Which one would I say is my favourite, but it's just too hard. The chicken curry, it's got that sort of like Thai coconut curry sort of taste to it. It's just absolutely epic. And it feels like I've had chicken. The sausages, nice and crispy, never had anything like that before. The crispy rolls, oh my god, they were just something else. Too hard to say because of the favourite. My least favourite by all the means that it's interesting looking like things. But yeah, they were a bit adventurous. They were a bit adventurous choice. But every now and then you can't go wrong. And even the juice, cucumber and lemon juice, oh my god. Bang it. Absolutely bang in. Definitely don't knock vegan food. We have definitely been converted very recently. It's something that we go for when we can't get hold of halal food. Which is quite common here in the Philippines. As we recently found out after a couple of our TikTok videos have gone viral. It's quite interesting. We've been travelling around and when we ask people when we go into restaurants is this food halal, they generally understand what halal is. But here in the Philippines, I think the understanding or the definition of what majority of people think halal is is completely different. A lot of people here think halal is if there's no pork. And so that's why we try jolly meat. We try some food in the Gazi market. But thank you very much for everyone who brought that to our attention very early on in our travels in Philippines. So we're going to make sure that we... That's a charity. It's halal certified. But yeah, the food is absolutely delicious. I definitely recommend coming to Cosmic Respirone. And you know what, the chef came over and gave us what? My favourite is the chocolate lab cake, up green. And the kriya is not in it up as well aren't you, Bob and Ocho? Not vegan as well. Yeah, all it is. I speak vegan as well. This restaurant is too sick, man. Honestly, guys, if you're looking for halal alternatives, it is your place. So it's currently starting to rain, but that isn't going to stop us from doing other activities. But for this vlog, guys, this place Cosmic is definitely want to check out what you're here in Shoragawa. It was delicious. Thank you so much. Thank you. Very nice day. We will definitely come back. Bye. Thank you so much for watching, guys. We hope you really enjoyed this video. Don't forget to hit that subscribe button. And the kriya says, Follow your visions. I'm sleepy, but follow your visions, guys. We'll see you on the next one. Bye. Bye.