 Hello, familia. Welcome back to LLVT. We got Christina here for those of you that are new to this channel. I am a Mexican American. I guess we'll probably be the best way to describe me. Currently living in the Philippines with my Filipino husband and our two beautiful children back over there. Today we are actually out here in BGC but I wanted to tell you all about what it's like being married to a Filipino. We are slightly unique in that I'm an American woman married to a Filipino man which is a little bit different from what you might normally see in certain places and we're also celebrating our 16 year wedding anniversary today. So come on out and join us. All right so for today's vlog we actually happened to be out here at La Pocara in BGC on top of the one Bonapascio mole and we just got a lovely plate of potato spattitas bravus but before we dig into that I kind of want to talk a little bit more about the promise of today's episode. So today I want to talk a little bit about what it's like to be married to my Filipino husband and obviously we are different than most Filipino American couples that you might see. So a lot of the thoughts and the information I am going to share with you today it's really from my perspective and through my eyes how I've learned more about the Filipino culture from my husband and his family. La Pocara located in BGC Tagig is the brainchild of first-time restaurant tours, Isabel Calvo, an architect, Felipe Antonio Diaz de Miranda Fernandez de Molina. This restaurant is best known for their delightful Spanish cuisines and tapas. The ambiance had a tropical vibe and the staff was friendly. Hi what's your name, Cuyah? Mad. Mad? Yeah. Hi Cuyah, Mad. He brought us some goodies though. Himchis Proleta. Oh that looks good. And then the moon of the stada. Oh yeah. And on the side the onion. Oh perfect. One of the things I brought up in past vlogs is that there are some external factors with regards to the music that's often playing in the restaurants that we visit. It was really loud in the restaurant. And we thought to ask them if they wouldn't mind turning it down a little bit and they actually did. So it was really nice actually had an off-permanent but I think they just suggested the volume and turned it down a little bit for us today. Hop in for a stay day. I'm eating some tuna. Go for it. That was really good. All right so in the 16 beautiful years that we've been married. I've learned a few things. And I'll kind of start with like maybe some of the household thing and I would say one of those biggest things is shoes are not worn in Filipino household. Okay another fun thing I learned. This is what it looks like outside in the front door. Most Asian households but definitely in a Filipino household shoes are not worn inside. They are always less outside. So for our family really the reason that we do the no shoes in the household it's a clumblingous factor for us ultimately you know when we're out walking around a lot of your shoes are picking up a lot of dirt and you know just yeah from the outside and so we choose to take our shoes off because little fingers are constantly touching our floor and that the floors are clean. We don't talk with our mouth full, right? Not with a foot. No! No! I was done it down. Himchee croquette. Deppra I'm like I actually had Himchee before. See? Still showing me new things after 16 years. Yeah that was really good. It was kind of a creamy in the middle almost like a cheesiness or some sort of a cream in there with a little bit of just a very mild kick of spice to it. Okay someone like that. Okay so one of the other household things that I've kind of learned is getting your house blessed and maybe not just having your house blessed but also having your cars blessed that was completely new to me and then even having our pets blessed I think a lot of that does have something to do with obviously the Catholic background and upbringing that my husband experienced but house blessing was very important to us. That's juicy. Yeah, your favorite steak. It's like a really juicy steak. Not as juicy as the one at Wolfgang. Oh my goodness. And it's really true. I nutrient drink a lot of water does. Overall it's pretty good. This is the beef tattaki which is pan-sidered so it's a little bit rare on the inside stuff. Yeah that's so that's really good. Okay it's got the pangu sauce in it so it's a little bit citrusy but Rowan said it's definitely very juicy. What's that? It's that on top. There's garlic chips and green onion and it looks like on top. I'm always very wary of things that are covered in mayo. Kind of scares me but it's very light. It doesn't taste super heavy. It's got a really good spicyness to it. A tattas bravus. You just made good and so staying. Thank you. Thank you. The smile on Rowan's face says it all. That is so good. You have to come to this right here. I'll try one too. It's we ordered two. Oh wow. Oh my gosh. That's amazing. Huck me it looks so tender and that brioche bun just won't melt in your mouth and there's like some kind of a sauce like a barbecue sauce on there. That's really good. How's the old decorations? So this is not really necessarily true for brin and eye but it is true of what I've observed with the Filipino family and what have noticed is decorations in all the houses are all very similar. They're very traditional decorations and everybody has an altar of some sort in their house usually with a little santo nino on it and there's always a photo of the last supper. It's a staple for every Filipino household. You must have a picture of the last supper. And every kitchen has a fork and spoon which we have up on the wall. It's not as big as the usual ones. No, ours is not super big but it's beautiful nonetheless. Roasted Friday food. It's not done. I fried jupini but I had a plant version. Back in California fried jupini is like a thing you would get. I had normal restaurants and that's good. I really like the Friday plant. I love eggplants. One of my favorite dishes and Filipino eggplants. My favorite. It's again. All right. Got a mini wagyu slider. Kason is enjoying this treat. Like it's a baggy. It's soft on that. I think it's sweet and good. It's so much. It's like a nice doughy texture from the bread and you get a soft easy to achieve their texture from the wagyu unlike the steak. But it's pretty good. All right, I'll try this type of plant that Brian's raving about. He says it's the best eggplant ever. I understand why you like it. It's got a really good roastyness to it but then it's also super sweet on the inside. Not like a regular eggplant. Not since we're eating it feels only natural to talk about food. Food has been like a huge thing for us because growing up I have like a fairly conservative palate. I didn't eat a whole lot of very different things and since meeting Brian I would have to say my palate has expanded and I've tried so many things I never would have imagined. Is that chapsu? All right, so the first thing I'm going to try is the kila wind. Did I say right? It's like a booger. I know what a booger taste like. I've never even had corn beef either. I guess I'm just not a good that I would eat in my life. A plant's pusher is one and I know that seems really simple and easy but I never knew there was like six different varieties of eggplant probably more than that. Pre-azidings. Octopus right now. And also something I never would have imagined eating before I met Brian. That was really good. I've choured some of that. I don't know what this is but it's sweet and I love eggplant especially that tongue to tongue so it makes it even better. But I don't know. It's like really different. So speaking of what Kaisen just said, I think he hates growing her to speaking. Kaisen just said that he loves tortonca lung and so that is one of the other things I've learned about food with the Filipino culture. My kids have just really kind of gravitated and grown to love Filipino food so much to the point where I actually cook it fairly regularly. I learned to cook a lot of Filipino dishes because it has become a true household preference. Kaisen regularly asks me to make garlic rice and eggs scrambled eggs or over easy egg. What else? Tortonca lung, adobo, salmon adobo, sinigang is one of their absolute favorites. What else do you ask me to cook rollo? Adobo. Adobo, seasig. Oh yes they've been asking me to do so fast but that's a GMA specialty and that's something my mother-in-law can only get right for him. I need to dance back my big things because of gays and that way, that way, that way. One other thing I learned having to do with food within the Filipino culture household that I am accustomed to, it's rude to actually turn down food that's been offered to you so I think in terms of one of our recent episodes where we talked about Filipino hospitality and koya alvin and adobo judith have food ready for us when we showed up. Oh spinach pizza, creamy spinach. For us it would have been rude if we had turned down any of that food even if we had just eaten and we weren't hungry. You still have to eat a little bit of something. It's just a really, it's showing your respect to that person because obviously they work hard and they took the time to provide you with that meal or snack that they made for you so you always make sure if you're offered food by a Filipino you better eat it. Those spaghetti so many of you have learned that Filipino spaghetti is not my strongest, easiest meal to eat and sweet. I just don't can't get past sweet spaghetti sauce and I do remember one time we went to go visit Brian's aunt who is known as Nonai to the family and we go to Nonai's house and before we even walked in he said Nonai made spaghetti so you better make sure that you eat it and so I made sure I had to sit there and have a plate of Nonai's delicious spaghetti but still Filipino spaghetti nonetheless not my favorite but I did not turn it down because I did not want to be rude or hurt Nonai's feelings. Sharing meals together really helps us continue to build our relationship with our kids. It is an integral part of our family's foundation and we wish for the boys to continue this when they create their own families in the future. Happy anniversary dude. So we just got a free drink right now and stuff. On the house. Yes, on the house. Thank you. Thank you. All right so before we continue with some of the I guess things I've learned being married to a Filipino. Let's talk about our baburitos from La Picara. I'll start with... oh there is Rowan what was your favorite? Wagyu burger. The Wagyu burgers. Case in. The deep fried egg plant. Ooh so for me I don't know honestly I think those wagyu sliders were pretty darn delicious so I'm going to go with the Wagyu sliders. Next topic I want to talk about is family and one of the things I've learned about sort of being part of this Filipino family over the last several years. Respect for elders. Respect for elders has been in my perspective and from what I've seen it's a huge part of the Filipino culture. Every time we go to parties obviously there's the monopole and the blessing. The use of terms like kuiya and aate is just it's normal it's standard there's really no other way to explain it. All right you guys next to me is na kuiya. So when you guys come to have the time come see kuiya RV. Okay special guests come on in. Hey aate and and I would say like there's like a certain level of respect like people use very respectful terms and speaking to elders or people that might have some form of authority in their eyes so like ma m and sir it's just it's different. It's not something I really I guess grew up with and so I've really enjoyed and I actually I tell Bunso all the time he needs to make sure to call case and kuiya case and very often right. Another thing that I have learned in being part of my Filipino family is this is something I'm really honestly I'm totally not used to and I could say it's frowned upon to yell or use curse words and I mean yell when I say yell I mean yell like in a negative aspect so like yelling at your kids in public it's just not a thing. I don't think I've ever seen any of the aunts or uncles ever scold my kids and nor have I ever heard anybody really use curse words especially my husband he very very rarely will use foul language in front of me or even in front of the kids whereas I'm a little different I'm not so much afraid to do that. I mean I don't think I've ever seen your mom even scold you I haven't seen yeah like none of that aunts or uncles have actually yelled at their own kids or or even their spouses like that's something that um I don't know I'm just not used to I'm used to it now but I wasn't when we first started dating and got married. Multigenerational families I have learned and this is not something that's necessarily applicable to our household or our family at this point in time but I can share that I've seen through observation um multigenerational families tend to live all together all under one roof so um you know parents live with their kids who are living there with their spouses and the grandchildren and that's pretty typical from what I've seen with most Filipino families um especially as the parents tend to grow older um the kids are expected to take care of their parents the elderly is very well taken care of especially here um from what I've seen in the Philippines I don't think I've seen like a nursing home or a skilled care like facility or anything of that nature everybody is taking care of directly by their family members so I can recall that when brands and grandmother um Lola Vasili Sem and she rest in peace she stayed with each one of her children at a different period of time so everybody the kids got together and they sort of split up the duties of who was going to take care of her um next they never thought to put her in like a nursing home or any sort of care facility so since we're on the topic of anniversary love and relationships another thing that I have noticed so parents typically raise their kids to where education comes first love and relationships um obviously takes a vaccine to all of that so you need to go to school finish high school definitely go to college finish college and then maybe you should consider um relationships boyfriend girlfriend um but for the most part you should probably be moving on to your career everything else will come later that's different from what I grew up with um in the US and in the states it's not that's I would say that's not normal actually um I wouldn't say that it's necessarily encouraged but it's not discourage for kids to be in relationships in their teenage years um I will tell you in my household my boys are going to live with me forever and they're never gonna have girlfriends and wives wait what all right so that is it for our episode today on what it's like to be married to a Filipino you think there's something I forgot or maybe you're curious about you want to ask that question please drop it in the comments down below as always remember like follow and subscribe like for kuya like for bunso so lemma and he got till next time mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy mommy hold on mommy mommy wants to throw something in here I took some secret footage the other night where I was gushing about daddy and we're gonna sneak it into the end of this walk I will be married a beautiful sweet sixteen years to my amazing husband I love you so much whew honey honey wait wait wait it's our anniversary honey go to the store happy anniversary I got you a hat oh that's so nice thank you you got the cat please I got a wallways I got wallways like so you're gonna eat for our top it's been rolling I don't know whatever oh jeez hold on possible why are you always messing around I'm not messing around yes do we do we not shine we right we go for do we not shiny sorry running I was trying to stop a fly flies we are you leave me alone leave me alone we're filming okay so you