 That was about it. Good afternoon guys and welcome back to Double the reaction. So as you may know we have our travel channel at Dublin Travel. This was made as a huge thank you for a hundred thousand subscribers on that channel. If you are new here please subscribe. We are going to be doing more than just reaction. More than just reactions. We're going to be having some cooking. We're going to be having some languages learn. We're going to be talking news, talking topics, some games and of course reactions. This is sort of like a rebrand of the channel we made in January. As we're travelling we didn't have enough time to pay attention to it. So we apologise for that but now we're in quarantine. We've got time to do it. Exactly and we have been getting lots of suggestions from you. So please comment below or message us on our Instagram which is Double the Travel. Today we are going to be having a look at the India vs Philippines country comparison. So this is a good one for us because these are two of the countries that we have visited in the recent past. That makes sense. Two of them, yeah. Comprehensively travel both of them are say, how much in India wasn't enough. Have we been to the Philippines many times. So this is just like we should be experts. I don't know what you think they're going to talk about. Well this, what I was about to say was this was actually in 2018. Relatively new. Relatively new but lots of it's going to have changed which means there are going to be things that you may think aren't right now. So if that is the case do comment below so we know. So any short video is any three minutes long. So I reckon it's going to be quite short, sweet, bit snappy. I don't really know what they're going to talk about. I definitely population is going to be one. Yeah density because like many of those population density would let them buy the boat very high. Tourism may be beaches go off or okay. The economic boom I don't know if India has been there for a while. Not sure. Good things to look about. Good things to know. I hope we learn some more things. Are you ready? I like it. You're really bright and I'm really not at the minute. Right. It's good. Hello and welcome to Green Joe. I am excited about today's topic because we are going to compare India with a country that is at similar level of development. Philippines. There you go. And such comparisons are always super close. Number one. I'm not a positive. I think actually I got in there. We're actually going to do a comparison probably between the two countries ourselves. Obviously travel related on our travel channel. Yes. So maybe like I don't know give us suggestions on how you'd like us to compare it whether we have like five different points to compare. Yeah. In cost, travel, accommodation, the people. Someone recommended this and we've done this on this channel but we had planned to compare it to another time. Just they should put up. Actually subscribe. Yeah. I have done a job. Let's go. Income. I have a job. I have a job. On average. The Philippines make $8,815 per year which is around $1,000 more than what Indians earn. So they make more. So they make more. One of your Philippines. Is that those are the prices thing? No it's getting more expensive than the Philippines now though. We just saw that Filipinos earn more than Indians but that price is so good. It's okay. I'll be using it. Yeah. India's economy has been growing faster than Filipinos for the past few years. Oh. One of our Philippines is being crowned fast. According to World Bank, the strength will continue in the future. India is expected to grow at 7.3% in 2018 and accelerate to 7.5% in next year. So it's going to be a good option for the Philippines. Yeah. Philippines is expected to remain at 6.7% for both in 2000. So the boat growing pretty quick. India wins this. Or what she said was that the income was less. So where is that money going that India are going? Where is that going if they're earning less than the Filipinos? I presume it would be relative to everything. So like cost of living in India. I don't know if it would talk about that. It might be less than cost of living in the Philippines. So then things, it balances out. Balance is out, yeah. Definitely balances out. One all. Before we get to the end, what do you think? Who's going to be in the lead? I don't know because I don't know what else they're going to talk about. It completely depends, doesn't it? Depends on the topics that they talk about. I'm sure I should. Of who's going to win. You can't really say it. At one, one. Number three. Number three. Letters. I'm going to go to the Philippines. I don't know. This is one area where India is yours. Oh, there we go. Philippines. Because Philippines is big in length. It's almost universal in Philippines. Almost 97% of the population is literally. I don't know first. But then what the UK's is, they're much more literate. Yeah. Make sense, I suppose, if the English speaking were. This is so good. But the same. This means on average, people in India and Philippines can expect to live till they are 16. Okay. So it's very same. As we are unable to decide. Point eight. Yeah. We are giving one turn. Far enough. Number five. Democracy. This is interesting. According to the latest democracy index, the state of democracy is better in India. Okay. Compared to Philippines, I'm surprised. India is ranked 9th place in the world. Philippines, which was placed at 51st spot. This index measures the civil liberties enjoyed by citizens. The political culture and movement in different countries. I thought they would have been saying maybe with more cultures they would have more a lot more different cultures in India. So, it's up high. It's a dream and long. It's true. Since we saw a tie on this show. Oh wow. But I told you guys that this comparison was going to be closed. I like the footage. I like the footage. I like the footage. That was cool. That was interesting. It was only show. I have to check some of the other videos. They seem to have the Indian Railways Easter like we could talk about that as well. They got some good ones on that. I like ideas like that because it's very relative to us and what we do. As you've been to both. That is surprising. I didn't think it would be a tie. I suppose again, it was all about what topics you chose. Yes. If you chose five topics that were all about this or that. Yeah. Someone's going to win. But if you, yeah, it makes sense. No, I agree with you. The draw I expect. Yeah. I wouldn't be I wouldn't have known who was better at any of them topics. Which is pretty cool. Democracy is a different one as well. Yeah. That's a good thing to. I think. Yeah. It's an interesting thing. Thank you for recommending that one. In more Indian videos as well. To give us some more Indian suggestions, more Filipino suggestions. Maybe compare countries. Some food to cook. I was going to say, can't have any foods. If you've been in any food that we can do. For sure. So please do comment below and we will get them done. Seeing us in the UK, we are still on lockdown. Yeah. It hasn't been eased really. A little bit. We can now go to the park for a husband of yours. For a husband of yours. For a husband of yours. And some jobs are bad. How is it? Wherever you are in the world. Comment below. Let us know how quarantine is going for you. And we hope you're all staying safe as well. Of course. Of course. Yeah. If you're new around here, make sure you hit that subscribe button. Drop us a like. And keep on doubling.