 The shipping cost is super low. So if you're a Westerner or like a European, it's gonna be a joke for you. Everyone tries to scam you because they think that you're a foreigner, so you don't know anything about the country. It can be 5K a month or 100K a month depending where you live. One tries to take advantage of you because they did your money so they want you for your money. Hi guys, Judy here from Philippines. Welcome back to my YouTube channel for tonight's video. Let's talk about why foreigners are moving here to the Philippines. It's life better here. And the Philippines as a foreigner. So tonight let's talk about it with Giong from Canada who live here in the Philippines for work. So what are the pros and cons of living here in the Philippines? A foreigner. The pros that's being a foreigner, I don't think I should name them. Okay, maybe just you. Everyone sees you on like a high scale. So you could be full or as fucking people that are gonna think you're rich. So that's kind of cool. The pros as being a foreigner here. Living cost is super low. So if you're a Westerner or like a European, it's gonna be a joke for you. I'm not gonna name more pros as it's gonna become kind of like 18 plus. The cons as living here. Everyone tries to scam you because they think that you're a foreigner. So you don't know anything about the country. Other cons. Everyone tries to take advantage of you because they did your money so they want you for your money. What other cons is there about living here? That's it. The risk is all over. I just leave it in the go. Okay, give me a hand. Give me a hand. Give me a hand. Travel already here in Philippines, right? Palawan. Okay, okay. Paul, Sikoo. Okay, so where is the best place to visit in the Philippines for a while? You wanna make money? It has to be Manela. Uh-huh. If you're a worker from home, you can be anywhere in the country. It doesn't matter. But if you do business, you have to be around the body. You see stuff like that. If you're not here. You're in the provinces and nobody's here. Do you think how expensive to live here in the Philippines? It can be 5K a month or 100K a month depending where you live. Depends on what you want. And it depends on how expensive you are. Depends on how expensive you are. Depends on how expensive you are. Yeah. Okay, okay. It is the Philippines a nice place to live. Of course it is. It's a nice place to live, even for locals and for foreigners. Okay. That's why it feels like home to me. Wow, Sano. What are you doing here for living as a foreigner? I sell skincare products. I own franchises of skincare products in Makad. Really? What kind of skincare products? Oh, the brand is called One Earth Organics. You see a serum, the water ran so big. Everything needed for a model like you. What's your top five reasons why you move here in the Philippines? Locals of living. Good business market. Temperature because I hate winter. Oh, you like like so-so. Other reasons. The accessibility to everything. And agents. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, you're welcome. So Philippines is a great place to live as a foreigner because of its warm climate. Friendly people, welcoming culture, and affordable cost of living as a foreigner. And there are many positive aspects of living here in the Philippines for an expert. But even experience one, find it hard or difficult to adapt to live here in the Philippines. So how about you? I love to know what your thoughts about living here in the Philippines as a foreigner. Feel free to comment down below. That's it guys. Thank you for watching. See you on my next video.