 Welcome to What's Up Philippines! Hey guys, I'm Mike and I'm Nelly. We do travel food and lifestyle vlogger's based in Makatis City, the Philippines. And we are coming at you with a series of Filipino Christmas ad reaction videos. A lot of you guys sent us videos to react to. And today we are correcting this like a fourth video. Fourth video doing this. It is the most wonderful time of the year, at least. Well. According to the song. According to the song. It's the most wonderful time of the year. But Christmas in the Philippines is very very special. We experienced it last year. Here in Manila and it was out of this world. So many emotions. Not in Manila. Out of this world. I was really really good. So I'm already looking forward to it. And yeah, that's why. I can see something there that I really... It looks like the Christmas village. No, it looks like the... It's a lantern festival. Maybe it's somewhere in Pampanga. Maybe. So what are we reacting to? I don't know. Okay. So first one is called Silent Christmas. Okay. Alright, who's the first one from? I don't know. We'll see. Without further ado, I think that's jumping to the video. Okay. But before we start. Hit that subscribe button to notifications to support us on the adventure. And help my reach 100k on Instagram. We are going to sing and perform for you a Filipino song once he hits 100k. Yes. Yeah. Okay. But now. Let's do this. Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Lots of family pictures. Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Sweetly in heavenly peace Silent night, holy night Shepherds quaint At the side, close the street The sun is shining The sun is shining The sun is shining The sun is shining The sun is shining The sun is shining We have not thought it's a phone ad Nope, wow It wasn't expecting this outcome Yeah, very dramatic, wow Oh my god, wow That was not expecting it Intense, but it looked like it was a phone ad It looked like the Christmas village where we went last year It's called the Polypacio Street It's in Mandaluyang if you missed that video, pop up right here It was this little neighborhood decorated with Christmas lights And there were food stalls everywhere, people singing It was the right we thought we were in the wrong spot Because it was just an alley But then 7 o'clock everything lit up Yeah, it was so nice, such a nice atmosphere There were people singing I think there was also a band watching in the neighborhood So nice, such a touching and lovely experience Yeah, cute one Really, really good I think I prefer the ones with real people, with a surprise Yeah, I think these were real people, with real people But we had one episode where it was with actors It didn't have the same feel Oh my god These Christmas ads are... Oh yeah Guys, if you have any more of these Christmas ads or any other videos you think would be cool for us to react to Just head on over to making it happen vlog And there is an underline on Instagram Send us a private message And while you're over there, why don't you give us a follow What was your favorite Christmas event of last year? Probably the lantern festival The lantern festival? We're talking about the Christmas episodes that we found here in the Philippines There was a really nice one, but I have to say I think the best day was for me when I met Santa Claus Oh I was the happiest kid in town Because Santa Claus lives in the Philippines So it's good to just pop by and say hi Yeah Yeah, right there? Yeah, okay Guys, if you want to get the thumbs up, subscribe if you're new to our Northern Artificals And we'll see you next time on What's Up to the Feeds Bye-bye Come ye, come ye to Bethlehem Come and behold him Born the king of angels Come let us adore him Come let us adore him Come let us adore him Christ the Lord Sing choirs of angels Sing in exaltation Sing all your citizens of heaven above Glory to Christ In the highest Come let us adore him Come let us adore him Come let us adore him Christ the Lord Sing choirs of angels