 They got a senior citizen line to make Donalds. Yeah, now we need something like that though. They probably got their own parking spots. Oh, I don't fucking spot it. That's amazing. What's good, y'all? This is Dumb Shots React and we're back with another video. Who we got today, see? Today we're back with another American reaction. Yeah. So we're excited about this video, guys. If you're new to us and we're new to you. Make sure you scroll down. Hit that subscribe button. And turn on the post notification bell because we're on the road to 100 K. And we cannot get there without you guys. All right, join the family without further ado. Let's get into the video. Teams takes respect for their elders very seriously. The other day I saw a line at Burger King specifically for senior citizens. At a Burger King, you would never see that in America, especially at a fast food burger restaurant. It struck me like a light bulb. If you listen closely around the streets of Manila or the Philippines, you'll hear words like These words are meant for respect purposes. Paul is basically Mr. and Mrs. Cuyah is used for when you're talking to an older male and Octay is used for when you're talking to an older female. In English, we have no words for this. I don't call my sister Rachel, Octay Rachel or Mrs. Rachel. I call her Rachel. Even further, it's common for grandchildren to ask for the hand of their grandparents when they walk into the house for them to place that hand on their forehead as a sign of respect. It's called the Manopal. And I actually made a video about this a couple months ago and it did quite well on Facebook. My point is that the children know to X for the hand to be signified as the show respect. Yes, but that's the same thing like when we see our grandparents and we go and we kiss them on a cheek. That's the same thing. Yes, sign of respect. I didn't know that one that way. That's what we do. They got a senior citizen line and make donals. Yeah, now we need something like that though. They probably got their own parking spots. I don't have parking spots. That's amazing. We don't have senior citizens parking spots. They have employee of the month. What? No, I was thinking they do have the handicap but they don't have senior citizens. You gotta go through the government to get that sticker. Yeah, no, license, motor vehicles. I did see everything. What? Oh God. Okay. A beanstakes respect for their elders very seriously and I think that's a pretty cool aspect of their country but I actually wondered like why do they take this seriously? Well, it's culture. It's deeply rooted in Filipino culture to take care of your elders, to take care of your parents and I also think that it has something to do with how family oriented the Philippines is as well. It's somewhat common in America to put your parents in an old age home when they get older but here it's common for the parents to come and live with the children when they get older. They care more about the family. They have that old time in a lab which is basically translated to a debt of gratitude. While in America, we might forget what our parents did for us. They do not forget but their parents did for them here. That's not necessarily true about Americans though. We don't forget because some of us just naturally have a heart and we know how to be to people. Not distance or be unaccepted. Like that's not all the way true. Right. I'm not putting my parents in the nursing home. No. They come and stay with us. Come on. But those always open. Yeah, but I feel like when he is basically letting us know is that in the Filipino culture, everyone is expected. Everybody is expected to do it. Here, we push individualism so much. So you may have one person's family who is very family-oriented. And the next person's family is just dysfunctional and nobody want to be around nobody. So yeah, I appreciate it. How y'all do with dysfunctions? Do you still like say, you know what? Forget about it. You still can come with me. I'll do you any take care of me when I was younger. I don't know. There's a good question. I would like to know what y'all doing. Philippines. And this term, this utang na'lao bit, it runs deep. It's not just, I'm going to pay you back later or it's not just like a debt that you have. This is like a togetherness. This is like you're sort of bound to someone's soul. You know, this isn't just like, oh, I'll get you later. I'll pay you back five bucks. No, this is a deeper togetherness that runs as deep as anything in life. Carrying is sort of like a huge Filipino trade, if you think about it. And I know Americans care too, but it doesn't run that deep. You know, it tends to not run that deep. I had someone travel four hours. Someone who didn't know me. He traveled four hours to come and see me at a meetup the other day. I've had people who just met me, you know, throw out the table for me and place tons and tons of food on the table in front of me. Five seconds after shaking my hand. This is a country that cares, actually. It sounds Southern. You think? Yeah, that's what we do. I hear in Louisiana. Oh, the Filipino sounds Southern. What, that individual sounded like that. Like you would go to somebody else, especially if there's a real big family I want to type of home. And they're going to have some food I'll be waiting for you. Right? Did you eat sweetie? Baby, you got to some good food coming. Let me come and say, yo, go play. Yeah. I'm not hungry. That's why a lot of like Americans like Concy and when we react, then we can't relate because we are from the south. You know, we're big on hospitality. We're big on respect. We're big on a lot of us are big on family. We are. So that's why we can't relate to a lot of things when they're like Americans, not this. Yeah. Yeah, not all of us. You know, in that same time, it's like with us, whereas like if you don't understand a person's culture, you're still going to run into a good person. Because they're heart. You know what I mean? Some people naturally have those type of hearts where no matter how you are to them, they're going to always want to be giving it. You know, so there's just some people I hear like that. And they usually get stepped on. And all type of stuff, but they. Yeah. Hares. And that's one of the big reasons why I've continued to stay here. The fact that I want to stay here for longer. What do you think about this? Do you think that showing too much respect can go too far? Did you learn something new? Did you like it? Please let me know in the comments section below. Thank you all so much for watching. That is a good culture to have. It's beautiful. You know, because when people just think they're parents in a nursing home don't go visit them. That ain't right. Or whenever you see someone that's that's homeless inside the road and they're healthy. What a mom and what a grand baby. What a family family. Like how did that happen? How did you get to that point? That's not enough hate in the world that you should be able to be in position to say, you know, I'm just going to allow you to suffer. Right. That's just not enough. I don't know about it. Right. Well, this was a good introduction to Filipino culture. I say, I say introduction, but this is not a Filipino introduction. We did Filipino country. Like two years ago. So it's nice that you're all making your way back. Commercials, comedians. To here. Yeah, we got a track sheet. Yes. So we hope you guys enjoyed this video with this. Like this video. Subscribe. Turn on the post notification bill. We have a neighborhood that are super things to see. Like support the channel that way. That's what our joint feature to become a VIP member of the channel. Sitting your reaction request through our description box below will season. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace.