 Hi guys, welcome back to Juicy React, thanks for clicking on the video today. I think we may have hit 100k by the time you're watching this. If we're close, please subscribe to the channel if you can help us out. If we have hit 100k, thank you so much for all your support. If we subscribe anyway. Today we've got a part two. This is why Americans love Filipino culture. We did the part one. Go back on the channel, check that one out. If you haven't seen part one because this is like linking on from that. If you want to send us anything to react to, please give us a follow on Instagram. Send us a message over there because that's what we're doing. We get all our requests from. If you like daily vlogging, vlogs are main YouTube channel where it all started. The Juicy vlog, it's linked below in the description. Please go follow us there, check out our other videos as well if you enjoy that kind of thing. We're going to get straight to this one. I haven't said a word yet George. I've got nothing to say apart from let's go. Alright, alright, well you can do the outro. I can't treat you. See something on TV. You can kill each other. No, I love the Filipinos. They are the sweetest, most kind people. They're so welcoming, so receptive. They're always willing to help other people around them. And they're always saying that. We always say saying that. Always giving you food every single day. It's not food. It's not food snack. Or full on meal if they can. They just, they love to help other people. They're so generous. They have so little. Because they have so little, when they have, they give what they have. They give to other people. And they're just so concerned about you. And they're so cute. They're so shy. They are terrified to speak English and mess up. But they are so friendly, especially to Americans. They love Americans. They love the white skin, the different hair colors. They're fascinated by freckles. I don't know how much now. Because Americans have been there for a while. But they're just so cute and friendly. They love them. So amazing. Definitely one of the best parts of the mission is getting to know the people and the culture there. And really embracing the culture that's there. Because I feel like sometimes it's easy to just want to know, I have my culture. You have yours and try to keep yourself separate. But I personally loved that my trainer was like, no, you need to really try to adapt to our culture and try to take on our culture. And I think that helps me a lot. Because I understood my investigators at a deeper level and I was able to help them more. Because I was willing to really understand and live the way that they lived. So there's anything I've learned from the Philippines, people, it's friendliness. They're everyone studying the same thing. Yeah, the first thing I was saying. Yeah. Really friendly. Sometimes I was really friendly. You're walking down the street. Anybody will be eating. If you see someone eating while you're walking down the street, they'll call out to you. Go on, go on, go on, go on. They want you to come eat with them. You can just be polite. That's OK, but they're very friendly. Everyone says hi. Everyone greets you. Yeah. They're smiling all the time. So yeah, just learn how to be friendly. The Filipino smile is a thing. It's a real thing. Everything about them. I don't know. The people are probably my favorite, just because going in, kind of like I said earlier, I was really scared. And I didn't know the language I was in is speaking. I didn't know anybody there. But they just, they accept you so quickly. And I feel like I learned a lot about loving people from them that they didn't care where you came from. They didn't care why you were there, but they loved you anyways. And they'd share anything with you, even though they were a lot of times short for themselves and their family. But they would give anything that they could, just because of who they were. And that was probably my favorite thing about the Philippines. But I mean, it's a beautiful country, even though I didn't serve in the tropical beaches or anything like that. It was so beautiful in it. It really opened my eyes too. When do I think of being? Yeah. It's not that people love things that they've got to remember. And it's so beautiful. And they call fun. Like, animals I've never seen before. And they eat food I've never eaten before. And like, just like experiencing something completely different was really going to experience. And it was very life-changing, I guess, too. And I mean, and even just like the little things, like the way they get around, like, transportation is so much different. It's like mostly public. People, like I said, don't really own their own cars. And so, like, they take taxes and take you. And they better kind of, like, old military, like, jeeps. And they just open the back out and you just kind of squish yourselves in. And you know, and they have people, like, taxis. So, like, little bike, and you hop on. And then take it around. So everything was just so different. The language was great, too. Like, I've never even heard of it. And it's such a unique sound. But it's like so beautiful to me now, because, like, I got the opportunity to learn it and to live, like that very year and a half, that it was a really unique experience, but it was so great. And she's low. And she's low, yeah. The culture is great. The Filipinos are the best, I think, in the world. They have, because they're a third world country, they're very humble and very nice. And because they're also humble, and they live in such humble circumstances, they're willing to share the world with you. And even though the world may not seem like a lot to somebody coming from out of their country, it's a lot to them. One of the cultural things is Filipinos will never eat the last thing on the plate. If you have some food out, they'll never eat the last rice. They'll always be there for somebody else, because they're caring and they're thinking of others. Same thing, if you come into their home and you look thirsty, even if they don't have, like, juice or something, they'll go out and buy some juice with, like, whatever they have and share it with you. They're just in there, the nicest people to get. In a way, then. Yeah. They're in there. They're in there. They're in the red course. They have a lot of roasteros. They're in the red course. They have a lot of that Asian kosher. But they're also third world, so they're very, very humble and very respectful and all the year. They're just the nicest people ever. You don't really get your door slammed in your face ever because they're so nice. You will have people turn you down. And especially in the city, it gets a little bit more. People are a little bit more busy, so they're a little bit more edgy and they're a little bit more harder to get into the home. But with Filipinos, you almost always get a first appointment. Like, when you knock doors, you almost always be able to walk in their door. The problem is, this is the second and third time. They are so concerned about your feelings and how you feel. They don't want to turn you down, so they'll either just hide or avoid you and try to not make contact rather than tell you from like, hey, we're not interested in the hospital right now. They're just like, oh, you know, that's cool. But I got to go to my grandma's or whatever. And they'll make excuses. They'll be very polite. So sometimes you have to kind of feel that out and kind of feel where they are and just kind of understand where they're coming from. They're too nice to say no. Basically, they're just really happy. That can be a really good thing for missionary work because sometimes they're just so easy going that when you set appointments, you can go and you can have those appointments in there great. But sometimes that becomes a bad thing because then they can admit. Like, if you ask them, like, oh, will you read the book of Mormon? They'll be like, yes, of course, I'll read the book of Mormon. You're the best. I'll read everything. And then you come back the next day and you're like, so did you read and they're like, oh, I totally didn't. And they're just committing basically to help please you and help you feel better about yourself. Not because they're actually committed to I think we're just people. I think so. Yeah. But also kind of makes it a little harder than we have an understand where they're coming from and their point of view. So it's, they're really nice, really good people, but sometimes you just gotta work with them and kind of be just straight and be like, hey, look, we don't like your person you have feelings. How do you feel about this? And they'll be honest, they're really nice. Like I said, though, I've literally seen Filipinos like stop what they're doing and come help the missionaries. A lot of times you'll get people who don't know you out in the coming time. We're not something in the beach. They'll be writing everyone's time to help you. I'm talking to you, Lane, try to get your next appointment. Somebody will pull over. Oh, there's jump in and you're like, all right. So you get on their little farm tractor or whatever it is they're driving at the time. And yeah, so I'm like, so are you a member? Like how did you know where elders are like, nah, the elders just taught me once back like four years ago and they were really nice. So I'm saying, guys, walk and I thought, it's too hot to walk. And they're just super nice that way. So super, super hospitable and all ways possible. Yeah. I would have to say they're very cheerful for the most part and they're very resilient, very adapted. They live a very hard lifestyle. Half the time they never know where their next meal's coming from. Are they going to get a next meal? You'll get hurricanes coming through. We had two in a period of two weeks at one point because massive flooding destroyed homes. I don't know about casualties. I didn't get to hear on that. But I mean, they live in a very dangerous place. If the weather doesn't get them illness as well, if that doesn't get them, then there's the militant factions that come out of the mountains and kill people just because there's a very difficult place to live. Life is incredibly hard. And yet they are very cheerful. They're very optimistic. They're very happy. They look for the sunny side of things quite a bit. I was amazed at how resilient they were. You'd see the children playing. And they were just as happy as can be playing with bottle caps. They'd find games to play with bottle caps. Something that we would throw away without even thinking about it, they would play with for hours. They had a blast with them. They would play with a matchbox. They would divide it into spaces and save spiders and put them in. They would play with spiders and let them crawl in their hands. They would try and get them to bite their fingers. Not my favorite thing, but it was amazing what they could do to find enjoyment in life. They didn't have to have fancy things. Not that they would have turned them down if they had the option, I imagine, but they didn't need them. And they were a very feeling and a very believing people. They're very religious. It's a predominantly Christian nation. But they are very big on living their religion, at least according to their understanding. They feel things very deeply. They're very deeply feeling people. And so it's really actually quite easy to help them feel the spirit. Because they look for it. That's kind of how they live their lives according to the way they feel and the impressions they get and things like that. It's not a very secular society in that regard where they live by logic. It's more long lines of, does it feel right? Does it feel good? Does it ring true? And so in that respect, we had a lot of success as missionaries in bringing people to begin a testimony. And they were the most caring and giving people I've ever met to strangers. You'll be walking past somebody's house and they'll invite you in for dinner. Just because you walked by. They'll give you the shirt off their back. They'll help you. They'll do anything they can to help you there. Incredibly kind and just very giving. There were many times where we would be walking by and they would invite us in for dinner. Sometimes we would accept. Sometimes we couldn't because we were on a way to someplace else. But by and large, they were very, very kind. And they would watch out for us. They would warn us. They would do anything they could to help us. As I said, they believe that we were doing God's work. Even if we didn't belong to their church, they believe that we were serving him and that deserved respect. And so they were very respectful towards us. And they were just incredibly kind. I don't think you could meet a kinder bunch, at least in my mission area. I'd have to say, you know, by and large, you know, at least in that area, it was that was their defining characteristic. Book hole it is known as the city of smiles because the people are incredibly friendly. I think they were the same. I don't know if they know each other or not. Yeah, well, it's separate people. I love how that kindness and the openness and stuff is the one thing that everyone picks up on. Yeah. We've said it in videos. We've said it when we first came here, we noticed the people. You remember the people, you think about the people more than the scenery and the beaches and the islands and stuff. That's what you take away. That's what you remember. The really interesting stuff. It's really interesting to see other foreigners talking about similar experiences that we've had here. Obviously they're doing something totally different than we do here. We just travel around. But it's interesting to see that some of the things they say, we definitely noticed. Exactly. Yeah, we've experienced ourselves as well. Really, really cool. Thanks for recommending that one, guys. If you want to send us anything else, send us much more of this to Graham. Give us a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it. George, I've been doing the outro. Give us a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Subscribe if you're new, subscribe to our daily fucking channel, the GC vlog link below. And we'll see you in the next GC breakfast. Bye, guys.