 Alright so we just walking here guys at Malati. So we are going to Robinson Mall. Hopefully it's around 3 o'clock. And after none and we didn't eat yet. So we're going to Robinson Mall for breakfast. So we don't know what to eat yet. Probably sandwich with coffee. So yeah this is Jam Mallati which is used to crazy before. A lot of people here before. Now it's like kind of empty. So welcome to Mallati. This is like Mallati walking straight. But at walking straight I was finding that pole in that straight. That is walking straight. Yeah. So this is the area you're in Mallati. You feel like you're in the hangout in the bus? Yeah. You have a lot of bus and then it's been closed for almost three years now. But some of the bus are open. Food is allowed. Food is allowed so they converted it into restaurant. We got a license for it to operate and restaurant and then they do other things. Inside. And they recover a bit. Ah yeah. A lot of store are closed also. And right now Manila is level 4 I think. A level 3. Omega one that is named Omega one. Omega one. So we need to be careful guys. We need to go out. Don't forget that we always wash our hands. Use face mask, facial. It's not easy to hide. It's difficult and you have a COVID guys. It's not easy. So we need to be careful. How are you guys? Okay. That's in the water. Yeah, I'm gonna look at that. So this one is in the middle of the pool. So this is the middle of the pool. It's closed now. It's open at night time. It's only night time in the open. It's open probably but the only thing that lights at night. Yeah. Yeah. The side is closed. I'm gonna be careful. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna go straight. I'm gonna go straight. I'm gonna go straight. Crap! Don't worry. Will you do it? I'll help you right away. I keep on playing. Hey. Full of sweet and not too much for you. No parking, cut cut. Now, yeah. So the dollar is 51, 125 so it's getting up, getting up. I wish it was this rate when I bought the car. Wow. I would have made at least a million pesos. Well, right. That time it was 46 to 7. Oh, they only gave me like 42, 14, like that. Wow. Thanks a thief. The bank's a thief. Even the rate was 46, they're going to give you only 10,000. Do you see right? So they make money from yours? They make money both ways. Yeah. And they exchange rate and then you transfer the charge for the wiring. You want to buy this one? Yeah, I'm going to buy this one. This one, banana peel. Yeah. Do you want to buy a new one? Yeah. Okay. Get this. Tell them, man. They're going to buy for this factory. They're going to buy this one? Yeah. They're going to buy this. Yeah. They're going to eat now. Yeah. They're going to eat. Yeah. Just tell them ask if you can open it. Good, good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do I have a lot of things to do when we're out of here today? I want, yeah, I want. 20 pieces of banana So, 20 pieces for 2 pieces of banana This is how you call this, how you call this banana This is the other kind of banana guys What is this? Bright banana, coated sugar? Yes Yes, it's good, right? Yeah It's a traditional sheet, it's good for the raw banana It's a proper formula, they have it in a big, very big problem What? You have to pay less money The two kinds of banana, the other one is the raw fruit This one that we caught once or for This one? Yes It's green now This is a black banana, it's kind of a blue meat, right? You like it? Yes I don't know, this is a black banana, it's a little bit eaten It was a little... I don't know It was a little bit Then you pay you, right? Six So we'll get banana peel, we call it this banana peel Yes sir, thank you Thank you In, yes, yes, yes Next time Bright banana What's your one, huh? What's your one? Bright banana peel Yes, we'll straight Okay, buy it, where is it? No, this is just trying to ask me if it's really the better idea, if it's really the better Is it the better idea? Sir, banana peel What is it? What is it? It's already here, I know it's the better idea Okay How many banana trees do you try this? No, you never try, no He's up for you Because he's going, you know He appears to eat sugar, because he's not good for him sugar He's not good for what I like Yes, it's like, you know, you like it, but it's not just that Not like that, you're just forcing yourself to eat sugar Otherwise you love sweet You love cake Hey So this is the Vincent Mall. We need to show our vaccination card guys before you can come inside. So we are going to check first guys if we have a baguette because in this one friend's baguette they always want the baguette. So the baguette is the one that we use for tuna sandwich and ham sandwich sandwich and egg sandwich. So yeah we used to buy from here friends liquor. All right so I think we have a good one. So we always buy from here friends liquor. The baguette. This is the smaller one yeah. And the other is the lighter one. So we have mini baguette and also have the big one. So that's it for today's vlog guys so thank you so much for watching guys. See you another one. Bye.