 Can you guess gonna fall? Aloting yung utaku dona, ka? Right. Regardless of your skin color, your height, your status in life, basta mabay it ka, yung masi ko ang taka. Naka sa buhay. Tao. Ya. Hi, Mangasaya and Noi. Welcome back to the Winning Down podcast. So for today we wanted to do something different. So, Kagina, we were looking at different videos. We're talking about something good to talk about, something that relates to your topics, from the past videos. So, Ayon, we wanted to do a reaction video for that. So, Laban. Tara. Ayon, the video is what's the ideal beauty standard in the Philippines? Let's see. You can see the diversity among Filipinos just don't look so long. It's Chinese, Malay and Spanish influences among many others. So, with that being the case, what does consider beautiful to Filipinas? A tan or fair complexion? Did I prefer skinny or full-figured? We wanted to know so we asked Filipinas to find out. Any of the ideal facial features? Seguru yung anay yung symmetrical yung distance sa pagitana maa, ice, nose, again. Mapayat yung mula, tapas. Yung nili, kita yung eye bags gana. Farang bright yung mukan nila, gana. Sinket, maganda yung shape ng kila, potangos yung ilong, ko lang pimples gana. Mediopointa d'unos, or meron shaw and round ice. Morena skin, potapos yung matanang Filipinas. Disha chini, tayo ndirood siya, masadom ala kayo. Matangos ko ilong, tapos. Maaputi po honte, tais. Maasigit, singet yung matay yung nangpok. Anyo ideal, heightened, weight mo? Paiklang, nang berlang. Nang berlang, yung canina, yung pale na girl. Sabi niya, gusto niya, yung fur na ideal, yung morena. Yung morena, gusto niya, whiter. Basing nga koments in our videos, it's like, I think it's really deep-seed. You want something, you want to look different from what you are. I mean, I think someone, I'm not sure who explained it. It's more so like a human thing. So that's why kaya, komak sabi, if ever, you know, let's say, Filipinas or more into, just say, for example, whiter skin. If you look at the other, you know, aspect of it, let's see, mga european, from our Americans, nang pataning lotion, nang pataning salanant, all, it's more or less the same thing, but I guess, I want kora lang haba. That's what I noticed in this video alone within the Philippines. So my channel, it's resting lang. It's talking. Yeah, I mean, they also kept mentioning high-bridge nose. Oh, yeah. Basically, like, non Filipino noses, right? I don't think anyone in this video has a high-bridge nose. So far, I don't know. It is interesting though that one of them said, ground eyes, the other one said, sanitis, but it's still one high-bridge noses. So I guess there's different types, even within there. Like, you would normally consider high-bridge noses like European. Yeah, yeah. But it gets slanted eyes in the region. So it's more so Korean actually, which might be like an effect of the k-pop, you know, craze. That's actually happening around here. Yeah, it's a lot. It's a lot very interesting. Interesting to see. Mm-hmm. For me, because of the camera, I'm really happy. So I want to know how high-bridge is. And then in the weight, I want to know how high-bridge is. I'm going to be able to see high-bridge. And then in the weight, it's quite 43. If you're able to see high-bridge, you can see it's quite 5'4", 5'5". That's what I'm saying. It's quite 48, 46. The ideal height is around 5'5'5'7". Then your ideal weight is it's quite 130. That's what I'm saying. 5'7", that's what I'm saying. Because I'm really happy. I'm really happy to see it. And then, I'm really happy to see it. Because if it's too high, it's about 70. It's about 70. It's about 70. I'm really happy to see it. But it's still a bit different. I'm really happy to see it. What's the ideal body shape that you want to shape? It's a bit like when you're in a Filipino, you're really happy to see it. It's like an athletic body that's really visible in the text. It's like a shabby curve. You know what I'm saying. I'm really happy. The shoulders and the bust area are defined. And then, the waist is defined. What's the best preferable? It's a bit like a tie. Because it's natural in the Philippines, in the Philippines. Because when you're in a Filipino, you don't have to have it. When you're in a Filipino, I'm really happy. It's a bit like a tie. So, Jenner. That's right. We're all in a very light. No? I know that. I'm just trying to check exactly what she said. I mean, I mean, I just... I guess it's a meaning. It just feels like... Ha. Well, okay. So, the comment is not here. And I think, you know, growing up here, I heard that like a lot. And honestly, no, I really didn't like... understand why the mindset is like, for example, it's like, let's say I had a very pale classmate. Classmate. And then, it's like, you know what? It's just like this. For example, kite, itemsha, it's like, ha. Is that a... I know, thank you, but I'm not already got it. But until now, right? Like, Mejyo, that's kind of... where I'm coming from, where I think sometimes, that people see, if you're white, it's superior. So, you're saying like, let's say, even if, let's say, for example, you're ugly, but you're white. So, the white is being used in like a positive life. And then, if my team, you know, it's like, kite, my team, you're still pretty, so the right team, my team is used in the negative. So, it's like, I don't think, personally, that should be the case, because, I'm quite, regardless of your skin, right? What's inside, char? No, but like, I don't think skin color, has anything to do with beauty, in my opinion, right? Plus, if you go outside to European countries, Tanner complexions, they're considered more beautiful or more like, attractive. So, it's kind of, it's kind of funny how, it's completely opposite. Of course, you know, it's, it's stem from the, wanting to be different, but I'm sure there's like, at our cultural reasons behind it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yes. I mean, we saw Kabadis a lot in the past videos, but just to, I'm sure that, I'm sure that, I'm just saying that, it's like, it's just a little bit, right? It's just a little bit, right? It's just a little bit, right? Now it's better. Now it's better, we're more accepting you to, more in our culture, more in our movement. But, the, the, the, the, if someone says, oh my, I'm going to go to the other side, I think, I'm going to go to the other side, go to the other side, I think, so, it's just a little bit, that's just my thoughts. Yeah, it's a good point that you brought up, because this was actually four years ago, this video. Yeah. Five years. Yeah. Exactly. Because, you know, the way YouTube does the timing. But, one thing, you know, that we want to bring up, and the one right, everyone is that we actually have a, a YouTube community page. And so, you're thoughts are other things you want to react to, please make sure to join our, you know, subscribe and join our community page. And, you know, we'll always have polls and stuff there. Yeah. And we're going to have a Facebook community soon. So, you know, so, you know, so, the folks in the community that you guys want to have, you know, you to, you prefer Facebook for conversations like this. So, I'm going to go to Facebook, and I'm going to go to the other side, and I'm going to join Go! So, I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Sure. Thank you. I'm going to go. You know, the definition of beauty is, if you have a flawless, and then you have a good look, good look, because I'm a team-po, I'm going to get my voice, so that you can achieve your goal. You know, that's what you're going to do. You know, that's what you're going to do. That's what you're going to do. But, I'm happy about my school. Because we're here, we're here, we're here, since we're in a Filipino style. It's cool, it's cool. Because we're here to have fun and we're here. It's cool, because we're protecting ourselves from anger. I'm going to go there, because I know I just want to advance when I'm really good at it. Because I'm being here, when I'm really good at it. It's cool. I'm going to be a good person because I'm just on skin color. On TV, on TV. So, you're going to Philippines Beauty. In the school there are the natural look. Tito ka separang mas ina-advertise panilay ang pagiging mapute kediyo mga madame na papaglutang namin ang papain jaxialito ka sa pagiging tan? I'm actually some marketing in the island naman sa commercial siyusuali papamok asa yung marketers na ano na ang pangat mo so you have to be like this, you have to be like that so ganon parang there's a thing a-new standard ko ang parma of your product ka sa kaila ay mepere ka talaga 100, 100 yon ba ang mga nubiuti Indian man natin kasi likaya ko si mebajat sila tayo na tayo na tayo mag-budgeti di ba? Hello, hello oh, di bahasi what do you passilola? like, on tito siya sa skinya but like, yung sinakasi glasses na sabi niya ito kasi may privileged, you know if you're white and then the good at tayo and for me, I agree with her because it's my experience and you know it can be different for other people because not everyone thinks like that but I guess it's why we iterate her point because there was some that says ah, you maapin noise, golem, kaming pakikong ano yung kula you maapasta ano which can be true but you know, for my experience it's not usually the case ba sa kapa ganon makotika mas, you know, mas magandata I mean, there's also like a difference between your conscious actions and your unconscious actions I feel like generally, unconscious actions tend to lead to better treatment of lighter or wider people here at least like, so maybe consciously everyone thinks oh, everyone's equal but unconsciously it's not this case India, no, her stems from the culture that's already like, in green other things, I mean, one other thing is like I think she's already gone through her phases yeah, you know, and so maybe the tangga plana yeah, so she's already confident in herself and a lot of times when you're a teenager it's hard to be confident so it's easier to be susceptible to all the wanting except that's a good point about all of the choice or everyone could feel whatever the choice is, I'm happy that she's confident go low on skin, go low on skin what about you? I'm not sure if it's in the TV commercial that's what's going on in the TV commercial because in the commercial, in the TV it's the whole fair that we're talking about because you know, that's what you want in the TV you know, in the TV, you want to be healthy because you're already a lot of people you're not the only one who's healthy who's a female celebrity who's an idol, who's a woman who's an illustrator because you know, you know, you're a body figure and your body is like a school even though you're a professional you're a professional you're a professional the only thing you can do is you're a professional sorry what are your features that you want simply like that and even if you don't have a makeup you're just like that and your deals back at C.I because in the summer, there's a skin color it's really cool the name is and Curtis Smith so that's his partner I'm going to buy him a good card because he's really good can you get your boss I'm really good at loading so I'm really good at loading because he has a shower because he has a skin color but the reason why he has skin color is that way because he has a shower and then the way she said her name she likes the last name she likes the last name yeah yeah yeah I mean, to be honest, I wouldn't even say like that's unique here because not only when we were like it's an angiorea-yapa because we were in like a international school there were also foreigners as well I know a lot of my friends who wanted to be like who were, you know, looking at white people somehow the same way as well right? so it's not like you know, unique to anything but you're long like when you look at it from here the pink Sabinya because she's half and when I was growing up I noticed like when I was watching like, you know, movies or whatever a lot of the Maratista but when you're half like, you can tell that you're obviously not, you know, there's like have American or European or whatever and now you used to be like a common thing so of course if you're like, you know, tan, Filipino or Filipino who's watching that and that's like what's been shown as the beauty standard it's like, you know, it's like I'm with Lang but what's wrong with me like, I'm with Lang I remember also before like, before though like, in the 1960s because I don't know why I was watching those type of movies the artist has then here you're pure Filipinas very tan, very thin nightalaga and they were very I'm not sure why the industry switched from pure, I mean, in that there's some issue being half but now to, you know, half. I think it's because my opinion at least I think what happened was there was some, so before then there wasn't as many mixed Filipinas or they were like, you know, you know, brought up but then people started, you know, it sort of became a trend people started to like the look of the mixed Filipinas and because of that it's slowly more and more promoted and the ones who performed well tended to be mixed, right? and so maybe the industry was just following the trends yeah, I think one thing I wanted to bring up was like, I think, you know, regardless of like, you know, cultural stuff, I think people like are more interested in people who are different from other people who are like, something that gives them like a genetic edge I don't mean this like, just for like half-white or half-white like anything that's like different, right? in any situation you're like, oh, I wish I had that because people are just insecure, right? there's also that aspect of, you know, insecurity within yourself about who you are and what you want to be, right? for what you want to do with your life, right? and so I think that also is a place of big role here. especially since they're adolescent girls. yeah. and we actually do some interviews with another half-Filipina in a video that we're going to link into the description. we interviewer, we talk about her experience trying to become an aspiring at Teesta here and not, and anyways, we felt that it was kind of, you know, related to this video because she tends to have, you know, a lot of people had different things to say about the video and what she said. yeah, make sure to check it out guys. so so I'm going to stop I'm going to stop I'm also going to forget the like, what is it? it's not like you're going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the other features. if you're going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the half-breed of the video, what's going to happen to you because it's going to be the same as British because I'm going to say that the same thing is going to happen to you and the same thing. how much is it? it's American. that's right. I'm going to stop and I'm going to stop Korean. because the other things are going to be the skincare products of Korean you're going to use the Philippines, you know? because of the of the other things we have in the other things that are going to be the same. because I want I want to use this because I'm not able to do that. that's what I'm going to do. what's the part of the Philippines' beauty that's going to be the proudest? the eyes because I'm not even Chinese blood anymore. the most I'm going to use the Filipino blood because I'm cold. that's right. because I'm very nice and beautiful. because it's going to be different because it's not going to be I mean, I'm going to use the other things that are going to be the over all qualities. I am. because I'm not good at it. I'm going to use the values. I'm not able to do that. but to be able to do that. I'm going to use the other things that are going to be the right now. how do you find your answers? and what's the I have a trouble of thought. I'm going to use the other things because it all started with them saying, they prefer to be white and then they will see the background and they will be proud of it. and they will be able to use the other things that are going to be the video I want to but at the end of the day, the girls are the last super-aggressive that's what inside inside that matter regardless of color, your height, your status in life. but it's a lot of things that are going to be the best. I think that's important. I have a couple of thoughts. One thing is when they're asking about, you know, what sort of half-read you'd want to be right? and they mention the American. I thought I was such an odd. I understand that most of the time you think of American, you think of like a white American like my dad. For example, there's also a lot of other Americans. American is just a citizenship. It's not necessarily like they're not necessarily white. They're different kinds of American. Because you know, here people think, I'm not saying general, but there's some people think American but technically, America's like a mixture of a big melting pot. That's a big melting pot. That's a big melting pot. That's a big melting pot. I guess the other thing I was going to bring up was the girl who, when she was asked what she was talking about her skin, right? She said, oh, because I'm Miranda. Because Miranda is the new beautiful. I feel like that's more indicative, not of her, but more so of, I think, culture here. I don't want to say it, like, in a sort of general term, because I know it's hard. It's kind of bad when you generalize. But a lot of people I know tend to just say whatever is the new trend, even if they don't feel that way. Right? They say, oh, I like this thing because, you know, everyone else likes it. And that's sort of what she just said, right? Yeah. Because it's the new beautiful. Even if what she said, I want to be white, I want to be paler. And so I stay in the house. That's what she said. But it's sort of like, I don't know. I just like, I know this is that there are people who can contradict themselves. And I mean, it's okay, but, you know, it just calming a little off guard. Yeah. I mean, and also just something that you can focus on a point out. For us, I can okay long day, you know, as humans, to be up, or not okay long bro, it's natural for humans to be a bit superficial. Because if for example, if someone acts as you know what's your type, you know, you have your type and you're, and that's fine, right? You can have what you find attractive and you can find, you can have what you don't find attractive. So say for example, if someone says, you know, I'm not attracted to white girls, I'm attracted to black girls. I wouldn't think that, you know, anyone should take offense with that. Because it's true, true. But the only thing I'm like, is when people are like, okay, let's say I think, or let's say this person thinks that being white is better, I would not appreciate that person coming up to me, Tapos Maksabi. Oh, you know what? You would have been, you know, pretty if you're a white girl. If you have your own insecurities, you're on whatever, just keep it to yourself and don't impose that on others. I think that's what I've always been trying to, it's a rate. I mean, but I guess that's one thing I like. It's really, I don't know, maybe outside the videos, they say stuff like that. But no one was trying to input their own visions of beauty on them, even else. So they were just talking about their own thing, right? Everyone seemed to be enjoying. So I like the interviews. Yeah. Overall, I liked the way they did the interviews. Yeah. Especially that they had someone speaking Tagalog. Anyways. Hey, Joe. Say hi, Joe. Hey, Joe. Thank you, you're welcome. Thank you, you're welcome. Yeah. Thank you guys for watching this video. We also really want to give a big thank you for all the love, the support, the likes, the comments, that you know, you've given us for the past few videos. If you like this kind of content, if you like us reacting to, you know, trendy Filipino videos, leave it in the comment, show us the support by liking this. If you'd also suggest, you know, add a video to the community tab or in the comments below. So again, thank you so much, and we'll see you in the next one. Salam ala. Thank you.