 What's up guys, my name is Miles. And my name is Fez. And this is the commodity. And today we're reacting to Manila cost of living. We reacted to Sibu. Again, I'm sorry from pronounced in Sibu incorrectly. But we reacted to the cost of living there. It was very inexpensive compared to where we currently live. There were a few things that cost about the same, but overall, it would be much less expensive than where we're at now. So I'm excited to see Manila because Manila is another beautiful city in the Philippines. It's a capital city. So I'd imagine it'd be a little bit more expensive. Yeah. Focused on. Yeah. So let us know in the comments if you like these style videos and if you have any other recommendations. Also, if you'd like to see our future videos, give us a subscribe and click that bell notification. If you liked this video, give us a like. It helps us get it out to more people. And also, if you want to help support the channel a little more, you can click the join button below this video. What's up on it? Let's check it out. Manila Philippines has amazing cityscapes, vibrant shopping malls, and great night's. That's so beautiful. It also has friendly locals. Thank you, girl dancing. And Is that a cook can on fire? I'm just looking at all the food. Oh, that is weird. The cook can kind of stands out. I wonder why they would burn a cook can. So how much does it cost to live in Manila? $600 per month is possible, but not very comfortable. $600 possible. So most people can get away with one to $2,000 a month, comfortably. And I'm guessing when he says that, it would be including your rent, your cost of travel, food, food, the whole thing. Yeah, so I would hope so. Okay. So that is much cheaper. So gorgeous. I don't know if I could live in the city like that, though. I'd want to be on the outskirts, I think. See, this is where the one time I would like to. It's kind of like, well, I guess at the same time too, traffic's probably terrible here. So you'd probably want to live close to every to where you can walk places. Yeah. And that's the thing. I would like to do that. And I would guess that more than likely, if it's just me, obviously, I would just get a scooter or something like that. But I just think it would be awesome living near everything. And the probably the best internet is going to be located in the city center type areas. Yeah. And with our job, good internet is a must. Turtle. Yeah. Cost of living in Manila can very considerably, depending on your own leather cover and convenience. Your accommodation will be your largest expense. My advice is to live close to where you will be spending most of your time. It's a nice little area. It's a very slow, jeep knee. Yeah. 900 US dollars per month will get you a small, but nice apartment in a trendy area. A couple of miles away, you can find similar accommodations for around $600 per month. It's not bad. Mm-hmm. $500 per month will get you a simple studio. It's about half the price of what it would be here. The best development of a beneficial global city or BGC is a pedestrian friendly, self-sustainable, and flood-y. See, that would kind of be an area I'd be cool with. It's like a top choice for a side. That's a beautiful building. That's awesome. It's like you take steps up. Another popular area known for being a major business, cultural entertainment. Oh, that's dope. Oh, I thought it was a break dancer. These areas will also have the highest rent. Here's a breakdown of what you might find. You can rent a small, very basic apartment in the world. Wow. Outside of the trendy area, cheapest one, you can get $250. I want to be in the trendy areas that, yeah. With the shower and western toilet, it should have a small kitchen with a bridge and an electric hot plate for cooking. Hot plate? Starting around $450. That's one thing I've noticed in a lot of these apartments is they don't have an actual stove. It's a hot plate. Yeah, that's the like, if I'd want a kitchen. Yeah, like a legitimate kitchen. We use it so much that a hot plate would just probably not cut it. Yeah. First per month, you can find a good quality studio apartment in a location. You can often find air conditioning. It's small, but I can do it. That's nice. Another amenities like included cable and Wi-Fi. Well, that's the kind of place you're going to get with a hot pot. So you get included cable and Wi-Fi with the smaller studio. For the rest of the day. I would assume that the buildings are the ones that are, that, like, no matter what size apartment, they've got that price budget, the price is budgeted with the extra amenities built into it. So you're kind of paying for it. Nice apartment for 600 to 1000. That view would be dope. That's a dope pool. So you get included cable, Wi-Fi, gym, pool, 24-hour security. That's cool. Yeah. All for that price. About $1,000 US dollars per month, you can live extremely well. That's nice. Three amenities and an amazing city view. So the way it sounds like he's describing this is this is the price for rent, not so much just everything. Well, no, he said rent and all those amenities include. Yeah, yeah, but I'm talking about the, because when I think of cost of living, I include cost of eating. Right. No, cost of this, cost of that. So I'm sure he'll, so right there, it says monthly overheads, but, I mean, $1,000 a month for a really nice apartment's super cheap. Yeah. And if you can get your apartment for $1,000 a month, I wonder what you get. And he said, because he didn't go in depth with that, because I was like, what could you get for like two grand? Right. You know, like, how big of an apartment is that? He said, two grand plus, you're living really nicely. So you get a nice apartment for $1,000. I'm sure you can live pretty nice and do things with another $1,000. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, you could do that here. Yeah, with extra $1,000. Basic electricity, heating, cooling, water garbage for a medium-sized apartment. That's cheap. A medium size. So I'm guessing, when he says medium, what would you think that would classify? Like a one bedroom? Probably a two bedroom. A two bedroom? Okay. Internet package might cost as much as that. That's a little expensive. What I do here, we have a gigabit internet. So it's 1,000 megabits per second with unlimited data. Like they, I don't know anybody that caps data anymore. Even my cell phone carrier AT&T just came out and sent me a text that said, we are no longer going to throttle your internet. I was like, sweet. So 5G forever. $53. I pay 60 bucks for a 1,000 megabits per second. That's cheap for a smartphone. This is really cheap. So I pay like $200 for one phone. But to be fair, whenever you're having signal issues, I never do. Right. So I pay premium for the quality of it. And this is the other one. So I work at a gym right now. And our gym, which is probably one of the, it's not the nicest gym in the world, but it's a, you know, AC literally have all the weights, all the exercise equipment you could ever need. It's, it can probably house like 200 people, something like that. And it's literally like, starts at $20 a month, $21 a month. So this seems awfully high. Club in this area will often cost between 50 and 70 US dollars per month. Local food can be tasty and very affordable. Great international restaurant. I'd be in the local food. See, I feel like I already do this here. I don't cook a lot personally. So this would be my expense. Yeah. And they just said $4. Texas Roadhouse. Shakeies. I've never heard of that. Starbucks. There are many Western style supermarkets with imported goods from around the world. Although prices can be high, if you shop at local markets and stick to Filipino food brands and local fruits and vegetables. That's what I do. Yeah. I mean, why would you, yeah, I'd eat local. It would probably be like, if I couldn't find like a specific thing that I haven't had in like a year or something like that, that's when I would go to like one of those specialty locations. Yeah. But aside from that, I'm not, I'm not going to spend extra money just so I can have some twinkies, you know what I mean? Right. Here are some typical restaurants. That looks delicious, dude. Yeah, it does. You'll let an inexpensive restaurant $4. That's really cheap. $5 in the business district. Yeah. So literally going from like a street food to a restaurant restaurant. Okay, so going from a restaurant kind of a hole in the wall to a nice restaurant as only a dollar difference. I wish we could eat for that price legitimately. Yeah. That's cheap. I don't like beer so it doesn't really make any difference for me. That's about average. I don't know what I don't drink coffee either or wine so. An endless variety of shopping experiences are all over the city and cater to all sorts of budgets. There's a multitude of mega malls with brands from around the world. Those are huge malls. Yeah. I mean our malls are big too. Just I don't think anywhere near that big. Mm-hmm. Around 20% more. Locally made items will likely be much cheaper than similar items from your home country. That's a dope shirt. That's a dope shirt. That's a dope shirt. That's a dope shirt. That's a dope shirt. That's a dope shirt. That's a dope shirt. That's a dope shirt. That's a dope shirt. You've been eligible for delivery to the Philippines. Jeep knees are the cheapest mode of transportation and most major roads and destinations are covered. Busses are also available on the main routes. So what is it like to ride on a bus or in the jeep knee? It's because like if you ride on a bus here, you're like nervous that you're going to die? So, and I'm not saying it's just bad people. It's just most people, like I've never had an issue with our trains here, but the buses are very, very kind of like a different story. Right. Because our trains, everybody takes them, but the buses are very gross and creepy and I just don't take them so, and they don't work very well. But how good are the buses? Like if we took a bus, should we have to worry about anything, or is it pretty much hop on, do your thing, go. Right. That's kind of why I would want to live walking distance from most things. Yeah. Eater taxis and grab are probably the most comfortable options. The normal taxi tarot starts at 80 cents. With an additional 20 cents. Now, it's really cheap. One hour waiting in the taxi, it will be $2.37. That's really cheap. That's really cheap. Between 45 minutes and an hour, we'll often run between 160 to 180 pesos. So less than $4. How much would you usually make on a 40-hour trip? A 40-hour trip? Or a 40-40-minute trip? A lot of money. Hey, there's a key. Or a one hour trip. So a one hour trip, so I would drive a lot of people from where I live to the airport, which is about a 40-minute trip, which is a 40-45-minute trip. And I would make anything between 40 and maybe $80. Somewhere around that, maybe 50 to 100. It just depends on how much traffic there was. And what time of day and all those kind of things. So about 10 times that amount. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Easily. BGC, about $2 to $3 one way. And a trip to the airport from either area will be about $2.06 depending on traffic. Yeah. Is that weather without tip? Yeah. With over 7,000 islands and some of the world's greatest biodiversity, the Philippines is a great place to explore and travel. And from Manela is fairly easy and affordable. Bus and ferry transportation is also efficient and very inexpensive. Hello. This is the life in the Philippines. This is the life in the Philippines. She's all posing and stuff. They are welcoming to different cultures. And there is a large expat community in Manela as well. Everybody's on their phone. Yeah. You see that? Easy for expats from all around the world. It's the biggest texting place in the world. Filipinos are world renowned for their hospitality and their friendliness. For more cost of living guides and traveling for many years. Let's do. I think somebody in my comments, in our comments, said that they've actually recently lost the number one spot. I didn't look it up or anything, but that's what I had read in the comments. And I was like, oh, I'm just saying this is so much cheaper than where we're at. It's not really much more expensive at all than the Cebu video that we watched. Yeah, I mean, moving to a place like this with the channel that we have, it would help it exponentially. 100%. And I could definitely see myself living in a place like this. Like this is more up my, out of all the cities that we've looked at, I think this is more my ideal living situation. Like I would want to live in downtown in a high-rise. And then be close enough to water and all that kind of good stuff. And then I think a lot of it has to do with the food. Like if you go to Malaysia, you kind of got to be a little bit more aware of the people because a lot of religions prevent certain eating and stuff like that. And I don't want to offend anybody. Right. So instead of kind of stepping over people and not trying to offend a whole lot of people, their lifestyle is closer to the America. Yeah. I can't wait to go to Cody, Kenobludo. I want to see what it's like in person. Right. But I definitely want to head up the Philippines on our next trip. Yeah. That's definitely going to happen. Yeah. And who wind up saying? Guys, let us know in the comments. I've been thinking about doing another Filipino food video. So let us know in the comments if that's something you'd like to see. If it is, throw a dish that you'd like to see us drive for the first time in the comments section. Also make sure you click the subscribe button and the bell notifications that way you guys know when we post that video. If you like this video, give it a thumbs up. It helps get it out to everybody else. And if you want to help support us, click the join button at the bottom. And with that being said, my name is Miles. And my name is Feth. Thanks for watching, guys. Peace out.