 I don't know where she came from Kinda turn me upside down I just don't know what to do I wanna spend the night at hers And bringin' one of my t-shirts So it smells like her perfume Now I really get what the love songs are talkin' about Hi guys, what's up and welcome back to my YouTube channel And it's your favorite girl as always doggas And right now today I am here at Southwestern University Again, I made some couple of videos at Southwestern University And if you haven't seen those videos I'm going to leave the link to those videos in the description box And today I will be interviewing for you guys About the first impression of the Philippines This is actually an exam week And a lot of students are busy with their exams So let's get started before the day gets busy And I just wanna tell her how I feel Screaming out loud Have you ever been in love? Have you ever lost your head? Have you felt like you were out of breath? When you saw her in the dress When you're hard, it's beating fast And you're sweating and you can't stop looking at her smile Then you been in love Hello! What's your name? And where are you from? I'm Steven Stebby, I'm from India Wow, that's amazing! So what are you starting here at Southwestern University? I'm studying third year medicine Wow! So how did you hear about Southwestern University? Actually here at the Booth Southwest University from my friends group Before I studied in some other college of my PhD biology And I came to know that Southwestern was one of the good college And have higher rank of passing grades And have a good facilities and everything So I got up through all these information from my parents I have my friends, my relatives And I chose Southwest Wow, that's amazing! When you came to the Philippines What was your first impression about the Philippines? First impression about the Philippines To tell you the language Most of the English we speak in English To compare with other countries Your English is the basic medium to speak In other countries we know we have to study all the other languages We have to write exams And moreover, in the Indian language In the Indian language we have to learn speak Ukrainian language Because they don't know English But here most of the people they know English So it's okay we know that as in no to learn This language of Subwana or Tagalog or some other Filipino language Next, the medical passing grade In India, we have to write and say exam And say exam most of the higher passing grades It's from the students Oh, that's amazing! So have you been to Ukraine before? Yes, I actually after my schooling After my 12th grade I went to Ukraine and I studied for one year Because of my health conditions So I dropped out there and I joined here When you first arrived in the Philippines What was the first thing that came to your mind? Did you like it? To tell you honestly, I don't like it Because we foreigners, even you also We have seen some other What was the environment And we came here and saw the same environment Like I've country Literally I was expecting Canada Like you can, you are clean and everything But it was literally like we are going through all this Like a same country And the people also, they are some, they are sweet and some they are Cruel also I have met some people Yeah They really, it's same like India I feel like same like India Only the problem is the food Are you a vegetarian? Purely non-mister Purely non-vegetarian That's amazing! So you eat everything Yes, I mean, I don't eat everything I prefer mostly mutton The goat But here the goat is so costly We have to go to the market We have to wake up at 4 a.m. That time we can get a fresh meat And I don't like pork or beef And fish shokki That's amazing! So can you tell me so much about the Philippines? I saw there is no divorce in the Philippines Yes, that was a literally shokki Because we in India In other countries also If you don't like to stay with husband or wife They can get divorced But here that is the only problem They don't have divorce system If they registered And they have to live with that person If they don't want to live with that person They can go to another person But they can't divorce the person They have this last name As their first person who they marry And another one A little short They don't care about each other I personally have a Filipino woman When I was 4 She was born And the parents divorced I mean separate and not When she was like I think 5 years old Still now she is all 30 years old She never seen her dad He has another family And their mom has another family She is just alone That's it sad How many Philippines you like about the Philippines? Climate Mostly some words The people Some people like this Mai I like this Mai They wear this pink And some of my friends They are so caring Other people who come for you They don't learn language problem They literally go initiated And they are helping Our clinics are going to the classes Why did you choose to study at Southwestern University? To study at Southwestern University To be a good doctor It is the only reason The perfect college Who wants to be a doctor? That's amazing So would you encourage Indians to study at Southwestern University? Actually Actually I encourage and not also to repeat Tell me why you encourage Some people from India They have the perfect ambition to become a doctor The Indian curriculum is different So we can become a better country But some Or because of the parents problem Parents usually have to go Get out For that student Southwestern University Some other colleges are there They can go there But who really wants to be a doctor? They can choose Southwestern That's amazing So thank you so much for your time I really appreciate it Thank you so much Thank you You know you've been in love There's something about the way she laughs And the way she always dances When she thinks nobody sees And when she's gonna miss her soul I tell her baby please don't go Hi guys Hi And what's up link with your codes? At this vlog? No, actually the old from left We are preparing for an automated lab So it's really hectic And so everybody is there So we need to prepare for our pilot later So it's kind of messed up That's amazing So what are you guys studying here at Southwestern University? We were studying medicine for a year So we recently graduated Our BS biology like one year back So we are studying our medicine for four years So we're here at Philippines And when did you arrive in the Philippines? I think around September 2020 Yeah And I had me like October 15th Yeah 2022 also Yeah, yeah So how did you guys hear about the Philippines and Southwestern University? My dad has actually researched about this school along with his friends because he has found Philippines for quality of education and a kind of strictness in this school because they are really focusing on the US curriculum because the Philippines for you guys is the same as the US curriculum So that's how I have chosen this college so it would help me to prepare for my years and have a step on it and other steps which I'm preparing for the US Oh, that's interesting Why about you? How did you hear about Philippines and Southwestern? Actually my dad has searched about that Philippines college I think this is the one of the best college Because of my dad's voice, I was joined here and I also like to join in this college That's why What was your first impression of the Philippines? Should I be honest or not? It's like somewhat like India Not completely India but somewhat very different but this is an island I'm not living in the main Philippines I'm just living in a park in the island So it's not like see everything like we just something I expected really pictures in the middle because my friends were telling me No, there are a lot of beaches on the sea But maybe there's a small, they're not like that No, maybe you don't have people to take you there or you don't know You just came here recently so you don't really know the beaches around They're actually a lot Yeah, I don't have any writing to join too but I don't know but much of this place is like really crowded maybe I should explore more on the sea Okay, why about you? Yeah, it's good I like it Can you tell me two cultural shocks you have of the Philippines each? I think I've heard about synologue before So I think I've recently seen a lot of festivals and I've seen the people walking around the streets holding their guard or something and playing with some drums and songs I think that's interesting So it's so different from India because we need to celebrate mostly at home with our family members and mostly we follow rituals like for example, like a carnation like we go out and we take our guard so that's like holy I think that's all I can see about synogue I don't know, I actually explore much of it because I'm busy studying So things you like each about the Philippines? Food is nice and somewhat the clothes that I offer it's kind of cheap not really that cheap and it's really affordable so I often buy more clothes here and also we used to roam at the SNC TV and told you the sunset is really good yeah really damn good that's how we are friends and you are with me yeah I like the tech climate and as well as the food I like it here in Philippines can you tell me why you choose Southwest Ali University? because I heard this college is called as college for like medicine and actually my like mind I'm a nurse and my sister I heard from her that it is the best college for medicine me because I really want the academic not to be easy in sense of like I don't want easily to pass not failing really bad if they make the academic stick I think every student like they actually study hard and work for their clothes so I think that would be really good so everybody will be learning it so everybody have and must be so if you are like easily copying and sharing there's a purpose of studying medicine you can just study at your home right? so that's why I joined here and also I think the practicals in club ship is really good because they are making us to move other places so we are setting up the island to learn much more cases like example in villages we might find more cases because people have poor sanitation so poor heightened practices thus I'm thinking like the club ship nature and strictness it makes you dedicated to study and achieve your goals that's why I wanted to study and I wanted to study the goals that's why I honestly like the college other than that my friends my friends are really cool they are really cool and they love me as I am they are old like judge or anything would you advise going us to come to South West to study in the university? yeah, I advise them it's good college you can learn a new things here so, basically thank you so much for your time thank you bye I think you should stay with me and I really care what the love songs are talking about oh and I just want to tell our... Hi guys I have new friends here today what's your name and where are you from? Anita from Nigeria oh that's amazing, that's incredible so what are you guys studying here at Southwestern University? same as you? that's awesome so when did you arrive in the Philippines? I arrived in January so you guys are basically newbies in the Philippines so what was your first impression about the Philippines? when you came to the Philippines what was the first thing that came to your mind the very first day? you arrived in the Philippines what's going on? I didn't expect much so I was like... so how did you know about Southwestern and how did you know about the Philippines? I got here at Shunar Agent I got here at Shunar Agent I know about the Philippines but not for the location for the tourists I heard about it it's more or less like traveling or visiting but like not really education but like now we are I guess I need you guys to tell me why you chose Southwestern University that was the entrance choice I was out of options actually you can actually make your choice yourself when you get here you can determine where you go to tell me three culture shocks you have about the Philippines it's right with your hands it's better than more I also like the cheapness yeah that was the first time I saw it in the Philippines yeah I could tell you about the newbies so these are so shocking on the Philippines yeah since you've been in the Philippines now can you tell me two things you like about the Philippines? I like that nice but I'm going to just call I think an appitian yet is very easy I like your calls you've been in the app like that's interesting so would you recommend for enough to come to the Philippines? yeah how's the party loose okay so thank you guys so much for your time thank you so much so guys I have come to the end of this video you can hear from the students what they have to say about the Philippines and about studying at Southwestern University so if you wish to study at Southwestern University or you wish to study in the Philippines you can send me an email my email is in the description box just send me an email and I'm going to reply you quickly and guys make sure you like share subscribe and I will see you in my next video and until then