 Hi everyone and welcome to our channel. Another exciting video where we have been going full blast with external walls. Welcome a new crew member, Jason. So please stay with us and enjoy. Okay another exciting video. So I should have the previous crew in to work on the driveway. Do the retaining walls and cement the driveway and everything. So hopefully they'll be here. It's not today. Today we will finish the separation wall between the two bedrooms. But after that I like to start all around the house and install our metal stud. I'm very happy the way things are progressing of course. Okay it's 9 o'clock now the old crew hasn't shown up. So that's okay. I got an alternative so we'll see how we go. The road there is finishing this wall. We got to put hardy flex. I got a start putting hardy flex. The road that has to live early today. That's okay. Tomorrow we have a day off. We're really tired so we have your day off. It's good. I got to enjoy with my wife, my baby. We need that. So I'll be back on Saturday. Anyway still a lot to do. I'm going to start polishing the doors and put some solignum. And I will bring some varnish as well. I will put some varnish and put on position. Okay as I said this was a bit of an experimental. We learned from it those crews here. They told us the right screw but it's depending the batch we put them in. Because what's happening is if you encounter hardwood like we have behind here with hardwood. It's hard to screw them in. Whatever is that you damage the tip of your drill. It's very very cumbersome job. So what we've done is that at City Hall where you're today, they suggest us to use hardy flex nails. So a road that I've been using them and is very happy. Very happy with those nails. It's called hardy nails. This is how it looks like. Back. I put the press on the screen but we just put them here. So we can handle them with you. Don't worry about screws. Also that flex has been put on the other side. So this will be the thickness of the wall. We're happy with that. We don't have to do double wall there. It's hardy flex box side so it's good. This nail is kind of really quick to put hardy flex in. It's crazy. So much difference. I'm still polishing and putting some clear solignum on all the dough jam. We put it two small nails there but I don't think it's enough. So we're going to put some screw across there. Now I haven't got a self-tapping screw with a 90 degree head tap. That's all I've got unfortunately. We don't know when those screws are going to come in but there's nothing I can find. Nothing around. The only one I found is not galvanized or anything or chrome or anything like that. I had the one that I'd rather put this in. So I come to the wall and the screw will come somewhere here like that. That's okay. So I'm doing that just by every way. I just got delivered some sand and hollow blocks. Not all of them but at least to start those retaining walls. At first I like the start a little bit of a driveway like across the road. But start here first because that will give us a reference for the height of the driveway. I will need to follow this little ditch on the south of the road where the water runs. This guy stuff it up completely hasn't done anything. I like to do that because if the road authority come around and decide to do something, I don't want to break all my cementing concrete path. I like to do that alongside this. I just put a bit of a concave in this area so the water just runs through. Anyway that's my problem. We'll see how you come to that. Okay that's it for today. It's been a half a day, today's Thursday. Tomorrow we have in day off. Everybody has something to do. Me too. And we come back here on Saturday. See you then. Don't go away. Okay good morning another day. I personally polish here those dojo and put some salignan. I'm off from here. And another side we finish in the separation wall between the two bedrooms. Okay that's three door. Okay that's three door which are for the bedrooms and the veranda. Ready to be installed. They've been salignan polished and salignan. So they're ready. Now I'm going to do the large one, the entrance door jam. It's got Maggie to that. That's good. Better than snow from Leon. Okay we're getting rid of all those big structural support that's no longer hard. Be careful. Big bag. Okay we decide to start in channel wall here. We have your go at the external walls. We've got to start with this portion here between those two posts. See how we go. First in. The tropical storm just over us now. I love the sound of the rain on the roof when I'm dry. Where is it? You see? That's a bad one. I know some of this is going to come down a bit. Start or maybe? Anyway the water is going to come down here. Good job. It's going up. Okay. Okay. Well this is going much faster with the timber and everything is straight. Excellent. So that's it for today. And till tomorrow don't go away. Still running. Okay good morning here we're back again. We've got a new worker. It's a Rodel friend. So he's come to help us. Okay. It's for the driveway concrete thing. We've got the first crew. We'll come back with a price to do the whole thing. So as a package. So I should get a price tomorrow. We see how we go. So I don't have to worry. Are they working? Are they not working? Or what are they doing? It's a package. If I'm happy with the price, I may go ahead. But we need to write down somewhere what we agree on and for how much. That's what they did up there within the package. That's okay. That's good. We're finishing those floor. There was nothing there. Here's some so we're finishing it. That's good. Now I've got to do this one too. This one's not done as well. That's the height of the window. It will be a window then. And the window there as well. So when we sit on the desk, we can see the people coming along. What's fixed here? This one. Try to install the first window. That's the main bedroom. It's got the best job now. They are not going to protect all this and put them onto the house. They're going to be using fish, but not now. Very good. Very good. I'm going to put the window in the middle. I'm going to put the window in the middle. I'm going to put the window in the middle. I'm going to put the window in the middle. I'm going to put the window in the middle. I'm going to put the window in the middle. So easy. I need to hang the table. We need to hang the table. the whole first window jam in good job guys premiumcaно Thank you for watching this video, until the next video, take care always and God bless. Bye.