 Tilар humble evil Our last day here in Mendoorou, we're going to a bit of island hopping exploring around with the car. We had to stop right now for this incredible view. That's the place we were yesterday, right? Yeah. It's very light, huh? It looks even better from up here. It's incredibly smooth. It's very light and it's very comfortable. It's very quiet and bright, and it's also very comfortable. It's very quiet and bright, and it's very comfortable. We're going to a bit of island hopping. It's very quiet and bright, and it's very comfortable. Unfortunately, this is our last day here in Mendoorou. So we're going to do a little bit of sightseeing. What the car we're going to drive around a little bit. We're actually going to go visit an indigenous tribe, as well. indigenous tribe as well. So one that is native to here. The road behind me, hopefully you can see it is White Sand Beach. There's a popular tourist place here. With sands at White and water that blue, you can certainly see White. Alright, so we're here at a traditional Filipino village. We've had to be parked the car up. We can't go any further with the car and we're going for a bit of a walk and apparently, we're going to be quite. Thank you for the sunglasses. There's a really cool waterfall around here as well. So we're going to go check it out. And we're going to... what's that? Telepan. Okay, we're at the telepan village. Thank you for leaving. And it's traditional village. So hopefully we see how the locals used to live. Okay, so we got to the village and fortunately they're not going to let us do any of your graffiti. So we've made a group decision. We're going to go back in the car and head off to a brand new other spot. So I'm lucky but maybe next time. We've just been going down this dirt road for the last five or ten minutes. We're trying to get to the west coast here in the middle of the Doro. But we've just been stopped by some young kids who are saying that the army is over there around that corner. And we're not sure if they're the good army or the other army or which ones which we actually don't know. So we've made the executive decision to turn around and try and find an alternative way to get back to the west coast. This is the fun stuff. Sure is. Alright, so this is the actual real life car photographers work. We spent 15, 20 minutes getting a shot. We spent 15, 20 minutes pressing record on the gochro. Yeah, we're having a little trouble with the recording at the moment. Going, it's going. It's recording now. Alright, we're in action. Let's go. Let's go. Hey, it's cold. Let's go. So we've been a little bit unlucky today with a few things not quite going as planned. If you do tours, roads, clothes, army shutting down a road and then now we're trying to get to the windmills. So I'll show you behind us and we can't get through that road either. So we're done the next best thing like we always do. We always try and improvise and we've found a few photography spots and we'll take some shots here and enjoy the view for a little bit. Our plans have also changed in regards to what we're doing. We're going to stay here one more night and catch the first ferry out. But because of the unpredictability of some of the ferry sometimes here, we're trying to catch the last one out tonight. Which means we'll be back in Manila by tonight and it gives a whole day as we fly out tomorrow going to Pup in New Guinea and then Australia. So plenty happening. But right now, off to do some photography. To me, are you going to take some portraits or something? Yeah, but my model doesn't want to go behind the tree. Why not? Hey, model, what are you being paid for? Behind the white stuff? Yeah. Which! So that's what you count as the white stuff. All the white stuff! Look at me! Others like x-ray contenders and they're also chinkled! Oh my gosh! Well well well! Oh... Wow!! Well well good! Fun! I love it! Yes? It's me like Cohανhji! Hi but bal Sara! Hey, your tooth is up there! Wow! We're pretty cool, right? Thank you! Probably people who buy gifts for us That's what you call the best ones It's my favorite Sounds like you have a ball Leave it to me I'm not gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug I'm gonna give you a big hug There you have it That's pretty much the end of our trip to Mindora Or about to head back to the Fabian Manila now In the afternoon is, well of course I absolutely loved it, but the hospitality of the Philippine people always trying to help. Never in your way, never obtrusive, but always trying to help you out no matter what you're doing. If we're lost, hey mate, do you need some help or don't go that way, the road doesn't work, or hey, you guys, we know you guys. Let's go, let's go eat together. So much of that stuff in the Philippines and that's why I've been back so many times and plan to come back even more again. That's why I love it. So signing out now guys, I hope you enjoyed our little bit of our Philippines vlog and there should be more to come. Touch wood if everything works out. Alright, peace guys, be good, see you.