 Wow, wow, wow, I believe it deserves 1 million because this was so so well done I was literally mesmerized and I got goose bumps Welcome to musical Wonderland What's up, Philippines? Welcome to another reaction video guys, I'm Mike And I'm Nelly and we have two travel lifestyle and food bloggers Failed Place Well Placed Placed Failed In Manila I can't be Manila The beautiful city here in the Philippines Yes Yes The our home capital of the Philippines The our home capital of the Philippines We started this reaction channel because of the quarantine And as we are still in quarantine after over 140 days We decided to keep it going because we love your feedback And we love seeing your comments about our reaction So Also we get so so many requests to do reaction videos On our main channel making it have a vlog That's why we decided to put up a second dedicated channel And we are well on our way to hitting 100k subscribers very soon So please do as a solid one Hit that subscribe button right now turn on the post notifications And leave a like on this video Also We have a challenge going at the moment If I hit 100k followers On Instagram by the end of this month I'm going to sing and perform a Tagalog song My guitar So definitely head over to Instagram making it happen Vlog and that is an underlying Primarily give me a follow Which is not that important But if you follow me and I hit 100k as well I'm going to dance to your song Well that's new Yeah that's new All right Nelly what are we reacting to today Okay so today we are reacting to a topic That we haven't had that much on this channel Yes Yes The evolution of Filipino music And it comes as a coincidence Because just last week we received a Filipino Our first Filipino record for our record player From one of you guys So thank you for sending this over Should listen to this today Yes we should Glass of wine Some sourdough bread, some cheese Nice Okay are we ready? I am ready Okay Are you guys ready? Are you? Okay and go Is it correct? Wow That's how he learned Wow That's so unique So good the Childish pants. !!! Air conditioning This is my blowing. It's so good. She could've bought it. Yeah. I always think of you. I always think of you. I always think of you. I always think of you. This is my upfront drag. This is my manager. This is just Go Bobby. Good job. Yes! I'm mesmerized by this. Yeah, I'm just so focused. I just wanted to make sure. Oh Wow, wow, wow, okay wait guys before you do anything go into the description we bought the original video linked in the description. Open that in a new tab and give this gentleman a subscribe right now. So talented, I just need to check how many views that got. What I'm so amazed by is that he performed us in one go. This was like a one take from the beginning to the end, all of the songs, all of the voices so so impressive. His name is Justin J. Tallah and his video got 21,000 views. I believe that this was at least 100k views. So definitely head on over there, say hi, give me the thumbs up, leave them a comment. Yeah, I believe it deserves 1 million because this was so so well done. I was literally mesmerized and I got goosebumps. It's just so incredibly talented and it's one person doing that. It's just crazy. I can't even imagine. What is his name? Justin J. Tallah. Justin if you're watching this video, please do a video about kind of like the behind the scenes how you put it all together, how you practice for this. I really really want to know like all the work that goes into that. And he only has 3,500 subscribers. Oh wait, we gotta change that. He needs to get at least 10k after this video. So some cover worship cover Bible sharing. So if you guys are into that, check it out. Wow, it's got a few videos on the camera. Wow, so awesome. Okay, this guy deserves a stage. So cool. What? Sorry, I'm just amazed by how talented Filipinos are when it comes to singing. Yeah, and I'm not talented at all when it comes to singing. I'm not happy. It's a big time. One of the maintenance staff here in the building, I was see she sings, which is waiting for the elevator and I'm always like... Oh, and one thing that blew my mind, completely, completely was when we were at the Seagames final. And everybody was singing Peabop from Blackout Peas. And it's a Filipino song. I just realized after everybody next to me was singing along that it's Tagalog and I was like, what? I was such a huge fan of still. I love Blackout Peas. But I had no idea that Apple the App had roots in the Philippines. And also the other members of the... So wow. Really cool. Alright guys, if you enjoyed this video, be sure to give it a thumbs up. I head on over to our Instagram, make him happen vlog and Nellie's app underline. Give us a follow, shoot us a message. Subscribe to our not-pick-ass-do-like-it-stuffin-busy guys next time on. What's up, CelleSeeds! Bye-bye. See? Really bad.