 Whoo. One of you guys welcome back to another video and welcome to what feels like 1500s. It feels like I've gone back in time. It feels like we're in Europe. This place is ridiculous. The sun is out. I'm very, very excited. We're fresh. What am I going to do? It's an incredible unique city. A hotel is actually located like one road away from Calais, Chris Aloco. Chris Alodo. I think. Is that Spanish? I'm not sure. I might be wrong or I might be right. It's like Instagram, heaven here. We're walking along the cobbled streets everywhere. It literally feels like a European city. This is pure madness. There's like no modernness. Modern city vibes here. It is unreal. Everything is really, really. I don't know what you say quaint vintage. It's beautiful. I'm in shock actually. Telling down this road. It feels literally like someone's round the clock and we're no longer in 2019. The actual ancient town of Vigant. This is the main high street, Calais, Chris Aloco. The town is very Spanish now. But there's like a few blocks coming off it as well to explore. Like if you want your Instagram picture, this is the road. It has the cobbled streets. It has a wholesome car. And I must say the horses look like they're looked off the really well, which is nice to see. We've been to other places around Asia. The horses look really ill and run down. But here they look happy, which is good to see. There's so many souvenirs shops along here. It seems really touristy, but with Filipinos. It doesn't seem like there's many tourists around from the Philippines, which is really nice. Doesn't seem like that many people come here from Europe or other parts of the world, which makes you feel really special that you've found this place. It's so good that you guys recommend place like this, because if not, we just never know about it. But it is crazy, the untouched buildings. They haven't been restored much, which is really nice. I think when they've been restored too much, it almost looks fake. It just looks so unique, so real. As the ancient city is not that big, I think it's probably just best to walk around on fur and see what we can find. It's lovely to walk along the cobbled streets. It is just blown away. So Molly thinks I'm getting a photo. I've had to set up the tripod here. But really, it's a video. Yeah, come towards, I get the photos this way. She hasn't got a clue. Yeah, that's brilliant. Yeah, work it. All for the photo, if I don't. It's a video. Oh my goodness, so embarrassing. But if you want a photo, we recommend bringing a tripod here, because it can get quite busy in the streets. You want to capture it at the right time, so we'll set the tripod up. It's going to be a bit wonky now, but it's so hot today. It is ridiculously hot. It's got to be like 35 degrees from going from like 19 in baguio to this. Come on back. I am dripping. I need to go and get a drink. Just had to have a quick pit stop because of how hot it is outside. Matt is literally drenched. His t-shirt looks like it's gone through the wash. But we've come in to the 1995 Studio Cafe, and we've got a strawberry lemonade starting to cool down now. I still can't believe it outside. It is honestly out of this world. I would never have ever thought that it would be something like this. In the Philippines, I like keeps saying it, but the Philippine surprises me every day. And I love it more and more every day. We are going to try some of the things that have been recommended to us on our Instagram. One of them is to try the empanadas. And I know that Irene's empanadas is pretty famous here, so we're going to go and try that out, and also wear desperate for a beer. It's been a long time since we've had one, so we're going to pop off to the Calais brewery, and maybe even grab some laughter. That was lovely. The sugar was so, so needed. I cannot believe how hot it is. I didn't expect this. We've got so lucky. We've been told that it's been raining a lot in Figan recently. Just like Baguio as well, but we got really good weather there. Before we go and try the empanadas, empanadas and empanadas, I'm not very good at the pronunciation. And the beer, we're going to head a little bit further in. We know there's a fountain at night, does like a light show, so I think we're going to go around that area. And also I think it's got a bell tower, so maybe check out the bell tower as well. I love it. Even the McDonald's here is in like the Spanish colonial European-style. It's really cool. Have you ever seen them at Donald's? No, not that. No. As with Dix, I think, I'm not sure, but I think this is where the bell tower is up here. So, it turns out that the bell tower was actually right next to the McDonald's. I mean, missed it, but it's like this really nice square bit. You've got the cathedral behind me there. And here is where they actually do the water show at night. But unfortunately, I believe that the minute is under renovation. So I don't think we had to see it at this evening. But it's really nice around this bit. There's loads of places to just chill out. Just a shame that this is closed, but it's just incredible. There's so much history here. It's so untouched. I love the fact that it's just so untouched. You go to other places and it's way too modern. Like, the McDonald's, you've even got the chalking and the jolly beat. It's just looking at them now and they're the same sort of design. Or with that old-fashioned structure. Also, can we just appreciate this weather? It's like unbelievable. My phone says 27 degrees. It most definitely is not 27 degrees because I'm walking around in the sun. And I'm dying. But I think that's probably just because we came from Baguio. And Baguio was a nice temperature to be walking around. And you can't come to Vigan without getting your photo in front of the Vigan sign. Just off from the square, got Molly modelling next to it. Got this, which is the UNESCO World Heritage Site, Marcar. Which is so impressive. So impressive. And also, Vigan has architecture from China, Mexico, Spain, and past Europe. And that explains the food. Oh, but the food is so true. I'm driven. The food is Spanish, but Mexican. And then you've got your traditional Filipino dishes as well. But it's unreal. I mean, I don't know what city. Now we've walked through it a little bit more. I don't know what city you could compare it to. Being that it's a World Heritage Site. It does remind me a little bit of Huayan in Vietnam. Whereas that had the French colonial. This has the Spanish colonial. But we both have them being the World Heritage Site and having them keeping that history and the old buildings. Yeah, I think it doesn't look the same, but it sort of has that same atmosphere as Huayan in Vietnam. But that is enough history for the minute. It's time for food and time for some beer. Oh, we're specializing in food. It's all brewed locally and began. That's incredible. Oh, the service to the community. It's great. Do you recommend it to be tried? Yeah, a lot. So we're lucky enough to get taken into the actual brewery here at the Calais brewery. A lot of people have to sit down in the restaurant and call it a different beer. But it's four types of meals at the moment. And as you can see, there's a lot of beer gun I'm in here. It's ridiculous. All raw and sourced, brewed, I hope you did it. Locally here in the gang. But we need to get inside and try this now. Wow! So how will each one taste for the different flavors of each one? No, it's just the hardest. Which ones is the strawberry one? I think the strawberry one is the most delicious one. Wow! So how will each one taste for the different flavors of each one? Thank you. Which one is the strawberry one? This onion. And the beers have come. I really like the sound of the strawberry one. And there's also a caramelie one. But we'll try them in a minute. Shock. I ended up going shopping and got me a Matt 2 T-shirt. But I think the beers are going to go down nicely right now. So I'm going to jump straight in there. They've rained from least bit up to most bit up. And there's different flavors. So I'm going to go with the least bit up. I'm not a fan of them being too bitter. If I can get it out. This is the begot and tonio. Amazing pronunciation, by the way. Incredible. Like that. Is it like? It's a little bit bitter though. And that's the least bit up. Well, I do this really quickly when I quick get out of it. I'm not going to tell you what the light is now. Just tell you my favourite. Okay, second one. This is the canyone pande. It's a little bit stronger. You can definitely taste it. I think he's all very between 4.5 and 5%. Next one, we've got the esfada and the lapu lapu. My pronunciation, honestly. I think that's the strawberry one, isn't it? Yeah, you can taste the strawberry. That's my favourite at the moment. And the last one is salacocked in the DAGO, which has a caramel taste. Is that dark? Yes, it's dark. It's the dark. It's a little bit bitter. Wow, caramel. Very chocolatey. Nice. It's bitter, but very nice. I think because they're all pebbles, they're all a little bit bitter. I'm normally a logger fan. But I really like them and I love the way they come in. And they're not normally tasting glasses. You get really small, but yeah, four of these. And you've been enjoying your day. I'm just having to go around and try them all again, because I can't quite tell which one is my favourite. They all have the same underlying taste. The bitter? Yeah, they have the same B3 taste. But each are more fragrant than the others go on. But I think my answer is strawberry. Which one's that? What's the name of that one? Oh, I'm not sure now. There you go. It's a spada nip, bluffle, lapple. I think so, yeah. Or the canyone nip, handry. Yeah, one of them. One of them smells really strawberry-fired. One second, let me just say. It's his one. And when you just smell the really nice. That was lovely. Thank you. That was so, so good. I'm not sure which one was my favourite. Hello! Hello! Hello! Hello! I'm only ordered some chips. But we are now going to go and try something else that you've recommended, which is the empanadas. And do you remember the name of the place? It would be the best place. Irene? Irene's. Irene's empanadas. So I think we're going to go and try one of them because the beer has made me very, very hungry. But we were really, really impressed with the Calais brewery. Unfortunately, they normally do a barbecue, but I think because it's a Sunday, it wasn't on. And it's meant to do the best barbecue, literally. But we'll set up an empanada. And we've found that we found Irene's empanadas. It's actually on Calais, Crystal Ocar. Still can't say that properly. It's made freshly in front of you. It's 130 pesos for one. We got the egg and the pie one. And it is really hot. I'm really excited to try this. The skin on is recommended. Oh my god, it is hot. But it's made freshly in front of you. You see them making it. It's lovely. I don't know if I'm ready to bite it, yeah? Huh. All right, good. Is it? Mmm, you've got the crap of brunch. And you've got the wholeness of the egg. And then you've got the zest in the papaya. Really, really good. Oh my god. And that deep fat frying is amazing. I've never had papaya before, so here it goes. Oh my god, that's really nice. Hot. Let it go down. Oh, do you want your taste like? It tastes like a spring roll. Mmm. Like you get the same sort of spring roll texture, except it's just on a bigger scale. The papaya is mixed with like vinegar or some sort of mayo. It's really nice. And then the egg just adds to it. I'm on a fan of an empanada. And we are back and we are sitting by the pool. So much for the rainy season in the Philippines. Apparently it's been raining loads in vegan recently, so we have got very, very lucky. We checked out the museum around the hotel, which was amazing. It just shows how rich this city is in history that our hotel actually has its own museum. And it is the only first and only hotel in the Philippines to have a museum in the hotel, which we think is crazy. Standing in vegan, definitely check out the Luna Hotel. Molly is over there sunbathing, because this is our first bit of sunbathing chilling by our pool. Since we've been back in the Philippines, we're blown away with the city, the history, the architecture, the beer, everything. It was so, so good. I think we're going to chill out here for a bit and then go to the room at the video and get out tonight, because apparently at night the city is even more beautiful. Quick change of clothes. Later, unfortunately in vegan, there is actually a wifi shortage. So we haven't been able to post our vlog at the moment. It is posting as we speak. So we thought we're going grab us some dinner down Cali, Crystal logo. We chilled by the pool, which was really nice, as I'm sure you saw. And now I'm just getting in the lift. But we've seen lots of pictures where you can sit outside on the chairs. So I really want to try that because I think that would be really cute. It actually feels even busier at night than in a day. It's like everyone's come out and all the restaurants, but fit their chairs out so you can eat on the cobbled streets. It looks lovely. I'm just walking along trying to find somewhere to go. It looks as if here could be a good shot, as you can see. There is loads, like all the restaurants would put it without any impact. So we've made it to Cafe Leopold, which was the busiest restaurant on the street. But as you can see, it is extremely busy. And we just want you to see if we can get to see it now. I think this is what it does because it does wood fire. Pizza here. Oh my god. And there you go. That is how Filipinos are so nice. They've actually pulled a table from inside and set this one up outside. Thank you so much. We've got our seats in the house. And we have ordered. You can tell that we're sort of feeling better. We've got our Sam Miguel lights. And as a hint of what we've ordered for dinner, we've got our pizza plate. We both went for a margarita pizza, well, one for share really. Because we don't want to overload our stomach. The view is incredible. Look at the streets in the background. Sit in here. You've got the bells from the ice cream. You can hit the horses, flip-flop in. You can hear everyone just having a good time eating it in our. It is beautiful. Pizza has come and you really could be in Italy with these cobbled streets. It's got that Spanish feel, that Italian feel. It's just a real European feel. And I love the fact that you're set outside of everyone. Everyone's out, everyone's doing something. I'm with a family, something dinner. Playing kids playing on the cobbled streets. And me. I've got eight of my poops up. And that was lovely. And the best pizzas I've had in ages. It tasted just like pizza, like from an Italian. It was really, really nice. And as I said, it was lovely. Everyone's sitting out together enjoying their dinners with their families. Walking through now, everyone's out playing and enjoying it. Kids messing around with the toys. I hope we don't get hit on the head actually. I hope we don't get hit on the head. There's in like helicopters of things coming down. No. But what an amazing city. Completely blue us away. Yeah. Going back in time to a European city. Beautiful, highly, highly recommend it. I think more like Western tourists need to find out about this place. But maybe not. Yeah, maybe not, but I think it could blow up. But tomorrow, I think we're back off to Baguio. Because again, somewhere very exciting from Baguio. So you're going to have to stay tuned for that. We're going to go back. We're going to wrap it up out once. We always seem to end the video back in the room before we go to bed. And I'm not that tired yet. I'm going to wrap it up now. So if you're new to the channel, enjoy these vlogs, enjoy vlogs in the Philippines. Hit that subscribe, drop the like. And keep on darling.