 Good morning guys! It's extremely early we woke up earlier today then when we are going on a part o3. Good morning! Good morning! So so so sleepy! So we woke up extremely early today and we are here at the local church now which is so so so beautiful with all these lights and we came here because today is December 16th which is the first night of Simbangabi. So you know what Simbangabi? Yes! Yes! I learned it because so many of you guys wanted me to vlog at least the first night or morning of Simbangabi because this is one of the like main traditions main Christmas traditions here in the Philippines up until Christmas starting December 16th until Christmas Eve you can attend a super early or Merlead. Yes there's must like nine or ten PM. PM yes and like this it's already 4 PM. It's fine. Yeah it's 4 AM right now at some church it's even at 3 AM so we are still lucky if you attend Thomas every single morning or well night then then what happens? Then you can you deserve a wish or you can you can have a wish. Let's go! The church seems to be so full of guys people are standing even on the outside and some people are just here at the park opposite to the church and listening to the mass from here but want to see it from the inside so we will try to squish ourselves in. Oh! Morning! This church is so beautifully decorated not just on the inside but look at all this decor everywhere and my favorite one not visible from here but we need to cross. Yes there are those beautiful paroes on everything going though it's so pretty but the decoration here is so nice more creative. Yeah it's so good. It looks so well detailed. It's so well detailed even have a look. Oh yes! And it's vibrating on camera but in real life it's not I guess they are just not on the same frequency but still really pretty. Let's look at that light color bow. I want to see the light color bow. The color bow even have a right. Yes that's so pretty this is definitely my favorite one the light color bow since we are in the other S.C.A it's very appropriate. My favorite is the tricycle in the middle. Let's look at the tricycle at the popular tricycle everyone went to the photo here. It's a nice and quiet night. It's nice or morning but it's in Mangabi so it's nice. Look at the events saying Cabana to Ancety the tricycle capital of the Philippines. So peaceful weather here like not much people like compared to other churches. Yeah compared to actually this is the main church of Cabana to Ancety it's not crowded like inside it's full but outside there's just some people because it's early. It must be difficult to like complete Simbangabi. I personally wouldn't be able to wake up like 2-3 a.m. every day. That's why they also have a massive night. Yes it's for the people who get wake up early but I can see why I would someone do it because it's such a nice and peaceful environment that coming here every day until Christmas it's like definitely like gets you into the Christmas spirit I really like that here. I need to check what's for sale. I'm impressed that it's early but so many food shops are open makes sense. I'm hungry anyway. Nice. You will definitely eat your head. You save my life. I'm blinded by the light of the camera so I don't see anything. Always I'm always watching if you will get an over. Yeah I'm likely crossing the road for some big binkha. Gandango Maga for Simba. Oh oh. That's the binkha for. Now there's a lot of people they came out. Oh yes everyone came out. The music is really loud now because the music is completely over and now they want the whole area to hear the music. We already tried a lot of binkha in the past like months leading up to Christmas. Oh fresh nice. Maybe we should find coffee. Coffee. I wonder if they say coffee. Hi Mago. Yeah let's find coffee first. I just take a bite. Everyone is always saying that binkha is nice with coffee but I never actually tried it. There are some shops over there maybe they have coffee. Now it got so busy suddenly. There's a lot of logo. Oh yeah. Oh yeah you can smell the logo. You found it. Well this little foot stands that just pop the paranda shirt. She's usually not here. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Let's see can see the like the real like Simbaunga big experience because it's not just the most but like the whole surrounding area and the environment. We tried so many binkha's lately but this one in Kabana to An City is still our favorite. So to so good. Meanwhile we are eating guys. Church music is still going but on the other side of the park there's a morning zumba for the fresh ones. Zumba that's so popular in the Philippines when we ride a long early morning on the road there's always like people dancing zumba. You should join the zumba. Well this is the beauty of Prysalusero. You can attend Simbaunga being the church and then 30 minutes later you can do zumba. Just bring your sport to El. Yes, where's sport where under your church outfit? Yes, you can take take of your church attire and then go straight to Sugeunha. On the way back guys the mosque is over so we are to see the city that it's so empty. Yeah there's nobody. Yes, yes some jaggers. Yeah we usually come through here when it's so crowded so now it's so different. It's called Simbaunga Madalingha Rao because it's not Gabi. Yeah there's another mass but it's barely any people now because it's already morning. Yes it's 6 a.m. Yeah not a Gabi anymore. Yes. Oh we can go back to sleep. More zumba action in the park. Wow not so much life here. I don't know. I knew that that's so early morning there's so much life in the city. There's a lot of zumba group in the park. Yeah, but I joined a zumba group. The problem is we won't be able to wake up. That is correct. And that was my first Simbaunga be experience in the Philippines. I'm really happy that I got to be a part of another important tradition here but this is going to be the end of this vlog because after this we just went back to sleep but thank you so much for watching. I hope you liked it. If you did then please subscribe and we will see you next time in the next vlog. Bye!