 Hello, hello say the name of the video right now. Bago Ka Long Pinoy Kami No, you did wrong it Memes We've got this one recommended a couple times to us and I think this is the video that you guys are recommending It seemed like there was a lot of reactions to a video that is no longer up anymore Yeah, we couldn't find the original video that the people react to so this one I think is at least partially the video that you guys want but if it's not then that video may not be on YouTube anymore Yeah, if you're gonna find it and send a link Put it on the comments. Yes, but it'd be very helpful otherwise, you know, we got this one still Yes, so this should be interesting. I believe it's Filipinos being crazy in a typhoon which you know typhoon very common occurrence to be crazy in I've experienced so many of them I can't imagine what like I think it would be cool to like experience for the first time But at a certain point you'd get like I'd be like okay, you can stop now you can stop But I guess we live in a place where like We get tornadoes, but that's about it tornadoes and blizzard so like it we have tornadoes very rarely Yeah, our area is just outside of like the tornado range We probably the last one we probably out was probably literally five years ago, but we get blizzards every winter It's fun. Yay, but yeah, let's see what typhoon is like I think it would be kind of interesting to experience typhoon Like you said if we were for sure and that secure building and we're for sure above an area where it would flood yeah Yeah, yeah, it's sort of like the tornado thing like people when there's like tornado warnings They'll like go outside and like look for it. I do that. I love to. Yeah, it looks it like it's enjoyable to like watch And that's like just see nature unfold But then once it gets to the point where like your Safety is at risk that it's like then you run right towards it But anyways, let's get into this subscribe if you enjoy like the video if you enjoy here we go some crazy Philippines Oh my gosh There's really no place on the island where you wouldn't be rain That would be us Oh Would be insane That's up to the chair That water has to be very unsanitary. It's like the sewers probably coming out. Oh Then you get blown away The jack is whining I want to do water like I want to win I guess in Iceland we kind of got super and it's crazy wind like that where we can like lean into it and stay up Yeah, but that's probably insane. Yeah, I'd be crazy cool Free bananas The thing is snap just I was sending the hammock today. It wasn't that quite that cool What this cool is this Here's the water then oh my god We're supposed to be doing that. I'm just gonna wait you over his head screw. I just need your way of just comes up Oh My god Oh, we have a Philippines Gee, they're just playing their game. Yeah, bingo bingo night That wind is crazy branches is gonna snap off and Great dude. Oh Just like all right Yeah Dance time here we go What the heck big bang theory Mermaid Forever in the Philippines when there's a typhoon we gotta go nutty with it. We have to be like that guy just straight savage Then it won't be a typhoon and I'll be a star Hey the typhoon didn't stop them no repopulation Another raid Oh So close to the end damn continue right there They still need to know Wow What the heck only in the Philippines you know only in the Philippines That is crazy that I that would be such like a cool event I mean I feel like it's a communal event when that happens like guys were doing this together It's typhoon time. Hey, you see the typhoon coming in tomorrow. Yeah, dude. Yeah, you get in your air mattress I'll yeah, I'm going floating right down It's gonna be like a water slide. I said no my hammock just like usual gonna go right over Go back in my spot. Yeah, they just get so many typhoons that it's just like yeah another day another dollar You know another dollar yeah, I mean they found a pig in the typhoon They didn't even bring that pain from the store they found it in there There's already put a giraffe pig. Yeah, oh, we got dinner It's what it's like getting Six inches of snow here It's like normal. Yeah, even some people will drive like it's the end of the world But for the most part is like normal snowplows are out pushing all over done. Yeah, there's some days up There's just like mass amounts of snow. Yeah, like there's days out there's so much. So yeah, I'm assuming like how We deal with snow here is like how they deal with typhoons there like there's used to it. Yeah easy peasy get it done Yeah, like super cold weather here. Yeah, it's like it's like negative 30s negative 40s and people are just like whatever It's cold. Don't be outside long. Yeah, literally. Yeah, and then Texas it'll get 30 degrees, which is like every day Every day from like November to end of April for us and their whole power grid goes down Texas come on man, but that was funny Is there other weird Filipino videos like that to check out? Let us know in the comments below if you're in your life Is it worth experiencing a experiencing a typhoon for tourist purposes? Let us know See y'all later. Bye