 I can watch it. You can watch. No! Let me do it. I'm fine. Yeah, what are you? I'm not clumsy. I know. What? Aaaaaah! What do you mean? Ha ha ha ha. This is a baller. She's gonna pick the strawberries for the first time. So I'm gonna do this for my wife to help her. I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do this. Come to James Poets in the mountain, brookyid. I don't know. Let's see them and for James to fill a bit better. Well, we're here. They've kind of allowed us to harvest some of their coconuts. So we're gonna be making some coconut yogurt this week for James. Throw biotic homemade organic coconut yogurt. Oh, something Mr. Winker. So, your father's coconut tree is really nice as one. We'll be low down. You see the rain coming in, can't you? And you should come to waste it. Oh, I've done that link. Oh yeah. I didn't want to damage. No, no, no, no. So we can hold. Okay, to hold it. It's really. How many do you want? We'll get some more later. It's really. It's one for now. What it seems to coconut you get in England, which we imported. There was an old coconut, it's a cover of that. It's a young coconut, it's called Buco. And the perfect for making yogurt with. We're gonna make our own probiotic yogurt to help James stomach. As it's hard to buy probiotic yogurt, say you can get your cult, which is very effective, but it does have sugar in. Even the blue version, the light version, still has sugar. We're gonna make one with no sugar. So this is perfect start. And we've got a special thing at home. We've been cultivating. And we're gonna show you what that is. We can add that into the yogurt to make it probiotic. When it's good and I can breathe a little. And my path is winding in your light. I hear you sweet voice say to me, you're my child and I've set you free. I remember all you brought me through. This is a battle I'm gonna pick. The strawberries for the first time. That's it. I said, just didn't stand on anything. There we are. You remember this. My mum used to let me my sister do it before in England. Nice feeling to pick strawberries for the first time. There you go. For the first time, you picked some strawberries. Jane loves the roses. She loves planting flowers. And these really took off. Really grew quickly. Never stopping them roses. They keep going. There's one of the things that makes Jane happy. Cutting flowers and flowering, growing, gardening. Helps your mind, helps your body. Feels like you've got purpose, does it? Yeah. It smells nice too. They attract the bees. It's actually what you want when you try to pollinate your fruits. While Jane does that behind me, I'm gonna be making some coconut yogurt today. We've picked up some buco, some young coconut from Jane's parents in the mountain. We found that here in Omaha City in Lati. There's nothing in the shops. There's no coconut yogurt. It's extremely easy to make. Very simple. Which is fantastic to help your stomach. You can help with bloating to ease discomfort. Help digestion. Have a good overall level of bacteria within you. I've never done this before. Do you believe? I've been doing this for over two years. I've never opened a coconut before. Remember how you did it? You really want to take a water, but you want all the water for the yogurt, both of the flesh as well. I caught it! You can watch? No! Let me do it! Yeah, what are you? I'm not clumsy. I know. Your finger! My finger's a fine! I think I'm holding it. You're beautiful. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. I'm not clumsy. OK, so you need to just get the flesh out now. That's half the job. Coconut yogurt. Just need coconut water. You need the coconut flesh. And you need a probiotic. Good job Here's the b ricot. There's not that much in here there. A young coconut. But that should be enough flesh. Just enough to make into a yogurt. Which need the white. I'm trying to avoid getting any of the weeks's chores dot. That's great, we do have one, it's not the best, but this coconut is going to get blended and then mix with the coconut water. So I'm going to do this for my wife to help her, help her stomach. Your cold is extremely popular here in the Philippines, it's in Japan but there is factories in the Philippines that make it, a few set. Very good, however, it is full of sugar and milk and if you have a lactose, if you like just some tollum and then it doesn't agree with you. So Jane has had your cold and they do work a bit but she finds that as well as gluten, I think lactose is irretent to her stomach at the moment and with the sugar added it's not great. So I'm going to use this coconut, this bull co, the flesh, the water and some cuffer and that's what we need really to make a non-dairy, probiotic yogurt. Something that will have a similar effect to the cold, something that will help her. So there are so many coconut trees around the Philippines, especially where we are in late age and there are so little plowshoops from coconuts in terms of things like yogurt and coconut milk. You can buy coconut milk, it's very expensive in the supermarket so but it's very easy to produce. And it's something that in England for example you get a lot of yogurt, you get a lot of milk products as there's so many dairy farms. At one point there were more dairy farms and workers, they were pouring milk away. It just wasn't profitable for them, do you believe? Right in the Philippines here. What a great business this would be, you make your own coconut yogurt, coconut milk, coconut products. So it's about yesterday she harvested a short breath for the first time in her life, can you believe? She has strawberries, like most children though, she hasn't got much interesting garden in the growing nature, she does like flowers but she hasn't really had too much experience. She used to with her grandmother, she used to go to her grandmother's house, helping with the flowers in the garden. But in terms of actually growing fruits and vegetables in harvesting, I don't think she really has the passion yet, but then I didn't eat them when I was a child, used to watch my mum do it, like that do it. And for me and my sister, the most fun part was watering, going to the big head of water with the buckets collecting it and then watering our lopmin. But as you get it that older you get more appreciation for nature, certainly I've learnt a lot from my mum. We have our coconut, we have our buko, which has been stripped from the shell, we have our coconut water, and that's very nice to be blended together. A lot of the special ingredient we add afterwards, coca-fur. So this is how it starts, starts off in a packet with a little instruction book, 499 pesos, and you need to leave it with milk and airtight container, you need to keep checking it, add in more milk when needed. It needs to be as pure milk as possible, four cows milk if you can, four fat cows milk I should say, not the four to five. And then it will start to grow, the bacteria will start to develop, you'll get bigger and bigger. If it gets too big then you need to move something to a new pot and start a game. We have two containers here and that's the beauty with it. You buy it once, it's once you maintain it, you keep it in the right conditions and ferment it, it will continue to grow and you can keep using it. So it's advertised as one purchase only and if you look after it that's what you need to do. So just leave this for a little while and it should be ready in a day or two.