 Are you ready, Ma? I'm ready. We're gonna find out about the history of the Philippines, because we love the Philippines, yay! In 12 minutes. So let's get to it. The history of what is today, the Philippines, started with the arrival of its first humans. It is believed they used rafts or boats around 60,000 years ago, with groups of diverse people settling in the archipelago. Some of these groups started to develop and expand into bigger settlements, and in the next thousands of years, they evolved into what some scholars believed to be considered early states. Austronesians, and afterwards, speakers of the Malayo Polynesian languages, began to arrive in successive waves, beginning about 4,000 BC. According to the existing evidence, a Jade culture existed in these lands, starting with the Neolithic era. By 1,000 BC, it is believed that the inhabitants of the archipelago had developed into four distinct kinds of people, tribal groups, warrior societies, the Patsy Plutocracy, and the Hargar civilizations. Also important to note, is the fact that the metallurgy reached the archipelago due to trade with India. Around 300 to 700 AD, the seafaring people of the islands began to trade with the Indianized kingdoms in the Malay archipelago, hence the nearby East Asian principalities adopting influences from both Buddhism and Hinduism. Some cultures are... All right guys, that was amazing. That's incredible. Let's uh, let's just mute this ad right now, why it plays, because this video has a bunch of ads, and this is a great history lesson that we're that we're getting right now, right mom? Yeah, it's beautiful. Hello, to see. Yeah, see the Philippine. Other items present in the region, which were most likely imported, including ear ornaments that have been found in archaeological sites in the Philippines, Thailand, and Taiwan. The Indian culture influenced the Southeast Asian region, starting with the first century. During the period of the South Indian Palava dynasty, and the North Indian Gupta Empire, Indian culture spread to Southeast Asia, and it reached the Philippines, which led to the establishment of new kingdoms largely influenced by the Indian culture and traditions. The date and scribe in the oldest Philippine document found so far, the Laguna copper plate inscription is 900 AD. From the details of the document, written in Kaui, script, the bearer of a debt, Namwaran, along with his children, is cleared of a debt by the ruler of Tondo. This is the earliest document that shows the use of mathematics in pre-colonial Philippine societies. A standard system of weights and measures is also demonstrated by the use of precise measurement for gold and other items, as well as an astronomy. From the various Sanskrit terms and titles seen in the document, the culture and society of the Manila Bay were that of Hindu Old Malay and Algamesh, similar to the cultures of Java, Potentiala Malaysia, and Sumatra at the time. In the years leading up to 1000, there were already several maritime societies existing in the islands, but there was no unifying political state encompassing the entire Philippine archipelago. Instead, the region was divided into numerous semi-autonomous city-states under the rule of the Plutocracy, while a number of states existed alongside the Highland societies. These smaller structures alternated between being part of or being influenced by larger Asian empires, like Maya Pahit. Around 1225, the nation of May, a Buddhist pre-Hispani-Philippine island-state centered in Wondoro, flourished, attracting traders and shipping from the Kingdom of Ryukyu to the Empire of Japan. Chao Jakua, a customs inspector in Fuki and Province, China, wrote the description of the barbarous peoples, describing trade with this pre-colonial state. Its people were noted for their honesty and trade. Much of what is now Indonesia was ruled by the Hindu Maya Pahit Empire. During the 1300s, this empire ruled over Luzon Island and the Sulu archipelago, as more and more influence was on these islands. Oh boy, another ad. I like this video, but they have a lot of ads in it. Way too many ads in the video, but I love the history, I love learning about the history, and it's super interesting. And skirmishes and battles also existed. Some local tribes were waging in set into guerrilla warfare against them. Eventually, the kingdoms of Luzon regained independence from Maya Pahit after the Battle of Manila 1365. Sulu also reestablished independence and inventions, assaulted the Maya Pahit province of Brunei before a fleet from the capital drove them out. The start of the Islamic era in Indonesia set the collapse of the Maya Pahit as its provinces eventually seceded and became independent Sultanates. In 1380, Makdum Karim, an Arab trader born in Johor, arrived in Sulu from Malaka and brought Islam to the Philippines. Additionally, Sharif Ul Hashim and Arab muslim explorer established the Sultanate of Sulu by converting its previous ruler, the Hindu king Raj. Why did you just fall asleep? I just fell asleep. Sorry, what did you not like history, mommy? I used to actually use to fall asleep in history because it was at the end of the day. Oh my god, mommy, this is a 5, this is a 10 minute video. Alright, you're being rude right now. We're learning about the culture of the Philippines. I know, it's wonderful experience. I'm sorry. Had a long day. De Bhagwinda to Islam and then marrying his daughter, the Sultanate of Magin denail rose to prominence at the end of the 15th century, meanwhile. The religion was introduced to the area by Muslim missionaries and traders from the Middle East, Indian and Malay regions who propagated Islam to Sulu and Magin denail. As before, when Buddhist and Hindu cultures influenced the archipelago, the same case happened with the Muslim culture. Upon the secession of Brunei from the Maya Pahit Empire, they imported the Arab Emir from Mecca, Sharif Ali, and became an independent Sultanate. The new religion started to grow roots in the Philippines through conquest and conversion of local leaders in the next decades. Moreover, Islam was further strengthened by the arrival to the Philippines of traders and proselytizers from Malaysia and Indonesia. In 1521, the Spanish reached the archipelago through the expedition around the world, led by Portuguese-born Spanish explorer Verdenand Magellan. Claiming the islands he saw for the Spanish Empire, he established friendly relations with some of the local leaders and converted some of them to Roman Catholicism. Because the Philippines are a large archipelago, the Spaniards started to explore many islands. However, the explorer Verdenand Magellan was killed during the Battle of Mectan against the local ruler Lapu Lapu. Over the next several decades, other Spanish expeditions were dispatched to the islands. In 1540... Another ad... Josh Godheimer, he thought to expand access to healthcare. I think that's what it is making you fall asleep, Mama. Three, the expedition was led to the islands, naming them Philippines in honor of Philip of Austria, who became Philip II of Spain on January 16th, 1556. The name was then extended to the entire archipelago later on in the Spanish era. European colonization began in Earth, when Spanish explorer Miguel Lopez de Ligatsby arrived from Mexico in 1565 and forms the first European settlements in Cebu. Through diplomatic and military annexation of some lands, incorporating local states, including the Kingdom of Tondo, the Spaniards established Manila as the capital of the Spanish East Indies. In 1578, the Castilian War erupted between the Christian Spaniards and Muslim Bruneans over control of the Philippine archipelago. The Christian troops were so diverse due to generally being made up of people under the Spanish rule, including Native Americans, namely Aztecs, Mayans and Incans who were gathered and sent from Mexico in South America to be led by Spanish officers that had worked together with native Filipinos in military campaigns across Southeast Asia. The Muslim side was also very diverse though. They were supported by the Ottoman Empire, with their troops consisting of Malay warriors and expeditionary forces sent by the Ottomans, which included mainly Turks, Egyptians, Swahili, Somalis, Indians and others. The conflict ended with a status quo antebellum. Just 20 years after the conquest of Luzon, remarkable progress existed in the work of colonization of the islands and the spread of Christianity. A cathedral was built in the city of Manila with an episcopal palace. Other monastery and churches were built across islands and more and more people started to convert to Christianity. Furthermore, Spanish and Mexican families settled in the new lands creating stronger communities. Much of the archipelago came under Spanish rule, creating the first unified political structure known as the Philippines. Spanish colonial rules saw the introduction of Christianity, the code of law, and the oldest modern university in Asia. The Philippines was ruled by the Mexico-based vice-voyalty of new Spain, and after a colony was directly governed by Spain. Many of the local people revolted in the next centuries due to some abuses made by the Spanish authorities. Their rule ended after the American Spanish War at the end of the 19th century in 1898. The Philippines became a territory of the United States. The United States then established the insular governments to rule the Philippines. In 1907, the elected assembly was set up with popular elections. The US promised independence in the Jones Act to the country, as the Philippine Commonwealth was established in 1935 as a 10-year interim step period to full independence. But before gaining total freedom, in 1942 during World War II, the Philippines was occupied by Japanese forces. By 1945, the US liberated the Philippines and the Treaty of Manila in 1946 established an independent Philippine republic. The period of their independence was marked by internal skirmishes and a smaller period of dictatorship, but also huge progress and development with manual Roxas becoming the first president of the independent republic of the Philippines. The United States seceded its sovereignty over the Philippines on July 4, 1946 as scheduled. However, the Philippine economy remained highly dependent on United States markets. Roxas died suddenly of a heart attack in April 1948, and the vice-president El Pidio Corino ruled the country until 1953. Some communist partisans existed in the islands but were defeated in the 50s. Additionally, an important event happened in the middle of the 1960s. Ferdinand Marcos took power in 1965 and ruled until 1986. This era included the final years of the Third Republic from 1965 to 1972, and the Philippines under martial law 1972 to 1981. His reign was marked by dictatorship and instability. In 1986, Ferdinand Marcos was removed from power and replaced by Maria Corazón Aquino. Up to the present day, five other presidents ruled the Philippines. Wow. This is cool, I'm learning so much. That's a great video. I think my mom rather watches singing video guys, so next time you request a video, just know my mom's preferences are singing. Not history, not sad commercials, but singing. She was not interested in this history of the Philippines. No, I was. I was getting tired from listening. I know. I was like, I just started laughing because I was like watching your face and I know my mom's face when she's about to fall asleep. Anytime I put a movie on, she just falls asleep. And I'm like, oh, this is only five minutes. It would have been really funny if you started snoring. I was like, I was waiting. I was going to see if you're going to start snoring during it. You won't. Yeah. I just couldn't believe it. I'm like, she fell asleep already. Sorry about that. You're tired. We do react to these videos very late. We do. We do. But that was interesting to see because it has like an Indian twist to it where the original people that were in the Philippines were from India. And then it kind of, it just, it went through a bunch of different culture changes. I feel like that's why there's so many different cultures in the Philippines. It's like America. It's like a mix of people, which is cool. And I didn't realize America's the country that came in and made the Philippines a free country. I think I don't know if that's what did you get that from. That was really cool. All right, guys, I love this video. Thank you for suggesting it, guys. I've been getting your emails. I got us a comedy at gmail.com. If you want to suggest anything or leave it in the comments below, what should we react to? Give us a thumbs up to support. Special shout out to my Patreon. Of the day, Ryan, we love you. We lot. And yeah, guys, this was just fun. Okay, guys, love you. Bye. Bye, Mahatkita.