 Oh, I said, whoa, yo, I'm gonna cry bro. I'll do you a little bit. I love this. Why is Camor? After the Guardians of the Galaxy. The best thing ever. Lower half. Oh, oh. Oh. Hello, hello. There was shaking. It's time to go into sleep. Filipinos who have made Pinoy's proud. This was linked actually like a week ago by a couple of people. And now I'm finally getting to it. This is actually a pretty decently long video, which is perfect for me to find with me. I'm guessing it's gonna be like an accumulation, maybe a fighter, maybe some speakers. I don't know exactly, right? It is gonna be Filipinos who made Pinoy's proud. Yay! Let's check this out though. Genuinely, I'm excited, you know. It's probably gonna show many copies out. The case. He was actually, you know, one of my favorite fighters. I remember what I was watching. When I used to watch fights all the time. Regardless, I just felt like there was some information that you guys know genuinely. And I'm excited though. Let's get to this. Let's check it out. I have pened you over. Huh? Poppy? And, oh. Stop me, you understand me? I'm the underdog, bro. You don't even know what you stepped into, bro. You don't even know. So, Poppy, some strong words over there. First of all, I'd like to thank God. My team, my brothers, my dad, for training me for this event. My coach. Oh. I'd like to thank half a bunch of emotions. That's how you do it, man. I'm also in KSI for giving me this opportunity. I'm very happy to be here. And for... Very well said. And it works as well for taking this fight. Respect. Yeah, respect for that. And he can talk as much as he wants. But I let my hands do the talking in the ring. Like I did. So, Poppy, final word. I just wish him must be the recovery. Yo! Like my age in the streets. Oh no, no, no. I don't want you to like it back here. Showboding from Salt Poppy. Salt Poppy, how's it going? Mmm. Salt Poppy. You're so good. Where are you heading with that? You're the real deal. We're here with that. Salt Poppy, make an estate with that water. The social media has been taking over the entertainment industry. It's also starting to make noise in the professional sports industry. Guys, no. Because I know some of you are a bit of a yo-vision boxing YouTube. And a first glance, anyone could easily assume that this guy's only talents are watching anime and playing video games. This Charby Filipino dude is a living proof that muscles alone don't win fights but real talent and skill. Meet Nathaniel Bustamante, aka Salt Poppy. He was born and raised in Candelaria, Kazon. At age 14, he moved to the UK with his family for better opportunities in life. He loved boxing ever since he was a kid because of Maddie Pacquiao. He used to engage in street fights for fun in some of his vlogs, which are actually entertaining to watch, but he never really trained seriously. He worked as a nurse in the mental health institution for five years until his truck goal with his faker on challenge and TikTok went viral. Oh, I see him before, yeah. His popularity is chirocated and he didn't stop there because he became even more popular when he started uploading videos of himself, pooling salt, and the most ridiculous ways you could ever imagine. This is when he earned his infamous nickname. He made his box a day new in March of 2022 and he was given the opportunity to match up against the English YouTuber Halal Ham. Just don't judge a book by his cover, mate. Thanks for the fight. Salt Poppy's opponent couldn't stop talking smack. But, on flight night, he made Halal regret everything he said. The internet took notice because it was three full rounds of emulations. But at this point, Salt Poppy was only seeing a sum chubby guy who beat another chubby guy, so he got matched up against a twitch streamer who was more fit and more arrogant than the first one. I mean, like in here, the murder you brought. And that's something to do, bro. Is there an element of surprise that you're worried about with Andy, right? We haven't seen a lot from him. Of Los Thancaji for this fight, I feel more conditioned and I'm going to take him on in first round. Oh, yeah. Really? First round? Alright, Salt Poppy in the black. How about Salt Poppy, the South Pole? I'll have Manipek out from the Philippines. Salt Poppy has some of the best. Oh, he's out. First round. Yeah, my bro. He's doing the fake. No, you got him in the fake room. Salt Poppy making a statement without warning. No, my. I ain't right. I got this. He would have told me. Oh, I was looking about a fight in the air. I was, what is you doing? I was looking at it. The fight was over in a second and he stayed true to his word. The internet then blew up as Salt Poppy violated every ounce of Andy Wards' ego. The matchmakers then wanted to see how Salt Poppy reacts when he gets tested, like really tested. So they matched him up against an American MMA fighter, Josh Bruchner. On paper, it was looking like our guy didn't have a chance because not only does this guy have a total of eight professional fights, but he was also bigger at six foot one and stronger judging by his muscles. Just take a look at the difference. Yeah, but, but still, fight night. Yo. What the hell? Man, want to shop. He's not gonna get up. Please, don't be afraid. He's gonna go back. What? Poppy trained. Rolls down the toes. There was a manny Pacquiao left hand steps inside the goal. I don't see that a lot. Look at that. I'm gonna take advantage of the inside lane and pop it in. This was the fight when Salt Poppy gained the respect of everybody, even the pros. Who are the top three creator boxers right now? Salt Poppy. One salt Poppy won. Yes. Technically was and like he seems like he understands boxing at a higher level. So I would say salt Poppy. Technically. So well, just saying it. So entertaining, so good, so sexy. He just thinks like he gets everything. He goes. And that's gonna get better. This one kind of pulled him into the top five pounds or pound influencer boxing rankings, along with big names such as KSF. Yeah, I'm rooting for him. Paul. Heck, some of them are even scared of him now. Now, well, I'm just training against all four of them. No more South Paws. People want me to fight Salt Poppy. It's not happening. Okay. I need to fight Jay Paul. I call again distracted. Man, Loki feels good when people fear us. Another Filipino who should be feared is Dave Baltista. I love him as an actor, bro. Especially as Drax. In Marvel. Fantastic. Oh my goodness. He was born and raised in Washington, DC by his American mom and Filipino dad who worked as a taxi driver and a barber. They lived a life of poverty. Their home was located in a place where crime was a daily routine. He once said in an interview that he had witnessed a total of three murders right in front of their house as a kid. It didn't take too long for him to adopt a similar lifestyle because as early as 13, he was already stealing cars. By age 17, he started living independently, working as a nice club balancer. But that job didn't last long as he was arrested after a fight against two customers. One of them was rendered unconscious. He then sent him to one year probation. He then worked as a lifeguard after that and at this time, he already had two kids and was struggling to make ends meet. There was one time when he broke down in shame when he had to borrow money from his co-worker just to give his kids some Christmas gifts. His struggles continued until he found body building and started going all in until wrestling, which led him to develop a monstrous physique and this didn't happen until he was in his early 30s. This was him before. This was him after hitting the gym. Dude, he's almost unrecognizable. Hey bro! But despite his hard work, a lot of people still doubted him. He tried out in WCW but immediately got rejected and was told by one of their pro wrestlers that he would never make it an approsied. When one door closes, another opens because this led him to get accepted to debut in a much bigger organization, the WWE. From this point on, this career would snowball as he carried the iconic stage name Batista. He racked up multiple tag team and world title belts and was able to share the ring with legendary wrestlers like Triple H, John Cena, Ray Mysterio and the Undertaker to name a few. This land of profession is very dangerous. Yeah, of course it is. So, injuries weren't a stranger to him. So, he decided to put it on hold and started venturing into acting. As expected, a lot of people doubted him again. Of course. But not for long because he was able to secure a role in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. So good as Drax! I'm gonna cry bro. I love this. After the Guardians of the Galaxy, the Galaxy, Batista appeared in multiple highly rated movies such as Blade Runner 2049, Dune, Endgame, Knockout the Cabin, and more. What I like about this dude is he never forgot about his heritage. He was allowed in Proud Filipino. He is so proud that he got the total of three tattoos representing his Filipino roots. You always talk to me proud of my heritage. My mom's Greek, my dad's Filipino. Always very proud of my roots and I display it on my body. I'll Filipino fly in Greek fly in also. Another Filipino fly. And another Filipino son. Now that's something to be proud of. Oh my! Another big dude who's a very proud Filipino is Brandon Barra. He was born and raised in Norfolk, Virginia. But he also spent some of his childhood in Tagawaian Kazon under the care of his Filipino dad and stepmom, which explains his fluent Tagalog. He's a very proud Filipino. He's a very proud Filipino. He's really proud of his Filipino roots. You can see his name in his name. He's a very good man, and he's really nice. But his red show was not a lot. Thank you. He's a very good Filipino. Tagawa End, Kazon, and mom's big brother. He even knows a lot about Filipino history. He's very proud of his Filipino roots. My favorite one is the Barong. His favorite one is for the Alake. Who knows the Barong? Oh yeah, when I was wearing something like that, I was wearing something like that. So the history of the barong is always told when the Spanish colonized the Philippines, they tried to make us wear clothes. Because it divided, we were savages not wearing clothes. So, pinosotanong the mid and then laging Tagog in Muna Weapons, Nama, Pilipino. I guess the way that they fixed the problem was, they came up with a shirt that was see through the barong. Tagalog. So crazy. So crazy. The tattoo on his back is also noticeable. The letters are an ancient Filipino writing system called Bay Bay. Oh yeah. Which means, Mundo, Hanging, Apoi, and Tubing. I see none the history of Philippines, I think. Anyway, he excelled in wrestling in his high school days, which earned him a four year athletic scholarship at all the minion university. But he would later drop out as he wanted to focus only on wrestling. He enlisted in the US Air Force and joined the wrestling team, but his career would be cut short because he would suffer multiple torn ligaments in his right elbow. This got him medically discharged by the army. Nothing seems to be working in Brandon's favor, but he never gave up. He rehabbed his elbow on his own until he was strong enough to enter the Graffler's Quest submission wrestling competitions. He didn't have a coach or a trainer, so this caught the attention of Lloyd Irvin, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Black Belt, and coach. We invited him to train with his MMA school. My uncle, the leader turned pro and went on to have an eight fight winning streak while finishing most of his opponents with his signature kicks. Hey, bro. Sniper shots. Heak. And devastating knees. Lower half. Oh, boom. Oh. Hold on, hold on. There was shaking. It's time to go into sleep. Though he didn't quite reach the goal to become a champion in the UFC, he did become one in 1FC in a brutal fashion by finishing all of his opponents. Oh, he's out, bro. He's done. He's done. Lord, have. Bro, give me out the right. Yeah, he got caught, bro. Hey, he's doing his dance. Yeah. She. Yeah. Dang, man. But he was already 40 at the time and his age would start catching up as he would lose against Myanmar's online song. In the present day, Brandon Vera had already retired and moved to the Philippines permanently. He also built his own gym called the Alliance Training Center PH to help train more young Filipino MMA talents. And speaking of talent, especially in combat sports, would ever forget to mention Manipek out. Of course. Historically, great fighter. He also has a case for greatest fighter pound for pound. I loved watching him, bro. He lived. That's the most power. That's hard. The fighting bride of the Philippines, the money. Backman. Dude, he had like missile, bro. He was like lightning speed too. Like that's the thing I like. He very like, you know, let me tell you that. Just like quick, fantastic, bro. Every time he fights, the country's crime rate drops to 0%. Yeah, I heard what he said. He's a master, not only inside, but also outside the ring. Manipek, you have something very kind to say about us to the people of the Philippines. Hello, Philippines. These are my friends. I don't think they're going to be able to do it. They're going to be a little bit more powerful, but they're not going to be able to do it. They can do it. They're going to be able to do it. This is not going to be able to do it. That's money, too. That's a extreme move. Yes, you move. Yeah, that's so much. OK, thank you. I said it to me like that. Everyone loved Mani, even the biggest celebrities. But before getting all that fame, he had to go through a lot of pain because he was born and raised in general Santos at the time of poverty and war. At age five, he'd already seen dead and he'd capitated bodies. Military and rebel shootouts would happen just a few meters away from their home. So his family had no choice but to leave unsettling a nearby province called Serrangani. Mani's dad was barely there for them so his uncle played the role of a father figure. He started training Mani, how to box and also taught him how to fish at a very young age to survive. He joined several amateur boxing competitions and dominated all of them. But he wasn't earning enough because most of what he got was just a bunch of trophies and medals. Life was too hard that it came to a point that Mani's dad but shared their own dog just to have food on the table. This was Mani's wake up call to at age 16. He traveled alone to the city of Manila to become a pro boxer without letting his mom know because he knew she wouldn't allow him back then. He made the gym his home and slept in the ring every night. In Mani's first professional fight, he had to lie about his age just to get in. He was a malnourished kid so he put heavy objects in his pocket just to make it into the flyweight division which explains why he looked significantly smaller than his opponents in his early fights. But despite the handicap, he still went on to dominate and clean up the whole flyweight division, gaining him a world title belt in the process. Stop it, you're gonna leave me. Oh, man. Stop it, stop it, stop it. He just has very nice technique. Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it. Oh. Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it. Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it. Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it. Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it. In spite of this achievement, Mani was still relatively unknown to the world. Nobody knew him to the point that the announcer couldn't even read his name properly. Hail of the tape, Felizanola Ladwaba against Mani Pekai of Pekiao. I'll get it right, Pekiao. But Mani's anonymity would only last until this very night. Boom, he took this fight on only two weeks notice and he is banging Ladwaba right now. Big right hand upstairs and now he's got Ladwaba bleeding badly. Oh, yeah, I hear that. That's a TKO victory for the very impressive Mani Pekai. I frankly had never heard of him, but I've seen and heard of him now. And you wanna see him again? I wanna see him again. He would then beat everyone in Phantomweight so he had to move up to Federweight where he would earn the nickname Pac-Man as he would devour most of the Mexican monsters in a division. Good shot, bro. Damn, try my back. It came to a point that nobody in the Federweight division, even the lightweight division was willing to fight him. Not even the prime may weather. Did Floyd, Dr. Mani Pac-Man? Yes. I have to believe that Floyd is not here. So Mani was forced to move up to two weight classes. Mani had to face his idol himself, Oscar de la Hoya. Their size difference was so noticeable that Mani's countrymen got worried about him. There was even a build that was passed just to stop the fight from happening. The objective is to protect the pride of our nation. Protect him from a possible difficult, let's say, be the tremendous yourself. Since some say this will be a circus. Oh my. A big man, fighting a small man. But the fight still happened and Mani shocked everyone when he completely dominated the much bigger fighter and even made him give up in round number eight. Ooh, bro. Oscar de la Hoya. Mani then went down a weight class to visit the lightweight division to put Ricky hadn't to sleep. Ooh, good night. That's what's up there. And we'll have to make it up from this any piece of car. Is that it? Any car? Then moved back to Walter Wade and proceeded to go on a rampage against bigger opponents. One notable victim was Antonio Margarito, who was arguably the biggest fighter many ever faced. What made his match up interesting was the drama leading up to the fight because Margarito was so arrogant and insulted Mani in multiple ways. Si va a carar mira. Si va a cario dar mira. Julien, who's your name? Pacio Margarito. Margarito. Marar. Who's that? Who's that? No, this guy. That's puto Pacquiao. Really? That's it. Then there was. But just like Salt Pappy, Mani did all the talking with his fists. Stink, stink, stink. Oh my god, bro. We look at that left hand. And that Florentz and Pacquiao Margarito. Stop talking, bro. Look at you, dude. He became a punching bag for him, bro. Dude, this is my god. This is just my boy. He got a broken nose too. Damn, bro, he actually so damn hard. You look like handsome squirt, bro. Yeah, I feel like handsome squirt, bro. He's a bit consecutive, come question. Are they significantly better? Mani Pacquiao's career is definitely full of interesting fights, but he would take hours if I had to share all of them. For now, let me just give you a perspective on the magnitude of his achievements. Mani is the only eight weight division world champion and he has held a total of 13 world titles across all of them. This is a feat no boxer has ever done before. He made it into the boxing world fighting bigger guys and retired fighting even bigger guys. Phenomenon. He was the people's David against the world's goliaths. And because of his legacy, he became an inspiration to many aspiring young athletes. And one of them was surprisingly a young woman. Hyde Lindeas. She was only nine when she got introduced to weight lifting by her cousins as they used to haul wood, which is a common thing in the provinces to gain extra money. She liked it instantly as she discovered that she was actually stronger than her cousins who turned out to be boys. They also lived a life of poverty as her parents struggled to make ends meet. Hyde Lindeas was the fifth child among six, so his dad's income as a tricycle driver and a part-time farmer was barely enough to support them. She had to borrow shoes and uniforms for training and gladly took hand mean downs. Going to the gym was even a struggle for her because she didn't have money for fairs so she had to sit on her friends lap to avoid paying. Despite all the difficulties, Hyde Lindeas kept going on her hard work paid off. She got selected as the wild card entry in the 2008 Summer Olympics in China, making her the first ever female weight lifter to compete for the Philippines in the Olympics. She was only 17. Making it to the Olympics was a good achievement, but winning it all was the ultimate challenge. In Hyde Lindeas' case, the gold eluded her for more than a decade and it eluded the whole country for almost a century, 97 years to be exact. Her journey was full of setbacks and crushing defeats, but there was one thing she didn't do. She never gave up. Wow, man. Yeah, she... And this is years, right? Within, like you have to like try and try and you have to wait. That's not enough. Chinichir Shadito. Agiguenara. To lift the suede, 180 kilograms. Oh no. And that is it. For Hitlin' B. I don't know. It was a bad time. I was looking at Gator any position. Rio 2016. After winning Silver in Rio, Hyde Lindeas did a get-contentant, so she kept training for the 2020 Olympics. She trained in Malaysia to prepare, but the pandemic happened. Her team got stranded in Malaysia for almost two years without training gym access or equipment. But instead of doing nothing, she kept training by using improvised tools such as heavy bags and water bottles. There was a point when they ran out of money and had to ask for financial help on social media, which led to her getting bashed by some fans, but Hyde Linde didn't let it get in her head and instead kept training. In the final moments of the competition, China set a world... ...back into gold medal position. Wow. And you won the pick record with that lift at 126. It's just crazy to me. That's the scares me, man. I can't... I mean, I work out, but... This? Hyde Lindeas last successful attempt was 124. And in order to win, she had to break the world record again by adding three more kilos to make it 127, which was something she'd never lifted in the past. That is almost 300 pounds. It's like lifting a batista. Uh-oh. Oh my god. 55 kilo calories. Disnised. Just so old, oh my god. Go to the Philippines. Hide it in, Dias. Ever Olympic gold medal. Same, bro. Because, you know, we are not known for our physical gifts. We are not the tallest people in the world. We are not the strongest either. Sometimes we lose badly, but we never see it as a disadvantage. We see it as a challenge to claim victory by improving our skills and talents even further. We are Filipinos. We are a proud race. Sometimes it makes me wonder, why are we always so proud? Well, the answer is simple. Because we believe that our country's heart and soul are its people. Mmm. Great video, casual shock, man. Wow. Amazing. This video was absolutely just amazing. Fantastic, man. It just shows me more as to why I just love like the Filipino culture and all the things that they do. And, literally, when I would watch Marvel, right? Next thing you know, Dave Batista comes in and he was amazing as an actor. I loved him as Drac's. He's Filipino. Right? Coincidence? I don't think so. I loved Manipack Yao when I was watching fighting way before I would watch. Dude, this dude is so good. Yo. Like, he was one of my favorites. He's Filipino. Like, I'm just saying. And then next thing, you know, singers come along. Man, I'm loving these singers. It's actually phenomenal. Like, how are they so talented? These voices are so unique and different. Filipino. It's not my fault, bro. It's not my fault. These people have the heart and the soul. And they're just so incredibly talented with so much, you know, passion for whatever they do, whatever they want to do. I love it. What that means is that I want to say I love you guys. I want to thank you so, so, so much for watching. I really do appreciate it. If you liked it, leave a like. If you loved it, subscribe. If you want more, let me know down in the comments below. And yeah, until next time, guys. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace.