 What's up guys my name is Miles and my name is Fez and this is the commodity and today we are reacting to the Philippines proudly welcome to you Yes, this video was recommended to us to check out. It's only a three-minute video, but The person that recommended it said that it it showed some pretty awesome features of the Philippines, so yes, I'm excited to check it out and we are needing more videos So let us know down in the comments We definitely want to react or you can join us on discord and let us know in our discord suggested video areas Yes, let's hop in let's do it Sounds like horses are walking yeah They were moving yeah Yeah Okay, so this is a video Done during the pandemic kind of saying like What's happens come see us based off of that yeah, maybe yeah, maybe this well, I mean can you visit the Philippines right now without a 15 or 14-day quarantine quarantine Baleros and thricycles driver, but in the little feet or our government The Filipino people as they are very Like happy and welcoming they take things in stride. Yes, they they they're like you know Life is hard right now. It phases them like yeah, they stay You know smiling smiling yeah, 100% I agree Based of whatever yeah, I would like to be there and learn it first hand First and then the other class in the laban Santa Cajit Matapas at the Pong game yeah, it will do you Let's see the other one Look at that Oh my gosh, that's something out of like Jurassic Park that's like something out of like Someone's dreams. Yeah, that is amazing. Yeah, that's beautiful That is absolutely stunning This isn't video Somebody good with a drone that Oh That's so beautiful Oh That's all you can't really pause on this stuff because it's moving so fast. Yeah, that's so cool I We want to be part of that yeah if if If we're able to get to these places that we're planning on going to we want to help spread the word We want to help we want to go, but we also want to help show why people do need to get these places because it's Absolutely, our first stop is code of cannibalum Malaysia, and that's our goal once we get theirs to push build up the tourism and code of cannibalum and Yeah, so content let people watch it on YouTube be like oh, we need to go there. We need to go there. That's our bucket list now. Yeah Who wouldn't want to be a part of this That's what we're doing The bag of this That was an amazing video. I loved it. Yeah, so just so you know we are pro mask We are both fully vaccinated at this point until left eye not that we have to take another shot But yeah, I've heard that that might be a thing. Yeah, but we are totally for it Yeah, because we want For us for me for my reasoning and it even if like let's say COVID doesn't affect me directly they can affect us exactly so I'm more into it for others I think I'm a fairly healthy person, but then again people my age are still getting affected So it is to help me but the way that because there's a lot of anti people here I Disagree. I was it. That's like what the mask got. I hate wearing the mask I don't really like that like who truly does like nobody likes to wear it, but I Choose to wear it because it makes others comfortable not because it makes me uncomfortable exactly exactly and I think It's just simple caring for others before you care for yourself and I feel like the Philippines and a lot of these Eastern countries Embodied that yeah, now I'm sure there are the people that are anti right Accination type stuff because at the same time I kind of get it. I don't think I disagree with it. It would be as Oh, no because they want to like a lot of these countries are truly shut down. Yeah, the US is almost a hundred percent open if it isn't already so For the people that truly have to follow the shutdown stuff like that I would be the first person or trying to be the first person With that being said, it's more fun in the Philippines my name's Miles and my name is fat. Thanks for watching guys. We love you. Peace out