 Future Friday. The freshest. So, Kakae Baltista. A comedian, right? Just a comedian. Just. But then we saw her do a singing battle against John Alin. Later, John Li-Jona. Correct. And it turns out that Kakae's background is actually, I thought I did a bit of research so I could show you. She actually is a musical theater. No way. She comes from that background and she has that pedigree. Fabulous. This is her singing seriously, which is the first time we're ever going to see her brought not taking the piss. Well, no. We did watch her in the wish bus. Wish bus. And that was pretty serious. But it's going to be really cool to see musical theater-esque technique in the play. And she's going to do a less alonger medley, mate. What? What is that color? It's only my heart. Girl, what? Girl, the accuracy though. Yeah, she is digital, right? That's clean. Clean. People stand up. Right now, stand up. Wow. Come in, Ian. Come in, Ian. Bro, what do we thought? Not that big of a comedian. He's bad. I thought she could hold a tune. Here's the thing. I thought she could. Actually, I was wearing the wish bus. I thought, oh, what a great singer. But then there's like good singing, which is what I think she showed in the wish bus performance. Great singing, good singing, good level singing. With some like, inconspicuous like, where the fuck that content people would find out she's a bit of theater. I did not know she was actually this serious about theater. And then we sell her to the ages thing. Anyone who dares to sing ages, even as a joke, you're a mad bastard. Correct. I'm a little bit of a paraisen. So then she does that. But she's her first job. It's been like comedian being, you know, a lot of the thing is comedic relief. Well, you see, but here's what's difficult. The understanding of an emotional piece like this is so, it's so exhausting. Mentally and physically it's like, oh, my God. You can tell it. It drains it. It takes. Yeah, it takes a toll on the person like it really does. You're living a little piece of yourself in this beat, in this song. So every time you perform them, right? And she is so connected. She is so grounded. And the beautiful thing about her interpretation is that there's a youth element to it that is her. What color? I have a shinery in there. It's so. It's so light. It's so clean. The beauty of her technique here, it's really textbook. It really is the anchoring and the exertion of the great amount of energy. She's very physical with her face. She anchors a lot with her face. There's a lot of jaw modulation. But I also feel like she's a very expressive person naturally. That's just like an added element to her interpretation. One of the more acting is like, oh, but this is beautiful. Do you see what I'm talking about? This isn't an emotional freaking roller coaster. You can see some of the abdomen of war working here. She's so anchored. She's under the brick as well as tears. That is so good. How do you sell this show? Maybe people in the Philippines are really well versed in the fact that you have comedy cacao. And then you have singing cacao. How the fuck do you go from one end to the other and sell tickets in both? That place looked full. Yes, it does. And she has a whole band in there. It's freaking fabulous. She is. Can I just say though this interpretation is so vulnerable. And I love between the first number and the second number. You're hearing a complete change of vocal texture as well as approach to the songs. Because even though they're both very emotional and it's about scorned women at the end of the day. Hot broken women. This particular take is very subtle. It's very raw. It's very tender. And it is swapping from a very visceral, belty kind of performance to do something that it's very delicate. And during the brink of tears to the palpable heartbreak. She's got it all. This is a marathon emotionally speaking though. Yeah, dude, she's no joke. Come on, she is fantastic. It's also standing in the short or giant's work. It's like, Leia did that. Yeah, Leia did that. Wow. That's her version bro, like. Woo! Okay, take a look at that medley. That is a segway baby. She's so polished, like, that's fun. It's very good. This makes me miss my musical theater. You see, wait. You see, this is the contemporary era of Leia, which it was like, you know, the whole Disney pop approach to things. And then she did a bunch of other contemporary musicals, instead of singing, which sued her voice so well. But personally, personally, just me, but let's go here in my couch, in my little chair. I adore the vulnerability that Kaka has brought to the songs that are so iconic. And especially in these era of Leia. And the thing is, I love contemporary musicals. Yes, yes, they're great. But give me a heartbreak. Give me a freaking, I will die without you song. And let Kaka sing it. Because what vulnerability? What? I'm surprised. They have no cost. I guess, again, I think it's because to do with the whole image thing. Because why could she not get casted for singing voice of another princess? It's so fresh. So it's so fresh. In both of them. I think in the musical theatre world, why? Maybe in the Philippines, she's fairly looked after. Yeah, I don't know. If less long was like a comedian, it should be completely different. It would be right. Because she would the West stand and the way they way- They would box them. They would box them. Or you get the comedic relief character sort. You know, they're very- Yeah, it's- They're not iffy. They are iffy. They are a little bit unflexible. I have seen. No, you see, there's this beauty to the matters. But in this particular thing, I feel like talented beings like Akai, just, you know, exude talent. They need to be explored in so many different ways and it's so beautiful to see it done so flawlessly. This is so satisfying to witness. Yeah, this is getting tiring though. This is hard. It's very difficult, my dear. And so many different techniques swaps between song and song. See, this is more chesty, more mixed. It's a bit absurd to belt. But you see her vulnerability is so good. Yeah, she was with the brink of the star, bro. It's too much like. It does matter if that happens to the Philippines, the crowd will sing for you. What a performance dude. What a performance dude. Oh, this one's so overwhelming. I just take it in, chap. Yes. Yeah, Angeline. It's like a proper concert. Yeah, it's like a full-on concert. This is fantastic. I love it. I'm a big guy about this. My god. I love to see her live. I would fucking say any game. The window, this is absolutely phenomenal. Now the vulnerability and the choices made through the whole medley make so much sense. Although the lyrics were real, I think it's because of a musical background and a musical theatre background. I think you play through this. What is it? You sing through this fucking song? That's right. You act through song. Yes. That's the name of the technique for you. You connect emotionally, personally, psychologically, physically towards the piece. And you mask the use of technique in interpretation of acting through the song. So it would make sense for you to anchor in a moment where... Yes. Oh my god. Speak your truth. Yeah. Well, I've seen it with you. I've seen your training and all that stuff. And it's so obvious when you see someone else in musical theatre. This video, because of the red dress reminds me of that video of you in Siling Night, that I showed like months ago. Because it's like that. That's what theatre is. It's always where these red dresses are some reason. No, no, no. It's black. Oh, yeah, black dress. Or these bizarre costumes as well. Oh, yeah. Depends on the show.