 Similarities between Spanish and the Filipino. When we first were back reacting to SB19, we thought it was K-pop song. We're like, hmm, let me hear it. And telly and day! We're like, that's not Korean, is it? So what did you just say? And then after that, we're here now. And we're gonna be leaving for the Philippines in... Oh, I don't know. I don't want this video posted, but at the time of this video being filmed, 39 days. Oh, amazing. It's gonna be... And we also fell in love with those beautiful abs of that. Oh, yes. In Delante! In the Singapore. The singular nipple of Ken. Yeah, SB19. That's the reason why we're going. Because of SB19. And because of Duck, where is he? What are you trying to say, Slacker? What did you do to my beak? Oh, I'm sorry to hear. I got you. You're very... I don't look like a planet. Yes, I just say you're very planet-high looking. Yeah, so let's check this out. See what this is all about. Obviously, we know some of the similarities between the two. But let's see what they gotta say. If you enjoy, subscribe. Like the video. Like we said, go into the Philippines. We have a vlog channel in the link in the description down below. The vlog channel. Subscribe so you can see those vlogs when they come out. We also are gonna be posting some Dubai stuff really quick. If you're interested in any of the brand new bi-blogs. And we're just in Georgia. Uh, post... Or we're just posting vlogs from Georgia. We ate a lot of Filipino food in Dubai. So yeah, taste tests and stuff like that. That big buffet comment. Okay. Let's do it. Here we go. Hello, everyone. I'm Claudia. I'm from Peru. And my native language is Spanish. I am German and from Toronto. But I live in Toronto, but I'm from Manila. And I speak Filipino and English. So I'll say a word and then... Mm-hmm. And count to three and then... We'll say it at the same time. Oh, okay. So first word. Kitchen. Kitchen. Kitchen. Because we all look the same. Yeah. Cosmic. Okay, next word. Book. Libro. Libro. Same. They don't know how to react. Cuchara. Work. This is my first encounter with the Philippine language. This one's interesting because it's like that's how you would pronounce it for the like English pronunciation of the Spanish word. So you can see the Spanish and the English mixing to make that basically. So many in the Philippines word I was referring to, pointing it on the screen but you guys can't see me point. So many influences on the Philippines just all those little letters and languages is... This is my first encounter with the Philippine language. I don't think so. Shoes. Sapatos. Chair. Syria. You said Syria? Syria. Depending on your opinion. Yeah, we're in a city where you can see it in the city. Really? Yeah, if you're in Colombia you can see it in the city. That's a bathroom. But I know. Why did they say bathroom and not CR? We do but for that one we don't use the N.A. or the B. N.Y. Yeah, but we do have N.A. N.Y. Yeah, okay but it doesn't have a little bit of a... Yeah, but we do have that in our alphabet. Oh no. Apple. Monsanas. Cheese. Get yourself. Horse. Caballo. Why is it so interesting the spelling is different for all these two? Because we were to read something in Filipino. I know a decent amount of these Spanish words. To the point where if I saw the Spanish word I'd be able to know what it is. But if I saw the Filipino word I wouldn't know what it is. Even if I said it exactly the same. Yeah, Caballo. I don't know what that is. Caballo. Horse. I speak Tagalog, yeah. Just kind of. My mother told me to speak Tagalog. Let me speak. Trying to think of something that would be... Oh, I understand the Basso. I understood Basso. Which is cup. But not the rest. Can you repeat the phrase like this? Me, you know, misdrinking. Mm-hmm. A hoist. Okay, my cup. Yeah, I only understood cup. If you do it slow, I could understand it. No, I am. I don't know. Maybe you would like to know what it is. You like the material of the table. We use Mesa's table. I think to do it with a kitchen normally is Spanish. Oh, really? Basso Plateau. Really? That's actually really weird. Because I found out that even in very similar languages, the most common things like clothing or... Cup and things like kitchenier things that you use. It's not even in the same language in different countries. For jacket one thing, Mexican say other things or just Indian say other things. Yeah, really? Or the same for skirt. It's never. I find it really funny that two different languages are the same names for things very common. It's because we were under Spanish for 300 years. Yeah. But we kept our language. Like, Caldero, Calan. What's Calan? It's like stove. Yeah, we don't say it in Calan. It's a kitchenier. I feel like I'm just like watching two of this talk that have never met each other. They're just having a conversation about some topic that somebody started for them. Yeah, literally. And then we're just sitting there and you're like, we're judging what you say. It's so cute. What else do you say? Platon. Basso Guchada. And you know what? Yeah, Guchidio. Same. Chijera. What's your secret? Guondin. Okay. Finally, I'm learning something different. So you just need to learn maybe like 100 words. And that's it? Yeah. You're fluent in that way. Like, in 1970, like before 1970s is when they stopped. That's really recent. When they stopped letting like making it was mandatory before it speaks Spanish. Yeah. So we were letting the people speak Japanese, but before that. That's really like a person just George in the ratio. I love it. Yeah, that's it. Great, great job. Alright, almost off. Alright, well glad they met each other, had a nice talk. Yeah, cool to see you. But it's really interesting to see obviously, I mean you know where it comes from. Spanish, we're there for so long so they just kind of, here's a word for you. I mean that was a long time ago, so a lot of those things that probably were invented during that time or came to the Philippines during that time like kitchen Things like or kitchen utensils and stuff like that. They probably didn't have a word the only word for it would be the Spanish being like Yeah, and it's also interesting too because like When Spain colonized different countries is at different times So those countries had like longer periods of time to adapt their language and change it over time because I mean Spain Spanish is different than even like South American Spanish and It just this shows the How like languages can change but there's like no It just like just happens just because like it's more convenient for a certain person or group and I mean in the Philippines Too you can see like especially newer words that have come out and like are newer things that have come out in the last 100 years they just say English. Yeah, so it's Interesting to see how that all goes down especially when they were Philippines was colonized for so long. So interesting. They're interesting cool video. It was a little awkward Hopefully you enjoyed if you did subscribe like the video. See you in the next one. Bye