 Good afternoon here in BGC in Manila finally landed in the Philippines and this is my first day. So we have come here to BGC High Street just to see what all the fuss is about. We just grabbed some food in a Japanese restaurant. It was delicious not too expensive so that was awesome and now I am a sober up who's sog and yeah we're just going to want to promote and see what everyone's up to. This area is very very pretty it's a main shopping district here in Manila as far as I can tell and it's very a market and I can see why all the other foreign vloggers come here to have a look around and see what's happening. Just had a lovely young man from Taiwan come and ask for my youtube channel. He was the first ever person to film that so if he's watching this hello you were lovely him and his family are on a business trip from Taiwan so I hope they're enjoying themselves. There seemed to be here in the Philippines so nice to meet them. This is such a nice area just to come and wander honestly the weather is perfect there's a light breeze it's warm and there's just so many places to go and eat and drink shop it's very very nice love that it's just an open area it's like being inside them all but even better. Don't actually know what the plan is for today I'm just wondering about it just seeing this new area as I mentioned before it's my very first day here in the Philippines we landed last night and got some food had some sick traditional Filipino food and that was great just got checked into the condo and slept till about midday today actually so it's already the afternoon. Just left the high street and we're going to check out this mall over here called Landmark Mall and need to try and find out currency exchange because I currently have nowhere Filipino pesos so I need to get some money exchange I need to try and get a local SIM card as well so hopefully I can do those in here. So we went to Landmark it turns out it's really just a kind of supermarket with a furniture store upstairs so trying to decide where to go now we might go to SM or we might stay about because it looks like there's some kind of concert on in BGC high street so we might hang on it for that I'm not sure yet. This end of town from Manila is absolutely very high and very nice I really like it here I'm going to spend quite a lot my time in Manila in this area I know that for sure. So I'm just heading to a nearby mall called SM Aura I'm trying to get a SIM card in here and change some money so there wasn't anywhere in the high street to do that so but this mall is just right in the corner it's just over here so let's go check it out. This is a nice enough mall and there's got a lot of shops but all the big brands should expect food colour all that kind of stuff but honestly there's not that much here that I can film this could be interesting I need somebody to go punch someone in the face and then this would be a much better video. I'll definitely come back here one day soon and do another video here kind of feel like I'm not even scratched the surface today so I just been wondering about it with no plan and just seeing seeing what there is but I'd be great to come back and do more content here for sure my condos not actually that far from here so it's easy to get to. Pretty much can end this video here but that's been a really fun afternoon and evening in one of a show of Google City High Street and it's a really really nice place and it's busy it's come alive even more at night so yeah it's a great people watching the spot just seeing everyone go about their days.