 Future Friday. The freshest. I could never look at this song and think, wow, what a amazing performance because Efra has ruined this song for me. Whenever Efra's tired, he's saying, Samina, and I'm like, every time I hear that song, I just see the Lucian tired Efra. I like that video of this guy. I don't know if it's from India or Pakistan, but it's like this interview person. And then they're like, me, trying to get his back. Samina, I'm his friend. Samina, I like it. Samina, I like it. Efra, Africa, this is the story. Lingling in the bar. Hang on a little, you're going to be doing it. You're going to be in the star. They know they don't know the lyrics because who does? I don't know what we're checking out. But let's go say, mate, you have to watch this. It's just a bunch of people in a swim and pool. So this is going super extra, the doop viral in all the socials, TikTok, Instagram, Facebook. And you guys were like, you got to check it out. It's a choir group. Yeah, the title says that it's a choir group. Chilling in the pool, but then this proceeds to have a crazy. It's that choir group that took the bus. Oh yeah. They were going to swim. One, two, three, four. So you know me. Whoa, even the lighting changed. Oh my god, come on. It kind of looks like the audio has been put on top of the image. Oh, that's true. Actually, they're working really good for for like... Oh, I don't know. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. This is going to be like dancing. I was going to say this is actually good. This pressure wouldn't it be? So these are the practices. I know that this is not what they were doing in this case. They were just hanging out and they're like preceding to sing because that's what you're doing. But these are the practices that you see from like the iconic singers in the Philippines actually where you have like Regine Velasquez, Les Longas. Oh, there's like a iconic singer is that. Kyla, she said it in the putt because I have parents. And dad put her in a bathtub. Yeah, they used to make her sing line down in the bathtub. And he would put me in a drum filled with water and sing there. Wow. It was wonderful. It was helpful because you know the pressure of the water against your body and you try to sing. It's like you're building your muscles full of water, right? So like, yeah, so in this particular case, yeah, yeah, yeah, floating in the river. Nevermind. To clarify that. Yes, very good. If not, it sounds like torture. Yes, it's different. Anyway, so the point is that when you're under the water, you are weightless, but the pressure of the water actually doesn't allow you to expand your diaphragm completely. So you're working in a resistant basis exercises, breathing exercises. They're really good for the longevity. They're really good for building stamina. They're very good for safe singing technique practices. Again, this is this is all very available in tropical countries. Like, if you are in a country where like the winters are really tough, like in here, I suggest you do it in an indoor pool. Oh, and then the freaking director is in the middle of the pool. Are they actually doing a practice? No, I don't think I just think they're having a good time. Oh, we had a percussion. We had a wet percussion. It's so cool. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so mint. Imagine the neighbors around. It sounds like, imagine the percussion started first. It sounds like some of the clapping cheeks. But if not, and then the, the chick clapping was so great. Fucking heaven. That's what that wet sound is so weird. A clapping cheeks in the face. This guy is in the bottom of our awesome. Damn. You know what's funny? Every time someone claps, by the way, this is a G.A. Every time someone claps, it reminds me like, Oh, my, that's not very musical. She's quite like not gifted in the music room. Whenever we clap, like in tempo, you know, or when I try to show her, I thought I'll put a metronome on. There's just something so unnatural to her about being in tempo. Like, it's so weird. She would be that person in the concert. But everyone was like, yeah, yeah. And she'd be like, and the funny thing is she's a great dancer. I just think she feels rhythm differently. She feels rhythm different. She's actually a great dancer. But she's so jerky when she claps. I think it's a pressure. I think she does it really well on the press. And so many moms are like this, though. How will look at your mom? You watch it right now. I bet. No, I bet. No. No. No. Here is. I want a Colombian friend as well. He went not fucking Colombian. Oh, Colombians have rhythm. It's like, it's like, it's like, It's like salsa's running through their veins. Yeah, but he could not, he did not have any rhythm. Left him out. I was going to say I want to be the devil advocate here. And I'm pretty sure your mom in the Philippines is actually pretty good. That's pretty good. That's a pretty good singer because they're good singers. Yeah. It's a wet sound. It's an ad for what? B and inquire. What is it? What is it? It's a cow. You see the cow? I don't know. I'm very bad at recognizing animals. Yeah, me too, actually. Yeah. An impressive choir has gone viral. What are they called? What's the name of the choir? Choir master and coach Rinali Aquino. Or Rinali Aquino explained that the choir group called Rihina Coeli Fils, Philippines, filmed the video as a casual jamming session during the anniversary celebration. And as part of the preparation for an upcoming choir competition. Yeah. I actually think this is great preparation. It's not only like great bonding, chemistry vocal, chemistry vocal, also given the technical elements and the pressure changes in the swimming pool. Fantastic. Here's what I want to see though. I want to see those choir competitions. All these choirs in their chilling sessions are insanity. That's right. They're so good. I want to see what they look like on stage. I want to be competing against. I was like, what is happening? I want footage. Me too. I want footage, ladies and gentlemen.