 I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry He's amazing, that's why he goes away I know You've another satisfy, no matter how I try Oooh, No you wanna say goodbye to me HEY, I wear your tichokrai That's over it, mom. Look at that, folks. Got a little bit of rainbow going over here, action there. It's, you know, I don't know, six to seven. Thursday evening, 26th January. Now the whole light going on here at the house. The air vent didn't exactly fix the problem. So what we're going to do tomorrow is we're going to pull up the toilet. We're going to run a snake through it, through the pipes. Apparently it's sporadic downstairs, outside toilet flush as well. So I don't know, maybe something stuck in there, I don't know. Another peculiar thing we notice, we try to take the lid off of the tank and the toilet in the master bedroom. And, uh, it won't be hold. The dog on thing is glued to the tank. You cannot break it away unless you take like a screwdriver in a hammer or something, kind of chives and lunder it and stuff, which we're going to try to do eventually. So I don't know why that has happened. I don't know who would do such a thing. But it is glued. I mean, we tugged on that thing and I pulled many a tank, we let off the tanks and they just come right off. That bad boy is glued. So I'm just going to try out, I say it, I suspect the former forming that left in the night back then, because you know, he left three or four weeks before we moved in, so we never bothered to use the toilet. And I have my suspicions, that's all, that's what I'm going to say. I have my suspicions. I mean, who else would do that? Look at the beautiful thing. Who else would do that? You know, I just like, wow. Anyway, myself and baby Skye were still dealing with the sniffles. I think he might have a slight fever, we picked him up from medicine the day before a fever and everything just in case it gets to that point. We pulled the nose fluids out with the little suction things for babies to stop. He's here, he's not feeling too well right now. So I told him no more for the formula for now. We had one six ounce bottle today and I think maybe this morning another one here. And it seems to bother him more, so we're just going to stick with the breast milk for a while. He needs the mother's milk and helping my, feeling my stomach with some nutrients and everything to help him fight off these infections and stuff. He's only 10 weeks old, well I hope he'll be 11 weeks on my day. But still, you know, so I'm going to go back in and see what I can do. She's telling me to stay away because I have the sniffles too, but I need to do something. I just want to show you this beautiful sunset. Let's know about what we're facing tomorrow. So basically tomorrow we're going to pull the toilet and like I said, run a snake through there and see if there's something clogging it. It still has the slow drain and the gruel sound and stuff. But it is vented now, so that's one thing. So we'll see, we'll see how it goes in there. All right folks, one more shot. I'm going to bring it on in. Look at that. Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. All right guys, thank you very much for joining us. Okay, here we're trying to do the next step, even though we did flush it and it flushed right away, but that's the problem. It'll flush right away for maybe half a day or a day and then go back to backing up and gurgling and filling up. And so we're trying to determine what the problem is. We tried the ventilation thing, which is a good thing to have. But this is the one I was telling you. You bring it on for the other one. This thing here, it will not come up. Look at that. It's a tank. Everybody knows how easy. So somebody glued that something again. Why else would it stick? See, I'm pushing. Yeah, to the former forming. Yeah, he's the suspect. He left in an upset mood. So, you know, everybody else stayed with him. So anyway, we're going to figure that out later, right now. I think he's going to try and remove the toilet. They're running the tank. See, the flush is now. See, this is from the hard water. That's just the iron from the well. That's why I want to get a new well dug and try maybe a different watering system or something to get rid of that. Also, a brand new looking here. This is not dirt people. This is the iron in the water. Looks to rush things. So we're going to have to scrub this out really super good. And then probably have to refinished this. And if it doesn't come out here, once we get the new clean water going, which is in the future, and whatnot. So here's what we're looking at here. And we have to deal with this issue now, until we figured out what the potty it is in the pipes. So he's going to pull the toilet and then snake it. See, he keeps flushing it, and it goes down. But you hear it grow a little bit down there. All right, I'll stop here. Okay, I'm going to do a little correction here. You know, when you're wrong, you're wrong, you know. And the tank, once we removed the toilet from the drainage system. And the tank lid came off rather easily then. So I don't know, did suction cause that? I've never seen a toilet and I've removed many toilets in my life. Provide such a suction toward the back of the tank when the lid wouldn't come off. But it just came right off once we removed the toilet and once brother Jay did. I'm saying over here because it's the odors just... Anyway, so he's going to do what he needs to do in there and hopefully snake it out and see what the issue is. There's something's causing it to back up. Something's causing it to clog. So we're going to figure out what that is because it's done. I mean, plumbing is not rocket science here, man. It's about keeping your drains clean, keeping the ventilation in there. And there you proper compartmentalization and the septic tank with the proper inclines. Or yeah, incline, you know, which is gradually... You don't know. So anyway. So my apologies to the former mentioned... ...formin'. I suspected you did your past behavior, but my apologies. Our man enough to admit it. But I've never seen that before where some suction has caused it to where it wouldn't get side. I know it's...there's no adhesive or no kind of glue things on it. So... Anywho, there we go. So we'll follow up this issue as it proceeds. And to its completion. Hopefully, it's successful completion. Alright folks, thanks. Morning folks, Saturday morning. So I'm going to be 26, 30 and 7. Thank you, morning sky. You can still see his eyes. He's still not feeling well. Now all three of us, myself, mama and him, have... Oh, he spit up, eh? It's all down your dress, everything. Hold up, let me pause. Okay. Yeah, I guess he's coming up right anyway. Yeah, we're all congested. Trying to drain his sifle. Sniffles, sniffles. Since Monday, he and I started out as a little bit. Since Monday and she started it, I guess today a little bit. Of course, taking care of me and him. So, having been doing a whole lot. Just trying to make sure he stays... He stays happy, mama's happy, she's smiling. Last night, this past night was a pretty good... There's the best night's sleep we had in Since Monday. He slept two to three hours each time. Instead of every 20-30 minutes waking up with a sniffles. I still think she cleaned his nose and did that suction cup thing out of his nose a couple times. But he wasn't crying like he was before now. That's what we usually see in the morning. See, like that? That's what we usually see in the morning. So, he's feeling a little bit better. We're not totally over it. But, just one of the updated body out. We've been dealing with this for five days now. It's a breathing EJ, okay? They had their sniffles like the week before. Just a little bit. Brother JC's, he's managed to skip everything for now. But I'm gonna take it outside for a little moment here. Okay, it's a little cool this morning. I'm not gonna stay out of here long. Like I said, I'm still sniffling myself, but it's not as bad as it was. I remember my skibbies and my tank. My own thigh wings. Skibbies are sorry about the visual. Anyway, so I'm not gonna stay out here too long. It's one of the good things about living in the country. I used to do this in Tennessee. I walk out of my front porch when I screamed it in. And I sit there in the morning. My skibbies have them in my morning coffee. Not a neighbor for a mile or two. Of course they got neighbors close this morning. But anyway, it's overcast. I kinda hope it stays this way most of the day. We've been running the night mostly with the ACs off. Because the sniffles and everything. It's just more uncomfortable. I mentioned it before. He's more Filipino. He really doesn't like the cold AC too much. Mama likes it more than anybody. I think so. I think it's her. Hey, it's for him. We need to turn it off. She got used to it. I did want to update a little bit here. Brother Jay fixed the drainage thing here. And that comes down here. And right now it finishes off into the bathroom. So the water will go into the CR. I don't want that. We're going to figure out. That's just a temporary fix. You get it from the water. If you're being all over here, you see what's done over here. A little bit. But we're going to fix all this stuff up. Make it look nice. I don't sure if you do the outside. It's the paint. It's just skim cold. Anyway, cleaning up some more. Paint it. Go white. Take that thing down. And either. I don't know. I don't want it to be a trip hazard. When it goes across here. So maybe we'll drill down into it. The pipe or something. We'll figure it out. I just wanted the big wetness to stop over here. You can see over here what the water did. And because I want to get to the point where we start cleaning up this area. You know, touching up, washing up, washing up all this stuff here and everything. And over here, when we wash this more, the regular basis. Once I get the diamond plated thing down. The bamboo cut is going to slowly see what's dying over there. He's getting back there when he can. When we don't pull him off on other things. Like with the toilet. For now, the toilet thing has been rectified. Not so sure so much if it wasn't the air vent. That might help it more better now. But when we pulled the toilet, we tried to sneak it from the toilet. When we pulled the toilet, we tried to sneak it first. But then we pulled the toilet and discovered it didn't really need a snake. I guess they put some kind of mixture of adhesive and cement at the base of the toilet around the flange. The wax ring flange, what do you want to call it? And the wax ring thing itself seems to be a collapse a little bit. You know, it's been there just over a month. So anyway, he said there was a hole or something. The mixture of cement and adhesive. It's what they use here in the Philippines. Not always, but a lot of people do here instead of just putting a sink over the wax ring and then pressing it down. That suction, do the work. And then caulking around the outer bowl. They use this mixture of adhesive and cement. And it basically covers the whole bottom of the bowl. Well anyway, what he discovered it wasn't done correctly. Because I guess he's worked with a plumbers assistant for like a year and he said that was the issue. So we fixed it yesterday afternoon, about an around noon time. And he put the toilet back on and then we waited, had the wait for it to dry. That's when you use that adhesive, cement mixture, whatever it's called. You have to give it time to dry before you sit on, especially a big boy like me. So you know, we could, we could, we could water the toilet down. But you couldn't do anything else with it until they completely dried. We're completely dried now. But we've flushed it a few times throughout the night. It's just like a charm, like a beauty. So for now, it seems we'll see after it goes for days and weeks with no issues. And then the problem has been solved. And that the one happens downstairs and the CR downstairs will do that too. This one I don't think we've had a problem yet. It flushes pretty good. So we'll see what's going on. Sorry for the sniffles going on. It just got congested through the night and hopefully when I get some hot tea or hot coffee this morning, you'll go away. Oh, anyway, that's kind of what's been going on. I probably say a little toilet video following this or or or or preceding this. I probably put it following this because that's you would think after I talked about it. And I'm going to show you. It's just a little bit about what he's done. Just show something. Sometimes I get too wrapped up with baby sky. I don't I don't feel one out of need to a complete scenario of events going on. No matter how small or minute. But I'm not sure what the plan is today. Well, yes I am. It's more bamboo removal. I can't remember if I said it in another video, but we had another big huge brow that was bigger than the cobra over here. I don't know if it was a cobra or not. He didn't stick around but the J didn't stick around when he was over here. Back side there. We still got to clear out some stuff and put it in the ditch and then burn it and then we got to clear out over here. But I have him tackling the bamboo for now. He's doing solo on it. If you ever dealt with bamboo before, it's not an easy job. You don't just go out there and whack it and go, especially one person. Anyway, that's what we're looking at for the day. If something interesting pops up, I'm glad to put it on the video and share it with you folks. Alright guys, thank you much. Get one. I'm on the little principal rest waiting for my mom to return. Let's do a check. A Tito. Yes. Tito is there working hard so you can see how far he's come with the bamboo. Everything is still a lot to do. That's the biggest chunk of bamboo there. Then you got this one right there. That's the biggest chunk. Boy look at him climbing. He's climbing now. Yeah, ladies and gentlemen downstairs, make sure the kids are up from their nap. Sounds like it. Sounds like EJ's little cranky. We don't sleep anywhere between 11 to 2 with the latest. Okay, be careful now. Alright. Baby Sky and I are still under the weather. Baby Sky and I are still under the weather a little bit. Yeah, I got it straightening up because all sideways now. Alright, thanks folks. Okay, he's burning the leaves around before the bamboo. That's the progress on the bamboo on that side. Slow but surely you can see it's turning more brown. So we still got quite a few things to go and maybe the brown gets a little burn easier next time. That's the status. It's just giving you the status of the window and some still under the weather. And over here, still pot. We still got to burn the green up ahead and turn it to get the brown back there. But it's all part of what we can do with what we have. Alright, just wanted to close this out. It's a nice cloudy evening. It's a little human though. Alright folks.