 Greetings and food lovers! Welcome back to my channel. My name is Alex and today we are going to have a very very sweet discussion because today on our food review we are going to review Filipino sweets. I told you previously that I'm the person who likes to eat a lot of sweet stuff and today I decided to visit Filipino pastry and go to some of the items that I never ever tried in my life. Yes, I have seen them many times because around here when Filipino pastry are located but I have never ever took a chance to try it and today here's the chance and we are going to try and review it together with yourself. So guys, prepare some nice snacks, prepare some tea, coffee, seat, comfortable and let's start our sweet discussion. Let's go. Okay, so I'm the person who likes to eat bakery a lot and in my country I used to have plenty of bakery shops around. Recently we have visited my country and I have treated my wife with very nice bakery and that was like you can call it a pie or you can call it a bread. It was cherry pie or cherry bread. Also there was a couple of croissants, there was a couple of cherry and vanilla mixed breads and when she tried it she actually liked it a lot. Because what I like back home, this is the amount of different bakery stuff we have and when I've seen that in Filipino pastry I decided why don't I make a very nice food review and I'm trying a lot of sweet items and giving my feedback about it. Okay guys, so let's start from left right from my left of course. Yeah, so we have here a heck of a pie. Just look at this, look at this amazing texture. It's so fluffy, so chilly. Just look at this. It's just amazing. Just look, look of love and jelly. It's very soft and the side of the pie is also not that much hard as I've seen in other pies. Next one is very interesting because I was basically not impressed by the way it looks but I hope by the way it tastes if you'll be better because this is a buko pie. Buko pie guys, you for sure know what is that. This is a coconut pie. We have here and pineapple pie and pineapple pie also something that I'm going to try for the first time. So now we are going to one of the most unique bakery I have ever seen and believe me I've seen a lot and this is something unusual. I'm the little one, just look at the color. Color is like blue or I do not even boil it you can say. This is very mystery. Yeah and for those who doesn't know what is this, I'm going to explain you guys. This one is a pandissal but it's not usual pandissal. Inside of this pandissal is one of my favorite vegetables, uber. Uber, pandissal, or pandissal with uber jam and this is going to be fantastic because uber is one of my favorite for all types. So when I've been in the Philippines I tried pandissal for the first time but I wasn't going for the regular one because regular one you can always find anywhere. I was going for the unique one which is made with malung guy. Pandissal with malung guy and the name that was the wrong pandissal. I extremely like it when it's fresh when it's just taken from the oven. It's still hot, it's still soft and I could have finished maybe 20 pieces at once. Imagine guys, it's very cheap actually when you buy it in the bakery shop and you can buy a huge bag for like a very small amount of money and inside around 30 pieces of the pandissal. It's a fresh, it's a soft, it's a little bit sweet, amazing smell. It's a used senior just to eat non-stop and that was one of all the time I favor it. And then when I came back from Philippines to place I'm saying right now I found out that there is another leg of pandissal and this is actually the uber pandissal. Another thing we have here is I believe it goes bokeh bread. Yeah it was coconut bread or bokeh bread. I bought one piece because I didn't know what exactly it is and it looks nice and now I'm going to try and discover what exactly is this bokeh bread. Or coconut bread, cold whatever you like. So let's start from our egg white. So let's just take a little bit from the front. So let's try and let's see how nice and tasty is that. Wow that is great guys. You literally put it in the mouth and it's melting. You just literally press with your tongue and that's it. It is literally melting. Wow. No you must try some one more piece. The wooden is not that sweet. What I like in generally in Filipino sweets you are not putting a lot of sugar in that. This is actually great thing. I believe that's like no need to add a lot. Just let it be the little bit sweet and it gives you unbelievable taste. Unbelievable impression. Literally melted. The only thing that I'm chewing is this shell that left from the egg pie. That's one thing that I'm basically eating. The rest the egg itself, the egg pie is melting. Amazing guys. Now we are going to move to this one which is pineapple pie guys. Pineapple pie is also you know like jelly stuff and little bit similar to egg pie I believe in in the way of it's made. So it also has like a rock and inside a lot of jacks. So let's take a piece just cut it like that. And I want to smell it guys. We like it. A smell of pineapple for basically to not be what? Really? My god. This is just the smell. It's so natural. This is what I like when you make it by yourself. When you make it in a small amount but you make it properly and you make it with real ingredients. And this is something that I really respect. And for the pastry shop I've bought it from, big respect to you guys and big shout out because you are amazing. It's little bit you know like jelly from the other side it's melting and it's you can feel it by pineapple itself. This is just perfect. Just amazing. It's like jam slash cream. Wow. Nice. The real taste of pineapple, little bit sourness is there. Not too much sweet as I told you. You can put a lot of sweets and it's good. It's well balanced. Wow. This is actually a good one if you drink cup of tea or coffee. That one will be perfectly fitting into that combination when you combine it. So let's move to another one and another one is buko pie. Buko pie made absolutely same way as all other guys. This is little bit jelly. Soft. It's like you know like a sponge. But it's not smell. I don't know why but buko pie doesn't smell like buko et al. Let's also split it and get some. Peace. I can see already pieces of coconut and I'm excited to try it. So let's go. Maybe just my impression but I was expecting more coconut taste from this cave. Generally it's very good. It's pretty similar to pineapple one also a creamy texture but this one is more creamy. It's not melting just like a little bit heavy. You can feel a lot of coconut meat inside. A little bit more sweet than previous ones and I don't know I cannot say it's my favorite type of pie. Definitely this tasty but not my favorite honestly. Yeah I can eat it but again you need to eat it with something hot like a coffee or tea. Now me a moon you forward and we are going to take this coconut of buko bread and if you look inside it's quite similar to condensed milk if you if you ask me. Let's just take a piece and try. The jam is just wrapped in the bread and becomes like a sweet enjoyable combination. Wow including as a totally condensed milk even but it's so nice. I haven't expected it to be so good if you ask me if I'm going to buy this one for sure I will. Sorry guys couldn't hold myself I finished already half of that. So we have a last piece left and this last piece is as I told you will be over by this side. So let's check what they have inside. Oh Allah guys you see that. So half of the bread is just the bread and little bit of jam is from this side. Yeah it's very little. So let's try. Let's give our judgment. The bread itself is a little bit sweet where you soft, like you sponge too much soft and easy to chew. It has this little uber taste of it and because of this cheese and a little bit of sugar and salt it's little bit sweet not too much. And then comes to jam which jam is very good. Jam is fantastic. Wow. This one guys is definitely number one. This is king cut among the breads. Wow this is nice. This was quite nice and enjoyable review for me because so many different types of speeds on the table and I managed to try them all and I'm enjoying. Okay guys so that's it for today and thank you very much for being staying until the end of this video. So what is your favorite speeds please let me know in the comments below. It will be very interesting for me to know your opinion and thank you very much for staying until the end of this video. I appreciate that a lot. Click the thumbs up if you like this video. Also press the notification bell. Subscribe to my channel and thank you very much once again. I will see you soon in next video. As of now I wish you a good day and bye bye. bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye.