 So why did you choose to study here in the Philippines? Why Philippines? There are so many other countries in the United States, Canada, US, why Philippines? Very budget friendly. Here exactly. Hello guys, second part of my YouTube channel. You are welcome to ailing, ailing, YouTube channel. Can you tell me in the last video how you are doing? YouTube channel, please don't forget to subscribe, like and share after watching. So that I can have a YouTube channel here with me also. Chamaka, I welcome you to my YouTube channel. First of all, you may be able to guess what that's my YouTube subscribers also for me. Okay, my name is Chamaka. And that's called a Quei. And that's called a design to me. Yeah, I forgot to know how my YouTube channel is. So, in today's video, we discussed things. I was asking myself, this film has been so special in the Philippines. So, it's not like I'm joking, you know. So, firstly, how did you hear about the Philippines? Okay, and I heard about Philippines. I was so, so happy like. It was just like a dream come true because after my wife, my name is also very, very good. So, my uncle told my dad that she knows which dad's name is in Nigeria. So, he was like, as she was studying in the Philippines. I was like, find out. I don't know what to study in Nigeria. So, I was like, how did I hear about the Philippines? Yeah, from my uncle, he told my dad about Philippines. How affordable it seems. I'm quite excited. So, I was like, I love that. I actually don't study in Nigeria because I'm stressed. Jesus Christ is here. I love that so much. So, how did you feel when you came to the Philippines? Maybe from your, from the airport? Yes, I was really excited. Okay, at first, inside the plane, because I was also excited to come to the Philippines like, excited for the day, oh my God, from the plane I said, having bad feelings. Because we used Thailand to come here to the Philippines. The way it landed, Jesus Christ. I was already praying to God, I've known with my mother for a while. I'm not saying that the day was so stressful for you. What it did in the morning, like about July or that, right? I said, so there is an air. Yeah, exactly. Okay, when I was in Nigeria, June told, I arrived, June 5th. I'm so nervous. So, now, like, Jesus Christ, when Thailand was landing, I saw my spirit living my body. I don't know, forget that. Never be born in land there, Jesus Christ. I saw the airport, I saw this as the right airport. This is not giving airport's vibe. Because in Nigeria, the airport is the one very different than the lights of the day. The lights of the day. When I saw it, I was like, I was already getting homesick like, shits. So, for the first food, you tried, maybe you can put it in here. You can put it in here. Maybe you don't know what I tried was. Jedi D. I tried either Jedi or Mantu now. I tried it many. They brought rice, my gatsy, and my gatsy, I was waiting for this too. Mantu was like, let's start eating. He also brought the rice. So, Jesus Christ, I asked him, is this still finished? He was like, there is no stew. That is how it is. I could not eat the food. I just thought that I don't worry. Just some eats more because, this is not the right. I'm not eating the rice. I could not eat the rice. It was a little like, at that day, it was the fries and the chicken. Then, the rice, I thought, I'm sorry. You were going to be so sad. I'm sorry, I cannot smell it. I feel like praying open like this in the smell. But now, have you tried anything? You know food, apart from the Jedi D. So, I have a try again. Yeah, I've tried. I have a try that double. Yeah, I don't know. But I think I've a try for this. No, I don't know. I've not tried it, but I had a Swiss light. It is a little bit, yeah, it's good. It is hot. What if it's good? The men are like this. Man, I think only sin I can. Adopt to it is that sin, and I don't know. I don't know. I'm a NASA. I love maybe you get to kill me. Oh, very good. So, when you came to the fish, you were full of the first impression, like, where you don't learn, they came up from the fish. When you said, what's the acid acid acid? You see it? No, I did not see it. Jesus Christ, I did not see it. I was like, I want to go home. I was trying to find some places that I want to go. I was so low, I was inviting you because the Jedi did true to be told where we went to, like, after all coming out from the airport, the hotel in Lodge was first one, you called. Yeah, maybe that one. One you called. You know, they have nice places here. Madala. So, I think it was a place I went to. And it was in the night on the nearest hotel we could book. Oh, good. When I saw it, I was like, this is a backyard of my GF. Even my backyard. It was like a calendar, or those things. Let me tell you, come into this country. It was a kind of sweet-eyed path. I was thinking because my aunt said, she told me that, she brings with her. Maybe she's not really new. They place areas I forgot. Actually, maybe I did not know us now what she was saying. Because, so she brings with her. What my broadside comments are, they bring with my clothes. I do not carry clothes. My younger sister was like, works, she did not buy clothes to get things to be painted. So, I took most of the things I packed was food, hair accessories, and sweaters. And I have not worn one of my sweaters. I was like, okay. But, a special matter is reality. When I was playing, I think I wore a lot of the paintings with this. I was expecting me. I was thinking, it was really hard. I love you. It's love. So, any cultural show, physically, if any, cultural show, you have witnessed. Well, it looks, but the one I am like, maybe the dress to church. That's all I need. Because, so on days, you know, not everybody goes to church every day. But, that's so on day. That's so on day. It's supposed to be in a movie. But, before that, I went to Zimbabwe because when we came, we went to buy the beef. We were coming to this place. Oh, my, you see the kind of Ankara. I said, this is not church or going to, so sorry, you were badam. This was also what the dress was. And, like, 90-year-old church, anyway, we have to dress more and like, you have to dress more. You are not making it to dress or more. It's the kind of one that I paint so that looks good. This one, I'm also writing Ankara for this show. Because, the season I bought Zimbabwe, no way. When I'm going to move. Yeah. So, let's face them. So, it's a case of this thing, then it's like about a clip, for the like. For me, what I like about this country? Everything about them, like, their life is just going in terms of payments, instrumentally, it's just a mental and a message of who are going to school. Like, their life is just going in conflict so, that don't join. And, yeah, professional systems are really good. And, yeah, it's just a reality about the education now. This is very, very good. Yeah, that's it. So, any what is created for the country is really good. Then, it's maybe someone that don't make the people any bad reaction for good, doing it. Well, what I would say is people, the artists, are nice. Why do you think that you want to come into my room? It's just for facing. I've actually met a good Filipino person. I can't actually tell about it. In terms of school. I don't know why. I think even when they come with that, they can't really go. Oh my god, they are crying. They are talking to us. They are not too cool. I will also have to get that time to come because I am happy about the cool people. I just have sustained because I could do it. Wow. I'm not supposed to be coming in there. I can't decide why you see any Filipino, they see you black, they just have to leave you behind. I'm not going to come here because I know they would have to take you to any makeup because it's quite nice for both of us. Why did you choose to study here in the Philippines? Why did you choose to study here? Why did you choose to study here? Okay, why did I choose to study here? One. Very budget friendly. Yeah, exactly. Two. Philippines is more about medicine. Like most of the causes they do in this country is nothing. Any medical system. So it's a negative medicine. So, these are going to Canada to pass. I'm not getting child. It's up to the considerate. So, let me say the country is actually up for the food. For the life student life is not up for you. Because they do work right now. They are still surviving. Yeah. So, we encourage any of your friends or any Nigerians to come after the Philippines. Your own next opinion. Well, for me if you're a girl I will tell you not to call. This country can so it's ever made guys. Yeah, it's ever made guys. Maybe this the guys, the camaraderie, the Philippines. Exactly. Those kind of advantages. The guys can also definitely not get so much money. Why did you say that? I don't want to marry. Exactly. Because we know we Nigerians will have us. I think that is a really rich feeling. We have not been that good. I think it's because of this. I think it's because of environment. Well, for me, coming to Philippines I will be the Joker part. If I were a boy or a girl I would tell you to call. But I would tell you the reality. Not to like what? That's what it's for. Yeah, I just have a money. I don't have money. I don't have money. I don't have money. Because you are not going to walk as a student. So you graduate. You depend on your parents. Because there is no work in this country. At all, there is no work. So coming to this country is actually fun. Especially for you guys. Because they have plenty advantage. It's done. Me to girls. Oh wow. Okay. So have a talent in Philippines. You know what? In the world. So far. I think you need to. You need to do it. It's well on muscle. I'm hard. So how much? You're supposed to know that one. For a lot. I don't know. And oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's also. Okay. So that's the best. I don't have to say to the kind of love. Maybe one of them was the one who did it. Yeah. So the ones have made so far. And you need to do it to me. Much love. Like you guys are the best. And I don't know what to say. But honestly, you guys are the best. Like one of the reasons I'm still smiling in this country because to be a foreigner honestly, it's kind of a dream to be a foreigner in this country. And you guys are actually you guys are actually in the country. You have any plans to come over? Come on. So much for watching. And don't forget to follow her. Yeah. You have YouTube channel. I forget to like this video She Thank you for watching. See you in my next video. Bye.