 Over time the Filipino languages were infused with words from English also created its own hybrid dialect called the Filipino language. Oh yes, talking about Taglish. I had to get used to Taglish right so it's a mix of Taglish and then Tagalog. It's very very easy to follow, even as a foreigner. What's up Philippines! Welcome back to another direction really host Billy. I'm so happy to see you. Once again, welcome, welcome. Today we are reacting to a very very simple video title. Philippine English. English. Philippine. Oh my god, I can't even talk anymore. Okay, Philippine English. Yeah, it's going to be an interesting one because I think it's going to explain the way how Filipinos talk and I also learned the pronunciation of Filipinos while living in the Philippines and it's common different, right? So instead of, for example, saying pressure, they say pressure. So it's kind of different but also not and it's very easy to understand. But let's just see what this person has to say about Filipino English. Communicate with Nate. All right, Nate. Welcome back to another episode of Communicate with... Same intro. Nate, that's right. Did I just say the same thing? Back here with me today, it is my greatest pleasure to talk to you about something that is close to my heart because I've spent a lot of time of my life in the Philippines. All right. And it's one of my favorite countries. It is one of my homes. And so I love the Philippines. And I would like to talk about a subject called Philippine English. What is Philippine English? All right. That's what we're going to talk about today. Like and subscribe if you want me to continue to make videos about different varieties of English around the world. It's a subject that I love. So he lived. And let me know if it sounds interesting to you. But it's like 14 years old. It's a Philippine English. Philippine English is a fascinating dialect of English that is spoken by over 100 million people in the Philippines. Wow. It's a unique blend of American English and Filipino languages. With its own distinct grammar, vocabulary and pronouncement. Very true. Now you might be wondering how did this dialect of English come about? Well, the Philippines was a former colony of the United States. Did you know that? There was a million and I didn't know about that. Because it was a colony that led to the widespread adoption of the Philippines. The purpose here probably, but forget it's a major section. And a major part of daily life in the Philippines. Over time, the Filipino languages were infused with words from English. Also created its own hybrid dialect called the Philippine English. It's a dialect. And its own right, holy respectable dialect of the English language. It's a regional dialect. So one of the most notable features of Philippine English is the use of the local language. Whatever the local language is, that is generally infused into the English by many people. So you might hear like, I'm going to take a break instead of like my, my name is Apple. You know, they're just different things. You might hear someone say like in Sibuano. I know Mwari Shau Mata. So like I know he will come to the Philippines. Oh he is talking about Tagish. Everyone speaks at least some words of English. Up to Sibuano, it's not Tagish. It's a galogen English. There are many different levels of English in the Philippines. So when we say Philippine English, it's actually not only one type. I mean, there are several varieties. You have call center English. There are several boring moments with answering calls. Because I take different types of calls every day. And I learn that not all customers are the same. I've been trained to be on top of every situation, whether it's a good call or a bad call. And I make sure that I provide the best customer service possible. You have provincial English. These are different accents of the language. Our program says Sibuano para Sabatang Bang Samoro, where we provide books for kids in conflicted areas in Vindanao. Yeah, now what do you say? The established one. The one that we want to promote. The habit of reading for the school children in conflicted areas. You have Manila English. Yeah, Manila English. Happy birthday. And I wish you happy and you birthday. And I wish video greeting. This is something that we have in Austria, more with Vienna. It's the capital city. It's just very different. I'm Sibuano, native speaker. So if you're the person that wants to learn or to speak the language, like from the side of the dialogue or even in English, then I may be like the top. What aspect of Philippine English is the pronunciation of certain consonants, slightly different than American English, such as the TH. The. It can be pronounced as. That's right. Da. Okay, so Da Man, for example. Da Man. And these are not all varieties of Philippine English have to note. Have these changes, but these are some of the general ones found in a lot of people. So you might also hear the V be pronounced as. V as in boy, like Victor, Victor. Yeah. These are just differences. Yeah, that's true. And you know, I wish English also often pronounces TH as. These are things that are found throughout the world. And each one is valid in its own right. And each one is a is a respectable dialect. The H a's pronounces. There are also some words in Philippine English, such as he. It's definitely part of the English language there. That means like you have like butterflies in your stomach. Just this one of those beautiful words that it's adopted into the language. So in closing, Philippine English was brought in the early 20th century by the Americans. To the country which was they were previously. Yes, it was brought. And of course the important languages are the local languages. Tagalog, sepano, varay-varay, ilucano, ili-gaynon, paginda-naunon. They're all important. Also, Viba-baon, people. He knows quite a lot. All of these languages and language groups, picolano. These are all very, very important and a major part of the Philippines. The English language is important there. But let us never forget the importance of the local languages in these places. Philippine English is great because it's easy for people to communicate. Nice to point that out. At the same time, we always want to protect the local languages. Those are very, very important. I love Philippine languages. I actually speak three Philippine languages. Let me know. In the comments, if you speak any of these, Tagalog, sepano, ili-gaynon. Now, I speak sepano. Because I mostly lived in places that speak sepano. I also learned Tagalog quite a bit from watching movies, just listening to it. And seeing a lot of writing online, that has helped us well. And then ili-gaynon, I just love the sound of it. That sounds like they're singing. Dao negacanta, desi la, the sepano, I remember them saying something like, dana-aki, ha manga sepano, con malipayon, yeah, you get to picture. So they love saying, the sepanos supposedly sound angry even when they're happy. And the ili-gaynon goes basically sound happy even when they're angry. And so these are really cool languages. They're austronesian languages. I love the austronesian language family. That's also like Indonesian, Hawaiian, Malagasy, Māori. These are all related languages. So I love those languages. Beautiful. Japanese. They're really cool. Let me know in the comments below if you want to learn more about philippine English. A philippine English is really interesting. It's a subject worth studying. See you guys later. Valet point. Valet point. Great video. Good insight as well. I have to say, I had to get used to taglish, right? So it's a mix of English and then the connecting words are mostly said in galo. And then, you know, it just makes sense to me what they want to say when I listen to my friends, when they're talking to each other. I get one text of the conversation. So it's very, very easy to follow, even as a foreigner. Yeah, let me know in the comments section down below which the philippine's language is used to. I know it. That was everything for today. If you want to check out my travel videos, there's another channel called Nilly's Life, following it down below. And if you want to become a YouTuber like I am and make it a living, make this possible, please follow my other passion project, which is the Freedom Creative Academy, where I share some three tips how to improve and become a YouTuber. And I also offer one of them calls, not for free, but for a fee. And there are passes coming soon as well. So if you want to check that out, please do so. Everything's linked in the description box below. What's up philippine?