 It's somewhat common in America to put your parents in an old age home. One they get older. But here it's common for the parents to come and live with the children. Oh! They care. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! I'm right. I'm deal. You got me back in to get reacting to Yes, Sun, Sun, Sun. Reacting to I love how respectful Filipino culture is. So, we're seeing it. So, quick shout out to Zelliana, Alan Sub, Perina. Shout out to you. What's up, Zelliana. You know what I love on here. I appreciate you and thank you so much for supporting the channel. We love you, man. We love you so much. And we got the coldest water bottle in the house. It's for us. It's so cold. It's so cold. It lasts for 36 hours straight for real nonstop. No sweat, nothing. It's doable. You got to get this right. Check it out in the description below. Hey, they also have a kids water bottle. How about that? It's a 12 ounce for your kiddos, all right? Yeah. We give away one weekly. The link is in the description. It's the first link. Click that to enter the giveaway. All right. And you can also purchase your own right now. You can get 10% off by using the cold red RDTV. Yes, there we go. It's OK. It's RDTV. RDTV. All right. Before we get to it, you have to smash the like button. Right now, just smash the like button. And then hit that subscribe button, and then hit that bell notification. Dingin' out so follow us on our Instagram and red.dltv. Soon down you, come in, sign Instagram. Soon down you, come in, sign Instagram. Soon down you, come in, sign Instagram. Come on and clap your hands. Come on and clap your hands. OK, OK, this is it. OK, face quick, let's go. You know, the Philippines takes respect for their elders very seriously. The other day, I saw a line at Burger King specifically for senior citizens. At a Burger King, you would never see that in America, especially at a fast food burger restaurant. It struck me like a light bulb. If you listen closely around the streets of Manila or the Philippines, you'll hear words like Paul, Ate, and Kuyah. These words are meant for respect purposes. Paul is basically Mr. and Mrs. Kuyah is used for when you're talking to an older male, and Ate is used for when you're talking to an older female. In English, we have a big, big, big cod. I don't call my sister Rachel, Ate Rachel, or Mrs. Rachel. I call her Rachel. Even further, it's common for grandchildren to ask for the hand of their grandparents when they walk into the house for them to place that hand on their forehead as a sign of respect. It's the main cause of the manopha. And I actually made a video about this a couple months ago and it did quite well on Facebook. My point is that the Philippines takes respect for their elders very seriously. And I think that's a pretty cool aspect of their country. But I actually wonder, why do they take this seriously? Well, it's culture. It's deeply rooted in Filipino culture. It should take care of your elders. It take care of your parents. That's great. I also think that it has something to do with how family oriented the Philippines is as well. It's somewhat common in America to put your parents in an old age home, one they get older. But here it's common for new parents to come and live with the children. Oh. They care more about the family. They have that Ultang Nala ob, which is basically translated to a dead of gratitude. While in America, we might forget what our parents did for us. They do not forget, but their parents did for them here at the Philippines. And this term, this Ultang Nala obit, it runs deep. It's not just, I'm gonna pay you back later, or it's not just like a debt that you have. This is like a togetherness. This is like, you're sort of bound to someone's soul. You know, this isn't just like, oh, oh, you know, I'll get you later. I'll pay you back five bucks. No, this is a deep or togetherness that runs as deep as anything in life. Carrying is sort of like a huge Filipino trade, if you think about it. And I know Americans care too, but it doesn't run that deep. It tends to not run that deep. I had someone travel four hours. Somebody didn't know me. He traveled four hours to come and see me on a meetup every day. I've had people who just met me, throw out the table for me and place tons and tons of food on the table in front of me. Five seconds after shaking my hand. This is a country that cares, actually cares. And that's one of the big reasons why I continue to stay here. The fact that I want to stay here for longer. What do you think about this? Do you think that showing too much respect can go too far? Did you learn something new? Did you like it? Please let me know in the comments section below. Thank you all so much for watching. Tom out. That was a great video. You know, showing too much respect can never go too far. Thank you. You could never show too much respect. And we see it time and time again with our subscribers. Like all the time. The Koo-Ya. We never knew what it means. A lot of messages come. The Koo-Ya, Dion, Koo-Ya, Rail. They were like, well, what does that mean? That's a former respect. Like that's awesome. We were chatting with a subscriber yesterday. And she was like, hey, I'm bringing out a big huge suitcase full of snacks. We're like, what? You guys really care. It's amazing. That's why y'all are friends. Yes, seriously. Yeah. Why didn't the lower let me be born in the Philippines? In the Philippines. Y'all are our Filipino friends. Yes. Brothers and sisters. Why would you make me Filipino? Because I'm me. Wait, wait. OK. No, but I had something else I was going to say. I forgot. Oh, snap. You know what I was going to say? I don't know.