 Alright then, first of all it's going to be an interview! I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. Wahahahahhhhh! Hi guys welcome back to our channel. So yeah, so for today's video guys, we are going, we are going for breakfast. Will we going? Well, we woke up early because there is a new McDonald's open up over here, we will be going to try to see, you know, how they are doing. Yeah. It's come in the via here, don't worry. So we wake up like it's something. The mayor was there yesterday so the mayor also is going to be there today. So let's go. So unfortunately that link. We are checking out the camera with us and my sister because she was vaccinated. I mean the other sister is vaccinated already but to be fair to everyone so she's not coming with us. Not yet. Hello. Hi, it's no, it's not. Yeah. The next is the breakfast, it's not just the water, right? You have the water, you have the water. We need the water, we need the water. We need the water, like the cleaning. No, I can't trade more. We need the water. No water. Yeah. What do you have to do? We need the water. So no water at all? Who is? Who can get it? What do you have? I don't know, so let's say, you have to go out. No, it doesn't mean we can go out running water from the tank. So we are just talking about guys because... What is the... Yeah, management let us know that there's the water and the water. What is the next four days? Yeah, for this guys, no water. Because the water is the peak of it, right? I mean we have water, man, it's limited. The water is just limited. It's like you only can use that like wash or go and tell you something. But next shower, no, not really because it's like... We need to save the water for the... for the police. So yeah, we just took into the lobby. So now we are going to the McDonald's guys. So yeah, my sister cannot come because... my sister is not vaccinated and well-given so you know... it's not vaccinated, it's not yet. The other one is vaccinated but then... she has a class because she cannot come with us. So we just... we just gonna buy for them, take out both of us. Yeah, we are starting to this opening of McDonald's. The opening since yesterday, guys. So we are happy that the opening McDonald's goes to our place because... if we don't know what to eat for breakfast, just eat. She just comes here and yeah, it's breakfast. So this is the McDonald's just open. So now we need to go far because we have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So we are going to have a little... close to our place. So I get big big fish. So this is the big big fish. And this one is... and this one is... and this one is... and this one is... generally has... small... What is that? It's a small big fish. I get big big fish. And you have a small... big fish. Yes, it's a big fish. And of course we.... blood's coffee. And this is... blood's really, guys. I'm still thinking the size of the coffee. One for our little one girl, she took my two sister She just bought for them for each out guys Like what I said before They cannot come with us because the other sister Not vaccinated yet and the other one is vaccinated But then she had a class, she cannot come with us And we will cheat of course with her sister Let her use also He cannot come, he cannot get vaccinated also But yeah, so we just buy them for each out guys So, and they are trying to get vaccinated here Eating breakfast, trying to get this new opening of McDonalds Close to us But they are not checking the record right now I know That good in a way and very good And I like the sitting guys The seat because like you know And Of course, it's new open so it's clean It's healing me One question No, when you got that I like my coffee to be really hot You think you can pop it in a microwave or something Hot, making more hot of this coffee Is it okay? I like it real hot Same thing with this lady Yeah So just, no need to throw it just put in a microwave Yeah Enjoying your breakfast You didn't try yet It's been a while, it's been a while And we are lazy to go to other McDonalds Which is like 15 minutes walk from our place We are lazy to go there and wake up in the morning This place is good for us Because it's like just 5 minutes walking Wake up and go to this place Right, what up? The fresh, no need to take shower Yeah, just came and it's very fast here Right? It's very you know What is it? How to see that? It's a little bit convenient Yes You get it I need mine I need you I will do it again I will do it again I will do it again Then, I will taste it all But now, it's hot So, it's like me It's a way to have a lot of it The only problem is, you need to heal this area We have security card It's like, I need 4 tickets We need to do all that But it's really risky to get a bigger one You can get a lot of things around here You can get a lot of things around here Alright First, first, we'll share This is going to be like an interview It's a close-up interview So, what is, you know, so how it is? How's that opening of Niamak Donal? Oh, you know, what it's okay You know, I mean, it's just like another McDonald's Oh, why? Yeah, but just because it's so convenient for us We just down the road from here So, you know, I'm excited It's not that I like McDonald's And which yours, your excitement? How excited you are? Three Me? I'm excited Not because I like McDonald's food It's just another choice Sometimes, we don't know what to do Because guys, sometimes, you don't know what to eat And I will be faster Especially for our kids Yeah, he's kind of fast in a way, you know Every time you ask him What you want to eat, he always gonna say 4 tickets Before he used to be McDonald's chicken Not from another place, McDonald's So, the time McDonald's now So now, yeah, we get McDonald's So, if he wants a breakfast Come here, so he'll just get near, you know It's just easy Just go down And fly No, fly first and go down So, yeah, so we are just turning our eyes You know, we love to cheer in the fly Like this How big fast at McDonald's We used to do this for a few hours When I was, you know, going to school Going to college Going to school