 Till then have a great dinner tomorrow morning. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. Hello guys. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. It's going to be long, it's going to be long. Zero hours, flying, and then we were passing all the work nights. Anyway, we're just leaving Hong Kong. We had a technical stop here. It's close to the park and the aborts and the housing can be sometimes. So it smells almost as well. It's about three or both. We're off in the air now. We're off in the air and we're finally allowed to eat. La la! I'm going to touch the other morning. I'm going to take a cup with me. I'm going to actually eat it. I'm going to be so excited. It's not too much up on the ship. I actually leave the plane with James. I think they will be thrilled that we didn't actually leave the plane. That's why I didn't shoot much. Should anything from there? Yeah, just collect from yourself. You see, I do you guys from Hong Kong. We saw him in his video. We have the left. We have boards, on-roots. We're really allowed to eat. So, see you in advance. Bye. We have blinded. Right here. The dream is not reality. Come on now. We are here. So, so excited. So excited. So, we are just embarking on the ship. Just embarking from the flight from the plane right now. And... Thank you. Thank you, bye. Bye. Yes. Wow. A long trip. We are here. We come. It's like 20 hours. 22 hours. A little virus. Oh. Yeah. She did a lot of things. I did a lot of eating. Oh boy. Yeah. Yeah, adventure begins. All right. Let's see. It's after finishing the English term. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. I'm going to be in the middle. Alright, so we just got the penumber. here in the Philippines and we are off to go get some sim cards It's no expiry date Every time you visit in the Philippines, it's been years for this You have a remaining dollar for the bean Take this tour bit R whip Alone with your Mobile I always use balls from London. Of course yes. Not many balls. Ah, such a stair, we can again. Why do people get out of the lab? They're not bad, they're just a little chill. I'm not going to do that. I'm excited. What's your last word out for Brownman? I need a crab. I'm not a guy. I'm not a big one. I'm not a lot of people. I'm not a lot of people. I'm a little bit crazy. Are you okay? Are you okay? So guys, we're going to wait for our hotel. And it's been crazy coming in here. And once we're in, we're going to take our stuff here. So we can expect to get some help in for a vehicle. But yeah, we finally got a cab. Right. Yeah. Yeah, hello guys, so we have made it to our hotel to our boat for the next, I don't know how long It's not safe folks, you're here after 20-22-23 hours coming from Abuja, I'm not tired, it's tired, so for the rest of the night I just get something to eat or that what does something through what does food through grab I'll be delivered here and eat and you know your dress for the nights I'm so tired so tired so otherwise that's talking gibberish, let me see good night I don't know I'll just say good night yet in Tagalog but I can't say Salam at Paul, thank you very much, Salam at Paul, good night, see you very soon sorry, I guess I'm gonna wait for my cool daughter, J