 Hi and welcome back to another video. So today we have got five reasons why Japanese shouldn't come to the Philippines. Five reasons why Japanese shouldn't come to the Philippines. Okay people tell me to react to this so these are suggestions that you've told me. I don't know is this gonna go wrong? Okay I don't know. Let's have a look and then let's see my reaction. So if you're new hi my name is Samantha and welcome to my channel. If you're not subscribed please do subscribe because many more videos will be coming along and the original video that I am going to react. I will leave it down in the comments so you can go and check it out and yeah let's go ahead and see five reasons why Japanese shouldn't go to the Philippines. Let's go. Let's let's go go go. Okay It's me. So today's video is not a usual video because I'm so hungry. So I went to the Philippines over six times. I got so many experience but after I go back to Japan I feel like I should not go back to the Philippines anymore. Every time I go to the Philippines I feel like so many feelings. So today I'm gonna talk about five reasons Japanese people you should not come to the Philippines. Let's go. Before watch this video please subscribe our channel and follow my Instagram. Manahalo. Let's go. Number one your personality will be changed because Japanese person is very very shy. When we do something we focus on it and we don't care about other people right. We only focus on like school job. Sometimes we don't care about other people. When we do something we do like so silly actually. We don't talk about so much right but in the Philippines it's totally different. The stuff is so cheerful like hi hi what's your name? Where are you from? Philippine people is very very cheerful and so friendly. I was so surprised every time I go to the Philippines I do like hi hi how a great day I feel like my personality is changed. When you come back to Japan from the Philippines friends and family will be surprised because your personal face more cheerful and friendly. So be careful. Also my mom is very surprised because every time I go back to Japan she say yeah my personality is changed. I'm so cheerful. That is the one of the reasons you should not come to. But that's not a reason that you should go to the Philippines right? I think that's a good thing where you should go. You're a change of atmosphere of your culture from a new culture and you appreciate it more right? Okay. One of the reasons you should not come to the Philippines. Number two you cannot stand for the Japanese weather in Japan. We don't have for seasons. All done. Winter except summer. Japanese weather is so cold. Sometimes you can eat all right okay my curly baby. We still eat that. Snowy when we got to outside we wear so many crosses especially winter but the ins of Philippines. It's so hot weather or year even Christmas day too. When I went to the Philippines on Christmas day I had so many crosses from Japan like heavy cut. I did not use it because it's so hot. There's another. I've got. Adlet. Ebony. You should bring like fish, not a cream. And now you should bring cows too because you made it a bit sweat so much. Every time I go back to Japan I feel like more cold. So I think it's little bit. I cannot stand for the Japanese weather so be careful. I really like summer season. When I in the Philippines I feel summer season all day. I don't like cold weather so much so when I go back to Japan I feel like I don't want to go back to Japan. One time you got the Philippines weather you cannot go back to Japan if you really like summer season. This is second reason you should not. Okay here in Spain you don't have any winter and we don't have a winter because we don't have any snow. I don't have any snow where we live. We do not have any snow. It gets cold but the cold gets into your bones okay so it's not like wet or anything it's just like the humidity it's so cold and then in summer it's so hot. We get to 40 degrees and it really I know in Philippines it's really really really really hot every time but here we're hot constantly all the time so I know what she's saying. I love winter like autumn but we do not get autumn here so that's really really I don't like that because I like autumn and when I go to England because I I generally go to England Germany they have the 40s and I appreciate more the 40s since don't get me wrong I like summer but it's too hot. I've had 32 years of summer constantly and it drives me crazy because it's always hot but people don't have that they want more summer and the people that have so much summer want a bit of different you know different seasons so second one it's not that bad it's not that bad it's just really hot and it's hot. Come to the Philippines. Number three do you can get weight easily. In the Philippines there are so many delicious foods we don't have Jory Pee in Japan but you can find so many Jory Pee's in the Philippines it's first so reasonable it's so addictive also we don't have net market except the festival right? Filipino food is sweet and Japanese food. Japanese food is not so strong flavor but the Filipino food is a little bit stronger flavor for Japanese so if you really like Filipino style and western style yeah don't get weight easily In the Philippines there are so many kind of foods right? Filipino food, western food, Japanese, Korean every time I go to the Philippines I really enjoy eating I cannot stop eating it's so fun but it's so dangerous. It's so peaceful Japanese people so many Japanese people really like mango, papaya, bananas but especially mango it's expensive food in Japan in the Philippines you can buy mangoes cheaper than Japan have you watched my previous video which I went to baguio market that time I bought three mangoes it's so reasonable that is sad reasons you should not come to the Philippines. Number four you can get the food in Japan. Every single is so expensive maybe we go to Leestrand for lunch one meal is over 1000 yen even you go to Matana it's just over 500 yen but in the Philippines if you have 500 yen you can buy three meals at Joribim Joribim so reasonable price one meal is not so expensive Transparency is expensive lent fee everything is expensive in Japan usually in Japan I save money a lot but in the Philippines everything is reasonable price that's why you cannot go back to Japan every time I go back to the farm I feel like it's so expensive this one I can get 10 joy this menu is joy visa like yes video 1000 peso change at the market and more that was so hard to spend 1000 peso because everything is reasonable when I spend 1000 peso at the market I bought so many food and I feel so satisfied when I spend 1000 peso at the mall I bought so many souvenirs you can nearly enjoy with me how much is 1000 pesos yes expensive money but if you bought that amount of things it's costable or sad prices in Japan three times that's the same too much fun in the Philippines you feel don't want to go back to Japan because people are nice who do I nice where is nice everything is reasonable price everything is good for you you feel like you don't want to go back to Japan I'm sure every time I go to the Philippines I feel like I love Philippines more and more first time I went to Vagio for a long edge school I feel it is so nice country and I got so much fun and then I went to Manila I feel like I feel so nice too and the south of the time I want to eat more cream in the food I want to see more beautiful price in the Philippines I got sweet heart from Filipino I'm full of in the Philippines but the Filipino is so kind for me too so I feel like oh I'm gonna stay here so it's so dangerous I think Japanese people love Philippines too you can find a different country I have a different feeling too seven there are more prices I have never been to some I think I will get more fun in the Philippines I was so scared yeah Japanese people really like place yeah so many lives menu you can enjoy eating too it's not far away from Japan to the Philippines so you feel like I want to go back to the Philippines again that is five reasons you should not come to the Philippines because it's so addictive and you got so much fun is the Philippines that's it oh that is my five reasons Japanese you should not come to the Philippines but firstly I would like to thank you so much to the Philippines and the Filipino because every time I go to the Philippines you guys so kind for me every time I upload a video you say like this video and I really enjoy watching your Filipino video thank you so so much every time I go to the Philippines I had so much fun that's why I love Philippines I hope so many Japanese people come to the Philippines at the big airport it's so nice place and so much fun I'm trying to go to the Philippines okay if you have any recommendation please so please let me know thank you so much always for the mapo video like this video please subscribe out and follow my instagram manahana see you on the next video bye bye okay okay I thought I was gonna go a different way but it hasn't so she's telling if you don't want to fall in love with the Philippines don't go um so I was quite um it was really inspiring because everyone what she's saying is like she loves oh yeah she loves Philippines so much and every time she goes to Japan she's like very sad I'm like oh poor thing but it's it's nice because I've not seen anyone that just doesn't like it they're all said so many nice things about Philippines and that is amazing you must be it's it must be so grateful and wonderful people that do live in the Philippines seeing these videos in the Philippines in general I feel so honored and grateful for for so much appreciation from everyone else and that is amazing look at it I really did it it was really nice it's see I thought it was gonna go a different way but it hasn't and yeah she's amazing so I will leave the original video down below so you can go check it out and yeah I hope you all have an amazing day please to take care and I'll see you in my next video bye