 I'm not quite sure if this is a joke, but yeah, I think I've seen the expansion happening. Collapse one company through failed company governance. I just saw there was a downward trend when pandemic hit. But they are also closing down failed stores. We got the strategy to make them more profitable or close the branch. I think I can consider myself as a jolly bee expert already. We're so flippin'! So we'll have to come back to another reaction video with your host, Nilly. I am so happy to see your smiling faces today again. Welcome, welcome to the video. Today we are going to make a video that is very, very interesting to me because I don't see a downfall. I might see a upward trend. But let's talk about the video in a bit. I reacted to a few jolly bee videos in the past already. So I don't think or two. I was gonna have all of the food items I think. I mean, chicken joy is just chicken joy! If you never had jolly bee, you should definitely go for a chicken joy. It is delicious. Shut up! I am going to react to a video today called the Fall of jolly bee's International Expansion. And I'm not quite sure if this is a joke. But yeah, I think I've seen the expansion happenings. And it looked good for the outside at least. So let's jump straight into the video and see what this is about, shall we? jolly bee food corporation is one of the fastest growing food and beverage holding companies in the entire world. Yes! And its executives have sought to become a part of the top-sknotting companies globally. And as of the last quarter, published by the company in the third quarter of 2022, the old businesses that it has over 6,351 stores around the entire world. From its official brand known as $6,000 to foreign and domestic acquired companies. In simpler terms, jolly bee has been so active to the point that it is seeking to become a global contender. However, there's just one issue that we would like to ask jolly bee and its executives. Is this really sustainable? For the most part, the entire holding company known as JFC, which owns brands from jolly bee to Mang and Sal, to foreign company called Tealief, just to name a few. Well, that is impressive. Wow, that is impressive. They have acquired mega food and beverages brands around the world. And it has enabled them to have larger sales, more networks globally, and a bigger footprint. But the underlying question is, is it really sustainable? A great idea. Okay, so I just saw there was a downward trend when pandemic hit. That is, I think, relatable, no? The expansion, after all, is a massive undertaking that can make the company economically successful, but can also collapse one company through failed company governance. This is why we think that JFC strategy right now is unsustainable. They have been too aggressive. In the past few years alone, they acquired two mega blockbuster brands. Two brands that they collectively acquired for roughly $700 million US dollars. Okay, they may not sound big in the leagues of giant corporatism, but for JFC, $700 million is massive, especially because they have also acquired many more out there soon after they completed this deal. They even bought the famous Titan Dining Corporation known for its restaurant, Tim Hoewon, for a massive $100 million plus deal. Can you believe it? So, even though they are indeed going from a local brand to being a massive holding investment company, which may sound good at the beginning, here is what we are missing out on. JFC's total restaurant network has consistently been going up, but they are also closing down failed stores. And most of the stores are actually from these foreign acquisitions. For instance, Smashburgers had opened eight stores, yet at the same time also closed eight stores. Smashburgers had also once recorded having over 380 stores in 2017, yet by 2021, its store count fell drastically to just 245 in simpler terms. Okay, with every acquisition, there are also certain measures that businesses take care of. And one of those strategies is of course to look at all the stores, all the numbers and see which one is the least profitable, and probably just either work out the strategy to make them more profitable or close the branch and make way for other brands that they have. The reason why they have a huge number of stores in total was actually from its locally made brands, such as Dollybee and much less of those acquired companies. Coffee bean and tea leaf on the other hand are almost similar. It opened at 69 stores, yet closed 64 stores. What we are trying to ask is not too bad. Simply, these foreign acquisitions are not helping the entire JFC brand to become larger, but rather, they are dragging down the entire holding company. If Smashburgers had almost shrunk in half since 2017, why had they even decided to pursue such an acquisition? Why would they not just... To secure... The locations are the most successful of all their brands. Yet even though Smashburgers and arguably coffee bean and tea leaf did not prove to be fruitful, they still and are consistently on the lookout to buy and buy more stores out there. One final thing is that the net debt of JFC has actually risen over the past few years. This is also known as... Like with the old companies? An instrument used by investors to calculate the proportion of equity and debt used to finance a company's assets. In simpler terms, the higher the debt to equity, the more risk the company becomes. And as of the latest third quarter, JFC recorded a debt to equity of over 67.9%. For comparison, its lowest in the past few years was in the third quarter of 2017, which was just 29.7%. One of the factors here is due to COVID-19. But we cannot also forget that their acquisitions had also fueled the company's total liabilities. But anyway, this is the quick perspective taken on Jollybee's failed acquisitions. It's too big and too aggressive does not always mean that they will grow. As a quick suggestion, Jollybee should just focus on growing its local brand, just like how McDonald's did it. But do let us know what you think. Thanks for watching. Alright, interesting video definitely. It is no surprise that it comes with certain risks when you expand the business internationally and to have a local company like Jollybee, a Filipino company, expanding worldwide is just huge. I mean, I don't know much about many companies from Austria except from Red Bull, who made it internationally. But maybe I'm just not aware. As I said, now are some big events that happened in the past few years that might have contributed to all of these closures and the debt and equity ratio. But yeah, interesting. I definitely see how much appreciation Jollybee gets through all the locations of their life. I have been to internationally and for example, one of those locations was in Milan, Italy and Florida and the US. I was also in Vietnam. I've seen Jollybee all over the place. I think it's one of those companies that Filipinos can be really, really proud of because of its huge success. It's just incredible. As I said, the chicken joy is a must if I in the Jollybee world. Yeah, of course, let me know what kind of precious you like. I think Filipinos Pagetti is one of those items that everybody loves. At least, every Filipino associates with childhood memories. And as I mentioned, I've been to a few branches internationally. So, wow, expansion is going really really crazy. And let me know in the comment section down below where you saw a Jollybee outside of the Philippines. I'm very, very curious to know. And also, let me know if you have any recommendations for next direction videos here on lots of Filipines. I'm always open to see what you guys would like me to write to, either if it's educational with some history, something new, development, something funny, beauty pageants, channels that I should check out definitely leave me a comment down below. And subscribe to this channel to see more. And also, have over to my channel. Then it's like where I upload a little more of like blog style adventures about my life, my travels and my experiences. So, thank you so much for tuning in. I'll see you guys next time here on Wut's Up Philippines!