 Good morning, Romettes. It's another day and it's going to be a part two of the what I can eat in a day $50 challenge. So in today's video we're going to be looking at what types of western foods to eat and we are going to mainly look in the area of Ayala where I live. So let's get into it. This comes to Ayala Maldi. All typically open around 10 a.m. I thought that they opened up a little bit earlier but they don't so that's what I'm going to be starting my day with. I'm going to be going to my favorite restaurant. As you guys have seen in the last video it's going to be called Abaka and they serve such good food. I mean I'm going to show you what I'm going to have to eat and the portions here are relatively big as well. It's kind of like the more of American style or western size menus so I'll show you guys what it looks like and the outside as well. So I prefer to eat like a regular local Filipino just because of the food portions are just so much smaller than American size foods. I mean when you come here to them all you just have so many options to choose from. Look at this. I mean I just have some amazing food at Abaka but that size right there was just way too much for me. To kill some time I'm just going to be walking this massive mall because I'm still full from what I ate. It was just so good. It was a dig-deem. I missed all types of portions of food but I know I can have a little bit because if I do then I'm going to get too tumbled. So that's why I'm trying to stay away from it. For the sake of this video I'm showing you what you can eat with $50 with a western type diet. That's the whole point and enjoy the mall. So I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of food. So I'm going to have a little bit of food. I'm going to have a little bit of food. I'm going to have a little bit of food. I'm going to have a little bit of food. Yes it happens. I don't like it but it happens. and it has to happen and I'll be explaining that in a separate video. So hold your horses, hold your comments, everything they want to say. Just hold it for that video, okay? So let's get back to this current video. So the total amount of money that I spent for that day, for those three meals, was $1,900 and you convert that to $38 USD. That is crazy! I was still under my $50 budget, which was the challenge for both videos and I was still able to get three meals in between and on top of that, I was able to also eat, also drink coffee. Not bad for $38 for the whole day, you get three meals, which are western sized foods, so they're all massive. And it was well under $50, as I mentioned. If you were to eat the same amount of food, but in the virtual country, for me, would be in the United States, it would easily have cost for me maybe $50, $60. Easily. I forgot to drink some top of what I got then, yeah, it rounds around, on top of taxes of the clothes, $65, $70, around that range. So it's half the price here in the Philippines for a western sized food, but it's the same portion food. And if you guys know, I've been living here for six months now, meaning the way I eat and how much I eat have been highly adaptive to the Filipino culture. So I typically eat in smaller portions of food now, and me being able to eat what I ate that day was very challenging for me because, again, I've been living here for six months, so having your diet have small portions for a food and then for six months, and then trying to eat something that was double the triple-degree amount of size. Yeah, it's pretty difficult. So nevertheless, you were still able to eat as a local Filipino, and if you are a traveler and a western foreigner like I am, then you have your comfort foods here, we're able to eat the types of foods that we like and the portions of foods that we like. As you guys can see, when I ate breakfast, that was waffles. That's probably one of my favorite types of breakfasts, two-half is waffles. And then you can never go wrong with the chicken sandwich. So I should have the way they have their chicken here. It is so good, so crispy, I don't know what it is, very addictive. And then I end my night by having pasta. It's really good pasta here. I will say, though, there's some places that they serve the Filipino style pasta. It's not the oregano or the distinct flavors that you get when you have a traditional Italian pasta. Here in the Philippines, it's more sweet-based. A lot of things here are actually more sweet-based, so that's a fair warning if you are looking for pasta. Don't expect to get the Italian version pasta when you go to Jolly Bees, for example. That's the Filipino McDonald's is the best comparison of what I can do. If you go there to have pasta, you're going to have something that's sweet. It's not what you're expecting when you have Italian food. And as you guys know, I am a full-time student, so me not being able to post as much as I want, it's because I'm prioritizing that right now, especially right now, because I am having my midterms next week. So I'm juggling my time with content creating and also studying. But nevertheless, I am still making videos for you guys and still making time to show you guys what you can do here in the Philippines. And that is all I have for you guys. I hope you guys love my video. Like, comment, share, subscribe. Give me any suggestions on what I can do next for you guys here in the Seigo City. I will be explaining again this whole situation relatively soon. It's probably will be the next video if not the second video. But again, just give me suggestions with a comment section and then tell me what you guys think of the foods that I ate today and comparing that to the ones that I ate in the local video. And then again, I will be putting those in the link in the description and then I will be putting up here in one of these two corners. And as always, see you guys in the next adventure.