 Good morning guys, welcome to a very bright and sunny day in Osaka, Japan. Today we're doing something that we have wanted to do. I don't know, it's been like on my list of traveling things to do for a long time and that is get the bullet train in Japan. That's what we're off to do today. We're very excited. We don't really know what we're doing. We've kind of Googled ruffly how to get there but everyone's like you need the Japan rail path. There's no like settings, don't think of how to do it. We're hoping it's nice and easy. We can just go to the station that goes from and just say the bullet train is the journey. We're taking it to somewhere called Kyoto or Kyoto. I don't know how to say it. Kyoto. That's actually like, is it normally like a two hour drive there or something? Yeah, I think so. And then it just takes about 15 minutes. It's just mental. I want to do some reading about the bullet train I think. I can give you guys a bit more value and information on it because we're not too sure yet but we're going to experience it today. It's going to be mad I think. It's going to be really weird. First we need cash. We've run out of money. Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up. You see the jippy, I'm feeling it up. I'm in my car and I get it. I get the bus. We need the mid list soju line. And then just 80 minutes, it stops just one train and then you can get the train from here. And it costs 280. That's not. I'm right. You will like let's get a taxi for 3,500, 280. So it manages to get cash guys but one thing we have noticed here and if you're coming to look out for the ATM to give you huge notes. This is 10,000 yen which is about 75 pounds. It's about peso wise. It's about... This is around 5,000 pesos in the Philippines, about 75 British pounds in one note. So that's all spending money for today. Yeah, so you need to. Hopefully someone has some change. So then when you want to buy a bottle of water and you give them that. You have to find a bottle of water that's around 75 pounds. It's about a whiskey or something. So we're getting a bit better at using these machines now. It's a little bit confusing up fast. Start run to work. Perfect. Run to work out where you're going. There you go. Do it up. Chinasawar pass. Cool. Money please. No, no, no, no. Go high, go low, low, low. Like spinning a sits-for-for. That's cash money like five or four. Like a D2 foe. No sleepening, no, no, no. Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up. The train is here. We remember in Tokyo the public transport in Japan is really efficient. Really easy to use once you know which lines to get, which tickets to get. Is this us? Yeah, drop on. Damn, probably could have jumped on. If we weren't vlogging. Maybe it's a vlogging, this one. I actually nearly got on that. Imagine if I got on. Your dress and the tickets. I've got to take it. It's the bullet train ticket and that I'm scared. And I don't know what it's going to be. It's terrifying. Imagine if I'd got on that and you didn't. I'd have been fine. And then I was like, way down there, away from each other. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. Okay, so we made it to the Shin Osaka station. Which of the station you need if you want to go from Osaka to Kyoto. We now need the Shin-Kansen line, this line here. We've got the ticket. We've got the ticket. We've got the ticket. We've got the ticket. Thank you very much. So it's not what I did for the right thing. We looked online to come to Shin-Kansen, is it? Which is the area where we've just bought the tickets from. We've just paid 5,680 yen. So that won't get you an ounce. We'll return to people. So like £10 each way. It's really good. I can't get this one at the most. Yeah, this is what the tickets look like. And you have to buy, that's what credit card says it. You have to buy a non-reserved, you have to buy a super-expressed ticket, as well as a fair ticket. There's like two separate tickets and I think because we're taking the ticket, the ticket train you have to buy another ticket for like an extra amount. Because you're buying the privilege of buying faster, I think. Okay. But again, for sure, pre-informative video, sorry. So we're doing pretty well. We just had to ask one of the guards here. We said 25 and 26 line is the fastest. There's three lines we can take though with the same ticket. Yeah. This is crazy by the way. There's like loads of shops, coffee shops. Everything going on, it's mad, it's crazy, it's busy. Very, very modern. But we're taking the fastest line. Which I've got. That's going 15 minutes. Okay, cool. Wow, this is one of the trains. So cool, this is what I've seen picture of. And it looks the same as the pictures. Super modern, aren't it? Yeah. So we're on an end. If any of you like trains, we're on an end, 7.5. In Kenton, series 7.7.5. It's the train we are already in. The train leaves here, so we've got to sign up here. And you can go on. Because these are different stuff. Last stop, first stop, and standing. We met the distance it's covering in touch of the main theme of time. It's just my life, isn't it? There it goes. We're over here like freaking out that it's so exciting. Because we've seen like in the UK you see this on TV and in movies and stuff. On the news when it first launched. But people here is like an everyday thing. They just opt to work. Yeah, the process is really cool. So people are, don't miss it. People are queuing way more politely than they do in the UK on trains. I'll do it. So you can't book a reserve ticket. We didn't. So it's standing. But it's like 15 minute journey. We've got a little view here. So we've got a good spot. I feel relaxed and just good. Everyone else is standing. Seems to get really, really, really busy. Okay. Oh, there's a smoking room. Really? Oh yeah. Do you think it's going to... Just think it's going to... Oh, here we go. Do you think it's going to feel fast? Yes, definitely. Do you think? Okay. The juicy vlog on the bullet train. Wow. Wow. Yeah, those people are going by pretty fast. Ooh, it feels like you're only put off on a roller coaster. And you get that feeling and your tummy and it's like, Ooh, it feels a bit like that, doesn't it? Yeah. And the other one. So you look at it. Oh, look at it. We're speeding out of work. I really didn't ever come here showing this at all. But it's going so fast. It's doing like 200. I think it's going to be more like one minute an hour right now. It makes me feel tummy feel weird. I feel like I threw a bit of it where it's so easy. It feels very powerful to look out the window especially. Incredible. Wow, like the mountains. On the line for the mountains, the slides are so cool. Like the streets, houses. It's like... That's just so much fun. Let me find here what the actual time I should have taken is. It's how it's driving. It's an hour and a half drive and an eight hour walk. We just did a 50. That's like flying. It's been sitting here watching some guy. I think he was like, it's kind of chill hearing. I don't know if it's playing on that. It's great to come right to the end and to the front of this train and the back of the other one that just went part. It's like amazing. Look at that. It looks so modest. If it goes, we can watch it literally to be off in that direction now. So it's kind of crazy that we're now so far away and it took such little time. We're now in Kyoto, so we can explore. If you're thinking guys, do you not even know what the bullet train is and why you're so nice. But actually experiencing it is so different isn't it? You hear about it. But when you're actually on it and your time of your day goes apart, that quickly is not what's made of.