 In this video, how difficult is traveling in the Philippines with zero Tagalog without speaking Tagalog? You can pick a few wars like Salamat. Sometimes in the islands, in the remote islands, sometimes it's a little bit more difficult. A lot of people go to Bali and whatnot, but this is a cheaper version. They could take advantage of you. They might have you pay a little bit more. You will find that it's actually very easy because the people are so warm and friendly, so that will be a great experience. I will ask a group of foreigners on how is difficult traveling. The Philippines without Tagalog, without speaking Tagalog with zero Tagalog. Now, let's go to the best part of the show. Where are you from and how long have you been in the Philippines? USA about three years. Three years. Have you been traveling in the country? Uh, somewhat. Yeah, here and there occasionally. Which islands have you been to? Uh, Baraka and Palawan and Subu. Um, yeah, those are the areas. And how difficult is traveling in the Philippines without speaking Tagalog? Uh, yeah, well, if you're going to be going the airplane route and the main tourist areas, that's easy peasy. Because they're used to that. But if you're going into the province and some of those, let's say a waterfall or hiking area, uh, the transportation gets kind of more cramped and you got a kind of barter for the tricycles. And so there they could take advantage of you. It might have you pay a little bit more. Uh, that's probably the risk that you have. But as long as you know, your destination, uh, that, Filipinos are very helpful and they'll kind of help you get there. You might pay a little bit more than, let's say, a local was with you. But, uh, it won't be more expensive than what you would pay normally where you're from if it's a western area. But, uh, Philippines is beautiful, but, uh, it's, it's easier if you have a, uh, local with you if you're going to be going to the more remote places. But if it's touristy stuff, it's easy. Okay. What's your name? Bianca. And where are you from? I'm Brazilian. How are you Brazilian? How long have you been in the Philippines? Five years. For five years. Yeah. And how do you see the Philippines so far? Well, I like it. I think it's my second home. Okay. And do you get to travel around the Philippines? Yeah, as much as I can. Yeah. And can you give us an idea how difficult it is to travel in the Philippines with not a galog or zero-tagalog? I think the problem to travel in the Philippines is not the language because they're going to speak English even, like, if you go to Brazil, no one's going to speak English with you. You're going to have more trouble in Brazilian in the Philippines related to the language, for sure. Okay. When you move here, like, did you have this idea that he and Philippines, they like speak good English or no? Yeah. They think they don't speak good English, but they do. Like, even, like, more than the average, for sure. Oh, okay. What's your name? Luis. Where are you from? Mexico. How long have you been in the Philippines? I first moved here in the Philippines when I was 27 years old. I was back in 2019. Okay. Yeah. And I've been living here since that year, and then I just came back to Mexico because of the COVID in 2021. But I'm back in February. Oh, okay. How do you find the Philippines? I love them, man. I love it. I love it. The Philippines, it's a country that gives a lot of opportunities to foreigners, like me. It's for the fact of, like, speaking Spanish and English being bilingual. You can get a lot of opportunities here and come, come, come, like, the wages from the Philippines to Mexico at this moment. You can live a good life here at the Philippines. So it means you're working here? I work here. I used to work here, but the company closed the account. So right now I'm thinking I'm going back to Mexico, so damn, I'm on that period of time. I mean, have you been traveling the Philippines besides Manila? Yes, I visited Boracay, White Beach, in Puerto Valera, Vindoro, and a few other places, like San Bales, San Fernando. And I could say that the most beautiful beach I ever seen in my entire life and the whole world will be Boracay. Oh, right. You can find a white sand, blue water, so it's beautiful. Oh, okay. Since you have been traveling around, how difficult is to travel in the Philippines without speaking Tagalog with a pseudo-tagalog? You will find that it's actually very easy because a lot of people understand English. Even if they don't went to a high school college or whatever, they know how to speak English, or at least they understand English. So it's very easy and everyone will understand you here in the Philippines. They don't speak only Tagalog, they also speak English, so that's why they will understand you every time. What's your name? A Boo. Oh, okay. Have you been traveling in the Philippines? Yeah, yeah. And how is it, how difficult is it traveling the Philippines without speaking Tagalog? Not really that difficult, it's English-speaking country, so yeah, it's not too bad. I'm running to too much conflict, you know? And what advice would you give to a foreigner that wants to move to the Philippines, but he's scared, not knowing that he, they speak English? Yeah, oh, yeah. It's very comforting to be here as far as if you're an English speaker. I think it's very easy to be around Filipinos and be around the locals here because they're very accommodating, and especially for foreigners abroad or foreigners locally. You know, a lot of people go to Bali and whatnot, but this is a cheaper version, you know, I'm saying so, yeah, that's what's up. What's your name? Fernando. Where you from and for how long you've been in the Philippines? I'm from Mexico City, and I've been here for almost four years. Four years. And how do you find the Philippines so far? I love living in the Philippines. Yeah, the life is so easy here, so chill. I really like it. I mean, I've been here for four years, so I really appreciate everything here in the Philippines. Have you been traveling around the Philippines? Yeah, I've been to many islands, I've been to Shargawa, to Bojol, to Bantaya, I've been to Palawan. I was actually locked down in Palawan for three months and a half when the pandemic started in a little, it was an amazing time, it was awesome. Yeah, I think it's the best of the Philippines. Besides the people, the beaches, like really like the islands here, the island life, it's super chill, super nice, beautiful beaches everywhere, nice. Which one is your favorite island in the Philippines? My favorite, different least, Boracay. Many people they don't like Boracay, I don't know why, they say it's too commercial, but I still like it. I think it depends on the person. For example, I really like to party. Yeah. I'm going out, so in Boracay you have like very combination between party and the most beautiful beach I ever seen in my life. The second one I would say probably in Lido because it has too much to offer, so it's more for adventurous people. So if you like to do different things, I suggest you go to Palawan, but definitely Boracay is my favorite one, person I want. How difficult is traveling in the Philippines with zero Tagalog without speaking Tagalog? It's not difficult at all, I hear, I've been just speaking English all the time, the people is fine with it, you can speak with everybody in English because it's one of the official languages, like English and Philippines, it's the other one. So sometimes in the islands, in the remote islands, sometimes it's a little bit more difficult with the English, but they still understand the basics in English, so it's actually very easy. I've been traveling the whole South East Asia and the North Asia, and it's the Asia's country to travel without speaking in English, like everybody speaks English here. I'm surprised, and that's really amazing. Did you encounter any culture shock when you moved to the Philippines? Yeah, definitely so, yeah, for sure. Can you name one? Culture shock in the Philippines. It's just the traffic and the kind of the policies, legalities, or almost metaphors, where it seems like it should be so easy and right there, but it just takes forever. So you kind of got to just reset the standard, and if it works out well the first time that's a miracle, and it assume it won't work out, and sometimes at the restaurants, if you ask them to make a little altercation to the, whatever you're ordering, that's completely overwhelming to them, so just know if you want to make a modification, they're going to be shocked about it, not like it is in the western places, but all in all the people are beautiful, and it's definitely worth to try and check out, for sure. Did you encounter any culture shock when you moved to the Philippines? Not really, because actually, I'm Mexican, so actually Mexicans and Filipinos, you are kind of a brothers, separate when we were, like back in the days, they were colonized for Mexicans back in the days. So we are very similar in traditions and culture, but of course they have this touch of variation, that for example the food is very different than in Mexico, right? So it was a little bit difficult for me at the beginning, but I'm a very adaptable person, so now I'm kind of adapted to this culture as well. Okay, and what advice would you give to like a foreigner, like that, once you come to the Philippines to travel here in the Philippines and he doesn't speak Tagalog, what advice would you give to him? Just like the Tagalog is a bit the biggest problem, learn English and just, you can pick it like few words like Salamat or you know, Komisakka, yeah like Makano Poon, it's kind of thing that's gonna help you, but it's not gonna be a big difference I think, just like they're gonna be more friendly to you because they're gonna be happy because they were trying to speak Tagalog, but if you don't speak Tagalog, it's not gonna be a big problem. Okay, I appreciate for the time and have a good day, I know you, I mean you biking here, thank you so much, thank you, bye bye. Any specific destination you would advise, like to meet the people that are coming over to visit, don't you see? Like I tell my friends, I always tell them to go to Palawan because just to get the island feel, and then if you wanna, you know, feel the city, the nightlife right here, right here BGC. How is the nightlife in BGC? Man, it's wild, you know, it's wild, you know, it's wild, yeah, it's wild, man. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, I can't even describe to you the stories that I have, but yeah, it's wild, it's amazing, yeah. Okay, thank you so much, and appreciate for your time man, thank you so much, appreciate for your time man, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so so much, I first dug a hole teaching doenut Aha Nung, there is a hole in the village atydyash. volt harbor, there's a hole in port and I had a hole, I didn't make it, I didn't make it and I Constitutional learn what's illegal, politics is illegal, I just like diaper wise said, I wanted to tell them, I really liked it, that wasn't illegal, that didn't make it that easy, that was illegal, that wasn't illegal, not really, that wasn't illegal, that wasn't illegal, that wasn't illegal, that isn't illegal, that was illegal, that wasn't illegal, that wasn't illegal, that wasn't illegal, that wasn't illegal, That wasn't illegal, it was illegal, that wasn't illegal, that wasn't illegal, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you so much, thank you, thank you so much, serumuto, surgeon, surgeon, surgeon, surgeon, surgeon, surgeon, surgeon, surgeon, surgeon cav that and enjoy the good parts. Thank you so much for your time. I really appreciate it. Thank you. And we're done. I just want to say thank you so much for watching until the end. And if you haven't subscribed to the channel yet, I would appreciate if you subscribe. Share the video with your friends, the whole baron guy. Help your boy to reach 100k subscribers. The target right now is to reach 100k subscribers. I just want to say thank you so much. God bless you. God bless me. God bless us. Guess what? See you guys on the next video. I'm going.