 In this video I had the absolute pleasure of speaking with Bud Brown, someone who I've looked up to for a really long time. Bud is a retired schoolteacher and military veteran from the United States, but he actually lives in the Philippines now, where he's been for quite some time. Just like me, Bud loves foreign languages, and he's learned Spanish, Tagalog, Bisaia, and Vietnamese. If you guys haven't seen his channel already, definitely check him out. I'll put a link to his channel in the description below. I hope you guys enjoyed this multi-lingual conversation that we had. He's a good guy, but he's a good guy, because he's a good guy for a big resource, so he's a good guy. He's a good guy, so he's a good guy for a big person. And I'm a good guy, and I can be a good guy for a big person. So I like to be a good guy, and I like to be a good guy for a big person. I like to be a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's not bad guy, but he's a good guy. That's what I'm thinking, because he's a good guy. And the word for a to know, do you know, Alamubah? Alamubah? Alamco? Alamco? Or Alamco? I know already. I don't know if you guys are able to understand this, but I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. Okay, good. That's good. I'm using a volume. I don't know if you guys are able to understand this. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. Just one more thing, for the story of Alamubah, you're using a volume. I'm using a volume. What's your name? California. California. California. California. What's your name? California. I'm using a volume. Okay, I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm using a volume. I'm wearing shak<|haw|> grease sei le Hello? in the Philippines, in other countries. And even though they are in the same country, they are not able to get the information. So, the English is the same, we are not able to get the information that they are using. But, they are not able to get the information that they are using. Even though they are not able to get the information. So, what do you do? Why do you do that? I have a lot of language, I am going to read. I am going to study University in the new Navy. I am interested in learning English. So, I have not been to a classmate in the university. I have been to a college in the Navy. I have been to a school in the Navy. I have been to a school in the Navy. When you go to California, defense languages are two languages, two birds with one stone.schらい premieres a military obligation when users come together and study cooperatively. Well if you are focusing on Film, on your want to support line sesame. And therefore I want to be a military chief of big defense deputy chief in lemonade. Mererland, then Europe, Philippines, They offered each other a medal and they said, hey how are you guys doing? I am playing for the Russia tv... They are electronic Ностilla Poly-ballakis... Singapore, then many other countries And they finally got on the bus golsey Uncle have said the truth, actually. Brother.. Man's tongue should want to learn properly Robin talked about.. It is easy to share so we can get through the Bible I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. And there is a lot of people in the country. What do you do in the Philippines? I do a lot of things. I do a lot of things. I do a lot of things. What is the standard of living in the Philippines? How much does it cost for the US? But I speak to foreigners. It all comes with a package. It all comes with a package. It all comes with a package. nivel目 Alone. An oil product, there is water. There is water. There is water. After a struggle, it was also public transport coming from the Philippines. I don't know what to say. There is the experience. That is what I transform into. It has the unique smart rangles. It has the unique nokta sharpening. English, right? It's not like we're just having a lot of fun. So, man, I'm not going to call you my new video mom. I'm darling mom. I love you. I love you. I love you too. I love you too. I'm just happy. I really like you. It's just a different story. But I'm still having a lot of fun with my new video mom. It's just a similar story. I really like you. You're gonna spend the night with me. Okay. My pleasure. My pleasure is my honor. Maruno Carino Spanish. I don't know. Pa no can at all. What's your Spanish? A guy wants to speak Spanish? Yes. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to give you so much joy in Spanish because I know a lot of people speak Spanish, but I want to find a Spanish Spanish Blanches, Spanish or Spanish. Simplish. Oh, you already have an accent, so Mexican. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So... California and Vivid in Mexico. You have a sense, right? Yes. But when I speak in Filipino, they tell me that I speak like a bissaya. But I don't know why. No, I don't know. I speak bissaya only in the gala, no? No. What's funny? They say I speak bissaya with the accent of the gala. But, Palictad, I'm sorry. We can't win. We can't win. Yeah, we can. But it's very interesting that... I think it's because I learned Spanish first. And I feel more comfortable talking Spanish than the gala. Something that I realized in Spanish is that it's a little more embarrassing in English. The things that I normally say in English can translate in Spanish without a problem. But when I speak in Filipino, it's like a completely different way to express myself. It's because there are many false friends in both languages. Exactly. Sometimes it's a disadvantage, sometimes it's a disadvantage, right? Yeah, well said. I remembered once when I met my wife Villavia, and I was trying to speak the gala, but sometimes I guess I can use some Spanish words. Yes, of course. Once I said to her, I wanted to say, of course, yes, for sure. I was thinking in Spanish. But you know what? You're going to say it in Spanish. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. How many years do you have speaking in Filipino? In total, how many years? It's difficult to say it, I can say that the first day I met my wife tried to learn the gala. Now, until now, 51 years. 51 years? Wow, it's quite a long time, right? Well, the truth is that you have more time speaking in Filipino than me in English, because I only have 27 years. And how many years do you have if I can ask you? Normally I say in the 60s, but in the 70s. No, 73. When men lie to certain people, they don't have more adventure, they don't have to be afraid, they don't have to be afraid. They don't have to be afraid, they don't have to be afraid, they don't have to be afraid. I've watched your videos for a long time, and so it's great for me to get to talk to you. It's just fun. It's a real pleasure to meet a foreigner that speaks to God, because usually the people here, they don't have time. I've been in a lot of vlogs. Of course I'm concerned, it's just not a priority for them. It's so good to talk with you and to meet you. And I look forward to seeing all your videos. I really enjoy the surprise or shock. And I noticed that the young Filipinos want to know if you're attached, or if you have no fear. Yes, I get asked that a lot. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do.