 Oh, look at that. That smells good, Jen. Thank you. Good afternoon, world. That's the jungle cafe. This was one of the last places that Poppa went to before she left the islands, like almost three years ago now. We worked out. We've been saying two years a lot, haven't we, sis? Yes, it's actually three years since I was last came with us. I know that it's mad. And we stayed in those rooms over there. And actually, we just recently made a vlog about saying Poppa was coming back and this is going to be one of the last places. And now she's right there. Please, isn't it? Made it, mission complete. Afternoon. I want to see how much Poppa can remember from her time here before, because before we said there were two levels to this place. There was a second Kubo on the top. Thank you. Poppa, thank you. Very exciting. Shall we go there or not? I don't know. Yeah, maybe. Yeah, a little more purpose. We've gone mad. We weren't sure what to do with Poppa, but she felt like she was pulling to go out. But really, she just wants to be with Poppa, I think, to get used to Poppa, isn't she? She wants our scraps to fall off the table. This is good. I didn't have to be sung here before. And they've got a whole vegan option section. Cool. Yum. And she's got milk. She's catching the glasses. I cannot milk. I can't believe it. I used to make coconut wine here, didn't I? Thank you. To back. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. We don't know yet. I think she's just excited to be here. Yeah, she's ready to order. Yeah. Oh, brand. Let's see. Oh, who's your partner? Is there what you're excited about, Poppa? You want to socialise? Yes. And let's wait for Poppa now. Yes. And then younger eyes. Yes, perfect. Thank you. Our orders are made. Poppa will not settle. So we're heading off into the jungle to see if we can calm her down a little bit and also identify with this beautiful smell that's coming from. You're free to trace the smell following the scent. J-things is cut grass. Which it could be because it looks like it's in cut grass there, but it smells sweeter, more like green tea to me. Yeah. Maybe they cut the grass and they also cut down some wild herbs and it's added to that smell. So I remember specifically that a few years back, there's no internet in this area. So people would come up this hill to get a signal from the other side of the island. As we're getting higher up now, we can't smell that lovely smell anymore. So it must be isolated to where the jungle cafe is. I'm really glad that all of the restaurants here are constantly updating their menus to add more vegan options for people because it's not just people who are vegan, you know? Like my mum's not vegan. She eats fish, but she wants to look after her health and reduce the amount of sugar she eats and dairy because it's not good for her. The doctors have said so having options like coconut milk and your coffee is fantastic. Hoppies calm down. It has a bit. I was going to say about the whole vegan thing, like your mum. I prefer to eat vegan food or plant-based food or vegetarian food. My dad has for a while, but maybe it's the label, like I'm not, they don't want to say I'm vegan, because they're not. But having more options that are plant-based allows more people that aren't labeled as vegan in a way to order without kind of admitting that they're eating plant-based, you know? Maybe I'm not explaining it right, but... It's true, there's a stigma attached to the word vegan. It's a bit like the word hippie. No one wants to be considered a hippie or a tree hugger, but everyone wants to be conscious of climate change now because we know it's important. But yes, it's one of those things where once you label something negatively, no one wants to be associated with it and they'll take, they'll tease and they'll take the nick out of it. So yeah, I have seen recently some negative vegan kind of things online, like some restaurant in London banned vegans, but it shouldn't be a thing because it's food at the end of the day. And if you're a chef, a good chef, you'd probably welcome the challenge of making something delicious that didn't contain animals. Even if you just remove something from your regular menu, it's normally enough. But it is good that there's more plumbing because I think it is the way forward, definitely, for the world. So if this is the first video of our as you've ever seen, we are a vegan family, British family that have been living in Shaggat Island for the last three years. We came before the lockdown and my mum was with us at the time, we were just on vacation, got stuck here, she stayed on the island for six months, experienced quite a bit of what this island had to offer, but it was obviously during a different time in the world. And so we're very, very happy to welcome her back to the Philippines, so she can experience it again, but in a more peaceful and less stressed setting outside of the pandemic time, how it's supposed to be experienced, meeting the friendly people and enjoying the lovely food, and just enjoying what it is that we like to call home. And the reasons why we stayed when many other people have left. It's really, really nice place to live, so beautiful, feels like paradise almost all of the time, even when the weather's not perfect, but we have found plenty of beauty here to enjoy, and that is why we want to stay here long term. Probably done in business and we are heading back down the hill. I don't know if you can see that. Look at the sea line, it looks really high, doesn't it? It's a really strange perspective, isn't it? Yeah. Because we're up on the top of the mountain, it's like in the jungle setting, and yet you can see the sea right up there. That's a food story. Really good. Enjoying it. Yeah? You'll pop off quite excited, the same dish. I've heard it's lovely. That's the fricature. Enjoying it? I could eat that without anything. It's so nice. How about the hummus? We love it, the hummus. Yeah. It's lovely. It's lovely. Tell us how you made it. Beautiful. This is the musli bowl. Oats and musli. This is the new one, the menu actually, it wasn't here last time. Oh, wow. Which is what the rice I thought you were saying. I'm going to do a review of the jungle ice team. I've actually noticed that the ice is in the shape of a flower, but it's a little bit around the straw. And I'm going to do a taste to go now. Taste like palm trees. Oh, I know. It's spicy. Oh, it's got ginger in it, maybe. Oh, maybe. I think it's ginger, isn't it? That's good tea. So you can have a sip, so if you can guess what the name is. Oh, I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. It's got ginger in it. Is it sweet? It's sweet and it has ginger in it. Jungleys. Jungleys. Jungleys. It's got a real leafy. I'm a viewer. This is the espresso matcha answer. Coconut milk. I'm going to try this one for a cow white. The one with the whole glass. I mean I used to use a whole bottle. That's really good. Do you remember when we stayed in these rooms the last time you came here? Yes, I'm a cosy girl. You did it. Oh yes a cosy girl. Yes she did. She kept coming over to me didn't she? That was the one Papa stayed in there. That one there. And then used to run across from this there and used to come up to me there. It looks very different though because the last time of course there was so many more trees. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Well I compared the footage from the last time we came here and like when we were standing here we were completely surrounded by trees. We couldn't see the sea at all. No it was like dark with tree cover. You can tell where the tops of the tree has been swite off. Yeah you can see that. And that's a guava plant that is. Yeah? Yeah. Well I'm glad that they rebuilt it. It's a little bit different but at least it's still here. These ones do just test with the storm really. Yeah. Our favourite vegetable shop. We always stop here on the way back from our trip something off. It's like in the middle point for us. We always got a good kind of full selection of vegetables. They were ginger. The green is of ginger. They're consuming a lot of ginger lately. It's healthy for us. It's nice to support the local shops here. This is what the provincial life looks like. Still lots of tourist fans around the island. Such a spotted her favourite. Spring onions. Happy. How are you feeling in there? Stracted? Those ears are right up. You're usually tea. You enjoying your outing? Yeah. The story really wants to make potato soup tonight. So she's been buying the ingredients for today. Vegetable shopping is done. I'm going to buy some of these. I'm going to buy some of these. I'm going to buy some of these. I'm going to buy the ingredients for today. Vegetable shopping is done. And now we are at Nogs in Pilar. Hopefully you're squeaking away because there's a dog out there isn't there, Pops? Look at orangey look. She looks beautiful doesn't she? So beautiful. What a lovely atmosphere. You're quite cute as well. What's your name? I think I've seen you before. Who is that Pops? It wasn't that long ago I was talking about bringing my mum here to try out some of the clothes. And now she's here inside the store. Having a look at some dresses to wear, some tops to go with the trousers that she bought. It's a nice comfortable looking clothes here. Is it good actually? You want a comfy puppy? I try. I'm trying to get up there. You can be too. She put her head away that's why. Popper's heading to the changing room. Got a colours chosen. These little kitties are still here. So small. They're still here popping. No matter where you go you can hear that beast out there. There's a dog walking around in front of her just teasing. Welcome to the little sister. I'm not used to doing this. You're welcome. You thought we were going to try that? She was using a scratcher. She was using a scratcher. Um, is it raining? No scratchers. It's so cute. Look up. Poppy meeting. Oh my gosh. It's a puppy meeting. I like puppy meetings because it shows love to other puppies. She's so good around other dogs. Look at her. She loves sniffing their butts. They love sniffing their butts too. I like that one. Oh, it's beautiful. That looks nice. I like it. It suits you. That's a nice beautiful colour. That was a successful clothes shopping pop. I've got three dresses in the end and I'm about to do the shout out for today. Oh, do we dead? Should I shout out goes to? Poppy and Smires. Thanks for being a member. We appreciate it. And now I'm going to go to Barthesmore Biscuits. Thank you, Poppy. Hope you enjoyed today's video. If you guys are interested in becoming a member for yourself, getting a shout out from Poppy or story or one of us, you can hit the join button just below the video we're in the description below. And here's to thank you to everybody who's become a member so far. It really does make a difference to our channel. And we will see you in the next video. Bye.