 In Australia I just take cream and coffee. So when I take sugar I feel my tongue is already used to eat with cream and this one. But sometime once in a while I take cream. But very nice, this mascaf is very good. And I found some other items here like the other day I went somewhere last year yesterday. I thought I had a new event today. I went to the market behind there. What is it? It's a chicken obviously. It's only about 300 pesos. Which is 100 something for 2% of the amount. It's about 1.5% of the amount. So it's about 3.5%? How much is this cream? About 325. It's about 160 something. About 160 pesos? It's about 1.5% of the amount. I think it's about the same amount. In Australia I don't think it's about 30. It's about 1.5% of the amount. I'll show you how to get the cream. I'm not doing much. I'm not doing much. I think in the 15 or 17 dollar I'm not gonna make it down Every day the price is increasing Haka I only spend 70 pesos which is $2 Then it will cost $24 I know I was 2 years ago, it was $21 and you need to make a appointment $21 Now they are aware of it Before it came here, it took 1 day $24 It is a month ago It is about $26 They have got an account You see my hand It is $17 It is only $2 Any got Any got sausage Any got I'll present the share of power There We'll go Don't leave it out On the right, on the side There is a Tony Tony On the opposite, there is a few more power In his opposite, that's where I go There are a few weeks Not a second place Before the Tony They got an account And the guy who wishes There is a He did So I said don't do that But he did Any massage me here Only this 70% You know, they don't do that They don't do all this And then you have to make a appointment $24 Lesses to $2 That's a life of For encounter Because one more thing I found is This has been here for almost 4 months now I didn't see 100% Homeless Homeless Homeless They're sleeping in the car Australia 20 And even Roadside They're sleeping at night In times 10 But if If Australia per city Adelaide terrace The main road in Australia per I saw about 9% in the morning People sleeping Covering with the hot water I didn't see anyone No So far I have seen only one lady Was asking for money In Australia About a year Even people who are now Less than people Australia They just come We have some change They're very nicely there I'll see We have any change Let me ask you No Some people they come They meet If you don't give That one girl was punched My friends daughter was punched in Australia And not condemning Australia Don't compare the three-third-one countries They get a lot of people In the country here I know So what a lady was asking for money So far And I didn't see anybody sleeping in roadside But in Australia In the main city But People are sleeping In roadside So pretty What are you talking about? People are old They're not well People No kind people here So I made a decision I know This is a right decision Today is my most happy day That the The government was flipping Accepted me You know All this while I was thinking What's going Because I was traveling here Traveling there That document distorts me My uncle and Malaysia My brother My sister's all They are very very happy And here that I finally found a family And Because I was Even when I was Last week I was my battery And you know my share My sister was crying Every year But they In Australia I just go to the Pepsi or Alone I'll sit alone Even Christmas Day New Year Day I'll be sitting alone Just have something to Resist as you To cry Because they all At the time they Well this time They are very happy Because last 14 14 December My wife Filipina Why She arrived Gathering in the house She made cake for me My sister cried She saw She said I saw First time I see you Because all the while you sit in the car Care to see a low And you sit in Even Christmas Day New Year Day Brother, Brother, Brother This is not a independent tree Stimulating the Around the family Filipina People Right now Right now Everybody is so I am a I'm the same person Only for one man here And I got a beautiful family And I don't worry about some more What's happening What's happening Right That's what But I gave up my house To my ex-boy Game I keep Take it My car is I don't have anything In Australia No property, no car Even Malaysia, I don't have anything But in Filipina, I have a house I have a beautiful family A beautiful friend That's what Very amazing I can't blame Grappi Talat or Desena Very unpleasable That horse plank Because I surrender my life to Jesus Christ Few years ago You know that I was very Right Very unpleasable I got a pool for this And I gave up my life To go to the mall I thought What I want is Yeah I want to go there now You know, I started You know, all these terms I don't have any Any depth Now, I want I feel nice I have little bit But I know Tomorrow What's my dream When we surrender completely, Jesus Christ He will reside He will dream Just who is Meen That's amazing I don't share a bad Bible And 100 Bible Now every time I If I sit down He lets me speak Share with people Even He will be doing for a time In my company Under 15 people I am the only one Need to get it Just Because right now I know Not to do my heart Not to everybody but To me is a test Jesus said You I need you Give up everything So I start to think My company Want to take me out No job I went to my manager director I'm ready It is my local field I do it to you If you don't want me to come I'm okay But I'm not going to take Because I believe in people I'm getting that I know What he said I said I see your changes in your life You have changed a lot I believe Jesus tries to change your life I believe your faith You have to work tomorrow As usual The whole factory Even some museum People look at it They used to And I say it's not for me I think it's not But the next day I went to my Jesus He gave me work to work So that made me To share with I was called a person I said Of course everybody had to Follow the rules of the I was called But for me