 Hey guys, I'm Kopposhi Yoshihiri and this is my younger brother Kohi. So today we're going to watch Miss Universe winners from the Philippines compilation 1969 1973 2015 2018 So let's watchyoung Suho Geofhochi Yeah Shii Come to me Here inJames will Gutbeur Miss Universe 1969 And Miss Universe will you please step out of the ramp in your traditional Girls the first runner up is Miss USA Miss Philippines Miss Universe Miss USA Oh, I think it's all The boat's got a... No, no, no, only from the Philippines I think it's a challenge and Rachel understanding It's gonna drop Like why she's having that like tilt I'm just wondering if she's being universe and this wonderful audience here in Heaven's Green She's like Kyrgyz, she's about to go for it Thank you for joining us on television in the United States Good night Miss Universe Oh, 2015 is... I think I remember this Someone... Yeah, yeah, yeah, I remember this First he said Colombia but after that he said Philippines What? Really? Wasn't it? No? I think I have seen this Yeah, one the trophy No, no Yeah, this is so sad I have to apologize Like really bad The first runner up is Colombia She's really going for it No, no Yeah, I remember this Like he was a trend almost greater Yeah Miss Universe 2015 is Philippines Like, congratulations but so... So sorry for Colombia Yeah, really? Yeah, both Like this is no? Yeah Like she's like so confused Always killed it? Why? Always? Not on the street? Just tilt a little That's how Universe got the crown Yeah, this is Universe Oh, now it's straight What is Colombia now? Colombia, like, not on the street! Philippines! Philippines Go, go, go What is this? Philippines Oh my gosh I think I... I think I... Philippines So many times Yeah, yeah Philippines, Philippines Philippines for three years Yeah, yeah, yeah So many The flowers so tilt? No, tilt? A little tilt Yeah, a little tilt Yeah, yeah Yeah The flowers so big Yeah, but... Yeah 2015 is so crazy Yeah, yeah If you get a chance, you can raise one more person Which one? I think so But, in the end, I think it's better to lose Ah, Colombia Yeah You guys can see it Yeah, yeah It's really cute It's like a peak from where you're going I think so Yeah It's a city where you want the context But... It's a city where you... It's like five minutes Yeah, and it became To the worst moment I don't know The truth is, it's cute That person is famous Hm? It's a famous story It's a famous story No, I think it's a story It's not like I was I want to be able to make a mistake It's like a story So thank you guys for watching You guys have so many winners Miss Universe Yeah, like it's amazing So thank you guys for watching We... Please comment whatever you want to comment And hit the like button as well And also please... What? Subscribe to our channel Subscribe to our channel and also have a good day See you