 Right now we are in the really hot, really sunny and very sweaty city of Seaboo here in the Philippines. We flew here this morning from Gouraqai, we've checked in, checked in our accommodations, cut us thinking we're enough and now we're going to explore a little bit more of the city. We were so tired from a really early flight this morning but we're so glad to be out and about now. We're hoping to do a wee bit of a walk around the city, hopefully try some Filipino dishes this evening as well. And just see what Seaboo City is all about. So we're actually going to make our way towards an area called Colin Street, which is actually the oldest street here in the Philippines. I hope there will be a couple of wee markets and we've got a few wee dishes in around there. It is so so busy here. I'm comparing this to Manila where we were first time when we came to the Philippines. I would nearly go as far as seeing here's actually busier. The tropics seems like it's just a lot heavier, there's a lot more office but we didn't expect that. We did think Manila would be like the busiest kind of area that we were going to be in. So this is a bit of a surprise to us to be honest. Love and see in the jeep knees back art again, whatever we were on the island, we didn't see any of those at all. So I don't know if they're like a bigger city kind of thing or what but we really enjoy them and hopefully get into one of them later on. But what we have noticed is that the jeep knees are actually different here as well. They've got like a different like base to different front lawns, don't compare to the ones in Manila and they are still very very cool and yeah, as Ashling said we're hoping to get a wee ride in one later because they're a bit of a novelty for us as well. And they're cheap. Yeah. People so far here have been super friendly as well. Everybody's waving saying hello and just a proper nice welcome environment as well which is pretty pretty cool but we seem to have that everywhere in the Philippines so far so yeah it's just a lonely place to be. Cross the road is never easy. Yeah this is a main area. So in terms of things to do here in St. Louis City this is actually the number one thing to do is come and see this straight. So we're here we're going to see what it all has in store. Okay we're straight in the straight from a gutter to have a mango shake with some candelos milks. Lovely freshly made right in the side of the road. 20 pesos. It's kind of completely out of this beautiful. It's like so long from out of mango shake. It is so busy. So large. It's the Chicks Carrier. The Chicks Carrier. Ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous. Have my ride or what. So I can't believe we're actually having the same as she hears. We did in Manila whenever we were left with food in the market area there. We just can't find the same like stalls and street food really. It's all like restaurants, bakeries and things that got but I'm determined I want to get some street food here in Seibu. Oh that's cool. Hello. How much for small portion? 50. And is it pork? Beef. Oh beef. Lunch. Lunch. Soap number five. Soap number five. Oh and best hour. Oh it's very good. It's hot. Very hot. Oh good. What else is in it? They both have a bun bak gua. Oh yeah that's like the skin. Oh. Oh like the skin and butter. Oh. Baka. Baka. Baka. Oh. And where are these? Jorizo. Jorizo. Oh like sausage. So we just come across this based down the side of the room. And the one I checked out that we saved us right. Number five. Number five. Number five. They should have number five yet. It's got loads of different parts of faith in it. It's got like the skin of like a cow and like a lot of the fat in it as well. Quite tasty but I'm not sure if I'm into the thought apart. But we've also just done a very good flavor. So really good flavor. And we also got this. It says it's pork. Like sure as soon we think. And then we thought this was a spring roll but I thought that was thunder to bite. But I'm not sure what it is. So it'll be interesting to say he bought finally we find our shape it. And we got a plate of onions and chilies and different things that we can add to everything. I'm gonna go for it. I actually have to go for it. But I don't know if this is how you do it. But this is how you do it. Oh thank you. Okay. Better ball of that. It's here so far. A big piece of vegetables. Yeah that one good. Okay I think I'm gonna go and finish the next thing that I'm not sure what it is. Very jelly looking. It looks like fat. I'm not sure how to fit it but this one. But I'm gonna go for it regardless. But I don't even know how I'm gonna go for it. Okay. It's. And yeah I don't know what that one's for me. It's like white body. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe it's good for you. Yeah very jelly. On this side. Okay. So everything here seems to have my vinegar too which I'm quite happy about. I quite like vinegar but one doesn't know like vinegar. So I've been told to add vinegar to my Naltzbring Road. I am so much better go. Go on. Just throw your onion in. Yeah probably cut it off. Oh it looks like a sprang road. Yeah. I'm gonna go in with a chorizo pork ball type of thing. It's covered in some sort of sticky sauce but it looks pretty good I think. Okay. That's very red and middle. Yeah you know what it's like a chorizo. You can smell it all fat let me think. Yeah. No I can actually like smell it. It does it smells like salami so kind of. I think it maybe has onion and inside of it as well. Yeah. That's interesting. 40. 140. No thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you bye bye. We find our street. Finally we've got our street with the food on it and we've got a couple of things so far so I think I'll have a few more where you think so. They're all just wheat teasers and wheat samples so we need more food. Hello. Hello. Well that was the last thing I thought I was going to see in this city was a horse and cart very strange. It honestly feels like we're going back like a couple of hundred years in time walking down this street with the horse and carts. It's all just so kind of old school feeling and it's actually very very cool to walk there. As you can tell it's getting a wee bit darker and I just get more into the evening but one thing it's not getting is any colder it is still so so warm it's so humid here so I'm just going to have to get a bottle of water and just cook it. Okay we seem to have just found like a foamy market street so hopefully we'll be able to pick up a wee few more dishes here and try some more Filipino food. I was trying to figure out what's straight wrong but I don't even have a clue. My mom says and telling me at all but it's really busy. We'll be able to have a market so this should be hot. Hello! Okay I think we've just walked into a whack market and make market here and it's bloody crazy and some smells of fish I'll tell you that much. What type of fish is this? It's so big! It is massive! There is so many noises so many people shouting so much tootin from all the like the taxis and stuff going on this place is just bloody crazy. Okay and a good way! That's your definite dive in there. So we've walked up and down quite a few straights now but we think we're at this seam on a tree in the market now. There's a lot of people around a lot of people selling vegetables, fruits, like clothing, a little bit of everything but it's so busy here and we're absolutely loving it. Oh one says this next target maybe. He's going in for a closer inspection. I see. What are you guys? Okay so this is something that I've been like king to try for. I don't know what reason but I think here that there are things chicken and test time. So I've got a full and test time barbicade on the side of the street with some lovely looking sauce. It's mad to be really nice. Oh maybe now I'll give it a go yet it's too hot. That's so hot. Oh Oh Okay it pops. I don't think I'm cast-in for me. The sauce is good. I can't even swallow it. I just want to go down. I was not checking it at all. That one's not for me. I'm not a fauna liver. I'm not a fauna and test time. Not for me but Ashling's going to have to give it a go now that we have it. Yes my turn. I'm going to go with bigger bites if I'm not wounded. I didn't mean to just give up. Oh that wasn't even a bite. Oh the texture. Yeah. Go on. This is all so nice. Take a proper bite. You need a proper bite of it. Uh huh. That was kind of my reaction to you. You have to keep chewing and chewing and chewing and don't you? Yeah I'm glad I'm doing it in a little bite. Not for you. Not this time. There isn't too many meats and different types of foods that we don't enjoy and don't like. Unfortunately this one just isn't for us but we are really glad we tried it and we do want to try a lot more Filipino dishes and foods but yeah this one unfortunately just isn't too much for us and isn't for us. It's a lot of that too chewing. Yeah. An acquired taste was it. Just keep scoring. Going and going and going. Okay that is all finished up for this evening. We are going to make our way back towards our hotel because we are shot at this stage when we need to hit the bed. We've had a great day just walking around the city here and our first impressions are pretty good so far. Pretty good yeah we've honestly really really enjoyed just walking around CB City here today. Chatting to the locals, eating some local food and just doing a bit of exploring around the markets as well because we did hear a lot of mixture reports about CB City so we weren't too sure what to expect but to be honest we really enjoyed it. We have had a week of time today yeah. We are only here for one night though we actually moved on to mobile tomorrow but when we leave the Philippines we're actually flying out of CB City so we are coming back and we would love to hear any other recommendations for things to do right here in the city. Yeah even places to check out as well and things first to go see in the city. Please leave your recommendations down below we would massively massively appreciate it and as always if you have enjoyed this video we would love it if you hit the like button down below if you subscribe to the channel and hopefully you'll follow us along for the rest of our journey throughout the Philippines. See you later.