 Nelaborai si girl HELLO! Did you prepare any question? Na ginho wunat no? Yeah Yala Lai! Lai! Butin na lang, kenaglakan ng chili man si Hey guys, it's Jessica here And today we're back with another best-selling content on my channel which is the famous Who knows, the Philippines better And of course we can't do this alone so I'm going to have a speed mate Who's going to do this with me So let's invite our speed mate first Speed mate! Speed mate! Guys my speed mate is a bit... ...parang gangster ya And I'm the Matalino girl Tala kaba Yep I'm Matalino Matalino Matalino Maya manta taikong So we have ginho! Anyways Jessica, it's so nice to meet you And it's an honor to be on your channel Actually, I'm up to date with your content Wow Ligit, ligit And my friends love you so much Shout out to y'all, do it You think you ginho's friend? We did the Who knows the Philippines better challenge before right? And you know that video? That's the second trending video on your channel Yes! That video got like... 1.9, yeah We're doing it again So today we're going to be just answering like ...as if we're really in school Tala kaba Wait, wait, love That's the intro, I'm gonna have a snow pressure Quence B Oh my god, I'm so tired I'm so tired, I'm cold and down 4 What's the break time? I'm just kidding Is it cold? Oh, it's cold Oh, it's an acnes option now Oh, oh You know how I knew this? What's your content beef? You got cancelled for saying that you're a god of... What? Salon? Salon beef What's your guess? Did you guys all know that? Lice, lice Lice, lice, upoan Upoanang alam nyong What's uyo? Uyo kong gitan gana Oh my god, it's a bit... ...it's a bit... ...it's a bit... I'm so tired I learned this in your content also That's right, that's right That's English Letter, and this is the... ...tagalog I love the English language ...it's a bit... ...at least five Wait, wait, oh my god Wait, wait, wait, wait Wait I put... ...tagalog illongo ...seboano ...English and bicolano ...is the galok misaya hili gai nonged ...kampampangan ...wadaiwara You should have made it like a lot ...for it so it's challenging for us I thought you was gonna say name 50 I got the bar In the name of traditions, it costs me Because it's sometimes this is... ...replaceable Yeah You got it You got it ...pansit What's that? What's that? What's that? Wait, wait, wait I was thinking ...pansit canton or beef No, not the instant No, not the real one Jessica Lee, you're gonna say that in birthday I really don't know You're just gonna say that you're a chili man I know I should know if you're in a way of expressing your emotions But really, I'm here when you're visiting someone's class Let's go Oh, okay Oh, I'm in a hurry I'm improving Keeping up with Jin who beat her ...and then One, two, three You know that? Yes, I watched the dresser Oh, that's what I'm saying Tabi, Tabi, boo Chicken intestines are barbecue and so ...and the sweet is a bit sour ...and then Chicken intestines are barbecue and so One food I never tried and never willing to try Answers up I can't eat this Me too, I cannot I can't Isn't as long already the name? What's the tip-tik is a kind of aswan? Yes The tip-tik is the one that separates the upper body and the lower body ...but they're all classified under aswan The roof Okay, I'm gonna do challenge Would it be? You know it's tongue twister, two tries Okay, she pauses That's end, okay? Okay, okay, okay Guys, ready? Pitoong food, pitoong pitoong Pitoong itinerito Nang puting patong papito pito Pitoong itinerito He doesn't sound like a loco at all, I cannot I can't Get out Why is the bill asking the people to be at the restaurant Miss What's that noise? What's that noise? Sweet, sweet, sweet When you're so rich, your wish is like Sweet Can we just one word that represents? Not one word? I'm close, right? I just want to be like, don't Pass your paper, whether you're done or not I'm off D Conjunction is very crucial Is it a physical kill or is it just in terms of... Who killed him then? There's no exit No, it's not I said you killed him, so I'll be like, you said I really saw that Is it a trick question? Wait, I'm gonna cry USA, Japan and China Correct Oh, Indonesia is a lie So it's Luzon, Panai, Mindanao Panai What is the biggest island in the Philippines? Oh my god For the first time Guys I'm okay Oh my god, I'm so happy I'm so happy One, two, three I'm so happy Not yet Did you prepare any questions that Jinho will not know? As the city of smiles You know this Jinho? Yeah, where are you? Smile And then there's golden heart Wait, I'm so confused between the two Oh my god Yes! The golden heart is below the wall No? I forgot, I know the name What about the new book, 3 of... Traffic I'll tell you, you're traffic is unmatched Wait, wait Oh shit, I'm not sure But I'm feeling this Clue, this is the new book of 90s Is it? I'm not sure, I know Okay I'm so happy Oh my god, it's my own recent I'm so happy I'm so active at the present day Okay Challenge Okay, challenge Reside a popular movie with feeling? You don't know that soy I'm so happy Oh, I learned it last time Baked Baked Parang Fault I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy Try this I'll react to it Feeling Feeling Oh yeah, feel Are you guys ready? Ready My brother is not pig I am a little bit I'm so happy I'm not a boi I know I'm so happy Okay, it's a new start Perform the movie with a challenge It's a little bit Practice only You know the movie We do it together since I helped you with this Okay I'm so happy Just like you're having fun Yes! Guys, did I? It was my favorite But That's round Wow Okay, Jino is 4k In five of the Ten thousand people Crazy Rich Asians Felt guilty? Rich feels guilty I have to admit Felt guilty Felt guilty in crazy Rich Asians Crazy Rich Asians Oh my god, how do I vertigo? Oh my god Oh my god, how do I vertigo? Oh my god, how do I vertigo? I have to admit I have to admit Okay, okay, okay, reveal me Who is that? Oh my god You don't know? The queen of media Oh my god, my god She was there in Crazy Rich Asians Yeah, like Bon Pudge Rachel's Her pants are really Can you go for an outfit? Jeremy In the Philippines? In the Philippines? Sanchez Bouquet Very very popular Wait, wait, can we give it? Do you know? No Super secret What is it? Four points, 45k What is it? It's a robot I know, I know, I know, I know I know, I know I'll see you later I'll see you later Comedy, fashion, weightlamp Weightlamp I'm so sorry, my friend I'm so sorry I'm so sorry, my friend Wait, he puts three use, I put two you What's the correct answer? Open-oant-out-mupa malika na ma- Did you see? Kong na nga higikana lang, did you see? Three use, mini-ya I don't know One of the type of petalistine-needers Is it all? Oh, it's gonna be fun! Yeah, Gloria Diaz was the first It's cool Philippines, land of beauty And they are Venus, right? Venus? Me and the five-prite masks of Jolly Oh my god, the toy I don't know! They're happy, Mio? Sorry I'm Dolly Mio I don't know, honestly You know, like, something like that What are you doing? I know there's yum, right? Yum Poppa and Triton That is very cruel, putting names on something you're about to chew in Swallow It's my first time to know that there are names that can be called... Thank you, Jolly Bee, now I have to think twice I'm so good Find a small white skull from however space Swallow's in and becomes the way more than the way the pen is looking I'm so disappointed you don't know this Me? Yeah Do I know this? Because, like, how many superheroes are there in the Philippines? This is the, I don't know this Flip it? Like that! What's the point? I still win Who's the oldest gold model in the Philippines? Volg model, oldest Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, I'm not a little bit of a f*** You're so good! You're so good at it I know, I'm too good You're so good! Yeah It's just like a dollar and a million What's your name? So sorry! And then how's your new flight, right? Okay, I'll just do one more challenge But I feel like guys, I think I'll get there I think if I just do this, like around two more three times with Jinho I think they finish the paper The day will come that I'm gonna win Jinho guys, okay? Hey, what's that? And then you successfully complete one round of jackstone You don't know how to do that? I know, but the Filipino one is so hard I'm good with, like, Korea jackstone Me too, me too, me too, me too, me too But this is hard You have to, like that? You don't know You didn't know that You didn't know that You didn't know that You didn't know that You just throw it off from the mouse Ah! Yeah! Noo What's wrong with you? No, no, it's okay That's it? Korea round two is like Dalawa Ah! And then Dalo? Yeah! And then Aban? Yeah! You're good But she didn't press the bell so no point Name one popular Pinoy Karaoke song and sing it Oh, this is very timely Because I'm really happy with my channel I want to pull out the musical sign in Jessica I know she's not that confident with singing But I think she's on pitch And she has a beautiful voice So we'll do a caroling Yes! And we'll prepare some Christmas opium That's the only thing Because we're very busy in Dalawa We have to prepare We have to prepare As soon as now We have to prepare We have to prepare As soon as now Wow! Wow! I want to make it I want to make it I don't have to do anything I don't have to make it I want to make it I want to make it I want to make it I want to make it Anyways guys Alright Some bay Oh, this is amazing Oh my god You have to keep this, okay? I will not throw this away I will not throw it away, okay? 30-spide Noipi This certificate is proudly presented to you Jino Bay For your outstanding performance in today's Pinoy Quiz B Your dedication to embracing the Filipino identity is an inspiration to all bridging cultures and fostering unity Congratulations on this remarkable achievement! Thank you, Gabi Effort, you are welcome Congratulations! Congratulations! Congratulations! Guys, this is it guys Thank you very much for your support for the amazing Jessica I know this has been all for fun We're just celebrating the week I hope you guys didn't take this challenge too seriously At the end of the day, we have something in common Love for the Filipinos and the Philippines I hope you guys enjoyed Please do visit my channel, Dimpol Check out Jino Bay We're going to also collab on the songs for Christmas as well Stay tuned for that as well Do you want me to bring F*** Thank you guys so much for watching Bye guys Bye Oh my god Wait guys They knew that Jino was going to win They already They already They already have my face printed They already knew I was going to win Oh my god Thank you guys Thank you guys Thank you guys Thank you guys Thank you guys