 it already says their paradise so I'm looking forward to it I'm looking forward to it hi and welcome back to another video so today we have got philippines mystery waterfall paradise green garden of a den and it's from becoming a philippino I've had so many suggestions of this and everyone wants me to see it and react to it and I always enjoy it because it's something new they've never experienced I've never seen and I'm always armed open mind open eyes open to see everybody else's culture and appreciate it more and I think we all should do that a little bit more and now we can't go and see it because of the all the pandemic and everything but is there a wonderful we live in this year that we can appreciate people recording things and put a net on youtube or any photos and you know just appreciate more of our technology that we've got nowadays so everyone's telling me to react to this one so many many suggestions and I really can't wait to see it it's 16 minutes so I bet you I'm going to see paradise in my eyes so you knew hi my name is Samantha welcome to my channel if you're not subscribed please do subscribe because many more videos will be coming along and the original video that I'm going to react don't leave it down in the bottom so you can go check it out and if you want you sometimes you will see my little curly baby coming around from one side to another and she's my daughter Ebony and she is the best she always entertains you all a bit with her smiles and the hi so yeah let's go ahead and um watch this video love i want to camera like that so you know to go to places and um my goodness have you seen that wow we come in filipino wow you think in bestay everything matana matana matana you sing that five thirty in the morning five in the morning let's go take the coldest bath ever bring it on upper alamada wow I want to I want to camera like that and then experience more when I go on uh places and then at least I've got videos from myself and as well experience and show everyone else what I've been you know running puto puto puto puto puto means choppy and there are a few sections of this room even though it's paved there's still choppy choppy gorgeous i've seen the greenery's really nice and other roads don't have not the best but you get everywhere upper road alamada not Gandover have you seen the misty as well look at the drones i love it i love it i love it what are they called hey sing it wow that's how boy he's like yay wow wow what the wow i'm excited oh good morning it's here they got the equipment oh let's say i'm hungry i'm not as in practice yet oh that looks good what is that what's that it's like like bed and kenas i don't know what's called bed and kenas looks delicious fish the bed and kena spot i don't know what it is as plants is it called in english and spanish is called bed and kenas and it's like a purple thing yeah and you cut it in half and then you put it in the oven or fry it or something it's really nice i don't know if it is that but it did look like it my god the additions of this is a wonderful god just look at that i love the drones i really want i would want one but knowing me i always crush it to somewhere whoa look at that and these are flip flops just like walking on come on last time like i learned that the last time winter so waterfalls that was horrible the godlock that was the worst the worst thing i look ever kailand daddy last time put this a waterfall okay i'm good bye that's me good god man krabby i will answer you my good friend is that his name krabby my brother's call krabby yeah these translations says that's krabby that's paradise oh my goodness oh my goodness we're working our way down the steps now but i love the fresh air i love this cool environment it's actually nicer right now man it's like foggy but it's really nice it's really really it's actually this is a really refreshing way to wake up in the morning yeah and the thing is does she think that yeah done but when you got to get up how are you going to do it my goodness getting up is going to be look how many steps it's like yeah okay i'll go down but then how am i going to get up my the beauty of that my goodness we are so blind by the beauty of this world look at that amazing beauty and we just need to open our eyes and experience and and really travel around the world to appreciate it see i told you i told you did i'm just thinking of that and that's what i'm saying so you're going to you're going down but then when you get up how are you going to get up it's like oh my goodness yes easy getting down but make it impact hope that now my my goodness look at that the just the sound of that is a very very refreshing very soothing oh is that cold that is cold i thought it would be wow wow i wonder how how heavy is camera you know it's really good because you can see around but would it be very heavy you know with the stick and just things that i always think i don't know if you can see but my hair's are going up oh my please see that beauty that is beauty beauty so This is just majestic. That would have placed a wake up as like a steam coming from the water. Exactly. Exactly. And the sound is amazing. It's nice to see it, but it would be amazing just to be there. Wow. I'm just shocked and amazed how wonderful that is. I bet it's freezing, but it's so soothing. Honestly, I've been into natural waters as well. And it's very cold, but the lair on your body feels so relief. As if massive weight is just dropped off. That's so cool. That's so cool. That's how you wake up with a morning. Ebony's coming. I've heard of this type, not getting scared. Oh, I've got... no, we're not doing this. No, we're not having this. It's an adverts. Come here. I also had brought their lunch or breakfast. Come on, stop. Come on, stop. I bet you love late. Whoa. Amazing. That's amazing. The beauty of nature. This is nature. This is the beauty that people do not appreciate. We should appreciate it. You can see what acid-gasmic falls is a must visit. It's a waterfall that literally flows out of the side of this big green curtain. There it is. It is... Amazing. The green, the water, the earth, altogether. It's like... It's too hot. It's not going to burn me. It's better good, very good. Okay. This is a very good bridge because it's not falling. It's not falling. You have a people from India that they're staying in Davao. Yay! That's amazing. Wow. Please look at that. Oh my goodness. The beauty. Wow. Okay. It's... Hand it on the stairs to zoom. Okay. Next to the top. Um... Those guys are from India. It's crazy how YouTube and social media... I walked up to them and said, hey, I'm Kulas to like... No, you're Kyle Jenerman. What? Like, yeah, we watch you on YouTube. It's a crazy world, man. It is. I really believe that the island was built in the real name. Not that, but that. It's so weird. Everyone calls it Kulas. Alright. Start the run up. But I'm gonna... Probably... Get tired. Fast. Up again. Yeah. That is so difficult. Getting back up. I knew it would be very, very difficult to get that up there. Wonderful. That means heavier than my backpack. Am I on? That means heavier than my backpack. Ah! Yeah, all you need is... Huh? You understand? Okay. How long have they got to get up there? That was... Hangos. Hangos, Brad. Hangos. Hangos. Hangos. Hangos, Hiringa. Catching my breath. Oh. Yeah. I wouldn't... I couldn't do it with the girl's... ...girl look there. Maybe really, I've got an A. But it would be... A wonderful place to go and say... A wonderful place. Once in the lifetime, that will be amazing. It is good that when you get up there, you've got the... ...little place to house them into. We drink... ...amazing. Loved it. Fantastic. It was wonderful. I'm so grateful that someone told me to react to it. Peace, cab. I actually consider this... ...curfing conditions. Because I'm not even sweating walking up the hill. It's just cool, very nice environment. The water is really flowing hard in rainy season. Asagastic. Kind of means like mist, mist. Yes, it is a misty... ...toja. ...toja. ...toja. ...toja. ...toja. ...toja. ...toja. ...toja. ...toja. ...toja. ...toja. ...toja. ...toja. Yes, it is. Back to motors. Coffee. Power on. Amazing. Loved it. We do not know what kind of glory we have got in this world. We should love and respect the nature and appreciate it. And really just to get to know it. Oh, it's amazing. It's amazing. I really enjoyed that. That was wonderful. I would honestly go once in my life just to experience that. Nature. Did you see that? It was green, rock, earth, water, sun. Everything was there in just one little place. You saw nature just surrounded every single point of your eyesight. And I loved it. I really did love it. It was amazing. What did you think about it? Have you ever seen this before? If you haven't, tell me. What did you think about it? If you have. Have you ever been there? Comments down below. That will be wonderful. I would appreciate every single comment down at the bottom. And yeah, if you've got any other new suggestions, any at all, leave it in the comments. And like I said, I will leave the original video and it's subscription on my channel. So you can go and check it out and subscribe to his channel. I hope you all have a wonderful day. Please, please do take care. And I'll see you all in my next video. Bye!