 We are just here for a couple of hours. We arrived and we had a long flight. And we were very tired, but this is lifting up our spirit. We are so happy here. What is up ladies and gentlemen? It is flying. We can't get with an extremely exciting start of a new vlog series. Yesterday evening I arrived in Sebu city, but I got some special guests with me. My parents flew into the Philippines with me for their first ever Philippines trip. I've convinced them to come here because they have to see the Philippines at least once. Every person has to come and do a holiday in the Philippines at least once because it is such a special and unique country with so many amazing things to offer. I'm in my little hotel room right now. I'm going to meet up with my parents in a moment because we are heading over to Sebu Pier 1. Because the first thing I'm going to show my parents is the whole one of my favorite places in the whole world. We got a really cool resort on Punglao island. Let the flying cows parents in the Philippines vlog series start right now. Alright guys, we are checking out right now waiting for the taxi to bring us to Pier number. It is so nice to be back in Sebu again guys. This is my third time here. I haven't spent that much time here like close to two months. Sebu is such a nice place. Super special, super different and the vibes are so good. We have Sebu behind us guys. And ahead of us lies the whole. It was only about 500 pesos per ticket, super cheap. And well, we're super excited. We're going to have an epic full journey. We were so busy this morning rushing from one place to another. We didn't have time but let me quickly introduce my very own mommy. Here she is. I mean flying cows. So, how are you? Fine, mom. And are you excited for the Philippines? Yes! So far so very good. We are very happy to be here. And our first impression is the people are really fantastic, very very nice. So, we will wait. What's ahead? Of course my parents have seen all my vlogs so they already have a good impression of the Philippines. And now they're going to experience it for themselves. Alright guys, we just arrived and we got a super chill little taxi here. And very happy, tricycle drivers over here. What's up? How are you doing sir? Doing good? Yes, me too. We're in Buhol. Happy New Year! Yes, halegayang. Bagongtaot. Yes! Okay, bye bye! Bye bye! We are in Panglao driving on our way to our resort. It is so beautiful. It's amazing guys. And this is the first time my parents are seeing anything like this. And what are your first impressions? It's amazing. Country, side, scenery, so far. It's fantastic at the weather. Alright guys, we have arrived at our resort. I'm pretty hyped to see what it's going to be like. Hello. Hello. We have a booking. Yes, we have a booking. Step. Wow, this resort looks sick guys. Check the roof out. How did they do that? Okay ladies and gentlemen, my parents have just checked into their room. We will visit them in a bit, but first we're going to check out what my room has to offer. I'm so nervous. Let's find out. Oh, this looks so good. This is going to be an amazing week, full week in Buh-Hole. In luxury baby. Let's do a little room tour. We got a giant bazillion inch TV over here. Here we have the snack bar with loads of beautiful snacks. These are my favorite. My favorite. Mmm, what? Yes. Then right here we got the bed. It looks comfy, but is it comfy? Let's find out guys. Let's find out. I'm going to sleep so well here. Wait. The bathroom looks legendary. Let's go have a peek. Let's test it out guys. Ooh, that's comfy. I love it. All right, so this is a stairs down for my room. Not a bad place. It's a wake up every morning. Hey, where is everybody? Oh, my parents must be at the bar already guys. You'll learn throughout this vlog series that my parents really love drinking booze. Kind of like me. So I will catch them at the bar in just a sec, but let me show you that room quickly. See? Call them red handed at the bar. All right guys, I've joined my parents at the bar. I told you they'd be here drinking alcohol already. By the way, this is my dead Marcel introduction right now because we didn't have an opportunity to do that earlier. He was sleeping on the boat. Always full of sleep everywhere. You will notice throughout this vlog series. Everybody is very, very excited to explore the Philippines with me. You're truly here. Thank you. Thank you. That looks great. I want a chicken adobo please. Oh, good choice. Because Gal has mentioned that so many times in his vlogs. So I didn't even need to say anything. And my parents ordered chicken adobo. They have learned from me and my vlogs. They have learned from the best guys. Chicken adobo is amazing. Yes, I will also have a chicken adobo. Always chicken adobo. Fresh watermelon without sugar. Because we don't do that around here. And how is the Filipino beer? Very, very nice. I really like it. It's nice. It's got a lot of flavor. Oh, what that looks beautiful. It looks pretty good. It looks lovely. Thank you. Okay, wow, thank you. Jerefoot. Wow guys, this honestly looks like one of the best chicken adobos I've ever seen. So I think my parents are off to a very, very good start here in Philippines. When it comes to Filipino food. For the Philippines. For the Philippines. Makson de Vomra. First Filipino food. That's really good. So juicy, so much flavor. This is why I told my parents to come here. For the amazing food and the amazing sights. Hello, this is Flying Mom. We are just here for a couple of hours. We arrived, we had a long flight. And we were very tired, but this is lifting up our spirit. We are so happy here. I want the time to not go on just to stand still. Mago, bye. So good. See guys, we are making new friends already. You make friends everywhere in the Philippines. Not even people, dogs as well. So we have been refueled, we have food, we are feeling good again. We are going to take a very quick walk into Alona. Our resort is right on Alona Beach here in Pangla, which is like the most famous tourist area. It's very nice, so we are going to take a nice walk into the town. Just go exploring. Now that guy, he has the right idea. Hello. Have you tried that? Have you tried this before? Is the passion fruit? Is this passion fruit? No, this is not passion fruit. Mango steam. It's a Filipino fruit, very delicious. Don't know it? Never heard of mango steam. But it's right. Alright, this one looks really good. Let's try it out. My mom tastes some mango steam. This one looks good. This one looks very, very good. Look at that. What? What? She's confused. So which part do you eat? The purple part. No, the white part. Hello. That is so lovely. That's so good. Wow. That sweet. That's sour. That's sour. That's also sweet. Yeah, sweet and sour. I love mango steam so much. In Dutch, masarap is lecker. Masarap delicious. Lecker. Lecker. Very lecker. Very lecker. Guys, a bit. Oh. Guys, a bit. There are pits. Alright, ladies and gentlemen, we made it here. Punglao, a lona beach boho. It's really true. This sign proves it. I didn't just make it up. We're in paradise. I'm so happy to be back in boho. I love this place. We're at a lona beach, guys. And it is really bustling over here. The vibes are amazing. So this is my first time here at a lona beach as well, guys. Not only for my parents, but for myself too. And the vibes are really nice here. It's way more touristy than other places that I've been to in the Philippines. But the vibes are really good. It reminds me a tiny little bit of Boracay. Definitely not as touristy as Boracay. But sometimes it's also nice to be in places that are a little bit more touristy. Because they have a lot of nice restaurants. They have a lot of nice resorts. They got all types of fun things going on. I love it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I won't get one. I won't get one. I won't get one. I won't get one. I'm free. Okay. Two tandoahes go. That's what I'm going to get. Cheers, guys. It's an epic trip in the Philippines with my parents over here. I promise you guys I'm going to do a really, really good job as a tour guide here in the Philippines. Alright, ladies and gentlemen. It's been a fantastic day here in the Philippines as usual. Don't forget to follow me on Instagram. Handle being displayed right here right now. And if you enjoyed the video, don't forget to give it a like. Subscribe to my channel and hit the bell. And then, ladies and gentlemen, I shall see you guys in the next epic vlog. Peace out. Take it easy.