 So guys welcome back to my channel, welcome back to yet another amazing reaction video. If you're stopping on this channel for the first time you're totally on the right channel you might want to consider hitting on that subscribe button to officially join the family and if you're returning to the subscriber you're highly appreciated right. So guys on today's episode of random Filipino video I brought to you guys yet another random video right. So you're going to be reacting to random Filipino videos like the Philippines you guys are really bestowed with lots of beautiful talents. I don't know how you guys do this but you guys are truly the best. I give it up so you guys that country is filled with lots of beautiful and amazing talented singers. Don't forget to let me know what you think on the comment section. Thank you guys. Thank you guys. Well this is so beautiful guys. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Do you guys want to subscribe to me to the video and shout your fellas out too. Okay. So let go. Get up and move out. Sarah может dope. Where's the next? Thank you guys so much for watching. I haven't seen you until you guys have worldview in another video of the music video. Stay the Ikonimyy여 Taylor. Let me talk with you about what I'm going to be doing and why do BTS were so quiet on my short葉?53. Oh my god I am really happy about how they were делать with them and of course great for the robots. Now I'm here to be left Won't you say it? I can't make it through the rain I can still once again On the road And I know That I'm sure of love to spend Every time I feel sad I want to die to my friend And tell me What more do I have to make it through Maine You guys are really blessed Even if I'm sad I won't be able to live I'm sure of love to spend Every time I feel sad I want to die to my friend And tell me What more do I have to make it through Maine I know That I'm sure of love to spend Every time I feel sad I want to think about my friend Just for now I feel like giving up on those It's a ground and giving one last step To make everything do better Even then my eyes got away Just to keep on your new You love me But I don't want to see so weak Maybe I've been Got away from your dreamy mind Is this garlic Oh, you're keeping Where it's thousands On the bottom Cutly for your wishes Guys, this was really beautiful to watch Let me know what you think on the comment section I'll see you guys in my next video Until then, bye