 This is my wife, Ema Robio. Hi guys, Kamista. And for the whole part of the... Hey guys, I'm Jay and this is my wife, Ema. Hi guys, Kamista. For today's video guys, we're gonna discuss all about where we met and my wife will tell everything. So, when we were... Well, we'll start. It was 2017 and it's 2020 now. So it's almost three years ago. Yeah, we... So I was going into my cabin. We were both working on board on a cruise line. I usually work in the head office, but I happen to be on board for three weeks. While Jay was doing an 9 months contract. Yeah. So I was just going in my cabin. Then all of a sudden, I hear this noise. I didn't even know anybody was there. It's just this dude here saying, you're kind of short today. And that was it. So I started. Yeah. I still care on Facebook. Because, you know, it pop up on my news feed on my Facebook because I have loads of officers and friends. It's telemetry space. And then... And then I added her and tried to, you know, snake and... send her a message on Facebook. Missing Jan, saying hi. And Jay liked that blah, blah, blah. You know what I mean? Like trying to impress and, you know? He was talking to me all the time. And I remember I really wanted to talk to him and I stalked his profile. I thought he was really cute. I remember telling my friend. But I remember saying to my friend, there's no point really talking to him. He's talking to me a lot. It's a bit weird. I get off in two days. But somehow, it's not myself. Yeah, it's really sad because... When we start chatting each other or missing Jair, and getting to know each other, and then... It's really sad because... She just finished that, you know, in two days. She's gonna... Yeah, it's the time to go home. And I'm gonna be sad because my contract is nine months. And, you know... But you were sad and you didn't even really know me yet. But we kept on talking. And then actually, we were talking every single day. And then I found out about three weeks later that was going back on board for another three weeks. And I remember being so excited to tell him. And I told him, actually, how did you feel when I told you I was coming back? I've never asked you that question. Yeah, I'm really excited. And I was looking forward to seeing you. And when she's coming back on the same ship. And, yeah, and that's how it started. He bought some paint to my cabin, tried to get me turned. Yeah, buy some chocolates, sweets, and other stuff. And then a crazy, crazy, fast, amazing relationship happened. We went from zero to 100. Yeah, and that's how it started. And then when we finished our contract, I went back to the Philippines. And... And I just... Same thing. There's some problem, guys, because when I... It's six hours before you arrived first than me. So now I'm not sure. I'm not sure if I should go back to the Philippines. So I'm just so lucky because my cousin Mia, which is really incredible. So I had to Mia. Yeah, she had to... My cousin. And she's the one who picked her up in the airport. I don't know if she can speak English. And when they come over, she's already in the hotel in Manila in Naia 3. Yeah. Yeah. And then... I don't remember the specifics, but yeah. I remember I was... I basically slept, because he didn't talk to me. He greeted me. He was really nice. He took me to my hotel. Let me sleep for a few hours because I was shattered. I had just done like... There's a 19 hour flight, but I'd probably been traveling. It was the transfers and getting to the airports and everything. Probably more than 24 hours, I was shattered. Called it knackered in the UK. I was knackered. So slept off. It should keep me up a few hours later, ready to meet Jay. And it was just the best feeling. I was so nervous. I'd never been to the Philippines before. I didn't realise how crazy hot it was. I was there in like leggings. I think I was in a fun sleep. I was sweating. I was already so anxious and excited. I was sweating because of the burning hot heat. The next day I knew exactly how to dress. And I love the Philippines. It was an amazing holiday. Basically, we knew that we were going to plan, although this is crazy, the second time we meet, met and we knew we were going to try and get married. We knew we really wanted to. It sounds crazy, but it was right. And you know what? We're still married and here two years later. So it was the right thing to do. I know regrets. And I forgot what I was saying. My train of thoughts. So yeah, so we told ourselves we're just going to have the best holidays, spend the best time together, and try not to stress about marriage. But we were going to try and get married. And we told ourselves if it happens, it happens. It's meant to be. If it doesn't, you know what? We'll be sad, but we will get married. And it would just take longer. I ended up having to extend my trip. And it was really touching go with the best holiday, very minimal stress. While we were trying to plan it, because when I was in the Philippines, it was Holy Week, which in the UK is equivalent to like four or five bank holidays in a row. So all like the government officials, everything you need to get married was basically closed. And this guy who organizes it all basically sat down as if it's not going to be possible. And I cried. I was really embarrassed that I wasn't expecting that reaction. And that was almost a test to myself. Like I knew then for sure, OK, this isn't just some weird fairy tale lust thing. I want to marry him. I know I want to marry him. Look at me crying, because I can't marry him. But by some miracle, we made it work. We did it work. It works. It's just a little bit sad. Three days before I had to go home. It's just a little bit sad because her family is not there. And my family is not there as well, because, you know, I'm from Lity. And my mom and dad is in Lity. And we prepared also. We prepared also to get married, you know, a sacred marriage like because if we're going to the church, we don't have time. Because, you know, in the Philippines, you know, it's really big deal for us. So it's, I think it's about a pride, you know, to get married. And, you know, it's a proper one. So we prepared to like a simple wedding. And, you know, it's just... We just wanted to be married. Yeah, we just wanted to be married. We just wanted to make it work. We just wanted to be together, I think, because, you know... Because we knew we were going to want to be together. We wanted to stop being long decisions. And we knew that if we had a normal relationship and sorry to them for about three years and engaged for one year, long distances just kind of take forever. And I know myself, and I love this guy millions, but I could not have been long distance to that amount of time. Respect to everybody who is, but myself, I just really would struggle with it. I couldn't do it. So we got married quickly, and then we started applying for the visa. And actually... Not yet. Because when we got married, you come back to the UK, and then, you know, we are broke already. We don't have money because of your flight. Because it's really expensive, guys, to fly from the UK to the Philippines. And the holiday. We had an amazing holiday. We did so much stuff on the holiday itself in the Philippines. We went to blower, which is the best ever thing in paradise. Yeah, in El Mido, it's really good things, gorgeous. And that's why he proposed, because I told him I will not get married without an engagement. If we can't have the big fancy wedding, I need the nice proposal story. And I got it. You did well. Check my YouTube channel out, guys. We'll put the link in there, and you can see the proposal video. And then, after we got married, guys, she came back to the UK. And then, after one month, it's back to long distance again, because I have no choice. I need to go back to the ship and Baliqa wasana, so barco. And then, yeah, to get the money back for the visa. And then, I'm just so thankful, because my next cruise ship is Queen Elizabeth. And we're so lucky, because this ship is always... Our road is always going back to Southampton, which is just living. And we're so lucky. We always see each other every once a week, I think. Sometimes it's even more if you did like a two-night cruise. I've got to get to like twice a week, twice a week. We always see each other, and then fast forward. I finished my contract. Well, before that, actually, I joined you on your contract twice. For a friend's and family travel, I managed to go on for a five-night cruise. And a two-night cruise, and one five-night, one two-night. And actually, there was two times, like, a ship stayed overnight in Southampton as well. So we actually were so lucky with it. And it just felt a lot of time to get the competitor of the long-distance relationship couples. And then I'm so lucky, because every time we're in Southampton, my trip in general is always saying, Oh, Robyo, you want to go ashore? Because your wife is already waiting. You really understand that. And then, yeah, it's okay, because I work hard as well on the ship, and they know that we need our family to get to see each other. So every time we're in Southampton, we always see each other. And after that, I finished my contract, and then... Then we went back to the Philippines together, and met him at the second time. That's a second time. And he's telling me what's a Barack, eh? Yeah. And I'm an experienced. Finally. Yeah. I met my mother and daughter, and I'm finally. First time they met my wife, and... I think they like me. I don't think so. Yes, they do. They love me, guys. They love me. And yeah, and finally, because when she arrived in the Philippines, she brought already all the paperwork, all her bank details. Because this time we were ready to process a visa, and one of the final steps was we had to go to the... I can't even remember where it was now. We had to go for a meeting in the Philippines. What was that? In the... Of VFS Global. We had to go to VFS Global, to hand in all the paperwork, basically. Yeah, we registered all... And you were to do your biometrics, you were to do your fingerprints, you had passport. Yeah, and there goes... This is the difference between the spouse visa and the working visa and the student visa because our visa as a spouse is not really hard because our English is... You know, before you undergo... This is the heat of my English, guys, sorry. How is this English? It's not good, but his English is really easy. I'm just so lucky because the English requirement test is only basic. It's only listening and speaking, which is... I pass because clearly I'm not really good in English, but I have confidence. Yes. And, you know... I just sometimes intimidate because my pronunciation is not good, and you know... I get bullied because I am a visa, but I don't care. You know what I mean, guys, and... Yeah, it's just a little bit easy to process our visa because my wife is British. I think it took only like three months to process the visa. No, it only took 28 working days. It was really, really quick. Guys, he's saying it was easy, but it might be easy for him. It was easy in terms of... We met the requirements, it was fine, we could go through it. But it was the most stressful time of probably both our lives. I know from my side it was the most stressful time of my entire life. I'm usually a really strong person, and that process just broke me. Especially when I had to leave the Philippines a second time. I was saying, bye to my husband, you know, his passport was surrendered. It was taken from him. So it's not like he could come visit me either. We had no idea when we were going to see each other again. We were waiting for a visa that some people are waiting over a year for, if not more. We were so lucky at how quick it happened. I think because I gave this much evidence in a final, I was very thorough. And your bank statement is all complied as well, yeah? Well, yeah, obviously, we met other requirements. The rest we wouldn't be able to have it, but I think evidence if you're going to do a visa is so necessary. You want photos together. You know what? I won't get sidetracked on this. If you guys need help with a visa and what you're going to visa, let us know when I'll help with a video. Yeah, if you guys need my wife can help for that, yeah. Just leave a comment below. And yeah, after three months, we receive an email from BFS Global. It says that Mr. J, you need to collect your passport. It was on three months, but it's really great. It was really great. It was really working days. Oh, yeah, my memory is bad. It felt like a lifetime. We were seeing a text message and then I'm really excited and nervous because I don't know what's... I'm really excited that there is a result already, but I don't know if this parcel fell, if this rejected or you know... I wouldn't let him open the envelope without me being on a FaceTime. So you collected it. It took it all the way home without peeking. It was sick. Like when he called me and I knew why he was calling to either give a yes or no. My head was in my hands like this. I was shaking. But it was good news. We got a yes and then finally I got a visa for two and a half years. And then we got renewed and then we need again and then hopefully we'll be back. It's just unlucky because when I got my flight details and then that day I'm really excited because that's my flight during that day. And then I went to Terminal 1. My cousin was sending me to the airport. And then when I was trying to check in on the luggage area on the immigration officer, after checking in, I went to the immigration officer for boarding. Oh my god. I was really confused because it sticks like five minutes there. It's really quick. You don't have a problem. But when I was in the immigration officer and he was trying to ask my passport and all my documents and he was holding me. And I was like what? And I'm really scared during the time because it's almost my flight. And then I found out when he came back and he said that I'm really sorry. You cannot fly to London because you don't have... A terminal, you're meant to go to the terminal. We call it CIF. Oh, like CIF. CIF in Filipino. All verses I think? I forgot. But that's one of the requirements when your immigrants in the UK. And we had no idea. We researched everything. We were in so many support groups. I hadn't heard of this once. And it was Trangle J. If you're not knowing that about his own country. But I guess he hadn't tried to move through New Country before we knew that. But anyway, let's not dwell on the baptised because eventually he made it here. We had to buckle up the flight. It was a thing. But he was here. I think three days later than you were meant to be. But that's how we met. And we've been in the UK one year at the end of this month. So I think we've done 28th. And it's 17th today. Yeah, maybe 28th. Yeah. So nearly one year. Almost one year. And soon we'll be time to process our whole next visa. Okay, ahead. I think that's it guys. And hope you enjoy our story. And if you have a question, just leave a comment below about visa. And my wife can help you guys just leave a comment below. Oh, if you have any questions for us because it's very short time we've told this story. Lots of bits in between. If you want to know anything comment below. We'll answer your questions as best as we can. We'll give you all the two CD towels. Thank you guys. God bless. Bye. Bye.