 I am in Bonifacio Global City and folks I cannot believe this is Manila. So Bonifacio Global City also known as BGC which is what I will be referring to it as a throughout this video. It is a place that I have been for a few days now but I haven't had a chance to properly explore the area and I'm pretty shocked that this is not only Manila but also the Philippines. In this video I'm going to take you along and explain to you why I think BGC puts Manila on the map with any other major city in the world. So right now I am just looking for a coffee. Now I am staying across from the Mitsukashi Mall which you can see here. Mitsukashi is a Japanese mall. It's brand new and it's very, very nice. I'm staying over here somewhere. And my stay is an Airbnb. It costs me around $55 a night. It's very nice in a very luxury building. Clean, comfortable, spacious. Has excellent Wi-Fi to get some work done. And for $55 a night it's actually a good price in this area. Now outside of Uptown there is High Street and in this video we're going to walk down to High Street because I really have not had an opportunity to explore High Street very much. But High Street is I think a little bit more, how do you call it? Happening? I don't know, maybe not. So over here is Zylo Nightclub which I have not been to but I've heard is pretty insane. So you can see here Uptown, Mega World Uptown Mall. There are new building projects here. There is a condominium unit right in the Uptown Mall. So if you live in this condo unit you can literally just go down to the mall. And there are other projects here. I actually toured a condominium unit yesterday not because I'm buying here just because I was curious to know what it would run you to purchase a studio apartment here. And let me tell you if you'd like to buy a studio apartment at the top floor in the nicest building here. It will cost you around the equivalent of $268,000 US dollars. So quite pricey for sure. Definitely getting towards American prices but actually it's kind of all how you view the world. And you can see the grand entrance here of the Uptown Mall. And it's quite the experience. It is quite the experience. Alright so I got my coffee, coffee acquired here from the Uptown Mall. And let's take a walk down towards High Street here. So I'm not exactly sure what you're building it is here. I think these are actually residences. It might be this building over here. But one of these is a massive JP Morgan office. And in addition to that apple as a presence here I believe Microsoft as a presence here. There are a ton of foreign investments in BGC and I've also noticed in walking around here and being for just a few days here that there are a lot of expats and it makes sense. I mean clean, comfortable, safe, modern. You don't have to really go far. Everything's walkable. And in this presentation I went to yesterday. Turns out there's going to be a metro system here that is a subway system that is coming to BGC and also other parts of the Nila here by 2025. So let's get across here. And that will surely also increase the value ad for living in BGC. Now to give you some perspective here on why I think this really puts Nila on the map in terms of any other major city in the world. And why this is a good place for expats is the condo that I'm renting on Airbnb for $55 and $50. I looked it up if you'd like to enter into a one year contract. It would only cost you about $560 a month to rent that condo and it's like luxury. It's luxury. It's very nice, you know, door man as you go in security, clean, there's even housekeeping. It's by everything. And you know for $506 a night you literally can't, that rent number literally doesn't exist in the United States without roommates. It's just straight up doesn't. So yeah, it's as I've stated in other videos, you know, it's becoming harder and harder to justify spending $2,200 a month on one bedroom condo in the US like I was in Washington, D.C. Not too long ago. So yeah, it makes you, definitely makes you think. Over there is another major bank HSBC. Now I'm currently looking for a place where I can top up my SIM card because even though it says that there's money loaded on it, it's not working. So. And right there's the smart store so you can go across here. I mean guys, do you feel like you're in Manila right now? I certainly don't. Crazy. Absolutely crazy and incredible. Alright, so kind gentleman in there helped me get my SIM stuff situated. That was not hard but okay, we're essentially on high street here. So I don't know, it's like 1230 or something. I've not eaten today. So trying to do one intermittent fasting again because it's been getting a little crazy with my eating here. But yeah, let's go get some food and I'm going to continue showing you why this place is just, it's incredible guys. Like, Makati in the Greenbelt area in BGC. I mean, most of you in the comments section know this, especially if you're a local Filipino here. It gets incredible here. It's like absolutely incredible. Like, this is a place I could see myself going to. So yeah, and it looks like over here, I see some type of a market. So you know we got to go check this out. So they continue this idea of BGC being luxury. So here's the Shangri-La hotel. Like a stab at how much it might take you to get a night there. I'll wait for it. How much do you think? $439 a night is what I saw. It's with the Shangri-La hotel costs per night. So yeah, definitely a luxury place. So here's kind of the town. I don't know what you want to call it, Town Square, main center of high street here. And yeah, this is a place where you can kind of like, get some nice food. And we're definitely going to go down there and see what's down here. But you've got Zara, you've got Shake Shack, Adidas, coffee shops, and abundance, bookstores. And you can see Bonifacio High Street. Hopefully you can see that. Looks like we've got some type of market here. But here's Bonifacio High Street. And yeah, let's see what we have here. Wait, is this the... Oh my gosh, guys, this is a market dedicated to pets. I'm just looking around here. Politastic, peachy pet, olive bowls, treats by Joey, wolf top, posh pets, deer pets. Okay, so not much for me here, but if you're looking to raise a very cute dog like that, or that one, then this is a market modified for pets. So yeah. You see Bonifacio High Street here. And I think there are even more markets over here. But nice place to sit and relax. I've noticed like, this is also a theme. And other, I will say like upscale cities where there's like a place, parts of cities, upscale parts of cities, where there's a place to relax, hang out, eat, enjoy the day. And here we are, BGC. So, there's the summer wanes on here in buildings to heat and the humidity is unreal. I mean, the temperature is like 95 degrees, but the real feel well over 100, probably like 104 right now. Man, it kind of just stops you in your tracks. All right, what do you say we take a look here? This one Bonifacio Mall. Hello sir. Hello. Afternoon. Because you get out of the heat. But also, it seems like this is kind of one of the main things to do here. This is the case in many places in the Philippines. You kind of just like to hang out in the malls here. And yeah, it's not a bad thing. Ah, the food districts. So what I'm looking for. All right, so this is the food districts. And while I love eating outside, as I just mentioned, it's about 100 plus real feel out there. See what we can find. Let's go to Hawker Chin. Hawker Food, I believe, is a term used in Singapore. Singapore has hawkers. And I haven't really dipped in the Singaporean cuisine. So give this a shot. All right, well, sometimes the portions are a little bit small. And I'm still at the beach. And that's okay. But got the fried pork rice. I have no idea what this is. It's like a chip. It's sort of crispy. I also have a taco gum and so I'm going to enjoy this. Actually, might as well just give you a taste test here. Wow. Wow, that is good. Oh, man. This fried pork. Let me look at this juicy, flavorful, moist, fatty tender. Oh, man, this is good. All right, guys, well, I also got this Berea taco, which has a consume. Okay, so I am extremely excited to try this. You know, interestingly enough, I've had some really good tacos in the Philippines. Hmm. Oh, the top. Very good. Yum. Now, at the end of this video, I will put links to two videos that I spent exploring Bonondo all the way back in March. I've been here for over a month now. And just take a look if you're interested in comparing the two kind of sides of Manila. I think that you'll find that Bonifacio Global City where I am now. BGC is, there's a night and day difference. Now, is one better than the other? I think that's hard to say. I mean, Bonondo is grittier. It's definitely more alive than BGC, but BGC is probably a lot safer. Definitely a lot more amenities and certainly a lot more modern. And I would say it's a lot more walkable as well, but just some thoughts here as I'm kind of making my way to the next part that I would like to explore, something that I've wanted to see for quite a long time. So we're going to go there now. And the place that I've wanted to visit for a long time is the Manila American Cemetery and Memorial. So this is a place that is very visible on the map. You kind of take a look here. If you open up Google Maps, hello sir. I got a sign. Okay. Yes, first sign. Can I borrow one ID? Can I show you on my phone? Okay. It's a very nice gentleman helped me get checked in here. You do have to show an ID. I was able to show my passport on my phone. And I just take your name. But as I was saying, this is an important place for Filipinos and also Americans like myself. So you can see the cemetery over here, the graves. So those graves are dedicated to Americans who lost their lives in World War II. And if you don't know, America saved the Philippines. The United States of America saved the Philippines from invasion twice. And ever since that point, the Philippines and the Americans have been buddies. They've been BFFs. And nothing lasts forever. But so far that pact, that alliance has stayed intact. And hopefully it does for many years to come. But I don't know the full history on this place, but I do know that this is an homage to the friendship, the alliance, and the history between the Philippines and America. So I gotta tell you, it's just really nice kind of walking through this peaceful, obviously, strange to say that when you're in a cemetery. But it feels like this is a beautiful gesture of history between these countries. And in addition to that, there is a chapel up here. It looks like there's also some sort of statue or sign as well. But in the comment section below, feel free to fill in the gaps, add more history. I'd be interested in reading. I'm sure many of you know more about this location than I do. It's very, very glad to have come here. And yeah, this has been a place that I've wanted to see for some time. I don't know if I can walk here, but I guess we'll do it. It feels a little weird walking here on this nicely manicured grass. And there's a shot of the amazing BGC in the distance. I'll check out what's in here. To their memory, their country brings its gratitude as flowers forever living. I'm good to have these experiences when traveling. Throughout my time, so far in the Philippines, many of the older Filipino people have been referring to me as Joe. And at first, I didn't know what it was. And then I read actually in my comment section, thank you. And Joe is a call back to the time when the GI Joe's of the American military helped save the Philippines from invasion. And so if you are a foreigner, and specifically if you look American like I do, and you speak like an American, then it's very likely that you will be referred to as Joe. So very interesting piece of the culture here in the Philippines. And I just love it here. It's incredible. Now if you keep walking through this memorial, eventually you'll find a guard house from what I've been told. And that will take you to the Venice Mall, which I'm going to now. So as I make my way here to the Venice Canal Mall, I'm going to conclude the video here. I hope that this video helps you see that Manila is an extremely modern place, depending on where you're going. I love BGC, I love Makati. And I'm going to be doing some more exploring. So stay tuned not only for my Venice Mall video, but also for more content here around this area of Manila. And please, I'm going to certainly be talking to you again soon.