 Butch of Friday. The freshest. Oh yes, back to the Juniusus. Indeed, Efra was like some people around the world post videos of them dancing. The Philippines opens the gates of heaven. Look at this! So this is them in France. If you look at... Like look at that! That's fucking heaven right? It's not heaven, they open the gates of heaven. Anyways, let's give this a watch. Quick interjection. Remember that Fischer Friday store.com has limited edition merchandise and it's going away at the end of February. So make sure you go to Fischer Friday store.com if you wish to get yours. Also, we are still looking for an editor. This is the last time because lots of applications are coming through. But I just wanted to mention it in case you were thinking about applying. If you would like to be one of our editors, do make sure you drop us an email. Everything will be in the description below. Goodbye, sorry. I think they are just like an impromptu or something. Yeah, like we are just chilling and then decided to like... Ah! You know? Yeah. As you do when you are from the Philippines? Yes, yes, yes. It was in Paris. Tonight. It's a little... It's a kid! It's a little... It's a little... Oh, the disc answer. Beautiful. Is that a love that we need? That's a love that we need. That's a love that we need. That's a love that we need. That's a love that we need. I'll let you all be... I'll let you all be... We are... Do the complex of the OEC is just ridiculous. I'll let you all be... Ah, God! Oh, God! I know again! Oh, God! Oh, shit. Time passed, what the fuck? There's so much... There's so much up play, which is so... Yeah, it's so crazy to hear this. My eyebrow cramped. You know what? Like, again, every time I watch them and then I just observe them, I just think like, fuck, there's so much division in the planet. Like, they say there's so much conflict. Everyone's just always at each other's throats. That is correct. But sometimes what you have to do to resolve is just listen. Like, everyone's problems there were instantaneously momentarily. Yes, that's a good argument. Momentarily resolves. No one cares about anything else. And you ever forgot about the gas bill and the light bill. And you were disconnected, I guess, perhaps from a makes you human. The most, you know, this sort of the colloquial, the trivial. But you were disconnected completely to something much more... Perhaps even important, you could say. Fuck, that's so crazy. Everyone there at that moment stopped. They won't pay to play. They won't look the gates of heavens have opened. It's a rain outside of London, actually. That's just another day. But everyone stopped doing what they were doing. They're tourists, I think. They were just going up and down and stuff. And everyone has to stop. It is in our nature to listen. And it seems that it's also the way we resolve issues by listening. But no one fucking does. Yes, it's correct. But it seems only music at this level can... You know, abstain from you. You're stupid, primal, urges that make you an animal. But the reason why you're not an animal is because you have a conscience. And you have the capability to think and appreciate things like this. It's so intriguing to me. Why that type of music and that type of resonance allows time to be stopped. It has to do a lot with the... Go on. Go on, mate. It's technically Cal. It is here. But the elongated singing phrases that are sustained in certain notes that are so incredibly resonant to that come from the chest. And they do touch... Given the vibration, they do touch... Go across a certain type of physical vibrations into the listener too. So the way that they're ejected also have an impact on where they bounce. This has been scientifically proven. But in the way that these compositions are made, they're called choral compositions exactly in this particular way. They are so elongated and the singing phrases overlap. So given that you have so many different singers and they're all sectioned in different moments of the singing phrase itself, it feels like a cohesive one completely overflowing singing melody, which allows for the audience to take a moment to try to depict where all of the singing phrases and this can come from. And that's what usually creates the all effect. Where is it all beginning? Where is it all ending? Because it's one unity, but at the same time there are very miniscule movements and changes that happen throughout the whole singing phrase. They're also given probably the nature of its continuity. It does allow for this illusion of creating a fracturing time and space. Also the key in which they are composed also has a big effect on the listener. The key that they use, the resonance in which they find themselves. Obviously the resonance was perfect in this choral space because it's a high ceiling environment. You have a lot of high reverb. So it allows for the resonant low notes to be more present and the high notes to create that natural ring. So it's just a really great combination of beautiful elements that allow for whoever was there to witness it to stand still in time. But obviously I do believe that there are other apart from technicalities and scientific. No, let me finish. Let me finish. The technicalities and all the signs of it. There is definitely some magic at play. Like whatever you want to call it. God, the Holy Spirit, vibration, the chakras, the souls, magic is definitely a play when so many voices come and sing together in silence. And how of unity? And they mean harmony not in the sense of, oh, here's a harmony work. I'm talking about the physical harmonious effect that's singing together actually brings. Special man, it's very special. I have to say it's very special. I don't think we've ever done before. Here's an open invitation to any member of the Philippine magical singers, any of you guys that would like to join us on a podcast. I'd love to have a chat with all of you. More than welcome to have a conversation in what it feels like to sing in this level because this is completely ethereal. I'd love to know more about any of you and more about the concept overall. So there is an open invitation if you wish to send this to them. I've never done this before, but do feel free. Apart from that, fuck me. It's just because absolutely magical. It's very hard videos to review because I either, I've received, I have a go philosophical. I love the comment sections of these videos. So, Ephrapp becomes from clown to let's talk aliens. I love those comments dude. It's true. Yeah, what can I say? It's not a hard jump to make in terms of different music resonates differently with everyone. Especially this type of stuff for me. But yeah, I guess I can't do both. They suggest my running theories. I think I'm quite correct. I think I'm correct. Because they're mine. But yeah, let us know more about them. And if you'd like us to check out anything else, our doors are always more than open. Yes, give everybody.