 We're about to go out onto the waters over there over Yonder and we're just wondering are there any sea creatures working beneath that we should know about that might be toxic. Are there any dangerous other sharks? There's no sharks. There's no shark. What kind of sharks are there? There's no sharks. There's no sharks. There's no sharks. There's no sharks. Oh, there's no sharks. There's no fish. There's no fish. Have you guys been swimming in the ocean there over there? No, no. Okay. Okay. Let's see if we can get out of here. Let's get out of here. Let's go. No, no. Oh my god. Oh my god. No, no. Hey guys, do you guys serve like the kind of burgers that they have like burger King? Like they're like like a BK key, double triple stack. What I mean what he's trying to say is what's the biggest burger we can order here? Like how big is the burger? It's not so big. Is there a lot of meat though? It's just the... so it's like the bread, the bread, and then the bread. That's it. So it might be our last meal because we don't know there might be some dangerous creatures lurking beneath the ocean. Are there dangerous creatures out there? Like sharks? No, don't answer. You don't know because we have an experience here this time. Joined movies? Oh! For you guys to look at the beach! You ducked at the beach. Why do we use English to speaksteer Ethical? Because it's soy and counts. And why are we adding research? I don't know if you can do it But you don't have to do it You have to do it You have to do it You have to do it If you put it in the binoy You have to do it You have to do it You have to do it You have to do it Hi, I could post it barely at my fill talk If you want to learn Tagalog or Besaya Fill talk is awesome It's simple just go to filltalk.net and create an account If you sign up for a premium account You get full access to the Tagalog Program And of the Sign Learning Program Sign up to filltalk today Sign up to filltalk today Sign up to filltalk today Good evening guys How are you doing? Drink? I don't really drink But you don't you Jared Are you guys from here? Just Lu Pak Lu Pak Right right Okay Cool Yes we went there Yeah it was very nice We came to Alamanoos about three nights Two nights ago right? Yeah two nights ago Nice area Beautiful So what's good to do around here? Sure Yes it is We are going to put the trip we took to the 100 islands Yeah Oh really? Yes Of course we are going to have a big event We are going to have a big event We are going to have a big event So you are going to have a big event Yes We are going to have a big event Yes Yes Yes Yes You guys know where 100 islands is? Yes 100 islands? Yes Okay so we go there and then where? That way or that way? That way So we are going to have a big event Yeah We are going to have a big event We are going to have a big event So you guys know where we are going to have a big event We are going to have a big event Yeah We are going to have a big event Thank you Thank you Thank you Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Hey guys, good evening We are youtubers We are making a youtube vlog Can we put you on our vlog? Is it okay? We just want to interview you That's all a little bit So what is some of the beautiful places in the Philippines? What's a nice place to go in the Philippines? Yes Why do you have a boyfriend? Why do you have a boyfriend? Why? Why? Don't be shy Don't be shy Guys We are We are The people The one about the people We are not going to be there But what can we... What is in Bangasinan? What is here that we can go to? To the north Some tourist spot 100 islands 100 islands? Yes, 100 islands We are going to the island Hey guys We are going to the cafe We are going to the cafe We are going to the cafe We are going to the cafe High school, college High school, college Hello Hello, more fast Hey guys, thank you so much for watching Now I have to tell you that We have a website for learning the Gardelog and Bissaya So if you want to learn the Gardelog or Bissaya Check out filltalk.net Your fine courses complete with videos, downloadables, flashcards etc So check it out 1399 a month you can cancel at any time You are always constantly updating the website Alright guys, I will see you in the next video Bye for now