 So you guys saw the chickens, you saw the grapefruit from the floor, all the natural fresh fruits. Oh, this chicken is, it's got loose. You guys, welcome back to another vlog. So today we're going to be doing our life in the province. Yes, you guys. As you can see, we're in the chicken coop. Is that what you call it? It's called the aunt's house and this is their backyard. They have chickens back here. Hello, boys. Hi. She wants to be on camera. Really good. Hello, boys. It's a nice place. Thank you for your comments. I hope you can see us in the mountains. So guys, we're back in the province. We came back to Batahan because it's Piesta here. So we're visiting our family. There's so much food inside. And it's also going to be Baby Celine's birthday party. Tomorrow. So as you guys saw in the last vlog, we did a little home celebration for her. But we're going to have a nice party for her tomorrow with our family, with her cousins. But we want to show you guys around the province in the Philippines. Because I know a lot of you guys said you love seeing the Philippines and our vlogs. You love when we go outside and we show you around. So we're here and we're going to show you everything this weekend you guys. We go. We go. We go. We go. We go. We go. We go in the province. So there's actually a great food chew back there. Right here. We're scared. We're scared of you. We're scared of you. We're scared of you. Guys, look back here. Oh, I think that's my cousin. Yeah, her cousin's on the back right now. Maybe if you show them back here, the view there's a view there. I don't think a chicken right here is scared. Look, over there. There's a my one back down the Bucasca Cedar. But. Follow me, you guys. Let's show them around. Follow me. So you guys saw the chickens. You saw the grapefruit from the floor. All the natural fresh fruits. Oh, just taking it to get loose. Ah, ah, ah, ah. That's not loose. Come on. You see that? I don't want any chickens to loose. I want any chickens to loose. I want any chickens to loose. Ah. Yeah. Come over here. This is where my other cousin lives. Come over here. This is my cousin's dog. This dude. I got all types of animals. Oh, they're scared of me so I'm not going to mess with them. Did they see Riko? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Did they see Riko? I don't know. Show them my ant's dog. You're going to be the front now, right here. This is my ant's dog. His name is O'Neil. He's really friendly and him and Riko are friends now. Riko, you have a friend? Yeah, Riko, he's out of the city. He's got a problem. He's got a problem. He's going to be some problem. So they might just say hi to the floor. Hello! So yeah, guys, we're going to chill here for a little bit and then we're going to the cruise cousin house and a little bit to... I think she's going to make us some coffee and then we're going to eat lunch. And then what are we doing after that? Right now I'm going to show you how to cruise. Come on, Riko. Hello, hello. Hello. Hello. Hi, Mom's home. Hi. I'll tell you guys. You think I know? I'll order the food. So you're supposed to vlog all of them? I'm supposed to vlog all of them. Hi. Teacher Rose. Peace out, guys. So the little Christmas she had, it's nice isn't it? Look at all my infecurations. So Christmas tree. Let's say hi to my mom again. Hi guys. We're vlogging again. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. So, I'm going to show you guys. about the on yesterday and now we're back in Manila you guys and we were actually editing the vlog from about the on and so sad this happened to us before but some of the footage is in slow motion again you guys so that's why Celine's birthday party was we just made a montage out of the footage because it was in slow motion there was no audio you know but we just rolled with the punches and we're just going to continue the vlog now so that it's not too short because I know you guys want longer vlogs so now we're about to go to a Christmas show on the corner and last you want to walk there and talk to you guys we're bringing out the rules Celine and Lola yeah so we're all gonna go head out to this little Christmas show there's a bunch of Christmas lights and there's like outdoor stalls where they're selling food and stuff so we're gonna take you guys along hopefully you still enjoy this vlog I really wanted it to be a full on like province vlog all the way and we had all the footage for it it just ended up mostly being in slow motion so I'm never gonna make this mistake again you guys because I was ready to throw my camera like at the wall like I was so sad especially because it was Celine's birthday footage and that's her first birthday ever and it was such a cute birthday party I wanted to like look back on the footage and just have it for our memories but I mean never making that mistake again the lesson has fully been learned oh yeah thank you for wishes Celine and a happy birthday like y'all should so much love yeah you guys are the best you guys are seriously the best and I love the fact that we're actually like starting to grow our community here on our YouTube channel because you guys have been nothing but supportive this whole time we're on the road to 10k you guys on the way we're officially at 8k and once you make it to 10k you guys we want to do something special for you we were actually talking about maybe a giveaway or something you know the plans aren't fully set yet but we're definitely definitely planning something special for once we get to 10k so if you're watching this now share our channel with your friends send them our videos tell them to subscribe because once we get to 10k we're gonna do something really special for you guys oh yeah another thing we're gonna be dropping some tote bags for you guys soon we don't know when but it's coming definitely coming soon I'm it be being a couple months maybe next month I don't know yet but it's coming soon if you guys don't know cavis clothing designer he's talked about it a little bit on this channel but he's really creative when it comes to designing clothes so he wants to make something special specifically for you guys here on YouTube so I think we're gonna do tote bags because like we noticed that a lot of you guys are of all different ages and also male and female so we were trying to think like what's something that would be good for any age group I feel like tote bags are a good a good thing so we'll keep you guys posted on that but yeah we're back in Manila now and we're excited to go to this little christmas show we love you guys and we'll see what's like we're walking to what is the top moon is beautiful yeah moon is a field yeah moon is a field and we're gonna see the christmas show there's a lot going on there they have food there's like people in costumes lights everything so the family is out I feel roses with us Celine is with us baby my mom is here are you excited very christmas yeah christmas is huge here in the Philippines they take a very seriously we see trees big christmas trees everywhere lights everywhere sorry celebrate christmas is in September yeah guys they've been celebrating christmas for the past three months now so we're finally almost there it's almost christmas time okay you guys we're here we just got here up there for all the christmas lights are it's really nice you guys look look at this building and there's a big Christmas tree on there you guys we'll show it to you yeah We're wearing this. Oh, right. Thank you. Thank you. Thirty five. Thank you. Say hi to the blog. I'm going to close the book. There you go. Here's your book. Can you see more of this? I'm going to close the book. Okay. You can see the book. Okay. Guys, we ended up buying some melons juice. It's basically a candle of juice. But it's really good, actually, guys. Especially because it's so hot outside. Really good. I just got some shawarma. It's really good by the try. I just ordered one before this, but some little kids they asked me if I just gave it to them. Yeah, they were so happy. It was like five young bulls and they split it. They were so happy as I just gave it to them. They were worried, I don't know. It looks good, though. I'm going to close the book. I'm going to close the book. I'm going to close the book. I'm going to close the book. I'm going to close the book.