 Kamu-stam ang akap proud. To this video episode, ay paggugusapan ang naman natin. Ang naka-tang iyan kung bakit pa sobrang nahuwimaling sa ating mga Filipino ang mga banyaga ang ibanga. Ainag nalais pa na mga king isang Filipino. You're an American. And I'm Filipino. And everybody is everything. So it's like nobody is anything. Born a white male named Adam Wheeler, Joddu now identifies as a Filipino woman and joins us tonight. Joddu, thanks for coming up. Oh, thanks for having me, Tak. I'm glad. I want to know what you think about it. Love it. Thank you. Thank you, Philippines. This is fantastic. Before we start, please subscribe to our channel so you can update us on our Filipino moments video. We are Filipino in the Pagiging Hospital. And the Filipino women are the most beautiful women in the Pagiging Hospital. The newly elected president, Manuel Cazan, it was not a question of whether his country would help, but why other nations did not? When you saw how the doors were basically closed to all of us, except the Philippines, and how the Filipino people are a very warm people. They're a very friendly people. The first thing is that the Filipino women are very friendly. No M&M and they are very friendly. So, they can be very friendly in the culture and the Filipino women are friendly. It's so great to be here with you. I'm very happy that you're here with me. I'm glad to be here with you. I'm here to visit you. I'm very happy. I'm here with you. I'm very happy. When I'm here, I feel like I want to go to Filipino. I want to go to Filipino. I always love to see you. That's very much the way I remember things when I was a child. That culture has faded a lot from American now. I miss that. The difference here is that the Caledon Manor, the human compassion is different. I would say that here, you're in Filipino because there are exceptions. We're not in a paradigm. We're in a paradigm of kindness, a culture of friendship, a culture of humility. You are always open to receive people, to understand different opinions, to be real tolerant. Other countries, the culture is different. It's a culture of indifference and kindness. That's true. So, I could say that some of the unique countries in the world and normally you represent, you express, this Caledon Manor through these smiles. We had Filipinos offer us a ride for free, a meal for free, and even a home for free. This is seriously amazing. The first time in the Philippines, the Filipino was in the other country, we saw the OFW. When Filipino, the last worker, Jan, Maracaprao. For the first time in order to help fill hundreds of open teaching spots, APS is hired teachers from halfway around the world. And their new teacher, from the Philippines. I really choose New Mexico because I find it interesting to learn the cultures. Riza Rosalia was one of 33 Filipino teachers hired on by Albuquerque Public Schools this year. Do you know me? I miss this good day. You're a bit tired. I miss this good day. You're a science teacher. Welcome to my room. Sit number one. Good morning. Good day. I miss this good day. You're a science teacher. We are in the good hands. In elementary and high school, in the province of Chunburi, Rayong and the local community, in the eastern economic corridor of Thailand, they are the best Filipino teachers. Good bye, my teacher. Good bye. Good bye, my teacher. Good bye, my teacher. Good bye. My friend. You're a science teacher. You're a science teacher. You're a science teacher. You're a science teacher. And the pandemic has already started. Our new occurrences at Bu damaged can cause cry sometimes for this beautifulötti." We don't know if there is no turning back anymore because... We already have contaminated...? We just hope that... I think... God... We continue too. Ano lang, kasih, ito mrepatu nato ay ano nishay yung puno na sya ng mga pacienting ano. Ayo na, di majo party ba na half of the positive. And na ako sa mga kasama ako, kasih ng dito si lang may mga paminia si naka lay ako. Pero, ng half nga other choice ba ano ang ayo. Wala, nadi to kami. Mairao. Bahala mo na nang kamin o sa'n. Nagt kami nagi po ni po nin pung kami ng lakas, kasih. If we're not going to do this, ano, if you're training our bank from all these patients, I'm sure makokrola yung ano sanita, kasih. Ito lang, ganong kasih ng hospital ay pag nalaman ang ibang hospital na isang hospital ay... ...indina yung parang wala nang mga nakitapahun ang nerses, doktoris, and those who are part of the sanitation, ...dito pag nakitani la yung hospital na kualan ang nang nakitapahun ang sigurado, siladin dewan ang themselves. Why are we putting ourselves into risk? Pag mag-makokrola, balagagag-chat ang ano sanita. Lahat, ma-papabayaan. Lahat, mama, matay kung mag-maka, hanggang, kasih. Si na mag-kukura sa kada di ba? Pilipe ko alam, kaya, mahirap, isarchois, dan mahirap talaga. Hindi lamang sa ogalipilipino na pabilibe ang mga banyaga. Alam naman natin ang mga viral at trending ng mga Pilipino Talents sa boom-mundo. Bidala Jan ang mga Pilipino seniors. I'm very, very excited to do some work with you. Are you thought, Pilip? I know it! How long has your family been in Ireland? My mom has been in Ireland for about 20 years. Wow, does your mom sing? Me and my family sing like a karaoke a lot together. You don't sound like a karaoke singer. You sound like a singer-singer. We know your stylish, we know you are super cool. How did you get so damn good at singing? I mean, I got a Pilipino mother, so we're doing karaoke every weekend. There we go. How long have you been singing for? I've been singing since I was three. What else do you sing? I sing every Saturday on Pilipino Community choir. The only singing you do is in that choir. Yes. I am in love with your voice. My heart was melting. Maraming Salamat sa panonohod. At pag-sama sa akin sa video na ito. Salamat tim sa pag-subscribe. At yak, marami patang tata lang aying video nakong saan. Mapapang iti kanalamang at masasabing. Proud akong Pilipino.