 Philippines 101, the Filipino drinking etiquette. Which one are you? I'm excited to see which one you guys are. Any of you that are Filipino, any of you that are not regardless, I'm just excited just to see what the etiquettes for drinking would be for Filipinos. I've already seen singing to be a very large factor. And regardless, I wanna see what it's like with the personality changes though. I'm pretty sure that's what it's gonna probably show, right? Regardless, I just recently woke up. I'm excited for this. Let's get into this. Corminal drinking is a vital part of Filipino culture. From the smallest birthday parties to big town fiestas, Filipinos just can't seem to get together without having a few drinks on the table. However, believe it or not, amidst the chaos, noise and age-old order. Welcome to Philippines 101. I already love this. It's Philippine drinking etiquette. Dude, he's Australian. Yeah. Following the opening of the bottle, the tangaro, also called the gunna. And one of the distinctive characters of the drinking culture in the Philippines assumes an important role. Now prior to the commencement of the festivities, a small portion of the intoxicating liquid is poured into the cap then subsequently emptied onto the ground. This ceremonial offering to the spirits is considered essential for a safe and devil-free session. The tangaro pours the drink every time, measuring the liquor by eye. The participants are not given individual glasses. This is in accordance with the tradition of baguay, which means a show of trust, camaraderie, and in these days, a united willingness to enter in a COVID-Russian relax. As drinkers, but a free-dorn is a common glass passed in a round-robin sequence. It is frowned upon to take a pass, but when a drinker is excessively intoxicated, a substitute within the group must consume the short and the drinker's place without defecting his or her own turn. Nah, bro, my liver is gone, bro. It is customer-a-post-consumption to return the short glass to the centre of the table and hand it directly to the... The guy in the dressing room. To be refilled for the next drinker. The composition of every drinking session varies. However, it is important to familiarize oneself with these carriages has to be a way of the character's fix. The drunken master, a legend gifted with immunity from inebriation, usually left with a task of cleaning up after all the sad and done. The walking did. This creature's will to stay conscious, this white consuming, overwhelming amount of alcohol is commendable and allows it to continuously engage with the group. I'll be it from a half dead state. The escape artist, capable of sudden disappearances, it leaves unnoticed bringing with it its share of the group. The way... The usual catalysts of trouble, it turns aggro and overconfident with every shot. The concert queen, the king. A frustrated vocalist, this creature, Bo Garthi Keriochi machine, in its quest for validation. The sleeping beauty, with its learnt tolerance for alcohol, this creature lacks the ability to stay conscious with its introduction in its bloodstream. Because it is immobilized early on in the session, the sleeping beauty is the primary target for embarrassing photos and unwarranted facial doodles. The runner. The one task with the acquisition and logistics of essential supplies to perpetuate the drinking station, such as ice and booth. One privilege of the runner is that it is able to choose the food it likes to be consumed by the group along with the alcohol. You see, for Filipinos, no drinking station is complete without the accompaniment of the... Yep. Usually of the greasy and fatty variety. This is called buluta. And it comes from the Filipino word bulot, meaning tupeca. Now, it is acceptable for drinkers to grab small bites in between shots. This is to remove the bitterness from the alcohol, as well as prolong intoxication as the food is hoped to slow down the alcohol from entering the bloodstream. It is unacceptable, however, to consume the polluta with rice as it is meant to be shared and not to be horded and treated like a meal. In the event of... What, realists? Or fat is unavailable. These like water-wanderers. These chips are usually available alternatives, including some born out of creative ingenuity like the tuna and canto cracker combo. You're a part of this. You're a part of this. You're a part of this. You're a part of this. You're a part of this. You're a part of this. You're a part of this. Come by. Oh, come by. In Japanese, is the Filipino way of saying, cheese, the clinking of glasses and the partaking of a shared beverage containing every participant's DNA is meant to born out. Friendships celebrate new ones and in certain situations, possibly ever oneself from being violated with a sharp piece of metal designed to break up ice. Wagmugou in kaninohami Oh, that's jeez. You saw that. Bain, o kanano. All right, that was super enjoyable, genuinely super enjoyable. I mean, just the idea of the way he kind of made it like skit like and kind of just explaining it and I'm like, listen, he's got a rule. And it really, I mean, you guys are gonna let me know, of course, if it really, really, really is. From what I've seen every time I watch, you know, a singer in a drinking session, there is, I've always seen at least one guy doing the pouring and I've seen him do that before putting him in the cap and throw it. And then I've seen him just, you know, literally watch how much he's pouring. And I'm just like, hey, man, you know, somebody has to pour the drinks, I guess. But now seeing that there's like an etiquette to it, there's these rules. I'm like, oh, you see this like rolls, this literal rolls in it, bro. Crazy. I mean, if this is for real for real, I love that. If it's not, it's okay still. But I mean, when they got the singing queener king, like that's true. I don't wanna sleep. I've seen someone asleep in the background before in one of the drinking videos of like a singing session, I've seen that, dude, I feel like this is real, like for real for real. A lot of people have said that this is true, but obviously there might be someone be like, ah, nah, it's not, but I'm thinking that it is. And obviously you guys are gonna let me know completely. And look, regardless though, I'm taking this as it's true. I'm just gonna take this as it's true. And so with that, I wanna let you guys know that I love you so much. And I wanna thank you so much for watching. I really do appreciate it, eh? If you liked it, leave a like. If you loved it, subscribe. If you want more, let me know down in the comments below. And yeah, till next time, guys. Peace.