 Time flies by so quickly when you're happy. Our adventures are not always filled with joy, but we are grateful as we move on to the next chapter of our lives. In the last episode, we explored the nearby town of Tagum in experience the kindness and generosity of Filipinos. Most houses in the Philippines doesn't have house number, so to get a package, we have to walk to the highway. A career is always waiting there. My husband's best friend gave me a Christmas present of knitting yarn. I am so happy. Bye! Bye! Ever since Borja was a kid, mom always got his hair. I wanted to try it too. He was a little scared, but he told me that he trust me with everything. After a few minutes, I started laughing, but at the same time, wanted to cry. Turns out, I had made a bald spot on the back of his head. I can't see him back. Mom picked up the machine and showed me how she usually cut hair. I was so happy to see him back. In the evening, husband and I went to the night market to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. Time flies so fast, but I still vividly remember Barin Senai getting married like it was yesterday. The holidays are approaching, so downtown Mako has several Christmas trees with bright multicolored lights. Some decorations are still under construction. The adults are being helped by tiny workers. It's nice to see that the Philippines doesn't spend millions to buy expensive Christmas trees. Instead, local authorities organize contest for the best holiday decorations. However, makes the prettiest and gets the most votes, gets the money. We are delighted with this Filipino tradition. The local people are engaged in joint creativity, reveal their talents and create a holiday with their own hands. At the same time, the money from the local budget goes to the common people. It's just a forehub. The Philippines has the longest Christmas season in the world. It lasts four months, September through the end of December. For Burya, it is strange that in the Philippines, December is warm and the ground is not covered with snow. For more than 30 years of its life, December has always been cold for him. Since he met me, all his days and nights have become warm. There are a lot of Christmas lantern here. They are all made from improvised materials. Tastic bottles, bags, drinks truss, forks, spoons and more. You can only see it if you get really close. It's beautiful, the people of Mako are very talented. The Christmas The Christmas The Christmas The Christmas The Christmas The Christmas The Christmas The Christmas The Christmas The Christmas The Christmas I bought drinks and some street food. Then we went back to the budget place so I could snack on my favorite treat. The Christmas The Christmas The Christmas Nga. Some kids came up to us and started singing a Christmas song. We gave them a few coins and they went underway. Today is a new show day, a sun shower on the island. At first glance, it looks like snow. It's a very beautiful sight. I remember the first time it's so snow. How magical it is. Cold drops crashing against hot metal and turning into vapor. A few months ago, I planted the eggplant seeds we brought from Russia. I almost gave up hope. Now it's finally time to harvest the fruits of my labor. You're happy? Yeah. Our first vegetables. This local eggplant is our eggplant from Russia. I will prepare one of our favorite local dish called Tortang Talong for eggplant amelette. Tortang Talong is one of the best egg dishes in the world. It consists of just a few ingredients. Eggplant, eggs, pepper and salt. I also added some garlic because I like it. I also added some salt. I also added some salt. I also fried up some dried anchovies. I also added some salt. For dessert, we have papaya. A simple lunch but very tasty. A few days later, we celebrated the New Year's Eve. In the Philippines, there is a tradition of placing 12 round fruits in the house. It is believed to bring good luck and prosperity in the New Year. I bought several varieties of fruit. Some of them, Baya had never seen before. We also cooked kebabs and other dishes for our New Year's Eve dinner. I warned them that the place could be very noisy at midnight. Filipinos have their own traditions. When midnight came, while you realized I wasn't exaggerating. Besides fireworks and firecrackers, people singing karaoke, cars home. And mother cycle with tales made of thin cans and pieces of metal with buy. But the noises are mother cycle with converted straight-room mufflers. They crackles, definitely. Filipinos believe that loud noises scare away evil spirits and ward off bad luck. They think that the more the noise, the more the bitterly it goes. There's always about to bemasters when they don't exist. How can you drop those awful curtains? What happened to them? Nogagasong ba? Ha! Very funny! Boya realized one thing. We will probably never buy a used motor cycle here. We will probably never buy a used motor cycle here. Oh, Happy New Year! Nova Godav! We return home and supported a local New Year's tradition. We will never buy a used motor cycle here. Happy New Year! Nova Godav! This is probably one of the most interesting and enjoyable parts of living in the Philippines. I am happy to spend these amazing days with the people I love. In the next episode... Today we had a very nice morning because we had to bring a mom to the hospital. This is a zwei-kichi one.