 So should you move to the Philippines if you're in ill health? So that's quite nice, we get to learn about our neighbours, get to meet them. This is the most beautiful city as we're looking. It's possibly a ginger car. What you're doing, mate? What's mate? There's little Miss May. A long-quinnock age. Just treats her a lot of items. And hunt Homer or Homer Jr. There's a lot of things you can do in the Philippines for health. And watermelons extremely good for health. For the most part, you can do it in the Philippines. You can do it in the Philippines for health. Watermelons are extremely good for health. And watermelons extremely good for health. For the antioxidants, for the vitamins. Fresh is tasty and it's delicious. And the local ones sell for a very reasonable price. Sometimes as low as 30% per kilo. But the watermelon here is absolutely delicious. Very fresh. Mmm, lami. Delicious. Mmm. Mmm. My own bun tag must remain a higada. So it's definitely the rain season here in the Philippines now. We're working up to a little bit of rain. It's not uncommon this time of year. I'm going to start my day with a workout. So I usually do. So you can hear the cow behind me. So when we said we're going to move to the Philippines, one of the topics that came up was health. Can you or should you move to the Philippines if you're in ill health, if you're sick? That's a good question. Now we were living in the UK and as you may be aware, in the UK there's something called the NHS, the National Health Service. It's free for everybody who's a resident, it's a great service. Not all medications are free, but treatments generally are. Now in the Philippines there's nothing like the NHS. I don't know if you know you're going to be able to do it. But there are lots of doctors here. Lots of options, lots of private options. Obviously you have to pay money. But from my experience, the costs of medications, appointments, even treatments is far, far less than it is in the UK if you were to be private. Recently when we were in summer on our vacation, there's had a little bit of trouble with my eyes. Who went to the opticians here, went to the hospital here. So at Walmart Doc, just by la visible eye group. So we're going to go in now. We'll be interviewing. We're doing it more time at home. Please come over here right after us. I'm sorry. I'm sure one's nine, I think. Nine to five. Okay, we're taking a poor object or for a meeting. I need a phone. Okay. And then is it a persistent problem? Like all the time, all the time? It's become nine, yeah. So just finished my eye exam, did a full thorough check. And it was like last time my sight has actually improved as such. Due to age, don't laugh about my age. Due to age, my eyesight has actually improved in my long-sightedness. Has been offset by my short-sightedness. Although short sightedness isn't too much of a problem. But my prescription has changed. It's gone from minus 6.25 down to minus five. And the total cost of the eye exam with consultation and the eye drops, 900 pesos, less than 15 pounds. In the UK, an equivalent eye test, was probably around 25 pounds with the eye drops. You're looking at 30, 35 pounds. Before we moved to the Philippines, I was suffering from a few different health issues. fibromyalgia, epilepsy, and rheumatoid arthritis. So were we smart to move to the Philippines with these illnesses? Well, we've been here over 12 months now. My epilepsy is gone. I'm the long-in-e-medication. I've been on medication for many, many years. But I haven't taken any since we moved to the Philippines. I haven't needed to. I've not had an attack. It's been great. I'm moving here though. It's always scary to move to another country. You're not sure what to expect. And obviously if you are in ill health, it's a big concern. What sort of treatment is available? How easy is it to get to the doctors? Are they professional? Are they knowledgeable? Well, even living somewhere with just isn't a big city of such, like Ormark. There's some great, great doctors here. There's a lot. A lot of information. There's no shortage. There's no waiting. It's been fantastic. James mother's gone to the doctors here. Even Jane, myself and Isabella, have had certain things we haven't disclosed. But every time we need a treatment or advice, medication, anything at all. It's been very quick. Very reasonably priced. I'm very effective. But I'm happy to say I'm not on any medication whatsoever. Not taking any medication since we left the UK. So should you move to the Philippines if you're in ill health? Well, that's up to you obviously. There are certain insurances you can take out. There are things like fill health. There's insurances you can take out in your own country. That will cover you while you're in X-Path. There are also insurance policies you can take out while you're here. They're all different priced obviously. And not what cover you need, but you have any existing health problems. You should never let your health get in the way of happiness. The way of living here, it suits us. It really does. And our health problems. They really disappeared almost overnight. Just the way of living. The food. The organic food. Less pollution. Less noise. Less stress. It's amazing what stress can do to your body. Living here has been absolutely fantastic. We met on neighbours the other day. We're going to go meet our neighbours. Some of them. Some new neighbours. Let's put a mask on. Oh, Lincoln. There's a house being built here. There's going to be another new neighbour at some point. One of our neighbours here. That's the dragon fruit for sale. I'll check it out. I'm Joel now. From time to time he sells lettuce. Oh, OK, lettuce. Oh, OK. So that's quite nice. We get to learn about our neighbours. Get to meet them. You move to the Philippines. It's difficult sometimes. But always meet the neighbours. It's a good step. I'm here now at the house. Can we meet another neighbour? One of our neighbours is the individual of the Copenhagen Reef. We're going to get some wagon fruit. I'll with them more. I'll with them more. So we're buying some dragon fruit from one of our neighbours here. He's free-rate them. He's written on the side of them how much they are. 120 pesos per kilo, which is extremely good price. And we bought them before in a normal centre by the market. There was 200 pesos per kilo. Got a whole dragon fruit farm here. Really nice. Are you sure I got two pesos? You got them? It does help when you move. You make friends, you meet people. And we got together with our neighbours the other day. Those dragon fruit ones incredibly nice. Really great advice. We've been here over 12 months. We absolutely love it here. We're a family can come over. It's likely to be early next year. We haven't visited us where our friends from the UK are still here by the way. They're still in Lately. We might catch up with them again before they go about to England, about to the UK. But when we picked them up and we realised the car we have is perfectly fine. It's a great car, very economical. It's... It gives us no problems at all. The only thing is perhaps we need something just a little bit bigger. So we decided now to sell our car. It served us very well. At the first owner we bought it for a new, it's had a four service history. It's in great condition. It's a really, really economical car. Especially with fuel prices going up. It's been fantastic. Not one complaint about it. The only thing is we just wish it was a little bit bigger. A little bit more room when my family come next year. Really want to drive them around, show them all of all Mark. Jane and myself also want to take a road trip all over the Philippines. So we're looking for something bigger. Here at Mr. Bishie. So at Mr. Bishie Motors in all Mark's city. As we're looking, it's possibly... Change our car. It took a little bit more wiring like we're doing this. But this is the car we're looking at. This is a Mitsubishi expander. It's a new model. Stylten the Philippines a couple of months ago. It's an SUV, a seven-seater. And it looks really nice. So we're here to look at a car. A me. It is a baller. Next birthday. A jet blind. You like the white colour? Yeah, I think so. It looks good to me. Well the red looks nice, but... You'd have to turn the white one over to me. I really like the white. Obviously all the... It feels so special. It's a... It brought us coffee and drinks and snacks while we wait. I was going to be taking out the car on a fast drive. So when we bought our car last year, we bought it for our new from Suzuki Dane of O. Fast forward to our months. And the new, this price for the car is 869. Oh yeah, I like the big car. It's here, aren't they? Uh-huh. I like the white one that's getting nice. So we've just had a test drive. It's a really nice car. Really smooth. A lot of grand clear and great suspension. Great acceleration. Maybe she's probably looking for it. And Jane likes the colour of the white one. Like a pearlescent colour isn't it? Yeah. You can just see it. It's really nice. It's really nice. It's not like a solid design. Yeah. The finished washing, it's like there's a stardust. Like stardust, yeah. Yeah. So you'd like the white one, do you? I like the white one. So we'll get the back of it a minute. So here's the back of the Mitsubishi X-Fander, the white. It's nice car. It's really nice and white. But we've advertised our car on Facebook. If anyone's in the area interested, drop us a comment. It's a great car. It really is. In fact, the listing price, the asking price for it, has gone up by 100,000 pesos in a year. I'm sure that's due to manufacturing costs. Also the popularity of it. It is a fantastic car for the money. Really great value. And we're sad to see it go. But we do need to get something real big. Moving to the Philippines with bad health or ill health, it can definitely be done. There's no lack of doctors here. There's no lack of knowledge. Everything is available. Everything you can think of. Don't believe what some people say. That they're a bit backward here. No, they're really not. They know everything. One of my friends here that we met, he's had his eyes done. He's had eye laser surgery. And the price, about a third of the price it would be in the UK. Two years ago when I was working in an office with fluorescent light in, air conditioning, my prescription was minus 7.5 on my eyes. Now, two years later, it's minus 5 on both eyes. So should you move to the Philippines if you're an ill health? That's up to you. But I had health conditions and issues. And I'm cured of them. I don't take any medication. I don't have any problems. 12 months living in the Philippines, my health has gotten better and better and better. I just need to lose a bit of weight. I'm working on that. But my stress is less. My health is better. And we love living here. Thank you very much for watching. If you haven't subscribed to our channel and you like our content, please do so. Hit the bell icon. And you'll be notified next time we update you with one of our vlogs. Our vlogs have been a little bit sparse, a little bit of timing between the last couple of vlogs. But we're going to be more frequent, have much more updates now. We have so much more coming up. And we still need to go to Manila. We're still waiting. It's unbelievable. But patience is key. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient.