 Hi everyone and welcome to our channel. I know this exciting video building I will follow the Blue House in Mind & Hour the Philippines. The house external walls are completed. Good progress on the concrete work of a coming major flow gaps and more. Please comment, like, subscribe, share and don't forget to click the bell to get notified of any new release video. So please don't go away and enjoy! Thank you for watching! Good morning everybody! Another day, another day to spend, another video. So this morning we're going to work on the wall along the road while the first post is dry and that will transfer the formwork to the other post and so forth. Now we continue with the installation of the HUDD flakes. Let's go and see. The first post is dry, just finished yesterday. Wow! Put a big bowl of that to keep everything tight. Maybe the timber work was coming loose or something. But it's okay, it's good. Now we're going to work on this wall along the road. I just let you know that wall along the road will be a little bit higher than the road, of course, to prevent any water to come in. And we're going to put those fence posts at the same time. And there's a 10 feet one up there, which was here before. We're going to put that up there near the last post, near the new gate. Anyway, you'll see when as we go along. I can just fit in the last few boxes, which smell for actually a powerpoint. This is the one for the veranda. We need that in case we got an electric barbecue or something or whatever it is. And there's another one in this room that needs to be fitted. I think it's here somewhere on this corner. Okay. For me, the job today is to fill those big gaps with glue and sawdust before I use the timber filler, which I've already already through Lasada. So I'm going to do that today. Otherwise, my filler will just drop down. So we're going to plug all that. Okay, I made a little mixture of sawdust, glue, wooden glue, of course. And just to touch the water. And I'm using a spoon, which got the round bit at the end. So it goes in the groove. Yeah, once we remove those top holes, I'm sure the husks will be lighter inside. They'll be more light coming in. So we want to do that until we finish the walls. Okay, as you know, Isabella Bedroom is ready for floor and walls to be finished off. Now we're doing the same thing. Okay, I'm going to do the same thing in this room. So we're clearing it and going to start cleaning it. Okay, more hollow blocks are I from the friendly team. Another 50, I'm sure I need to order more. But for today, you'll be fine. They also brought just before smoke cubic. I was just smoking, I don't think it's a cubic that thing, but anyway, of sand. Okay. It's my 4 cubic meter gravel. Well, well, well, well. I'm going to mix it already. Jesus. I think I've got to have you love that. Okay, this one is 900 for the pea size gravel. The other guy down the road was 1200 cubic meter, of course. So this is much better now. Like hell, this we keep as busy for a while. And here's still digging for that other wall. Okay, it's a brown edge right now, but as I said, those bulbs got a battery inside. So when there's no power, the battery will take over. And we got light steel. This is very good. I love it. Progressing really well with the top there is good. Need to get that done before the road ends. Okay, Jason, the young guy who worked with us, a new young guy, he knows someone who can drill a well for us. I asked him to get those people to come over and talk about it and maybe get a price and see. But also the news about water still is that 10 water is going to come in, I've been told. By the husband or one of the Barangay consular. So 10 water is coming. But still I'm going to have a tank, the septic tank, I'm going to use that for collecting water and extra things. You know, garden, washing, what have you. They always handy anyway. I bet we have a little pond with fish or ducks. I don't know. We will see. But it's good news. It's going to take a while. So we still have to do this water collection. I'm going to buy drinks soon to those guys who got this very, very hot. Okay, break time. Cheers. Just brought some drinks and some pan and have a rest. It's getting very hot and not only that. Now what's coming again. So I may have had home very soon. Feel a little bit tired. My age. Okay, looking good. This guy to ran on odds. But we are well prepared. I'm sure this would be dry now, but we'll just leave there for the weekend. So I need to buy more ribbons. 10 mil, 10 of those. I'm going to put them on the floor. We'll construct this wall here. Oh, can I have a drink with you? You can have a drink with me. Yeah, they will have one go before going home on the concrete. This baby will come out on Monday. That's good. I'm happy. I started looking really good at side. Couldn't wait to see this single cover all around really. Still a good job. Rodel, of course. Everybody doing your work over here. Everybody. Okay, that's it for today, guys. So I'm going to head home. I will see you on Monday morning. Good morning. Another day, another dollar to spend. Some rivers and more premium semins. Some type of to protect the floor in the house where we do the skin coat and painting. I'm going to start the day here. We're only spending all of 3000 pesos. Okay, you're going to plant all the screws. I've been trying to go around and get those things deeper, but you just can't. I don't know why. We just cannot do that with those screws we had. Anyway, we'll see how we go. Should take too long and it's worthwhile. Okay, we're going to get the other poster. This one is curing at the moment and it's looking good. I think it's a good thing. I'm going to put it on the other side. I think it's a good size. Anyway, we'll see how we go with that. But... Okay, I got full crew today, which is good. I really want to have a good day this week. I got only work until Friday. Friday is the last day. Saturday we got a party, so I'm not going to be here. So I got Wadel and Ankle working in the house. Full blast. So now we've got it with this one here. It's good. Okay, let's go and see inside the house what's happening. I think this house got chicken pox now. Okay, all this side is all closed up. It's good. And now we need to do one on the other side of the house. You can see there's an opening. There's going to be an opening all around the house to let the air circulate. I'm happy to do that. I know some people will talk about a typhoon coming in. The wind's going to go through there and lift the roof. No typhoon here. Just left over. Left over will be affected, but just have it run. That's all. I'll be talking with the local. No one can remember any typhoon in Deepo-Log area. And when I talk about typhoon, the laugh at me. Okay, just have a chat with Rodel on those posts. I like to keep the natural color, those posts. I don't want to pen them. Just keep the natural timber. And Amaca will be on either side. So what is to just do is to buy the... I'll show you which one it is. I got one here. Send this sealer. If I found it. Yeah, here it is. This baby here. And here I can at least three coats. Because the first one will be probably suck by the timber. Second one, start to settle. The third one will settle. So this is what I'm going to do. To all those posts. Because I like the finish. I'm not going to do it a little bit. Repair here and there. But I want to leave them. We can see them. It's really nice. Give that antique style. Yeah, so... Alright, that's what we're going to do. Okay, another one on position. And then here we have the stays. Which will be reinforced with rebar. So it will be pretty strong stays. With a good foundation. And that should be alright. I'm not sure if I mentioned that Jason is back. We got four people here today. I'm happy to have them. The circuit is all I need. Okay, lunchtime for the boys. I had to put those things in the water for a little while. They don't like dry but dry is good for their teeth. But especially this one. He doesn't like. He needs to be sucking water first. That's okay. This one doesn't mind. Way to dry doesn't mind. It's so happy. Is the back wall being prepared? It's working out how we're going to put those posts. We're all going to put them in the water. So what we decide to do instead of adding those posts into this wall. We're going to make the posts on position already. And I think that's the better solution. So I will say, well, we make it better understanding. But look what's coming. I'm not sure how long we're going to be working outside. We may not have enough free bars but that's okay. I can always bring some more tomorrow. But I think it's a better idea. I feel better when I see that post. This is a big run coming. You know I use K. Yeah, I just got the dough out very easily. The dough jumped as well. Let's go back to work. I'm going to put some more dough in the water. I'm going to put some more dough in the water. I'm going to put some more dough in the water. I'm going to put some more dough in the water. I'm going to put some more dough in the water. I'm going to put some more dough in the water. I'm going to put some more dough in the water. I'm going to put some more dough in the water. I'm going to put some more dough in the water. I'm going to put some more dough in the water. It's just one pass over us. That ugly thing. But right now we got the brown out. It's out of the house there, the top section. Almost finished. Just need that bit here. It's all down. So it's pretty good. I'm going to put some more dough in the water. It's all down. So it's pretty good. Going well. Just in doing all the re-bought work for the new post. Just a little bit more. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Okay, that's it for today. For this video, in some of the next video, take care. God bless you all. Bye-bye. You