 Patreon.com I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. Priority number one, go for a swim. Go for a swim. Go for a swim. Whoo! There he is! Wow! That water is incredible. Holy smokes. Lovely. You got to love these boats, say. It's designed. It's narrow, it's colorful, it works really, really well when you want to go faster. I find the more you get south west to your Mindenau, the more you see these kind of boats. It's very, I guess I could say like a, you know, a tower is like, oh, it's a lava clear. And we got a mask. Alright, let's go see what we can find. Oh my gosh, that's incredible. Holy smokes. Thank you. We're going to have a drink. Let's have a drink. This is Kuyabed from television. Thank you, Kuyabed. Be sure to eat. Thank you, Kuyabed. Thank you. Lava clear bed. I really want to go to the fish again. Thank you. Tower sugar, you tower sugar? Kuyabed, bed. Tower sugar, tower sugar. Oh, cool. I guess. It's a level like a... He's a tower sugar. And right in front of me I think is a giant... That is the swordage. The swordage. The swordage. The swordage. The swordage. The swordage. The swordage. The swordage. The swordage. The swordage. I've never seen anything like that. They're just hanging out there the whole day. These fish. I asked the locals. They said fish like this just hang out all the time. This is a common thing. The chances are if you come here, you'll be able to swim with these gomo fish. Gomo fish. Gomo. Gona. Let's see it. That was a lizard from the coconut. There's a lizard there. I don't explain what just happened. A lizard just fell from the top of the tree and almost landed on my head. This lizard? The flying lizard. There it is. In his element. How many fights in the Philippines? Let's not talk about how many fights. Are you boxing? Yeah. Are you going to do it? Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Oh, the hole man. The hole. Alright, so, fat. John John is a boxer. This guy over here. I'm not. He won. He won. He won. I am a lover. I'm not a boxer. Good job. Yep. Let's get out of the way. It's okay. Yeah. We can't do it. Oh, yeah. That's a nice move. Yes, cool. I'm scared. We can't do it. nobody nobody, it's too dry that was long, no, that was bad not good, not good, a pack okay okay, I'm not too okay I'm not too good in the same bag in Tagalog it's Suntok Suntok in Tarsugitz Suntok in thank you can you take a photo of us on the boat over there? sorry, sweet, alright thank you thank you guys, sorry that was the lamest box in my life, so I'm just trying to jump in all actually trying that was the lamest that was the lamest so as you walk around the island you'll see little rocky coves, very beautiful of course there's a little bit of garbage in the island and they may love it and that's something I can be managed though, if people just pack in what you pack out and if they just get a system in place for the most part around here for the most part, this whole island here on the outside too, it's very beautiful and picturesque, white sand, clear water, friendly people hello, take care, I'm staying, I'm staying that's a god too, that's a bumblebee bye, goodbye take care, I'm staying take care, I'm staying look at this part, this is so beautiful bye, bye, take care, bye bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye bye bye, bye bye, bye, bye, bye, bye bye bye, bye bye bye bye bye bye, bye bye, bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye, bye Russians and Comrades, if you miss a new video, please watch it, and if you miss a new video, please like and share it with me, I'll see you tomorrow bye bye bye bye bye,bye bye bye bye bye bye bye, bye bye byebye bye bye, Go, go, go! Ah! You're taking the key! I think we should! I think we should! Ah! I guess I guess I'll be... I'll be... I'll be... Woo! Elet! Elet, you got my toy! Yeah! Yeah! Alright, let's ride the Booty-Booty back to the sand bar! That's the Tau-Sug name of this boat! I'm going to ride the Booty-Booty back to the sand bar! I'm going to ride the Booty-Booty back to the sand bar! I'm going to ride the Booty-Booty back to the sand bar! I'm going to ride the Booty-Booty back to the sand bar! I'm going to ride the Booty-Booty back to the sand bar! I'm going to ride the Booty-Booty back to the sand bar! I'm going to ride the Booty-Booty back to the sand bar! I'm going to ride the Booty-Booty back to the sand bar! I'm going to ride the Booty-Booty back to the sand bar! I'm going to ride the Booty-Booty back to the sand bar! I'm going to ride the Booty-Booty back to the sand bar! To about weekend Don Juan! They nameless island after you! No, I think it's named after you! I'm putting Balas, I'm synog, synog balas! Put in Kulas! Oh my god! Ji's going to see the sand bar! everywhere it's crazy it's a big soundbar man I think good size looking back you can see the island where we came from, Pandolecent Island putting ballast our pyro has got some beautiful spots well I really really hope that these places continue to get better vibes and that more locals more local Filipinos can visit them so it inspires the locals as well to you know invest in their tourism and grow you know these places in a peaceful and progressive way because that's a fight spackings and negative thing so standing here right now and putting ballast looking back at Pandolecent Island it's just been a beautiful day really enjoyed it and I hope that you know in the future a lot more people like myself can come here and just explore and have fun you can if you come and contact the tourism office and let the PNP know and if you're local you can just come and you know hang out and check out the island we just met people in the island here from Kegi and the U.R. so Sam bars out, fun burners out, successful day, see ya back on the road somewhere