 Future Friday. The freshest. I thought we would check out some brand new names from the R&B and the sort of Filipino rap scene as well. Let us begin. Yeah, we haven't done that in a while. We haven't checked out any new names in that scene per se. Also, back on the wish was, baby. Yeah, this has been one of the few performances that has really been making a total of noise lately. And it's called Demi. Okay. The girl, I think, and then Madman Stan is like a rapper. Oh, we're in a nice name. And their performance is a very short song, so very much of this new era. Oh, cool. Let's have a look. Let's go home, buddy. So, I look. Hey. I didn't know, buddy. I'm a home buddy. Ooh. Slap. Slap. Slap. Wait, wait, wait. Okay. If I didn't know the wish bus, I would have said, oh, she's not singing because, because she sounds really studio-ish. Yeah, very, very, very studio. Very close to the studio. I haven't heard the original though. Like, I haven't heard the studio version, but I would put my money that it sounds pretty similar to this. It sounds like that philipp song. I think. Me, me, me, me. Me, me, me, me. Yeah. Does that mean, philippin' R&B banks? Bank. Sheesh. I like that. I like that. Hey, Madman Stan. You know the reason why we're so critical. Like, commercial R&B in like the Stubbs environment. It's because commercial R&B is usually the weakest life. It's very difficult to sort of replicate that sound life. It's terribly difficult. Because, you know, you can understand, there's a ton of like atmospheric production, there's a ton of sonic space being filled out by artificial stuff. And in terms of vocal technique, as you can see here, you need to be very settled. You need to be very calm. You need to, because it's very breathy. It's all about the mood and the setting of the scene. And if you are on stage just jumping about, you will never have that super calm, serene sound. And that takes away from the experience. So sat down and he makes sense that she can sort of achieve it. Yes, this is the perfect environment to perform some like riffs. It's so breathy. It's so like... It is. Bro, it's got that lazy wrist. Everything's very like laid back in this track. Yeah. I've fucked with this. I've fucked with this. I like her a lot, man. I so do I. I like this chick. I like her a lot. How old is she? 16. It's literally if. It's literally if. It's literally if Sabrina Claudio had a baby with Caesar. That's when you've come out. Also, also, she has little... I have no idea. But she also has little twangs that remind me of that Bronx, Latina Bronx. What's her name? Meli. Meli. Meli. Oh, she reminds me a little bit of that. If Meli did like chill the R&B. Demi's got like 3 million monthly listeners. That's great. That's a big name. I don't know. That seems to be her biggest track. I have no idea. I genuinely have no idea. I'm an independent R&B Filipino artist. This is her. This is her wrong thing. Oh. She grew up listening to Jenny Aiko. The Analyday. The Analyday. The Analyday. That makes sense. That makes sense. Demi sounds has described a sufficient of international, a local music and produces the catalog English tracks. How old is Demi, man? Demi, how old are you, girl? Because she's got that like look where she's going to look the same until she's like 60 years old. I like the song though. It's catchy. Yeah. Ooh. I like the day. The day. Social speaking up. Is that what it is? I don't know. It went super viral. It seems. She's gone. Did I go? How old is she? Yes, she's young as both. Meli, what's the hell? She's young. She's young. You know what you're saying there. What the fuck you're like. You ain't saying that. What the hell is wrong with you? That ain't saying that. Hey, I ain't saying that. That's not saying that. I brought that saying. I don't know what that is. The fuck. Let's go back. Look at her. Look at her, man. This is so ridiculous. There goes her, bro. What's gone is what's going on in that letter. Ahhhhh, yeah. Most, especially Los Angeles. I'm not going anywhere in America. Yeah, nothing. Exactly. Because I don't know anything about the songs. Especially between the Solace? Yeah, group dance. We did some love songs. Hmm. So, after that, I don't want to use that word. What was this lyrics? That was Rap Barbante playing. I swear my own song. I want to do this Gotta go literature with my Surfers. Then you want to sell it Yeah, young boys young boy and I'll met man stand I like his name Madman stain and that that song is actually like one minute 50 That's fucking that how crazy shout out to the new generation man. I didn't mean to swear But I out to the new generation I know what somehow it feels enough this song speaks about two people casually spending time together In the hope of turning into something deeper. I'm all meaningful. Well, whoever wrote that for the wish bus Come on dog. We know it's about getting down In the sofa we got Spanish comedy I'm a much less than young I actually like it. I'm so proud of my damn them. What does that? Them them she's them me heard this on the radio. It's pretty good to my ears. Yeah, it's actually quite a vibe I love how them is getting her confidence above okay That's above and that Philippines is an amazing country. I'm from Malaysia nice. It's really sharp I'm feeling rich the world worldwide. I love the voice I like it. I like it and it's a good combo of like enough English enough to got log is like a good It's like a good combo of both things. I like just be kicking ass in Malaysia like people are like I think the socials Once they picked it up and yeah, it's like a TikTok thing. Yeah, okay, so shows well shout out dammy Shout out dammy and madman stand madman stand. What else have they got? What else you would check out? I love another song, you know, yeah, let's try and push to two minutes or 15 No, god damn what it's just a fucking TikTok thing. It's all their folk is not making music that was obviously getting streams on people are loving It's about the era is about the era. Yeah, it's about the time span. It's fucking attention span of these kids What can they see more than 15 seconds of entertain? What's the last song you played? That's crazy We're part of the problem like I get it like but damn in music is wild like anyways. I like this though. I like them Yeah, I would love to see more of our stuff immensely streamable like he makes you want to replay that. I am I'm gonna download that That's all you guys thought about it and goodbye