 Entering the Philippines by the back door. Most people enter the country by plane, but I'm going to take this boat from Taawau in Sabba to Bongo Tawi Tawi. But right now I'm still in Peninsula Malaysia, and on our journey we stop by a small town, famous for its noodles. They have, they have, they have. Malaysia, one Tamiy. These open air food courts are the best way to experience local specialities that you might not have heard of. On top are noodles with a sweet soy sauce, then a delicious soup and wanton dumplings. Flavor, yeah, yeah, lots of flavour and this one is, I don't know. And there's also some unique snacks. Two baskets where you put a bamboo process shoulder, so you're chicken, some wine and biscuits. One of them is this, for white cake. You bring this biscuits, actually a biscuit. So your in-laws or future in-laws with kudari, already negotiated cash whatever in kind, whatever. But it applies only to a certain dialects of Chinese people. It's not all, we also have crispy chicken biscuits. Shat kek ma. I've started my trading journey already. What's this one? It's like, it's very interesting. Oh, okay, okay, okay, try. Oh. The filling tastes like mince pie. Hey, I know you, I know you like it. Who is like? Who is like? I can't see you in Philippines. Yes, see you in Philippines. So, maybe I have a coffee for you. Oh, it's coffee. Yeah, it's very famous in Nepal and it's the best in Malaysia. Oh, thank you, okay. Barter, barter, no, there's no barter, it's just friends. See you later. Back on the road. Hopefully not too disrupted by them on Zoom. Near the capital, expressways skirt the city. Heading straight in our case for the airport. There's no direct ferry link between peninsula Malaysia and Borneo. So the only option except for a long convoluted route by Indonesia is to fly. So we actually have to go through immigration again just getting to Sabba, same with Sarawak. Because they're under slightly different immigration rules, getting another stamp in the passport. Even though I entered by a Sabba, interesting history here. Because of course, before the federation, they were all governed independently. I stayed a night in Kottakina, Belou, but it's also possible to fly direct to Tawau from Kuala Lumpur. But I'm glad I flew over the magnificent Borneo and Rainforest by day. We can still fly at Tawau Airport. First 50p is remained seated. Tawau's airport is located 30km out of the city, but there's plenty of grab cars available. Yeah, the monsoons here as well. The rain is so heavy and I really hope it's not like this tomorrow. Because their boat will not go. So before I go out and explore Tawau, actually that stop we made at the start of the video in a place called BDo. They're like, it fits this video quite nicely because it lets me make an explanation about kind of the Chinese communities here in Malaysia. So on this flight to Tawau, I noticed there's a lot of people of Chinese ethnicity. And the Chinese mostly came to Malaysia, though some are coming before, but mostly came during the 1800s and early 1900s when it was under British rule. So of course the peninsula was more direct British rule. That was truly a colony. Where we are now in Sabah was only a British colony from 1946. Before that it was a protectorate, run under a kind of corporate company structure. It was the North Borneo company. They were the ones who of course negotiated the concessions with either the Sultan at Brunai or the Sultan of Sulul. It goes a lot deeper than this, but that's basically it. The Chinese were often brought here and even our driver there, he said his grandfather was an indentured labourer. His pack passage here was paid for by basically one year of slave labour. But they came here, they worked in the plantations, the mines or in logging. But the thing with the Chinese were they wouldn't settle to be a labourer all their life. A lot of them ended up performing their own plantations, they got their own land, or they went into the login business, or as many an hour into the retail business. So that's kind of the history of the Chinese here. Before the colonial days, here particularly in Tauao, there were a number of ethnic groups in the mountains. Sorry I forgot the names, but also the Sulux, the Taosugs, the Bad Jows and Bulgis from the islands of Sulawesi in Indonesia. So this is really a point where many, many groups came together. We have the mountains, we have the ocean. I don't know much more about that, and I'm going to have to really explore to find out. 1898 I think is the year that Chinese migrants and Tauao started really developed. This bell tower is the only thing survived World War II here. World War II was particularly harsh and boring, and not a lot did survive. Cotterkin and Baloo was flattened apart from also a clock tower. This was actually built after the end of the first World War by Japanese businessmen. Tata Week, it's like a pool of tea. They give me this special energy to do everything I need to do. I need to eat first and then let's have a look in the market, let's see what's there. I've moved to back, stuck chicken pancake. I haven't had one of these yet. So since it's here, some places you go to and they say it's the long time, and I haven't figured out the right time for it yet. So that over there is the market. Five floors tall or six I forgot. The biggest one in the whole of Malaysia. Six thousand stalls apparently. It's at the intersection of Malaysia, Philippines and Indonesia. Downstairs mostly dry snacks and wet goods. This year's 60 drive fish, I saw the word lap watch. They have a full courty of a square. The top is, uh, government offices never mind. A floor below is like a bizarre full of things that I may or may not want to be back home. 25 is one and they're nice back, that's nice, yeah. Very nice. You want to see? Yeah, sure, sure, sure. Oh, you also have this smaller. Oh, this one's nice. Two zips. You see nice. Yeah. Take it one. Just 25. Oh, like long. 20. 20. Nice. This one's nice. Yeah, yeah. I take this one. This one, you want? Yeah, then this one. Yeah. For your life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, it's nice, yeah. That's 45. 45, okay. You're from? From UK. Oh, from UK. I live in Philippines. Oh, you live in Philippines? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So tomorrow I write the boat. Yeah. From Bungau? It's a Bungau, yeah, it's a Bungau. Yeah. I write that one, hopefully not full. Yeah. Tomorrow morning 7 o'clock by tickets. Yeah. And Bungau too? Then Bungau too. That's about it. Yeah, and Bungau too? Then Bungau too, that's about it. Oh, that's about it. Yeah, I live in that's about it. Yeah. I live in that's about it. That's about it. That's about it. Yeah. Yeah. You've been to Philippines? Yeah, just one. One time. Yeah. Zamboonga city. Zamboonga city. Oh, Zamboonga city. Yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. Nice place. Yeah, Zamboonga. I like Zamboonga. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello, guys. Hello. Hey. Hello. Okay. Hey. Hello. Okay. Hey. Hey. Follow me. Okay. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. So, how about the snacks? Fish, fish, what? I eat... Cheese. Oh, cheese. Okay. Oh, this one. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, I was actually looking for noodles as well, but I saw there's a grocery store. I'll try that instead. Also, the lady in the market seems to know about that boat seven o'clock. That's what I've heard as well. So, it seems like the songs I go early don't have tickets. Thank you. Oh, Christmas. The number one target found immediately. There was this delicious soy sauce I tried and I forgot the words. They talked me the words for sweet and thick and I forgot all of it. Kika Manes Pedasya, I think that's the one. It's the meaning of British influence. And then there's this. Looks like cool asses, thumbnails. I should get some for them. Prices of food seem less than the Philippines, especially rice. Fries seem... I might not have the same. But the fly-ins and stuff. So, the reason I do this and buy some stuff and bring it is... This is the old barter trade routes of before. And the reason this boat exists at all is because earlier this year, actually during my first visit there, I wondered why all the hotels were full. It's because there were lots of government officials signing a new deal, a barter trade deal formalising. It's basically... It's been informal for many, many years. They buy some products here, taken to Taui Taui. That's why you find so many goods from here in Taui Taui all the way up to San Bwonga. And then they bring other stuff back and set it here. That's been going on for centuries. Really old. I'm walking in the rain. Let's get up the rain. I just wanted to check out whatever that was. So, I'm doing a small-scale barter trade kind of. Today, I found out that Tanger means stays in Milley. There we go. Okay. Here's my huge barter trade haul. I say barter trade. This isn't barter trade. This is just me doing the impassadin bomb. I haven't seen some of these before. So, I'm going to try them out. I don't have that much space in my bag because I already have stuff that I got from people. I've got a try this. I've got a... As soon as I saw... Sabati. I've got a... I've got a try this one. Rainforest tea. They say it's organically grown with no pesticides because it's inside the forest. I've somehow... ...somehow got to get all of this into this bag. It would be doable, but I have all my dirty laundry. Which is the majority of the weight. So, maybe I'll just leave that behind. I don't know. Everything closes really early. I've just noticed because there's one Tito essential I really really need. Which is Tiger Bar. Tiger Bar is... ...the best thing in the world. For certain purposes. Legit purposes, of course. I'm like a moth going towards the light and then there's nothing. It's like when moths go towards the light, they're also... ...don't know. Are they disappointed? I don't know. Do they feel it anything? Turns out there is a bit of activity here at night. Zorva sporting yum yum, nice name. Goodbye, costume. I can get Tiger Bar. There are restaurants, but I'm not that hungry. Things I can't find at home. What's this? There's a market in a few days' time. That was... ...jallon masjid. That's the... ...jallonchester. And a chest. There's some really nice wooden shop houses here. Hey. Hey. Hey, yeah, man. You good? I'm good. Okay. My name's Ansel. Ansel, yeah. What's your name? I'm Neh. It's okay. Nice to meet you. Okay, nice to meet you. Bye-bye. Oh, well, I'll call my salam. I've remembered. I've remembered the response. I always forget the response. Just about, right? It's 5-something in the morning. The boat actually goes at 9, but they told me yesterday be it ticketing 7 o'clock sharp. So, I'm gonna go a little bit early just in case. This looks only 3 months old. Before, you've always been able to go sandac and sandwonga. That would've been open for a while, 22 hours overnight. Now, there's... How I'll go into Bongo. And soon there's also gonna be a lahadatu going to Bongo. So, these options are this part of the world are really opening up. Boats. It doesn't feel real yet. Yeah, that bag's heavy. Hello. Hi. Hi. 350 ringgits, so that's around 4,000 pesos each way. What's happening? One last taito before I go back. Baby-minus works like a normal international border. So, unless you're a permanent resident like I am, you're gonna need to have a return or on the ticket, coming back out to the Philippines. Through immigration, an up-close and personal, with the MV Ming Hai. It's a bit bigger than I expected. I think 100 plus passengers. Mostly people who are either from here and have business in Bongo. But people in Bongo will come here for business or for family. I've met guys whose families are here, but they were born there. These links are going on way back. On board, you can go downstairs or upstairs. Look on upstairs. Actually, these seats are really comfortable. We'll see in seven hours time via the evening. Really comfortable. And we immediately rolled into a storm which the boat handled well. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. Oh, I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I hope I don't have to, though, because... Actually, even though we're going through a storm, this is maybe very comfortable. You don't feel it at all. White sand beaches and floating houses with the ocean much calmer, I decided to explore the boat a bit in search of a cafe. Oh, we say a cop. It's an idiot. A pack lunch. I want to sandwich it. There you go, noodle. Noodles, great tips. Oh, and I booked now. Oh, and I want to do that. Oh, it's a gig. And I went for the International Quizine. Aborts the International Boat. From coastal villages, not unlike those of Basilan, Sulu and Tawi, to floating resorts, this is still part of Malaysia. So we're about halfway through the trip. Four hours in, that was simple one of it. We're going to see Stankai civil too soon, and then we'll head into Bongo, probably just before the sunset. And for dinner, it's got to be Malaysian noodles. Meal of champions. So we passed Pangwan Islands, entered Philippine waters. We're just going past Stankai now, with the sun setting. It's a little bit longer than the seven to eight hours you expect. But it's been a great adventure. It's nice to come this way to see how the world opens up. It's been a great adventure. It's nice to come this way to see how the world opens up. We're back to Mongolia, yeah. Long day, long day, long day, but we made it. I'm almost bored today. I'm looking forward to meeting you. We arrived at eight o'clock. It's now 10.20 pm. I'm done with everything. I'm legally in the country. And I'm gonna go through the back door. Terrible joke. Come through the back door, and I'm going through the back door and going into Bon Gau. Into the Philippines via boat to the east. I thank you, thank you. This is awful. Hey, thank you. All the food options are closed. They've literally taken me to a way to eat. Oh, thank you. To Loco. Salam a kaya. Oh, the thing is... I'm going to the book. Oh, look at that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Next time, next time, next time. Okay, bye bye, bye bye. And we're back to where we all started in Koyas Inn. Or where my first trip to Tawaii Tawaii started. It's really interesting to see this boat link actually. Guys like Asram, where I met there, at the end. His family's from Cebu D'O, but his parents moved to Senbona in Sabba during I think the 70s. So he was born there as a Malaysian passport, but he said he's his salmon. So there's a lot of these kind of family links over banged trees, and there's also a lot of trade links. There's a lot of similarities between the places. And also, plenty of differences. A lot of these differences just from differing historical parts, really. For example, I don't have to use my adaptor to plug things in. And then when I came up, this is Room 207. And I thought, oh no, second floor. Wait, first floor is the one above. No, second floor is the one above ground here. In Malaysia, it's the British system. First floor is the one above ground. Second floor is two up. And that's what keeps us all unique, really. But at the same time, there's a lot of similarities. And I always say that just because there's a board over there, doesn't mean suddenly things totally change. It's gradual, gradual, gradual, because people here have been mixing and mixing for centuries. And this boat really is, it's that link again. That mixing continues. The bar to trade is really at the base of it. And it's nice to see that that's continuing. It's not quick, no, but it's an adventure. And it's really great if you're in Samba and you want to come to a slaughter, are we? It's perfect. It's a good link. And it's much more useful for the locals as well. That's what it's really there for. Yeah. Speaking of bar to trade tomorrow, it's still a bar to market.