 Hey welcome to a phone, knowing the Philippines I was going to give you. I was going to pack in for the night and just decided that I would give you an update on my trip home a couple of days ago. As you may know it's actually rainy season and it's not my favourite time. I originate from Manchester and that's in the UK and in Manchester or some strange reason probably something to do with the pronoun chain where the weather is affected very much by it. We get a lot of rain there. In fact they always say it always rains in Manchester. Well be that may or not. It's raining a lot here and boy it happened. Well I was in Taliban, I was in Taliban on my own getting some things, some materials and I'm on my way home. Now until you've been out in the tropics and you've experienced torrential rain then you won't know what it's saying. I'm talking about droplets as big as bullets and they it's not Australian hail but so much rain, so much water falls in such an incredibly short time that it just washes everything away. There's a lot of flooding on the mainland now of Luzon and a lot of people suffering. May go to help you in your time of need. We really sympathise with what you're going through. We're here on the mountain, the problem is just to get home. That's the issue. Now fortunately I was in the Raptor. If I've been in the blue I would not have been able to get home. There's no question about it. But in the Raptor it's four wheel drive and well it's a great truck so that doesn't help me if there's another truck that's stuck in the way. So as soon as I get a hundred feet up the road off the main road and onto our dirt track I get that first part and there's a jeep knee facing me trying to come out and he's stuck. So I managed to turn around. There was a road leading up. So to turn around get my rear end, I feel pardoned the expression, get my rear end up to the front of the jeep knee and give them a strap. I had a strap that I'd fortunately left in the truck and I managed to pull out. So I managed to pull them out on that. Then they were able to go on their way and then I was able to turn around and go. The next challenge up what? Maybe half a kilometer there's a tree falling down. I'm not dressed for mud okay, I've got sandals on. I had actually a pair of pretty nice sandals which I bought at Altholus and we were swanning around in it feeling very stylish. I got out in the mud to try to pull this tree to one side. Well, it's absolutely throwing it down okay, so it's not a good time for me. I'm trying to get it's in the narrowest part of the road there. So I get out and I'm slithering to the front of the truck which is where I've stopped obviously. I managed to get the tree off to the side. We weren't talking about an old tree or anything okay. So a young tree and it had split and fallen down. I managed to do that but while I'm doing that luckily nobody is there to see me otherwise they'd have been collapsed and laughter. But the sole of my sandal, this is not my sandal, but the sole of the sandal look is only holding on by an inch there and it's fallen off and it's flapping about. So I'm clopping about in the mud there looking a little bit like Charlie Chaplin. But I managed to get back to the running road of the truck. My foot rail is just full and loaded with mud. So I throw that in the back of the truck and ride the rest of the way barefoot. I don't go another, not even another kilometer, the half a kilometer and there's a tricycle in the way. So fortunately he's trying to tell me he gets pulled off to the side. He's trying to get me to go over to the left and over to the left. There's bushes and tall grass and all of that but I know that there's nothing there. It's something like a two or three foot drop off. No, I'm only saying, come over, come over. No, I'm not going to do that. Anyway, he lifted the tricycle front and an end of rear end and made enough room. So I did make it home. Very tense moment coming that last part of the trip, which believe me is quite nerve-wracking from the Gemalena tree down to along the side of the rice fields and down across the bridge and up and home. No mistakes allowed there and you slip and slide. Unfortunately, no problems. Eventually we'll have to do something about that down mud. It's just mud everywhere but as you can see, home safe and sound. Today I was not so lucky. I tried to go out in the blue so that I could have the brakes looked at, checked over. I wasn't able to do that. I got to that same muddy patch where the rice fields is it took two or three guys James and Julio and Bano Tui and Raadal to get me out, back me up and our blue truck is now abandoned at Julios. Oh well, more fun in the Philippines. That's my little update off to bed now. Thanks for looking in. Bye.