 Hey guys, it's me Yoshi and this is my younger brother Kohhei. Good morning. Good morning. So we are going to react to 40 reasons the Philippine is different from the rest of the world. So, so let's just watch. Yeah, yeah. What if I told you there is a country where over 175 languages are spoken? People 10 more than anywhere else. I didn't know. Yeah. Oh, it's maybe like it's dialect. What are you doing? Hogan. Text more than anywhere else in the world and boxing fights directly influence crime rates. It sounds pretty much unbelievable, but it's all true in the Philippines. Yeah. 14. There are more than 175 spoken languages. There are two official languages in the Philippines. Filipino based on Tagalog and English. Filipino is the... Ah, ko siyoshi. Ah, ko siyoshi. Ah, ko siyoshi po. Oh, ho, ho. Ah, ta ga... Japang? Ta ga Japang? Yo, ma j'ai eu auxrités. Yo, ma j'ai eu auxrités. Yo, ma j'ai eu auxrités. Those commonly spoken in pop culture language and the government of the country uses English in their work. By the way, the Philippines are number five on the list of the world's top English-speaking populations after US, India, Pakistan and the UK. All this sounds pretty plain and ordinary, but in fact, the diverse linguistic groups living in the country use over 175 languages. For their internal communication, since many of them exist only as spoken form, it's impossible to calculate the exact amount. Yeah, right. 13. Their capital is the most densely populated city in the world. The nation's capital, Manila, and its 16 surrounding cities that make up the Metro Manila area have a population of 12.8 million people. During the daytime, this number gets way higher since many people come here to work. And while the number doesn't sound that crazy, it takes. Lazy train? Like some ways? It's going to be like, sort of dense somewhere. Yeah, but yeah, like the exactly same as Japan, but like nowadays, I don't think like the train is crowded because of this situation. Oh, okay. Well, I'll tell you that. So, I'm that crazy. Take note that all these people live and work in an area of 16.56 square miles. This makes the population density equal to 111,000 two people per square mile. And that's five times higher than in Mumbai or Paris, for example. 12. They have churches in shopping malls. Shopping malls aren't merely a place where you buy stuff for Filipinos. They are safe air-conditioned community hubs with gyms, health clinics, concert halls, nightclubs, parks, and even churches inside. So it's no surprise that they are the favorite place to meet up with friends for so many locals. And three of the world's 10 largest shopping malls are located in the Philippines. They are mega fashion mall of SM Megamall, SM City North EDSA, and SM Mall of Asian. 11. Filipinos are the number one texting nation in the world. You already know Filipinos love meeting up with friends at shopping malls. And when they can't see each other in person, they text. And when they do it, they rarely limit it to, hey, how are you? In fact, they send about 400 million texts a day. And that's around 142 billion texts a year. It's more than the US and Europe put together not exactly a little number for a country of 107 million people. We love chat. Yeah, they love to chat. But why did he say, why did he say like when they go to the shopping mall, they text. Because they have Wi-Fi? They have Wi-Fi? Yeah, right? They have a connection everywhere. I thought like they only chat in the shopping mall. Wasn't that what he said? No, no. They just chat everywhere. Yeah, okay. Even they met each other, they chat. Yeah, but like when you meet in person, why do you have to chat? I don't know. When they can't see each other, they chat. Is that what you want? Yeah. Visit Manila, you'll notice some interesting looking vehicles called cheapneys. They are converted US Army Jeeps that stayed in the country after World War II. Filipinos adapted them to transport up to 18 passengers who jump on the cheapney going in their direction and ring the bell for it to stop. There are about 50,000 cheapneys in Manila and they all look different. Basketball stars, cartoon characters, inspirational quotes, neon lights and whatnot on them. There are two major problems with cheapneys, safety concerns and pollution. They produce huge amounts of black smoke. So hurry up if you want to ride before they get replaced with a rapid transit system. Nine. One of the islands has more volcanoes than towns. The Philippines are without a doubt a super scenic location. Among all the islands that are a part of it, Camigain sure stands out with more volcanoes per square mile than any other island on the planet. The island is 14 miles long and 8.5 miles wide and has seven volcanoes and five towns. Even though earthquakes and eruptions shaped it, volcanoes have been deep asleep since the 50s, so thousands of tourists can safely visit the island these days. Their national flag has a secret meaning. The national flag of the Philippines has two bands of blue and scarlet and a white triangle at the hoist with a yellow sun and eight rays. Each of them standing for one province of the country. The yellow stars stand for the three largest island groups. Luzon, Visayas and Mindinau. What makes the flag really unique is that it can be reversed to declare a state of war. This happened during the Filipino Revolutionary War of 1898 to 1901 and during World War II in 1941 to 1945. Seven. Boxing directly affects crime rates in the country. Filipinos love boxing and are crazy about their most famous box of mani-packing. Whenever he's in that country, his glued to its TV sets. According to the Philippine National Police, PNP, crime rates in the country dropped significantly when he's in the ring. During his 12-round fight against American boxer Floyd Mayweather Jewel from the 90s. Not a single crime was committed in the home and nila metropolitan area. It was basically the same during other major fights with the participation of... Like, I thought they were going to fight in the street because... Yeah, after you watch Tokyo Reveyor just you want to fight that kind of like... What you would do. But he was good thing. So I was relieved. It was basically the same during other major fights with the participation of the people's champ, Mani-Pakia. Mani-Pakia. Six. A lot of Filipinos work abroad. It might be because of their flexible and reliable character or the fact that they speak great English as a second language. But more than 11 million Filipinos work abroad. It's around 11% of the population and a quarter of all overseas nurses in the world come from the Philippines. Five. Their rice terraces are the eighth wonder of the world. But now our rice terraces are the oldest in the world and we're so smartly designed that they still bring a harvest of rice and vegetables, most of which get exported. And it is believed if all the terraces had been built end to end, they would stretch half way around the world. Today these places bring the country more money as a tourist destination than rice plantations and thus they play an important role for the economy of the Philippines. Four. They produce a lot of coconuts. Filipinos have been the number one producer of coconuts in the world. And even though the leadership now belongs to Indonesia, 153,532,000 tons per year is still an impressive number, isn't it? These coconuts are used to make anything from clothing to beauty products. Three. The first European to visit the Philippines was Ferdinand Magellan. The legendary explorer made the first record of the archipelagio among the Europeans in 1521. He founded the first settlement in Cebu and thus most of the area became a Spanish colony. This explains the fact that around 90% of the population are Christian unlike most of the country's neighbors. In 1898 the Philippines went under US rule and later in 1946 became an independent republic. Two. A Filipino made the first karaoke machine. If you love to sing along, you ought to thank Filipinos for your favorite pastime. The first karaoke machine in the world was created in 1975 by R.M. It's funny in Japan like Japanese people think that we invented a karaoke. It's kinda okay if you want to go home. It's true, it's a good thing. What's the name of that? It's a Japanese-style song. I thought about it in this song. It's completely different. Bert O'Dell-Rizaria. He patented as the sing-along system and even though there were some attempts to claim his creation, he still remains the only patent holder for the karaoke system. One. The population is extremely good looking. Along with their love for boxing, texting and shopping, Filipinos are crazy about beauty patches. It might be the years of American rule that gave them this love for competitive beauty, but the fact remains a fact. They have one in all major international patches 15 times. There were four worlds crowned Miss Universe, one Miss World, six title holders of Miss International, and four Miss Earth crowns. The first official pageant was held within the country in 1908, and since 2001, it's not just about beauty, but also for the promotion of environmental protection. Would you like to visit the Philippines? Or maybe you've already been there? Let me know in the comment section below. Don't forget to give this video a like and share it with your friends. It's funny that I haven't never been to the Philippines, but now I'm getting to know what it's like. You would say so much, I think I know a little, because you know, if you haven't been there, you never know anything. Thank you guys for watching. We enjoyed this video, and please subscribe to our channel, and also hit the like button, so please comment whatever you want to comment, and also have a good day. Have a good day. See you guys next time. Salamat Poh.