 ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・ ・・・・-・ ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・喃・腰 Disc戲BMX 4 therapists Aiais, ditto. Ikkai leka down, obos obos. Eh, this is my own, kabolo besiah, no? Holo. Oh, intimo po' nala manong. Tere. Manong rano, rano dili. To. All right, so this is rano dili. I'm in a current area. And basically I'm eating caribou soup, caribou sabao. And then a unique vegetable dish, unsapongala, kusavilius. Kusavilius. And talong for breakfast. And I just learned that they speak for saiya here, even though I'm in kappis. So I'm not going to get a single glass. Not that. We can't pass. Kappas, kappis. All right, let's see. Let's do it. All right, my own bintag from tapas kappis. I did not expect to be saying that good morning in besiah, but as Manong told me there in the carindiria, kabolo besiah do you? People speak besiah here. That was really a shock. Now, what you would have just seen is you would have seen me eating in a carindiria in the main population of tapas. I was really lucky. I got a caribou soup, a unique kusavilius, kusavilius, kusavilius, talong and rice from the 100 pesos. That's why I love carindirias here. You get really good food for super cheap. One of the reasons I always go to a carindiria when I'm alone on the road is it really is one of the best ways to get the local vibe and understand the area you're exploring. In this case, I found out from Manong there's two areas, one area you want to go called, Marugo Lake, a very well-known tourist spot. I'm going to check that out later. Then after talking to him for a while, found out that there might be some unique view overlooking everything in a place called Barungai Arturzan. Right now, I'm actually on a Barungai road, heading up into the bouquet towards that place. I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to explore the hard spot first. I don't even know what it would exist. I don't know what's up there, but we're going to check it out. Then after that, maybe we'll end the day at the lake. This is the mission, find a viewpoint, go through your jet-brocks and adventure. Always check in at the current areas, get the vibes and then go for it. So that's sugar cane on my right, and then corn on my lap. Oh, this view better be worth it. There's like five people on each bike there. I'm going to go to the lake. I'm going to go to the lake. I'm going to go to the lake. I'm going to go to the lake. I'm going to go to the lake. I'm going to go to the lake. I'm going to go to the lake. I'm going to go to the lake. Well, that is a fascinating view. Those ridge lines that remind me of Impassal Gong and Mindanao. But the difference is here, they're really green. You can actually see a lot of vegetation and trees on these, which is really a sign of a more healthy environment. I wish we had that in Bukinon. I wish we could plant more trees. That's a good reminder for me actually to get involved in that. Yeah, I'm happy I actually came over here and saw this because it's just so fascinating to see how flat it is. But at the same time, these little ridges running up and down. You can see way off in the distance of mountain or two. This is really beautiful. Again, you didn't see it on camera, but I probably had about 20 people pass by. Maybe 30, 40 people even. All they've done is just had a little laugh. They could hear and they could all speak persiah. Feeling good. Okay, let's go check out the lake. So this is quite funny. I was just about to leave with them at these guys. They just pulled up. Hello. Hello, are you all welcome? Hello, I'm Ghan. Hello, I'm Ghan. Hello, I'm Ghan. I'm Ghan. I'm Ghan. I'm Ghan. I'm Ghan. Hi. Mira, how are you? Your women started making pollution. What's new here? I'm currently dying for the temperature. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Down here to my left. Let's do this. Okay, things are gonna get bumpy here. So I'm gonna have to put away the camera. Looks like I'm going through a corn field. And I'm searching for the waterfalls. Let's do a jet-brox. Bro... Wow, I've got mud all over my back now. Well... I had to turn back. I'm just gonna try to get a Hubble-jougger or something. But maybe I'll get queer. Hello. Pt. What to eat buddy, what to eat? Have you tried sea warrior cheese Ok, we're going for the fall! Ok, let's go back to the cabin Like I go, and I can't leave the door I go a bus I'm not going to take it like a tough part I made it through this part, but it's so bad idea to double as you can see This is the section I made it to, and then I turn back Hello, my name is Ayy I'm in the cat, the cat's door What is it, Piggy? It's a piggy, it's a pig Woo! I have to see, I could never have made it It's ok, long time ago They're so cute, yeah! Once again, I find myself in the middle of an awesome adventure And a friendly local who's willing to come and help me out Thank you, Copees, for showing me right away How beautiful you are So if you didn't realize already, we're very far out now in the middle of Copees This is tapas, don't tapas This is still tapas Lots of maize farms And Coyote Jonas is a legend right now Ah, really? My back lay? Ok, look, yeah Coyote Jonas is probably just like, what the heck man Of course he's a cool ass friend This is a nice ass friend What happened? It's a nice day, nice day, Mr. Bang Is it a piece of cake? So this is the mini part There's a big one there, we're going to check it out Down there, there's something I'm going to take a look over the edge Take it easy Yeah, you got to take it really easy going here That would fall to your death So you notice I'm in the jungle, in the middle of nowhere in Copees With a random guy, I don't know And you think that all signs would be like, you should be afraid But you can just tell right away, you talk along the way In traffic people, you get the vibes and you know you're in good hands If people are being very cautious and unaware And kind of pushing you away And you know it might be better to avoid But in this case, it's all good This is a very dangerous climb You have to be very like, I could not film on the ridge there You have to be very careful, very cautious One slip you're dead This part is a climb down, it's not too hard But we're going to the middle of a gorge, it looks like Wow, that was a heck of a climb There's something around the corridor, I might have to go swim and see it Tubby, tubby, tubby, tubby, tubby, tubby, tubby Tubby, you know, really much expected, I'm going to go to the side Really much expected Tubby, tubby Thank you very much So, what's the language? You know, ok, huh? Naly, Naly Naly, Naly It's ok, it's dark It's not ok, it's not good I can't have to swim to check out the waterfall, guys So, once again, you know, everybody talks about capis And they talk about ass-wong But actually what you're seeing now, look at Kuyya He's going to the other side, to spot me As I go and swim around to show you the waterfall So again, for me, capis is going to be friendly, amazing locals And awesome vibes Very beautiful zone I keep my chin in, I'll see you in the next one Welcome to Palemite and Falls It's a massive gorge in the jungle and tapas capis And it's just rain the other day, there's creepy water right now Oh, nice I think at this close as I'm going to get The strong current And it's still keeping We'll talk about natural beauty I would love to see this when the water is not murky It's red, it's a wave red Salamah There he is, the legend himself What a beautiful example A Filipino's caring for random strangers, a random guest in their home This is his home, he's from Tapas, he's a good guy This was a good experience, I'll see you back in the village I'm going to get a little bit of water I'm going to get a little bit of water I'm going to get a little bit of water I got all sorts of green things in my hair Ah I'm going to get a little bit of water So, I think there's only one way to end this video That's to show you my motor right there Did you see that's clean? When I was gone, Jason's wife Jenny then She washed my motorbike Because it was really messed up and dirty from me trying to go there Sorry, I don't know why I'm getting a tiny, tiny bit emotional I think it's just again people, especially in these areas The respect they show you in the hospitality and the kindness It's beautiful and I couldn't have asked for a better first day in the piece So, it's amazing, she cleaned my motorbike Here I am, some guy walks in with cameras They sell phone and clearly is decently well off They live in a very small house, so there are two cares Jason is on my ease farmer And they're doing me favors like that It's beautiful I gave Jason more than I actually know I gave him what I thought was a good amount for To help him out and he deserves all of it And I don't know how I deserve this kindness That was again, she washed my bike Alright, I'm gonna end the video now