 Hello guys, it's your boy Fabian back again with another video and today we have a collab that I didn't think I was going to be reacting to. I didn't even know about this until today. Someone put it in the comments and I'm going to check it out. So yeah, as you've seen, it's a Filipino and Japanese collab and it's the 2023 Asia Artist Awards special stage performance of SB19 from the Philippines and a group called End Team and apparently they're Japanese. So I'm going to check this out. I have no idea what this is going to be but I'm assuming this is going to be spectacular since it's a collab and it's a live performance. I can't wait. But before we check out guys, make sure you subscribe down below, press the bell notification button down below so you can be the first to know when I upload. Check out my channel because there's a lot of SB19 reactions, a lot of Filipino reactions, a lot of Japanese reactions and keep an eye out because I upload every single day. But let's stop at the talking and crack on with what we're here for the reaction. So we have 2023 Asia Artist Awards special stage performance SB19 and End Team, Filipino and Japanese music reaction. Let's go. Yeah. Okay, so like I said at the beginning, this looks like it's going to be a spectacle. Big performance. Listen, I'm assuming the 2023 Asia Artist Awards is a big deal. Do you know what I mean? I've never heard of it before. I don't think I've reacted to anything like that before but maybe I check it out. I don't know. We'll see. But yeah, I'm assuming it's going to be a big deal and what to start. It looks like it's a big deal. I like it. Okay, so let me know in the comments below because obviously I've reacted to a lot of SB19. So I'm very familiar with them now. Yeah, but obviously I still don't know like every single thing. So is this the biggest performance they've had? Is this the biggest stage? I'm assuming so. I could be wrong. But is this the biggest stage in terms of yeah, they might have had concerts that they might have packed our own stuff. But in terms of the actual event, is this the biggest event? Let me know in the comments below. Okay, so I kind of feel proud of them because you know what it is here. When you react to a certain artist or a certain group or whatever and you do it like quite a lot, you kind of obviously you guys have seen them over years, right? But I've kind of known about them in a short space of time. So I've reacted to loads of stuff in a short space of time, right? And obviously I've gone way back. So I kind of see the progress in a very short space of time and not all of a sudden I'm seeing them like at this age of artist awards, they've got this collab with this band. I don't know who they are. We'll see. And they're smashing it out. It's on point. The confidence on point. When you compare it to the wish bus performances at the start, it's not in age. I mean yeah, they were good then. But the confidence here, different levels. Nice transition. An ability to Now this bit was sick. This bit was actually sick here. The vocals on point because obviously here's a live performance too right. So with this here not only do you have to get your vocals on point you got to get the dancing on point so the choreography is that you have to smash that and obviously we know they put a lot of time and effort when it comes to that as well because I have reacted to their journey so we know what they like when it comes to that. Their perfectionists right. So yeah man, everything put together here. This is actually a spectacular performance so fair play man. It's been 19 years just taking it to a different level to be honest. Okay so let me know in the comments below about the Asia artist awards. I don't know if I've asked you guys already in the video or British live but yeah let me know what is it about how big is it. I would assume it's probably like in a award ceremony like the best artist in the year around Asia but listen you never know nowadays isn't it. So let me know in the comments below what is it about how public is it and is it like an annual thing or is it relatively new. How long has it been about. Okay you know what's interesting as all year. It's nice to see a lot of people who are not performing the whole song but like a mini of each song here it shows you the best part of the mental transition from song to song. So even like choreography speaking here is actually wild you know I mean like you got to be special and this has been a special performance so far. Listen yeah so far you see this and team there is singing group right I'm hoping and team is not the dance group I think is a single because I did go on Wikipedia should have been your source of information but a little quicker and browse it is okay. I checked it there they've got singles jamming so they should be singing now I don't know man it's like it's been like predominantly SB19 so far but listen it's still halfway to go let's see. Okay so now is when N team comes in obviously I don't want to make any mistakes you know I know people can get annoyed if you get something from when it comes to music from Korea, Philippines, Japan all of these countries because they're very supportive of their groups that they like put it that way but yeah now it seems like N team is coming in let's see what these guys are about. Okay now there's about 50 guys on stage I don't know what's going on here now we're going to start getting confused with SB19 and 18 because they're just flying about dance moves that I don't know they're still playing SB19 song now yeah but let me know in the comments below who's this N team how long have you been about how popular are they and yeah just let me know something about it and listen maybe I'll stop doing their reactions as well. First time I'm checking out this N team group here and to be honest with you it's actually wild because I've done a lot of reactions from Asian groups right and they can all sing so fair play obviously they can all sing it because they're singing groups predominantly right but they can all dance as well now what's that about like how is everyone good at dancing over there like I don't know I don't know about let all of you guys watching this as well yeah if you're from Japan Korea Philippines you'll probably all good dancers as well like I don't know I must see no water over there everyone in Asia could dance is actually crazy that fair play man well done well done but you see this year so it's SB19 with N team but why they all performing SB19 song now why is it not going like why is it not back and forth do you know I mean I must be 19 song and N team song I don't know like let me know in the comments below is listen I don't know as always SB19 a bigger group than N team who's a bigger group and yeah it's gonna be beef in the comments when it comes to that question but yeah let me know actually who is the bigger group all right guys let's see if we're checking out SB19 and N team performing together at the 2023 Asia artist awards special and yes this special special stage performance that's what it says in the title you've got a bit confused but look that was very very nice to see incredible performance but everyone involved and look it's nice to see SB19 on their journey and they've worked to this point so yeah everyone's on point choreography on point obviously on point like vocally on point every single person on that stage smashed it so well done everyone involved that was nice that's even video guys gonna wrap things up thanks for watching make sure you like share subscribe comment below some more suggestions about try check out you guys as always but I'm gonna have to love you and leave me so thanks for watching keep yourself safe out there have a good day have a good evening and until next time guys I hope you have a good one