 What's your name? David. Where are you from? I'm going to Australia. I'm in the US. Amazing. How long are you here for? Two and a half years. So you're just visiting? Yeah, it's just a holiday. So the question today is, what's the most surprising thing about the Philippines? Probably your... probably how much you like Christmas? Yeah, comparatively to everywhere else in the world. I'd say you guys kind of kill it. Because the first time I was ever here, which was I think back in 2017, was I came... I think in September and you already had all your Christmas stuff out and like it was fully over done. Whereas if you can care that what you guys do comparatively to Australia, you at around October is like us deep in September. That's how much more you do Christmas than us. Also that and everything here, every like KFC McDonald's, basically every fast food chain has chicken, hungry jacks, hot, it's 100 jacks. They all kind of have like chicken incorporated into the meals. Whereas like in Australia that's not a thing. It's just burgers, chips and soft drink. That's pretty much it. Thank you so much. That's all right, and have a good interview. Thanks. That's all right. Thank you. What is your name? My name is Nagisa. And where are you from? I'm from Japan. Are you just visiting here or do you live here? I visited. It's just visiting. So what is the most surprising thing about Philippines? Maybe it's people. They are very... super friendly and they always smile in and they are very... Of course they speak English so it's very easy to interact. So yeah, that's the most surprising thing for me. How about Filipino people compared to Japanese people? Are they friendly or do Japanese people in general? Yes. As you may know, Japanese people are very friendly or very nice to others. But can you be a bit different compared to Japan? Because they are naturally very... they really like people. And they really like... they really like to talk with people. They are always chatting. Yes. Japanese people are mostly shy. So that's the difference I think. Thank you so much for your time. Thank you. What is your name? My name is Paul. Where are you from? I'm from Cameroon. Wow, so Africa, right? Can you speak Swahili? No, because Australia is mostly spoken in the eastern side of Africa. Amazing. So are you just living here or visiting? No, I'm living here. I've been living here for one year. How do you love it? Well, I like the place. I love the people. Especially because they mostly have... the mostly givers love. And that's the greatest thing we can receive from people. I agree. So the question today is, what's the most surprising thing about the Philippines? Well, we find many surprising things here. We firstly have the way the Filipinos connect with foreigners, which is quite different from the other countries in South Asia. We also have the food. There are many varieties of food here in the Philippines. Do you want to add anything to that? Anything else you found surprising? Oh, yes. Also find the country itself. Because I visited many... I went to provinces. I also visited many beaches. There are nice places here in the Philippines. And I really encourage many foreigners all over the world to visit the Philippines. I agree. I'm sorry. Thank you so much for your time. Oh, no more to work on. What's your name? My name is Steph. Right. Where are you from? Sydney, Australia. Right. Do you live here in the Philippines? Or are you just visiting? I live here now. Yeah. So what are you doing here? Like work? Yeah, yeah. I'm working here. Yeah. The mood I've been here for work. Right. Right. So what's the most surprising thing about the Philippines for you? The most surprising thing has probably been how helpful everybody is here. The help... and even the domestic help. The domestic help has been a big surprise to me. We don't have that in Australia. So it has made my life so much easier. And the transition here is so much easier. So that's been probably the most surprising thing that I wasn't expecting. That's all. Thank you so much for your time. Thank you. Where are you from? I'm from Finland. And what is your name? My name is Jasper. Right. Are you just visiting here or are you living here? Yeah, I'm just visiting. Today I actually go back to Finland. Nice. Nice. So what's the most surprising thing about the Philippines in your opinion? I would say that people are so slow. For example, in the supermarket, you have to wait 25 minutes in the line. And everybody is like, so, so nice. And speaking to each other at the counter. Yeah. I would say that one. People are so slow here everywhere. But, yeah. But I would say it's not a bad thing. It's just big difference to Finland. Are people more efficient in Finland and they don't really take so much time? Yeah, I would say like, it's so much faster in Finland to do everything. Is there anything else that you found surprising about the Philippines? I would say the pricing compared to Finland. Everything is so cheap here compared to the air up. Thanks, man. Thank you. What is your name? My name is Vicky. Right. Where are you from? I have from China. Which province? Kuhnann province. Chow Chai City. Right. Very interesting. What is the most surprising thing about the Philippines? The traffic I'm afraid is too heavy. Right. So it's not that traffic in your place? Yeah, but the traffic in Chai City is okay. It's okay for me. That's all. Thank you. What's your name? Jo Frey. Jo. Jo. Where are you from? France. Paris. Do you have a France? We should go to France. Wow. So what are you doing here in the Philippines? Are you just visiting or...? No, I'm actually working for an internship. I'm also smart working from France. And we're here to visit the travel in the Philippines and in the Pacific Asia. So around all the south of Asia. It's amazing. May I ask what your internship is? Basically, I'm working with an entrepreneur to learn how he works and how I can develop later my own company. So the question today is quite simple. What's the most surprising thing about the Philippines for you? In your opinion? The most surprising thing. I think this is the mix between the city and nature. It's very close to each other. But I like the mix between skyscrapers like this. Gentle people but also nature and very accessible person and people. What's your name? Alene. Where are you from? Sydney. Where about? Around St. George area away. Are you just visiting here or do you live here? I'm visiting at the moment. How are you liking it so far? Really good. I'm loving it. So the question today is, what is the most surprising thing about the Philippines? Probably the American influence in the whole place. You want to elaborate a little bit? I think it was just very unexpected. I mean, I didn't have much of an expectation coming through the Philippines. I thought it would be more traditional Filipino in a way. Obviously you've got pockets of it, all the restaurants and the food places. Just the way that everyone presents themselves. But I think there's a really big American influence on the place as well. Would you recommend the Philippines towards your friends to visit? 100% yes. Thank you so much for your time. No, thank you.