 Okay, this is hilarious. I don't know where this comes from. Who said the result was Jack the River. Dun dun dun. The strongest evidence people had was, you want again. They bore the same initial. Ooooooh! The last video of this person was a huge success, so I decided to react to another video of him. What's up Philippines? Welcome back to another video. The person I'm talking about is Bogatli Explorer and I the reaction video about Filipino alcohol. I know it's all of our favorite topic. We've all been there. We have all experienced these fun moments where we just have a bit of beer. Or two, or three. And things escalated, but today I am reacting to, was Jack the River really was a result. So it also says crazy Pinot conspiracies. And it's just something that I'm very interested to hear about. Because I think that he is a very entertaining personality. And it might also be fun to watch. So let's watch it together, shall we? With the world facing an ever-worsening crisis, the only thing spreading faster than COVID is misinformation. And nothing says misinformation, then conspiracy theory. And the Philippines is definitely no stranger to this. I am Bogatli Explorer from the Bo City. And these are five of the craziest Pinot conspiracy theories of all time. Number one, a half-man half-snake creature terrorises local morphs. Back in the late 80s, tales of a snake-like monster feeding on hands-especting short bears terrified morgos across the country, easily becoming one of the Philippines' most famous urban legends. According to the myth, this half-man half-snake, which still can't figure which half is weird, was allegedly the snake twin of one of the children of the owner of one of Metromanil's most prominent shopping malls. Mega World. A snake man was sitting stalking spy on various women as they were changing in the fitting room with, you guessed it, the mall security camera. And when this tech-savvy purve of a creature finds its woman of choice, it strikes by pulling a hidden lever, the open trap door, wipe beneath that dressing room, and drop sets would be prey into its lid. The myth became so well known that a famous Philippine actress was even rumored to be almost one of the monster's victims, but narrowly escaped and was paid a fortune to keep her mouth shut. No way. Mace, this conspiracy got me so curious I recently visited the mall to investigate for myself. And what do you know? The only monstrous half-snake creature in there was my... Okay, this is hilarious. I don't know where this comes from, but it's just one of those things that make rounds in like what's app groups, telegram groups, Facebook groups. I don't know what to think about it. Is this a thing? It's the first time that I heard this. Let me know in the comment section down below. 2. A Mad Man Injects Movie Goers With a Virus Oh, can I have a spine-chilling urban legend born out of the so-called Mool Wars? That's right, mate. The Philippines has so many mools that there were all at walls amongst them. Or should I say, Mool at walls? This however was a tale of a deranged bloke who wielded a syringe full of virus-ridden blood and injected random moviegoers with it. According to the OG murder thesis of the D.I., the perpetrator sported a black baseball cap in a black hoodie as he stealthily attacked his unknowing victims with the virus, annoyingly letting out the evilest of laughs as he completely blended and disappeared back into the crowd. Another version of this blood-curdling story was how the culprit would embed virus-lated needles on cinema chairs as he creepily waited for his victims to sit on it. As other movie patrons, he has trademarked laugh echo across the cinema. The rumors reportedly stopped, as the next alterations became so ridiculous, they were damn-wise stupid. My source said he also controlled an army of rats to deliver virus needles into that heels of people before, monologically letting out laughter across the PI systems. Oh, I'm good. Okay, hold on, hold on. I have to say this, in Austria during the pandemic, there have been conspiracy theories that are just so ridiculous. They're like people saying, you had somebody in the canal trying to inject you with the vaccine and just like, why? If they want you to be vaccinated, they will probably pour it into the water, right? It's just like, it's so much easier than just like, I don't think the canal. But yeah, interesting conspiracy theory. Oh, no! Ah, that's not it. I'll be right back. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. Oh. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh. Oh, man. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh, yeah. He has been in Germany for several historical figures including Mao Tentong and Tomayuki Yamashita. But nothing was well known in conspiracy as the one where he fathered the German dictator Adolf Hitler. And the story goes, that is how frequent travels to Germany and Austria during the late 1880s somehow led to a war night stand with an Austrian woman named Clara, who just happens to be Hitler's mum. Though a travel law did actually put him in roughly the same place in time as Hitler's birth, the Pinot conspirators primary evidence for this, you guessed it. The similar hairstyle and mustache combo. Boy, effing things. I think it was a thing. This project, my father must be brad. I mean, the resemblance isn't any. I want to hurry. I whispered, smiling weakly, trying to make a joke of it. I want to be a monster too. Boy, number four. Hosea Rizal was Jack the Ripper. Dun dun dun. Now, one of these result conspiracies also has got to be the most intriguing of them all, given the several coincidences that accompanied the story. As you know, Jack the Ripper was an unidentified serial killer who brutally murdered the prostitutes in a watch-appled district of London in 1898. Hosea Rizal happened to be in London during the exact same time of the murders. And what's even crazier is that as soon as Rizal left, the killings mysteriously stalled. Interesting. Many think not, as Jack the Ripper also was thought to have had some surgical and anatomical knowledge due to the way he mutilated his female victims. That is probably the horrible pinnip and surprise surprise. Dog Taho, Hosea Rizal was an ophthalmic surgeon and was there for skin with a snap-off. And if that doesn't give in to you, the strongest evidence people had was, one again, they bore the same initial. Oh, do y'all eat? No, you did the fact, however, didn't add up. As there was a drastic difference in height as the Ripper was said to be around just 5-5-5-8, while Rizal was a towering full-feet and an infinite amount of emotion, no damage. And finally, I can spiritually so big that if word of this got out, the Philippines will soon descend into chaos. Number 4. The Philippines. Okay, what is coming now? The last time, I am not Jiki Rowling. And let's see, Mites, did you think we'd miss anything? Run it down in the comments section and do check out our other videos with Comedy Central. We're all doing extremely boggad take on conspiracy theories. Oh, I love this! Oh, look at this. This is definitely a fun video. I mean, it's just like interesting to know what kind of stories people come up with and lies travel faster than life, apparently. And yeah, it's just entertaining for you. Let me know what you think about it. If there are any conspiracy theories that you can think of, I think I've reacted to a video where it's about mystical creatures in the Philippines. So that was very, very interesting for me because I believe in those kind of things, because I'm from Bosnia, when it's all superstitious and everything. But yeah, it's a different topic. What was it for today? If you enjoyed this video, give it a thumbs up and subscribe for more. I am going to publish another video very soon. You never know when. That's why you have to turn on the notification bell. Oh, my brain is not working anymore. I'm very sorry. My mom is currently cooking dinner for me and I'm currently visiting her. So I smell the food and I'm hungry and that's why I'm speaking. Oh, see you next time, you're on. What's up, Philippines? Bye-bye. I'm going to be back. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.