 Okay guys, because one guy, two guys was asking a question if how the British woman feeling love with a Filipino man like me. So I'm gonna ask you questions, why you're falling love with a Filipino guy? There's nothing to do with him being Filipino and I hate this question. Like, it's nothing to do with him Filipino. I fell in love with him because he's Jay. He's handsome, he's funny, he's kind, he's caring. But it's nothing to do with him Filipino. Maybe he's got certain attributes because he's Filipino that made me have feelings for him, but it's nothing to do with him being Filipino. So that question, go away, well, human guy doesn't care whether you're Filipino, you're British, you're American, you're Chinese, you're Indian, you're a human. I connect with humans, I do not care way from your race, your religion. It's nothing to do with it. It's just, I know it's so corny, but it's true, it's a person. I've been around so many different types of people my whole life, different religions, you know, from day one, you know, in school. And then in my family as well, we have mixed religions and I've always been around it and then working on boards, so many different cultures. And in the workplace in England, there's so much diversity, we're so multicultural, I think, as a word. So it literally doesn't faze me. So I hate that question, touches a nerve for me. I love him because he's J and he's very nice to me. And I love him, I didn't want to answer this question, I didn't want to be like, I love my husband because of this, I love my husband because of that. But now you've got me talking about it. But I love him because he keeps me on my toes too. He's not a yes man. He doesn't do whatever I want. If I get out of line or get a big grumpy, he'll tell me and he'll fight back with me if we play fight. Mine of his play fights can get quite ugly and quite violent as if we're two guys. And I was about getting a big grumpy like, I'm not a guy, don't forget, I'm not a guy. But I love that he's not, he would never actually hit me in real life. But in our play fights, I love that he will actually play fight with me and get a bit rough house with me. It's not just scared to touch me because I'm a girl. And he's just funny, he's crazy, he doesn't mind when I make fun out of him. But sometimes he gets really sensitive and he's really funny. He's just funny, he's a little crazy, he's my little crazy Jamie. Next question. What Philippine foods you like in my roll view? I'm a very fuzzy heater so my answer might be different to normal people. But I love the star bread, I love the mango float. I love chicken and gobies really nice. And I like that, I had some amazing beef soup and I was into guy Taiwan's and I tried. That's bull alo guys, she loves bull alo as well. And I tried sweet and sour fish over there which was really nice. I never thought we would have put in a two together. I don't really like fish that much unless it's fish and batter which it was with sweet and sour sauce that was lovely. And my sister and brother-in-law, Eric and Maricop, shout out. But they make really nice spring rolls and they are really good. I don't like them in lots of places but those two nail it. So guys, lumpia, we couldn't lumpia. She loves lumpia guys so much. And so much. And I tried Halo, Halo ice cream. And now it was interesting. I'm not in love with it like everybody is. But it was interesting and I want to eat it again. I think it was different for my taste buds and I didn't know how to take it. So I need to do that when it's done. And one, sorry guys, I love going home. Yeah, it was like just living in the main roadside. So if you heard me, I said I need to try that again because my taste buds, I'm not sure if I like it or not. But I know I want to try it again. Ah, this would be. But that's a good sign. That's a good sign that I want to try it again. And I think that's all I can think of for now. Fried chicken. I love Filipinos. I love fried chicken. I love fried chicken. I love fried chicken. Yeah. And that's it. And then third question. What do you love about Filipino culture? Like our culture, what culture you love? I don't know if there's cool things that I love about your culture. If things I just find interesting and different hours. So you guys are super friendly. You'll drop by on each of this house isn't expectively. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter what time of day it is or you don't need to text them before. So you know, I'm coming over. Is that okay? What are you doing? You could be walking past a house and knock on the door and go in. For me, we didn't do that as English people. So that's some not getting used to because people don't do it to us. Maybe because I'm English. But Jay will do it to other people all the time. And I get so angry. I'm like, you can't just walk in. Like text them. They could be busy. They could be in the bath. They could be having a no make up day and they don't want anybody to come around. Like just check with them first. But don't just go round. So that is still something that I'm always trying to get used to. And also, again, you'll just talk to anybody. So Jay will go to work. He'll go to Astas. I'll live cool supermarket. And I will say, I've been ages. And it's because he says, yeah, I was making friends with some Filipino friends. I don't understand why you'll just get on with somebody. Just because of Filipino. It was plenty of English people. And I don't go over to them just because they're English. We are very friendly people, but we're very reserved when it comes to strangers. Once we know you and we're friends, that's it. We're great. But we don't approach any strangers. So that takes getting used to. So it's not things I love about your culture. It's things that you have really good hearts and you're open. But it's very interesting. We have really good heart guys, Filipino. It's not the way we do things. So it causes some problems between us sometimes. We're like, you can't do that. And you're like, yes, I can. So I don't know. It's a learning curve. Life would be so boring if we were all the same. So it's good. What I don't like about Filipino culture. How about culture, you know, you don't like us. You can't say no to a Filipino. Yeah, in terms of food, guys. Because as Filipino, when we're going to the party, and then a lot of friends like us, even we don't have anymore. We don't want anymore. And it's like, oh, well, fools. Because it's like, oh, that's awesome. Like that. But for the British, if they say no, it means no. No, it means no. No means no. And he'll say, don't have some food. I'm not now fine. It's fine. Have some food. No, I'm fine. And then he goes, I'm fine. I said, I'm fine. I said, no. It annoys me. If I said no, it's because I said no. I'm not being shy or trying to be polite. If I wanted it, I would take it. If I say no, then don't book me again. I don't want it. Because it's nothing to say. That's why I don't like. If they say no, no, because they're full already. Not just like us, Filipino. Oh, how this one, how this one, take this one, take this one. British, no. If they say no, they're full. That's it. Yeah. Unless we're in front of strangers. If we're strangers and we say no, we probably really want the food. But we're saying no because we don't want to look greedy or trying to be polite. And then we want you to ask us again. But when we know you and you ask us twice, maybe even then that's okay. But if you ask us a third time, stop. Yeah. Don't ask me a third time. I said no. We don't fight like hand dogs. But two different cultures, it takes some getting used to. But I love it and I'm happy. No regrets? I'll never regret marrying a British woman, guys. It's a lot of hard work, though. Like a lot of adjustment in terms of culture difference. But because love can conquer everything. So what are the biggest cultural differences for me? If you married a Filipino woman, so the British woman you've married, do you see a lot of differences? How different, or most recently, life might be? Or not really? You just love me because I'm me. I would say, guys, if I compare the witches, I don't have a Filipino woman, a Filipino wife. You better not have a Filipino wife. But if I will compare the Filipino and the British woman, the British wife, it's a kind of, it's a little bit a big difference because you know, Filipina, it's, I don't know, it's really hard to explain, but in terms of foods, because Filipina is usually, you know, we eat a lot of pizza balls and like that, blah, blah, blah, you know. So we just want to eat the same food because there's no big difference between people. Alright, next time, see you. If there's any questions you want us to answer, drop them below, and we'll answer your questions when we can. So thanks for watching, Patelan. Thanks for watching, guys. And, uh, hang out, kay, lag, bye. Bye.